BillO wo n't cover the violence in Iraq because he thinks it 's not relevant to the discussion of the Iraq war .
You know those insurgent types are just mugging for the cameras .
Will Bill O'Reilly be able to wash the blood out of his hands this time ?
After all , what 's another thousand dead soldiers and a couple more F.U. 's to O'Reilly ?
And , let 's not forget this whopper too .
So with that my good C&Lers --- I give you another O'Reilly Hall of Shame moment .
Download Download
O'Reilly :
My feeling is that we should allow General Petraeus the resources he needs within a year 's time .
After that , the Iraqi army must step up and provide their own security with a few American battalions in support .
For the future of both the USA and Iraq , that is probably the best course of action in a truly painful situation .
And I agree with emailer Bill who sent in the video and says : O'Reilly : Give Petraeus 1,000 More Dead Soldiers To See If The Surge Will Work
O'Reilly says himself that even though " the USA is likely to lose another thousand killed in the process " we should give Petraeus " the resources he needs within a year 's time ... "
Two more F.U.s and a thousand more dead soldiers , give or take a couple hundred , that 's all Bush needs to be able to pass this catastroph*ck onto the next President .
The master propagandist once said that if there were no WMD 's found in Iraq , he would n't support the Bush administration any longer
Right before U.S. forces invaded Iraq , O'Reilly made a bold promise on ABC about Iraq 's WMDs : " If the Americans go in and overthrow Saddam Hussein and it 's clean , he has nothing , I will apologize to the nation , and I will not trust the Bush Administration again , all right ? "
Nuff said !
Email Bill and call his show ( 1-877-9 - NO - SPIN noon to 2 PM ET , but be polite ) and ask him if he ever apologized and will he apologize to the Iraqi people and the American troops when his plan plays out and the Iraqi government is still in shambles .
Tell him I sent you .
The Bastard Fairies are an indie / pop band from Los Angeles , California .
Their entire album ( Memento Mori ) can be downloaded from their website .
The guitarist Robin Davey is from the UK .
Yellow Thunder Woman , the lead singer of the group , is a Native American .
The Bastard Fairies won the American Indian Motion Picture Best Music Video Award in 2006 .
They also have a YouTube account where they upload music videos and such .
Recently they uploaded a political video in which an 8 - year - old girl criticized people who say that video games and certain music damage children .
This video has be … read more
" More than a year ago , a senior Israeli army officer began giving PowerPoint presentations , on an off - the - record basis , to U.S. and other diplomats , journalists and think tanks , setting out the plan for the current operation in revealing detail . "
Israeli war planes hit the cities of Sidon , south Beirut and Baalbak on Saturday and Israeli ground troops fought a hard battle to take over the village of Maroun al - Ras , said to be a Hizbullah rocket - launching site .
The Israeli bombing of Sidon hit a religious complex linked to Hizbullah .
The BBC reports that ' The UN's Jan Egeland said half a million people needed assistance - and the number was likely to increase .. '
Matthew Kalman reveals that Israel 's wideranging assault on Lebanon has been planned in a general way for years , and a specific plan has been in the works for over a year .
The " Three Week War " was shown to Washington think tanks and officials last year on powerpoint by a senior Israeli army officer :
The Israelis tend to launch their wars of choice in the summer , in part because they know that European and American universities will be the primary nodes of popular opposition , and the universities are out in the summer .
This war has nothing to do with captured Israeli soldiers .
It is a long - planned war to increase Israel 's ascendency over Hizbullah and its patrons .
But since Hizbullah 's short - range katyushas can only hit targets 3 - 4 miles away , and were mainly being fired at the occupied Shebaa Farms , why worry about it so much ?
1 . If Hizbullah forced Israel out of the Shebaa Farms , it might increase pressure for it to give back the Golan Heights , East Jerusalem , and all of the West Bank -- the other territories stolen by Israel in 1967 .
The Israelis have their own Domino Theory , which haunts them the way the original haunted Lyndon Johnson -- and just as foolishly .
2.of Hizbullah 's missiles might have been able to hit sensitive Israeli chemical or nuclear sites , or just cause panic by hitting Israeli cities .
There was zero likelihood of Hezbollah launching such a strike unprovoked .
But this capacity formed at least a slight drag on the Israeli ability to strike Iran and the Palestinians with impunity .
The destruction of the Hizbullah arsenal may be the precursor of even more drastic action against the Palestinians and perhaps a bombing raid on Iran 's nuclear research facilities near Isfahan .
Israel is a regional superpower , the only nuclear power in the Middle East proper , and possessing the most technologically advanced military capability and the most professional military .
Since Egypt opted out of the military struggle for economic reasons and since the US invasion broke Iraq 's legs , there is no conventional military threat to Israel .
Israel seeks complete military superiority , for several reasons .
One impetus is defensive , on the theory that it has to win every contest and can never afford to lose even one , given its lack of strategic depth ( it is a geographically small country with a small population , caught between the Mediterranean and potentially hostile neighboring populations ) .
But the defensive reasons are only one dimension .
There are also offensive considerations .
The Right in Israel is determined to permanently subjugate the Palestinians and forestall the emergence of a Palestinian state .
This course of action requires the constant exercise of main force against the Palestinians , who resist it , as well as threats against Arab or Muslim neighbors who might be tempted to help the Palestinians .
Thus , Iraq and Iran both had to be punished and weakened .
Likewise , the Israeli Right has never given up an expansionist ideology .
For instance , the Israelis have a big interest in the Litani River in south Lebanon .
If and when the Israeli military and political elite felt they needed to add territory by taking it from neighbors , they wished to retain that capability .
The remaining challenges to complete Israeli military superiority and freedom of movement are 1 ) asymmetrical forces such as Hamas and Hizbullah guerrilla cells wielding rockets and 2 ) the menace of future unconventional challenges such as an Iranian nuclear weapon ( circa 2016 if in fact the Iranians are working on it , which is not proved ) .
Given the alliance of Shiite Hizbullah with Shiite Iran , one capability shielded the other .
That this war was pre-planned was obvious to me from the moment it began .
The Israeli military proceeded methodically and systematically to destroy Lebanon 's infrastructure , and clearly had been casing targets for some time .
The vast majority of these targets were unrelated to Hizbullah .
But since the northern Sunni port of Tripoli could theoretically be used by Syria or Iran to offload replacement rockets that could be transported by truck down south to Hizbullah , the Israelis hit it .
And then they hit some trucks to let truck drivers know to stay home for a while .
That is why I was so shaken by George W. Bush 's overheard conversation with Tony Blair about the war .
He clearly thought that it broke out because Syria used Hizbullah to create a provocation .
The President of the United States did not know that this war was a long - planned Israeli war of choice .
Why is that scarey ?
Because the Israeli planning had to have been done in conjunction with Donald Rumsfeld at the US Department of Defense .
The US Department of Defense is committed to rapidly re-arming Israel and providing it precision laser - guided weaponry , and to giving it time to substantially degrade Hizbullah 's missile capabilities .
The two are partners in the war effort .
For the Bush administration , Iran and Hizbullah are not existential threats .
They are proximate threats .
Iran is hostile to US corporate investment in the oil - rich Gulf , , and so is a big obstacle to American profit - making in the region .
Rumsfeld is worried about Iran 's admission as an observer to the Shanghai Cooperation Organization , which is to say , that he is worried about a budding Chinese - Islamic axis that might lock up petroleum reserves and block US investments .
If Chinese economic and military growth make it the most significant potential challenger to the Sole Superpower in the coming century , a Chinese alliance with the oil - rich Muslim regions , including Iran , would be even more formidable .
The Shanghai group has already pulled off one coup against Rumsfeld , successfully convincing Uzbekistan to end US basing rights in that country .
Rumsfeld also believes , contrary to all available evidence , that Iran is actively destabilizing Iraq and is conniving with Syria and Hezbollah to do so ( In fact , the Iraqis had shaped charges in their depots and did not need to learn about them from Iran or Hizbollah ) .
At some points , the Pentagon has even tried to blame Iran for the radical Sunni Arab violence in Iraq , which makes no sense at all ( and thus that propaganda campaign has been put on the back burner ) .
Rumsfeld is so eager to stop what he believes is an Iranian nuclear weapons program that he reportedly has considered using tactical nuclear weapons against it preemptively .
After all , a nuclear - armed Iran would forestall American gunboat diplomacy in the oil - rich Gulf .
Iran also supports Syria , and Rumsfeld believes that Syria is helping destabilize Iraq , and is also a patron for Hizbullah .
Clearly , if one could get rid of Iran and Hezbollah , in Rumsfeld World , Iraq is much more likely to turn out a delayed success than an absolute disaster .
And then the stalled - out rush to Bush 's vision of " democracy " ( i.e. Big Private Property ) in the region could proceed .
In fact , the instability in Iraq mainly comes from Sunni Arab guerrillas , who hate Iran and it is mutual .
The Bush administration 's perceived economic and geopolitical interests thus overlap strongly with Israel 's perceived security interests , with both benefitting from an Israeli destruction of Hizbullah .
It is not impossible that the US Pentagon urged the Israelis on in this endeavor .
They certainly knew about and approved of the plan .
What is scarey is that Cheney and Rumsfeld do n't appear to have let W. in on the whole thing .
They told him that Bashar al - Asad of Syria stirred up a little trouble because he was afraid that Iraq the Model and the Lebanese Cedar Revolution might be such huge successes that they would topple him by example ( just as , after Poland and the Czech Velvet Revolution , other Eastern European strongmen fell ) .
( Do n't fall down laughing at the idea of Iraq and Lebanon as Republican Party success stories ; people in Washington , DC , coccoon a lot and have odd ideas about the way the world is . )
So , Bush thought , if that is all that is going on , then someone just needs to call al - Asad and reassure him that we 're not going to take him out , and get him to rein in Hizbullah .
And then the war would suddenly stop .
No one told Bush that this war was actually an Israeli war of choice and that al - Asad had nothing to do with it , that , indeed , it could only happen because al - Asad is already irrelevant .
That is why Administration hopes of using the Israeli attempt to destroy Hezbollah as a wedge to convince Syria to give up rejectionism and detach itself from Iran are crazy .
Syria is not going to give up its stance toward Israel unless it at the very least gets back the occupied Golan Heights .
That is non-negotiable for Damascus .
Since the Israeli Right is diehard opposed to making that deal , Israel will go on occupying part of Syrian soil .
Syria cannot accept that outcome .
Likewise , the Allawi regime faces a powerful challenge from the Sunni Muslim Brotherhood .
The high Baath officials would be afraid that if they made peace with Israel and got nothing out of it for Syria , there would be a mass popular Islamist uprising .
A separate peace that leaves the Palestinians to the Israelis ' tender mercies would also stick in the craw of the Syrian public .
The administration plan will fail .
Because of their fetish for states , the Neoconservatives of the Bush administration are unable to see that the Levant and points east are now the province of militia - parties that dominate localities and wield asymmetrical paramilitary force in such a way as to stymie states , whether local host states , local adversaries , or imperial Powers .
Hizbullah in Lebanon , Hamas and other groups in Gaza and the West Bank , al - Qaeda / radical Bedouins in the Sinai , the Muslim Brotherhood in some Sunni areas of Syria , the tribes and gangs of Maan in Jordan , the Peshmerga of the Kurds , the guerrilla groups of the Sunni Arabs in Iraq , the Mahdi Army , Badr Corps and Marsh Arabs of the Iraqi Shiites , the Basij and Iranian Revolutionary Guards in Iran , the party - tribes of Afghanistan -- whether the Tajik Jami'at - i Islami or the Pushtun Taliban -- and the biradaris and ethnic mafias of Pakistan , are all arguably as significant actors as states , and often more significant .
By its assault on Middle Eastern states , whether it takes the form of military confrontation or of " pressure " to " democratize , Neoconservatism in Washington and Tel Aviv has increased the power and saliency of militia rule throughout the region .
The transition under American auspices of Iraq from a strong if odious central state to equally odious militia rule and chaotic violence is only the most obvious example of this process .
More people have been killed in terror attacks in Iraqsince February than were killed on September 11 , 2001 in the US , and since Iraq is 11 times less populous than the US , the 6,000 killed in May and June are equivalent to 66,000 killed in civil war violence in the US .
Condi Rice echoes the old Neocon theory of " creative chaos " when she confuses the Lebanon war with " the birth pangs " of a " new " Middle East .
The chief outcome of the " war on terror " has been the proliferation of asymmetrical challengers .
Israel 's assault on the very fabric of the Lebanese state seems likely to weaken or collapse it and further that proliferation .
Since asymmetrical challengers often turn to terrorism as a tactic , the " war on terror " has been , at the level of political society below that of high politics and the state , the most efficient engine for the production of terrorism in history .
Have a look before you purchase fonts .
Maybe you do n't need to buy fonts .
What else to see ?
A small blog about fonts , design and art is all ... Typeface : Fonts fall into few typeface categories which is either serif or sans - serif .
Serif typefaces which have curly bits at the top and bottom ends on the letters are usually easier to read especially on paper , and are widely used in magazines , newspapers and books .
Sans - serif fonts without the curly bits are easier to read on a computer screen - like here .
Font Family :
There are many fonts but must of them belong to a certain group .
Remember that the computer displaying your website must have the fonts installed to be able to display the page correctly .
All fonts featured on Fawnt.com are property of their respective owners .
We do not take credit for any fonts listed .
Why are these dramatic changes taking place ?
Because the human population is surging .
( It took a million years to reach two billion people .
In the last 40 years , world population has doubled .
And in the next 40 years , the number of people could double again . )
Because the industrial , scientific and technological revolutions magnify the environmental impact of these increases , and because we tolerate self - destructive behavior and environmental vandalism on a global scale .
Why , once again , do we fail to rally our forces ?
Much of the world closed its eyes as Hitler marched because the only adequate response was a horrible war many hoped to avoid .
Do we now shrink from the unimaginably difficult response demanded by the global environmental crisis , and hope against hope that it will yet prove unnecessary ?
This crisis is so different from anything before that it is hard to believe it is real .
We seize scientific uncertainties , however small , as excuses for inaction .
Some , like Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain in Munich , would rather adapt to the threat than confront it .
This time , they are protected not by an umbrella but by floppy hats and sunglasses .
Our complacency stems in part from a standard of living dependent on rapid consumption of the earth 's resources .
Our generation has inherited the idea that we have the right to appropriate for ourselves the earth 's accumulated treasures as quickly as we can consume them .
We reach back through millions of years for the deposits that fuel our industrial civilization .
Just as a drug addict needs increasing doses to produce the same effect , our global appetite for the earth 's abundance grows each year .
We transform the resources of the past into the pollution of the future , telescoping time for self - indulgence in the present .
In 1987 , carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere began to surge with record annual increases .
Global temperatures are also climbing : 1987 was the second hottest year on record ; 1988 was the hottest .
Scientists now predect our current course will raise world temperatures five degrees Celsius in our lifetimes .
The last time there was such a shift , it was five degrees colder ; New York City was under one kilometer of ice .
If five degrees colder over thousands of years produces an ice age , what could five degrees warmer produce in a lifetime ?
In a classic experiment , a frog dropped in boiling water jumps out .
The same frog , put in the water before it is slowly boiled , remains in the pot .
Our environment is at the boiling point .
Will we react ?
The 1990's are the decade of decision .
Profound changes are required .
We must create a new global compact for sustainable development - for example , trading debts for shared environmental stewardship .
Our agenda must include the following :
* A worldwide ban in five years on chlorofluorocarbons , which simultaneously destroy the protective ozone layer and cause up to 20 percent of global warming .
* Rapid reductions in carbon dioxide emissions , through increased vehicle mileage standards , increased energy efficiency and development of alternative energy sources .
Please send your / your pets ' secrets as .jpg files to secretburger AT gmail DOT com .
You have to have permission to use any photos , and you must include a photo credit .
Anonymous pix and images found on Icanhascheezburger ?
or anywhere else randomly on the net without credits are NOT okay .
.
These are all brand new , free to use cat images .
Make sure you give us the name of the photographer when you submit , though !
The bigger da image , da better .
kthxbai !!!
by Molly Ivors
Today , Ariel , the Idiot Princess , takes off her tiara and puts on a phat baseball cap and gives us a little playlet .
It 's a little weird , like that Far Side cartoon abut what we say to dogs and what they hear , though it is enlightening to learn what , for Ariel , this campaign is actually about .
First , it 's been stripped down to its bare essentials and crucial players .
There 's none of those messy Dodds and Edwardses and Richardsons muddying the waters : only Clinton and Obama are onstage in the imaginary debate .
( Because , you know , only they really matter . )
Second , despite the best efforts of the bemused moderator , these candidates refuse to discuss issues and traffic solely in innuendo and bitchy rumor .
That 's right , folks :
MoDo is complaining that you can't get the candidates to discuss policy seriously .
MoDo .
( Just to be clear :
It is not the Democratic candidates who are embroiled in a debate over who Jesus ' brother is . )
That 's right , folks .
If only Mo had her way , it'd be all pie charts and subcommittees .
She has no earthly idea where all the petty bitchiness comes from .
When Ginger watches a debate :
WASHBURN : Senator Obama , what would your priorities be as president ?
OBAMA : I will pass a health care bill because I am not a polarizing person whose negatives are completely off the charts , and I ’m certainly not threatening to drag down the whole party at a time when we should be killing the Republicans .
WASHBURN : Are you referring to Senator Clinton ?
OBAMA : Most certainly not .
I want to bring a new kind of politics to Washington that can reverse the polarizing atmosphere of the ’90s , the ’90s , the ’90s .
CLINTON : Do n’t bogart the time , Barack .
I ’d like a hit .
Carolyn , should n’t there be some timing device to let my young friend know when he ’s going over , something that would go “ BONG ! ” OBAMA : I know what you ’re doing , Hillary .
I was n’t born yesterday .
She wants Americans to think I ’m so young and green that I can only run for White House intern .
It would be a stain on me to sink as low as her .
What 's really sad about this is that it is , I presume , intended to be humorous .
But like your grandma dressing up like Ali G , it 's just sort of weird and depressing .
Let 's translate the translation :
When Senator Obama talks to Senator Clinton , it 's all " Yo , bitch , you 're living in the past , which is weird because your spouse once left semen on some girl 's $ 30 dress . "
And when Senator Clinton replies to Senator Obama , she 's like " Dood , got some smoke ?
I know you do , because you went to a madrassa and you 're like , way pimped out . "
I wish I were exaggerating , I do .
I 'm not , unfortunately .
It 's kind of embarrassing to watch MoDo project her desperate need to be cool onto these two people .
Her drug lingo is as awkward as it can possibly be .
She really , really wants to let us know that once she stood close enough to Truman Capote 's entourage to sweep into Studio 54 .
Back when that meant something , I mean .
I 'm not sure how to meet this meme , except to note that it's as shallow , bitchy , and unhelpful as the content it intends to critique .
My understanding is that the issue was raised , criticized , apologized for , and the person responsible is gone .
No one is keeping this alive but the Villagers and their superannuated prom queen .
I 'll repeat what I 've said before : Americans know this election is dead fucking serious .
They also know that the Democratic primaries are the real news here , since if Jesus himself announced he was running for the Republicans , he 'd still only get 28 % of the vote .
Attempts to turn it into a shallow popularity contest focused on issues of spectacular unimportance do not help move us forward .
( Rapping Granny image from this page : too funny . )
Like most people , economists love a mystery – especially if it involves not a missing person but a missing $ 2.9 trillion in United States debt .
That 's $ 2.9 with 11 zeros after it .
Some words of explanation : Every quarter the Department of Commerce comes up with the US " International Investment Position . "
At the end of 2006 , for instance , the US had a net negative position – by this measurement of international assets and liabilities – of $ 2.6 trillion .
In other words , the country is by far the world 's biggest debtor nation .
A quarter century ago , the US was the world 's largest creditor nation .
The economists at Commerce count American - owned private assets in foreign nations ( plants , equipment , retail outfits , property , corporate stocks and bonds , etc. ) , US official international reserves ( gold , special drawing rights , foreign currencies ) , and other US assets abroad .
The measurements get complicated .
Then these economists count what foreigners own of American assets , looking at the same list of assets .
Subtracting the value of American international assets from what foreigners own of American assets , they come up with how much Americans are in debt to other nations and their peoples .
But if you look at the current account of the US balance of payments , which measures primarily the balance of trade , and also flows of interest and dividends , foreign aid , and other international transfers , the US should be far deeper in hock – $ 2.9 trillion more over the years from 1990 through 2006 than the official $ 2.6 trillion .
Every month , the Commerce Department has reported huge deficits in trade and the broader current account .
These deficits have to be financed somehow by foreigners , and so the US should be piling up its international debts in grand style .
Last year the US international deficit was running at a level equivalent to 6.5 percent of our gross domestic product , the nation 's total output of goods and services .
In a sense , Americans were living 6.5 percent better than they would if they were n't putting on the national tab , in effect , so many toys , shirts , computers , etc .
" Why are n't we more indebted ? " asks Barry Bosworth , an economist at the Brookings Institution in Washington .
One related mystery is that American investments in foreign nations earn a much higher rate of return than do the investments by foreigners in the US .
" Why ? " asks Mr. Bosworth in a working paper written with Susan Collins of the Gerald Ford School of Public Policy in Ann Arbor , Mich . , and a graduate student , Gabriel Chodorow - Reich .
One - third of the gap in the return on investments can be attributed to US corporations reporting " extra " income in low tax jurisdictions of their foreign affiliates , the National Bureau of Economic Research paper finds .
For example , Microsoft sells its software in foreign countries from an affiliate in Ireland – after making some changes in the software , says Bosworth .
There , it pays only a 10 percent tax on its corporate profits , rather than the 38 percent corporate rate in the US .
Other US firms set up affiliates in such tax havens as Barbados , the Bahamas , and Bermuda .
US firms are " quite aggres­sive " in taking advantage of such tax havens , notes Bosworth .
It probably means that these companies avoid billions of dollars in taxes that otherwise would go to Uncle Sam .
It also distorts the official balance - of - payments figures .
" The data are very bad , " says Bosworth .
Another economist intrigued by this international investment mystery is Pierre - Olivier Gourinchas of the University of California , Berkeley .
He finds that the reason the US is earning so much more on its foreign assets than it is paying on its foreign liabilities is partly because US investors often take more risk and thus get a higher return .
The American money goes into foreign direct investment ( plant and equipment , etc. ) and into foreign stock , for example .
Many foreigners , especially central banks , tend to be more cautious in choosing American investments .
They buy ultrasafe US Treasuries or relatively safe bonds issued by US corporations , for instance .
" The US offers nice , liquid , safe investments , " says Professor Gourinchas .
The risk of default can be low .
The US is an entrepôt , says Jane D'Arista , of the Financial Markets Center , Philomont , Va .
That is , it takes in savings from the world at relatively low cost and invests some of that money abroad at a higher return .
There 's more to the mystery than that , however .
One advantage for the US is that the dollar is the primary currency used in international reserves of other nations and for invoicing international trade and investment , such as for oil and other commodities .
So when the dollar loses value , foreign holders of dollar assets lose on their dollar investments .
Almost all US foreign liabilities are in dollars and about 70 percent of US foreign assets are in foreign currencies .
In what Gourinchas calls an " eye- catching , back - of - the - envelope calculation , " a 10 percent depreciation of the dollar represents a transfer of 5.3 percent of US GDP from the rest of the world to the US .
America 's GDP is currently $ 13.7 trillion , and the dollar is down 20.6 percent since 2002 .
So foreigners have – in effect – given the US about $ 1.3 trillion .
It 's not really that simple , emphasizes Gourinchas .
Nonetheless , the US has had a free lunch .
A few years ago , when working for the Daily Telegraph , I travelled to Leeds on a story about a teenage computer geek who hacked into the Pentagon computer network .
Knowing that our subject once worked as a paperboy , a photographer and I wandered into a newsagent 's close to his home , hoping for some insights .
None sprang forth , but we passed a few amiable minutes with the owner , a smiling , ruddy - faced man , and then left .
Ten minutes later I was called by the news editor in London , who was laughing so much he could barely speak .
" We 've just had a call from a bloke who said these two guys came into his shop claiming to be from the Daily Telegraph , but he said he knew they could n't be because one of them was black and the other one was half - caste , " he told me .
" He was calling to warn us . "
We should , perhaps , have done other things but instead we returned to the shop , part amused , part irritated .
" By the way , I am black , " I told the owner as we left the shop .
" But you are wrong about him , " I said , pointing to my colleague .
" That 's a suntan .
He 's just spent two weeks in Spain . "
These things rarely happen to me these days .
Perhaps it 's a result of living in London .
Maybe I have been fortunate .
But new research on black attitudes to racism suggests that for all the advances in race relations , many feel their lives are blighted by stereotyping and discrimination .
In what is billed as the most comprehensive survey of black opinion in 20 years , the Voice newspaper depicts communities of African - Caribbean and African origin as transparently aggrieved by the feeling that their pigmentation determines how they are viewed and ultimately how they will fare in life .
Of the 600 people questioned , 94 % said there is continuing racism in the UK today , and the feeling was most acute among those of Caribbean backgrounds , 96 % of whom felt advances have not gone far enough .
More than a third felt that racism in the UK today is actually worse than three or four years ago - a galling statistic when one considers that most live in London , whose diversity helped win it the right to stage the 2012 Olympics - and 60 % said black people fare worse than other racial minorities .
Those questioned bemoaned their failure to be promoted at work and the effects of institutional racism , with 80 % citing inequalities in the criminal - justice system .
It 's pretty gloomy stuff .
And for those of us who like to think that things took an upward turn in the late 1980s , prompted by the Macpherson inquiry into the death of Stephen Lawrence and all the changes it wrought , it seems a bit of a wake - up call .
It 's always hard to predict the future but we can say two things with reasonable certainty .
One is that things will get worse before they get better .
The problems afflicting communities of African - Caribbean origin have long ceased to cause ministers any sleepless nights .
There is too much petty crime within and involving our black communities .
But we do n't riot any more and we are n't intent on blowing things up .
We have long ceased to be needy minority group number one as far as the authorities are concerned .
Anyone expecting the government to change our situation - with cash or even with renewed attention - is going to have a long wait .
Even schemes born of good intentions , such as the government 's Sure Start programme , do n't have much impact on us .
This week an analysis concluded that the system is so bureaucratic as to represent a " substantial wasted opportunity " for black and other ethnic - minority families .
Some may have benefited , others not .
But there has been no meaningful evaluation , so no one knows .
And so the second thing to say is that as racism is n't going anywhere for the foreseeable future , we had better develop better coping strategies for dealing with it , as our parents had to do in the 1950s .
All the evidence is that those solutions are going to have to come from within : from the black - led organisations and voluntary groups ; from the black supplementary schools ; from the heavily supported and wealthy black churches ; from parents keeping their children in school - with or without the help of the authorities - and keeping them off the streets .
The Rev Al Sharpton , the American civil rights leader , is n't to everyone 's taste , but he has a saying that seems appropriate .
" If a man knocks you down , " he tells audiences , " that 's on them .
If you stay down , that 's on you . "
hugh.muir@theguardian.com
[ Xmonad ] ANNOUNCE : xmonad 0.3
The xmonad dev team is pleased to announce the 0.3 release of xmonad .
xmonad : a tiling window manager http://xmonad.org
About : xmonad is a tiling window manager for X. Windows are arranged automatically to tile the screen without gaps or overlap , maximising screen use .
All features of the window manager are accessible from the keyboard : a mouse is strictly optional .
xmonad is written and extensible in Haskell .
Custom layout algorithms , and other extensions , may be written by the user in config files .
Layouts are applied dynamically , and different layouts may be used on each workspace .
Xinerama is fully supported , allowing windows to be tiled on several screens .
Features : * Very stable , fast , small and simple .
* Automatic window tiling and management *
First class keyboard support : a mouse is unnecessary *
Full support for tiling windows on multi- head displays *
Full support for floating windows * XRandR support to rotate , add or remove monitors * Per - workspace layout algorithms * Per - screens custom status bars * Easy , powerful customisation and reconfiguration * Large extension library * Extensive documentation and support for hacking Since xmonad 0.2 , the following notable features and bug fixes have appeared : New features : * floating layer support : transients windows are not tiled by default , and windows may be dragged to and from a traditional floating layer ( which allows mouse - resizing , and overlapping windows ) .
* improved Xinerama support : workspace switching reuses multiple displays more effectively .
* huge new extension library .
Over 50 extensions to xmonad have been contributed by users , and are available all in a standard library , with documentation .
More information , screenshots , documentation and community resources are available from : http://xmonad.org
Xmonad is available from hackage , and via darcs .
Happy hacking !
The Xmonad Team : Spencer Janssen Don Stewart Jason Creighton Xmonad has also received contributions from at least : Alec Berryman Andrea Rossato Chris Mears Daniel Wagner David Glasser David Lazar David Roundy Hans Philipp Annen Joachim Fasting Joe Thornber Kai Grossjohann Karsten Schoelzel Michael Sloan Miikka Koskinen Neil Mitchell Nelson Elhage Nick Burlett Peter De Wachter Robert Marlow Sam Hughes Shachaf Ben-Kiki Shae Erisson Simon Peyton Jones Stefan O'Rear as well as many others on the IRC channel and mailing list .
Thanks to everyone !
For the last several months , the White House and its allies have had a consistent message : debating the merit of the war in Iraq is an inherently bad idea .
In February , when lawmakers were considering ( and passing ) a non-binding resolution criticizing the escalation strategy , Tony Snow went so far as to suggest that the debate itself brought “ comfort ” to terrorists .
A month later , when the House and Senate took up spending measures that included timelines for withdrawal , conservative war supporters said the very discussion sent a dangerous signal to the world , undermined the troops , and “ emboldened the enemy . ”
But when one cuts through the nonsense and the rhetoric , it looks like the Bush gang finds the Dems ’ efforts useful after all .
[ Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates said Tuesday that ] demands in the U.S. Congress for a timeline to withdraw American troops from Iraq are constructive because they exert pressure on Iraq ’s leaders to forge compromises .
“ The debate in Congress … has been helpful in demonstrating to the Iraqis that American patience is limited , ” Gates told Pentagon reporters traveling with him in Jordan .
“ The strong feelings expressed in the Congress about the timetable probably has had a positive impact … in terms of communicating to the Iraqis that this is not an open - ended commitment . ”
How about that , a “ positive impact . ”
For literally months , the White House and its congressional sycophants have been arguing the exact opposite — that dissent is dangerous , that our enemies are listening , and that our troops are undermined when there are political divisions over war policy .
But in reality , Dems are doing what the president refuses to do : pressuring Iraqis to step up .
The page has moved to the URL below .
http://d-p.2-d.jp/6ot/scifi/scroogled_by_cory_doctorow.html ↑こちらのページに中身を移しました。
スターをつけまし た
引用をストックしました ストック一覧を見る 閉じ る
引用するにはまずログインしてください ログイン 閉じる
引用をストックできませんでした。再度お試しください 閉じる
It is only the third time in OPEC ’s 47 - year history that such a high - level meeting has taken place .
The first was in Algiers , in 1975 , at the height of OPEC ’s nationalist period ; the second was in 2000 , when the oil cartel met in Venezuela to devise a strategy to increase prices after they had collapsed to about $ 10 a barrel in the late 1990s .
This meeting , which lasted less than 24 hours , was supposed to focus on long - term issues like the security of supplies and environmental policy .
The Saudis in particular sought to reassure the world that OPEC was a reliable oil supplier .
“ OPEC has made a point , from its establishment , to work for the stability of the oil markets , ” said the Saudi foreign minister , Prince Faisal , at a news conference after the close of the summit on Sunday .
“ Oil should be a tool of construction and development , not one of dispute . ”
Saudi Arabia also wanted to highlight a new emphasis on protecting the environment by announcing the establishment of a $ 750 million fund to reduce carbon emissions .
The kingdom will contribute $ 300 million for research into technology that captures carbon spewed by power plants or refineries and stores it underground .
In addition , Kuwait , the United Arab Emirates , and Qatar will provide $ 150 million each .
Oil producers see climate policies that focus on oil consumption as an unfair way to curb the use of fossil fuels worldwide .
By financing research into carbon emissions , Saudi Arabia says it is seeking ways to extend the use of petroleum resources at a time when global warming could lead to changes in consumer behavior in Western countries .
“ We want to continue using fossil fuels while protecting the environment , ” said Mohammad al - Sabban , a senior Saudi government adviser on climate change .
“ What we are worried about is for industrialized countries to use climate policy as a pretext to discriminate against oil . ”
Other ministers also expressed the more moderate views that typically emerge from an OPEC meeting .
Despite Mr. Ahmadinejad ’s statement about oil prices being paltry , officials from several other countries — including the United Arab Emirates , Nigeria and Saudi Arabia — said that prices were too high .
by
I ca n’t even face my 1.5 Mbps Internet connection now after reading this about Cyberport Hongkong ’s 10 gigabit Ethernet network that will provide wireless and wired Internet access to residents and businesses .
Cyberport – Hong Kong ’s IT flagship – is a US $ 2 billion landmark project managed by Hong Kong Cyberport Management Company Limited and wholly owned by the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region ( HKSAR ) .
The project is being developed on a 24 - hectare site at Telegraph Bay in the southern district of Hong Kong Island .
It comprises four office buildings , a five - star hotel , a retail entertainment complex and a deluxe residential development , aiming at creating an interactive environment that will be home to a strategic cluster of about 100 IT companies and 10,000 IT professionals .
The project is being completed in phases from mid-2002 to 2007 .
The idea is to provide “ bandwidth freeway ” for Cyberport ’s tenants , local IT companies and professionals to develop , test , and run a wide variety of next - generation applications in information technology ( IT ) and digital content creation , management and delivery .
Of course , just having very fast Internet connections does not guarantee that a lot of compelling products and services with emerge from Cyberport ’s breeding grounds .
But it is a clever way to attract companies from all over the world to set up operations in Hongkong .
The network forms the backbone of the Digital Media Centre which offers facilities and equipment for graphics rendering , animation , motion capture , and high - definition video ; the one - stop wireless applications development , testing and delivery platform of the Wireless Development Centre ; and the iResource Centre that offers access to thousands of archived digital contents , at Cyberport .
IP telephony , wireless networks , and broadcast - quality ( MPEG 2 ) TV video over IP will be deployed throughout the Cyberport area .
Cyberport will be using Cisco equipment .
Tammie Murphy , 32 , often finds checks , coupons and a fair amount of junk mail in the more than 700 envelopes she opens each day as a donations clerk at St. Jude Children 's Research Hospital here .
But last Thursday , toward the end of her work day , Ms. Murphy found something she had never seen in her nine years on the job : a winning card from a McDonald 's lottery - type game worth $ 1 million .
The colorful 12 - inch - square card arrived in a plain white envelope , addressed to the hospital in blue ink .
There was no indication of who sent it : no return address , no accompanying note .
But it was postmarked from Dallas on Nov. 24 , the day after Thanksgiving .
That was the day after the McDonald 's game , Monopoly , began .
At first , Ms. Murphy thought the card was just more junk mail and was about to throw it away .
Then , she said today , " The words ' instant winner ' really caught my eye . "
Ms. Murphy ran to her supervisor , Anita Williams , and joked , " Look girl , I 'm a winner , " waving the card around .
Ms. Murphy said she never considered keeping it for herself because she knew the donation was meant for the hospital , which treats thousands of children from all over the world for catastrophic diseases , most notably cancer .
Duke Nukem Forever Teaser Releasing Tomorrow ;
This is Real and We Are Not Shitting You Prepare to hail to the king , baby .
Prepare to hail to the king , baby .
George Broussard of 3D Realms has confirmed on his company 's official forums that a teaser trailer for the long ( long , long ) awaited Duke Nukem Forever will be released tomorrow around noon Central time .
( Update : Now released ! )
Though the video is just a minute - long teaser , it will contain gameplay footage , and Broussard promised more on Duke Nukem Forever is on the way .
Along with the announcement came a single teaser screenshot of Duke .
" Last Saturday we had our annual company Christmas party .
It was a lot of fun as usual but it featured one special surprise , " explained Broussard .
" It turns out that several people had been secretly working late nights and into the wee hours of the morning preparing a special video for those at the party .
They created a short teaser for Duke Nukem Forever .
After seeing the teaser we thought it was something we should share with all of you and while it 's just a teaser , rest assured more is coming . "
Broussard confirmed that Duke Nukem 3D voice actor Jon St. John is returning to play his titular role , and credited noted video game music composers Jeremy and Julian Soule .
This will mark the first new Duke Nukem Forever video in six years , when 3D Realms released the now - classic E3 2001 trailer .
Folks might have snickered and sneered before -- and still might be -- but India 's Tata appears to be in the catbird seat for the chance to gobble up Jaguar and Land Rover .
After the other Indian bidder , Mahindra & Mahindra , dropped out because of a questions over the Ford parts supply , the two bidders left are Tata and One Equity Partners .
Tata is being advised by Fiat in the bid , and One Equity is the private investment firm whose bid is led by former Ford exec Jac Nasser .
The British trade union Unite , which represents workers from both brands , met with the bidders and -- while it still opposes the sale entirely -- declared that " based on serving the best interests of the union members at Jaguar - Land Rover , the stewards agreed that Tata best fits these criteria . "
Tata has apparently agreed to keeping top management in place , as well as keeping jobs in England .
The position , while at one time surprising , makes sense .
Tata is looking for European expertise and development , and the kind of knowledge that Nasser surely believes he already has .
The unions , though , also said that Tata had a better cash and resource position in their opinion than did One Equity .
That could be very important , if true , because Ford will have no part of the companies after they are sold , so whoever buys will need to be able to pay for or develop new parts .
The question now is : if it comes down to a choice , does Ford do what 's best for Jag and Rover , or what 's best for Ford ?
[ Source : Auto Industry UK ]
Beijing has just reported its worst pollution for June in seven years
The move followed pressure from Beijing , which believes the material is too sensitive and could lead to social unrest , said the UK's Financial Times .
It said information was cut from the forthcoming report after requests from two Chinese government departments .
The World Bank told the BBC the final version had not yet been finalised .
But a statement added : " [ A preliminary ] version of the report did not include some of the issues that are still under discussion . "
The Financial Times said the Bank report , entitled ' Cost of Pollution in China ' , found up to 760,000 people die prematurely each year in China because of air and water pollution .
High levels of air pollution in China 's cities leads to 350,000 - 400,000 premature deaths , it said .
Another 300,000 die because of poor - quality air indoors .
The newspaper article , quoting World Bank advisers and Chinese officials , also said research showing that there are 60,000 premature deaths each year because of poor - quality water was also left out of the report .
' Social unrest '
" The World Bank was told that it could not publish this information .
It was too sensitive and could cause social unrest , " one adviser to the study told the Financial Times .
It said the bank " reluctantly " agreed to take out the sensitive information .
The World Bank told the BBC that information for the report , which is being compiled in conjunction with the Chinese government , was still under review .
CHINA'S EMISSIONS
Between 1994 and 2004 , China 's greenhouse gas emissions grew by 4 % a year China currently depends on coal to meet two - thirds of its energy needs
It hopes to raise its use of renewable energy from 7 % to 10 % by 2010 China may overtake the US as the world 's largest emitter of greenhouse gases by the end of this year
A World Bank spokeswoman refused to say whether or not statistics about premature deaths were amongst the information taken out of the initial version .
Despite the apparent dispute over figures , the preliminary World Bank report published in March suggests air and water pollution do lead to an increased number of deaths in China .
It also says the total cost of air and water pollution in the country amounts to about 5.8 % of gross domestic product .
According to the Financial Times , China 's State Environmental Protection Administration ( Sepa ) and its health ministry asked the World Bank to cut out the reference to the specific number of pollution - related deaths .
The BBC could not reach anyone at Sepa to comment on the issue .
But the government department is certainly aware of China 's pollution problems .
Last month it said about 60 % of Chinese cities regularly suffer from air pollution and have no centralised sewage treatment facilities .
The final World Bank report is due to be released soon .
The organisation has previously said that China is home to 16 of the world 's 20 most - polluted cities .
Movements for Internet Active Users ( MIAU ) は、
インターネットやデジタル機器等の、技術発展や利用者の利便性に関わる分野における、意見の表明・知識の普及
などの活動を行うことを目的とするユーザー協会です。
' Pakistan spent bulk of US aid on confronting India '
November 21 , 2007 02:12 IST
Pakistan has used a significant portion of the US aid since September 11 attack to arm itself for a confrontation with India instead of conducting war on terrorism , says a strategic think tank .
Most of the $ 10 billion US aid is supposed to compensate the Pakistani government for sending its 80,000 or so soldiers to the Northwest Frontier Province and providing support to the US war in Afghanistan .
However the money has been used for procuring high - tech weaponry to arm the military for its confrontation with India , the Center for Strategic and International Studies ( CSIS ) has said .
" We found that that the Pakistani military has been using that money and the majority of our direct military assistance for the purchase of high - tech weaponry such as the F - 16 fighters , " senior adviser in the CSIS Frederick ( Rick ) Barton said .
" It appears that the Pakistan military is continuing to arm more for its confrontation with India than it is for the war on terror because these weapons really do n't have that much application for the kinds of low - grade persistent Taliban fighters and al Qaida fighters that you find in the Northwest part of Pakistan , " Barton told the National Public Radio .
Urging Washington to make a more strategic use of the money it gives Pakistan , Barton said , " If we had wise approach to war on terror , we would have found ways to align ourselves more with the Pakistan people .
Because the only way you can deal this kind of insurgency is to have the people on your side and to not have the people harbouring the insurgents . "
One of the key points that the CSIS study pointed out was that the US needs to re-establish a whole new kind of relationship with Pakistan , Barton said .
In the 90s , the US stayed away from Pakistan for 10 years , following Pakistan 's nuclear weapons development .
He said Pakistan deserved a great deal of attention , which the US has never done .
" We constantly flush them with money , then head for exists and none of those approaches really work . ''
He said only 10 per cent of the aid had gone to education and humanitarian causes and the majority of that went in response to the earthquake where tens and thousands of people were killed .
The US gave direct humanitarian assistance and military assistance and as a result the US public support in Pakistan went up from about 25 per cent to well over 50 per cent .
'' None of these polls mean that much , but part of what we want to do as a country is to make it clear that we are on the side of the people , not just the powerful , '' said Barton .
He said America 's second - largest area of humanitarian expense was in education , but there again the US is trying to do a million different things rather than focusing on particular areas where it might have higher impact .
Barton said during their work they found that what the Pakistani education system really needed was bucking up on the teacher workforce .
The reason a lot of people send their children in Pakistan to madrasas is that the local public schools do n't exist or if they do , teachers do n't show up because they do n't get paid .
'' If we can get the teacher force working in a constructive way in that country , you will probably be able to reach the 50 per cent of the population that is under 20 . ''
Barton said that the US could not walk away from Pakistan as it had tried that before and the conditions did not get better .
However , the US did need to be smarter in dealing with Pakistan .
'' We should look to the provinces .
There are four provinces that are not particularly happy with the central government model .
We should not be working through Islamabad all the time .
'' I think we can a constructive influence on this country and help them through a vital transition .
If this transition does not go well , we have huge problems in the most populated part of the world and that is n't a good situation when three of the eight nuclear powers are also right there . ''
Rogier says :
( Click on thumbnail for enlargement )
The London police force clearly has the graphic - design edge , but the Chicago Police Department matches if not outshines the British bobbies for the ardor and toxic nuttiness with which it propagates anti-terrorist paranoia .
Click on the image to read which categories of people are considered suspects now .
You might want to duct - tape your jaw to your face first ( be careful not to do this in public ; I 'm sure the cops consider duct tape highly fishy too ) .
Like the London example , this flyer is genuine .
You can find it on the City of Chicago 's website here .
If terrorists do their dirty work by spreading , well , terror , what should we call public servants who aggressively promote fear and unhinged suspicions by telling the public to report note takers , binoculars users , camera enthusiasts , map owners , and motorists who time traffic lights ?
MIT researchers have developed a new algorithm to help create prosthetic devices that convert brain signals into action in patients who have been paralyzed or had limbs amputated .
The technique , described in a paper published as the cover article in the October edition of the Journal of Neurophysiology , unifies seemingly disparate approaches taken by experimental groups that prototype these neural prosthetic devices in animals or humans .
" The work represents an important advance in our understanding of how to construct algorithms in neural prosthetic devices for people who cannot move to act or speak , " said Lakshminarayan " Ram " Srinivasan ( S.M. , Ph.D. 2006 ) , lead author of the paper .
Srinivasan , currently a postdoctoral researcher at the Center for Nervous System Repair at Massachusetts General Hospital and a medical student in the Harvard - MIT Division of Health Sciences and Technology ( HST ) , began working on the algorithm while a graduate student in MIT 's Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science ( EECS ) .
Trauma and disease can lead to paralysis or amputation , reducing the ability to move or talk despite the capacity to think and form intentions .
In spinal cord injuries , strokes , and diseases such as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ( Lou Gehrig 's disease ) , the neurons that carry commands from the brain to muscle can be injured .
In amputation , both nerves and muscle are lost .
Neural prosthetic devices represent an engineer 's approach to treating paralysis and amputation .
Here , electronics are used to monitor the neural signals that reflect an individual 's intentions for the prosthesis or computer they are trying to use .
Algorithms form the link between neural signals that are recorded and the user 's intentions that are decoded to drive the prosthetic device .
Over the past decade , efforts at prototyping these devices have divided along various boundaries related to brain regions , recording modalities , and applications .
The MIT technique provides a common framework that underlies all these various efforts .
The research uses a method called graphical models that has been widely applied to problems in computer science like speech - to - text or automated video analysis .
The graphical models used by the MIT team are diagrams composed of circles and arrows that represent how neural activity results from a person 's intentions for the prosthetic device they are using .
The diagrams represent the mathematical relationship between the person 's intentions and the neural manifestation of that intention , whether the intention is measured by an electoencephalography ( EEG ) , intracranial electrode arrays or optical imaging .
These signals could come from a number of brain regions , including cortical or subcortical structures .
Until now , researchers working on brain prosthetics have used different algorithms depending on what method they were using to measure brain activity .
The new model is applicable no matter what measurement technique is used , according to Srinivasan .
" We do n't need to reinvent a new paradigm for each modality or brain region , " he said .
Srinivasan is quick to underscore that many challenges remain in designing neural prosthetic algorithms before they are available for people to use .
While the algorithm is unifying , it is not universal : the algorithm consolidates multiple avenues of development in prostheses , but it is n't the final and only approach these researchers expect to see in the years to come .
Moreover , energy efficiency and robustness are key considerations for any portable , implantible bio-electronic device .
Through a better quantitative understanding of how the brain normally controls movement and the mechanisms of disease , he hopes these devices could one day allow for a level of dexterity depicted in movies , such as actor Will Smith 's mechanical arm in the movie , " I , Robot . "
The gap between existing prototypes and that final goal is wide .
Translating an algorithm into a fully functioning clinical device will require a great deal of work , but also represents an intriguing road of scientific and engineering development for the years to come .
Other authors on the paper are Uri Eden ( Ph.D. 2005 ) , assistant professor in mathematics and statistics at Boston University ; Sanjoy Mitter , professor in EECS and MIT 's Engineering Systems Division ; and Emery Brown , professor in brain and cognitive sciences , HST , and anesthesia and critical care at Massachusetts General Hospital .
The cover image for the October issue of Journal of Neurophysiology that depicts this research was designed by Rene Chen ( B.S. 2007 ) and Eric Pesanelli .
This work was sponsored by the National Institutes of Health and the National Science Foundation .
A version of this article appeared in MIT Tech Talk on October 3 , 2007 ( download PDF ) .
Former Arizona Governor Fife Symington will be moderating a November 12 event at the National Press Club where he will discuss the Phoenix Lights incident .
He says he will be joined by 14 former high - ranking military and government officials from seven countries who will share evidence from what they call their own UFO experiences and investigations .
Fife Symington says he nearly had a close encounter while governor of Arizona .
( CNN ) --
In 1997 , during my second term as governor of Arizona , I saw something that defied logic and challenged my reality .
I witnessed a massive delta - shaped , craft silently navigate over Squaw Peak , a mountain range in Phoenix , Arizona .
It was truly breathtaking .
I was absolutely stunned because I was turning to the west looking for the distant Phoenix Lights .
To my astonishment this apparition appeared ; this dramatically large , very distinctive leading edge with some enormous lights was traveling through the Arizona sky .
As a pilot and a former Air Force Officer , I can definitively say that this craft did not resemble any man-made object I 'd ever seen .
And it was certainly not high - altitude flares because flares do n't fly in formation .
The incident was witnessed by hundreds -- if not thousands -- of people in Arizona , and my office was besieged with phone calls from very concerned Arizonians .
The growing hysteria intensified when the story broke nationally .
I decided to lighten the mood of the state by calling a press conference where my chief of staff arrived in an alien costume .
We managed to lessen the sense of panic but , at the same time , upset many of my constituents .
I would now like to set the record straight .
I never meant to ridicule anyone .
My office did make inquiries as to the origin of the craft , but to this day they remain unanswered .
Eventually the Air Force claimed responsibility stating that they dropped flares .
This is indicative of the attitude from official channels .
We get explanations that fly in the face of the facts .
Explanations like weather balloons , swamp gas and military flares .
I was never happy with the Air Force 's silly explanation .
There might very well have been military flares in the sky that evening , but what I and hundreds of others saw had nothing to do with that .
I now know that I am not alone .
There are many high - ranking military , aviation and government officials who share my concerns .
While on active duty , they have either witnessed a UFO incident or have conducted an official investigation into UFO cases relevant to aviation safety and national security .
By speaking out with me , these people are putting their reputations on the line .
They have fought in wars , guarded top secret weapons arsenals and protected our nation 's skies .
We want the government to stop putting out stories that perpetuate the myth that all UFOs can be explained away in down - to - earth conventional terms .
Investigations need to be re-opened , documents need to be unsealed and the idea of an open dialogue can no longer be shunned .
Incidents like these are not going away .
About a year ago , Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport experienced a UFO event that made national and international headlines .
What I saw in the Arizona sky goes beyond conventional explanations .
When it comes to events of this nature that are still completely unsolved , we deserve more openness in government , especially our own .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .
E-mail to a friend
OTTAWA ( Reuters ) - The Street View feature of Google Maps , with its close - up views of city streets and recognizable shots of people , could violate a Canadian law protecting individual privacy , officials said on Wednesday .
A convention attendee talks on a cell phone as he views a display of Google Maps at SIGGRAPH 2007 in San Diego , California August 9 , 2007 .
The Street View feature of Google Maps , with its close - up views of city streets and recognizable shots of people , could violate a Canadian law protecting individual privacy , officials said on Wednesday .
REUTERS / Mike Blake
Google Inc introduced street - level map views in May , giving Web users a series of panoramic , 360 - degree images of nine U.S. cities .
Some of the random pictures feature people in informal poses who can clearly be identified .
Canada ’s Privacy Commissioner Jennifer Stoddart wrote to Google in early August asking for more details .
She said if the Street View product were expanded to Canada without being amended , it could well violate privacy laws .
The images were produced in partnership with Canadian firm Immersive Media Corp , which says it has taken similar street level pictures of major Canadian cities .
Canadian law obliges businesses wishing to disclose personal information about individuals to first obtain their consent .
Stoddart said pictures of people on Street View were clear enough to be considered personal information .
“ The images ... appear to have been collected largely without the consent and knowledge of the individuals who appear in the images , ” wrote Stoddart .
“ I am concerned that , if the Street View application were deployed in Canada , it might not comply with our federal privacy legislation .
In particular , it does not appear to meet the basic requirements of ( the law ) . ”
Stoddart sent a similar letter to Immersive Media and the documents were posted on her Web site , www.privcom.gc.ca/.
A spokeswoman for Google said the company abides by the local laws of the countries it operates in .
“ This imagery is several months old and is no different from what any person can readily capture or see walking down the street , ” she said by e-mail .
She did not say whether Google planned to expand the service into Canada .
Stoddart said that although people could request their image be removed from Street View , this was not enough to meet Canada ’s 2004 personal information protection act .
“ From our our point of view , if you spot yourself and you perceive that as a violation of your privacy rights , then the act has already been violated , ” said Colin McKay , a spokesman for the privacy commissioner ’s office .
Stoddart did not give either firm a deadline .
If Google launched Street View in Canada without taking privacy laws into account , Stoddart could launch an official investigation , said McKay .
“ We thought we ’d get out in advance of any implementation and ask them how they were going to take into account Canadian privacy rights , ” he said .
Investigations usually end with the commissioner working with companies to issue findings and recommendations .
“ ( Speaking ) hypothetically , I do n’t think we ’d lean toward a cease and desist ( order ) , we ’d lean toward enforcing privacy rights .
There are many ways of taking photographs of a street without taking pictures of everyone there -- film companies do it all the time by blocking off streets , ” said McKay .
Welcome
Welcome to my blog .
Enjoy your reading here .
Please Bookmark for future update .
The full - screen version plays the programs at double the regular playback size .
Because this requires additional processing power , some older computers may not play the full - screen option smoothly .
For technical reasons , full - screen is only available in QuickTime .
If you experience difficulty viewing , it may be due to high demand .
We regret this , and suggest you try back at another time .
Note that NOVA programs are not available for downloading due to rights restrictions .
Technical Help | Feedback | Program Credits | Program Transcripts | For Teachers
watch chapter 1 in
QuickTime full - screen
Today , Einstein 's goal of combining the physical laws of the universe in one theory that explains it all is the Holy Grail of modern physics .
running time 6:21
watch chapter 1 in
QuickTime full - screen
In order to solve some of the deepest mysteries of the universe , the rules that govern large objects like galaxies must be combined with the rules that govern small objects like subatomic particles .
running time 8:26
watch chapter 1 in
QuickTime full - screen
String theory is radically changing our ideas about the nature of space , opening up the possibility that extra dimensions , rips in the fabric of space , and parallel universes actually exist .
running time 10:02
watch chapter 2 in
QuickTime full - screen
Although Newton discovered the law of gravity nearly 300 years ago , until Einstein came along , scientists had no idea how gravity actually worked .
running time 6:04
watch chapter 2 in
QuickTime full - screen
Many physicists now believe that strings — miniscule vibrating strands of energy thought to make up all matter — hold the key to uniting the world of the large and the world of the small in a single theory .
running time 4:40
watch chapter 2 in
QuickTime full - screen
Strings provide a unified framework for viewing the universe , but for a while , confusingly , there were five different versions of string theory .
running time 4:09
watch chapter 3 in
QuickTime full - screen
Einstein 's success in explaining gravity as warps and curves in the fabric of space and time set him on a quest to unify gravity with electricity and magnetism .
running time 7:11
watch chapter 3 in
QuickTime full - screen
In the 1960s , physicists caught a glimpse of what appeared to be strange , string - like objects hidden beneath the abstract symbols of a 200 - year - old equation .
running time 4:12
watch chapter 3 in
QuickTime full - screen
What physicists thought were five different theories turned out to be five different ways of looking at the same thing .
String theory was unified at last .
running time 5:21
watch chapter 4 in
QuickTime full - screen
As Einstein struggled to unite the weak force of gravity with the much stronger force of electromagnetism , physics moved on , examining the bizarre way tiny bits of matter interact with one another inside the atom .
running time 4:30
watch chapter 4 in
QuickTime full - screen
Meanwhile , mainstream science was embracing particles as points , not strings , and the Standard Model was born , uniting the strong force , the weak force , and electromagnetism .
running time 6:36
watch chapter 4 in
QuickTime full - screen
The extra dimension of space required to unify string theory suggests that we may be trapped on just one tiny slice of a higher - dimensional universe .
running time 5:03
watch chapter 5 in
QuickTime full - screen
According to quantum mechanics , at the tiny scale of atoms and particles , the world is a game of chance .
running time 8:24
watch chapter 5 in
QuickTime full - screen
By the 1970s , a few young physicists worked on taming the unruly equations of string theory and succeeded in describing how gravity works in the subatomic world , a key element missing from the Standard Model .
running time 7:18
watch chapter 5 in
QuickTime full - screen
The weakness of gravity compared to the other forces has confounded physicists for decades , but now string theorists believe that gravity may be leaking into parallel universes .
running time 5:58
watch chapter 6 in
QuickTime full - screen
For decades , no one could figure out how gravity operates when you get down to the quantum world of atoms and subatomic particles .
running time 4:25
watch chapter 6 in
QuickTime full - screen
A revised version of string theory , free of mathematical inconsistencies , seemed capable of describing all the building blocks of nature , and it launched a hot new field of physics .
running time 5:29
watch chapter 6 in
QuickTime full - screen
The origin of the universe has always been a mysterious event in which the laws of physics appear to break down .
Could it be that the big bang was caused by the collision of two parallel universes ?
running time 7:37
watch chapter 7 in
QuickTime full - screen
Now string theory — the idea that everything is made of tiny , vibrating strands of energy — holds out the hope of unifying the world of the very large and the world of the very small .
running time 7:58
watch chapter 7 in
QuickTime full - screen
Despite our perception that we live in a universe with four dimensions — three spatial and one temporal — string theory demands that our universe has 11 dimensions .
running time 6:57
watch chapter 7 in
QuickTime full - screen
The hunt is on for evidence that supports string theory — for example , extra dimensions or supersymmetry .
running time 6:29
The Book Review has selected this list from books reviewed since the Holiday Books issue of Dec. 3 , 2006 .
Fiction & Poetry
THE ABSTINENCE TEACHER .
By Tom Perrotta .
( St. Martin’s , $ 24.95 . )
In this new novel by the author of “ Little Children , ” a sex -ed teacher faces off against a church bent on ridding her town of “ moral decay . ”
AFTER DARK .
By Haruki Murakami .
Translated by Jay Rubin . ( Knopf , $ 22.95 . )
A tale of two sisters , one awake all night , one asleep for months .
THE BAD GIRL .
By Mario Vargas Llosa .
Translated by Edith Grossman .
( Farrar , Straus & Giroux , $ 25 . )
This suspenseful novel transforms “ Madame Bovary ” into a vibrant exploration of the urban mores of the 1960s , ’70s and ’ 80s .
Cam Marston thinks American workers are changing their minds .
Older generations have worked as though employers own their time–but
the up - and - coming workers believe they ’re the keepers of their time ,
said Marston , a consultant specializing in multigenerational
communications .
" The baby boomers ’ and Matures ’ attitude was :
The company owns my time ,
and I move for them as they need me , " he said .
" Gen Xers and Yers say ,
‘ I own my time , and I give you what you need based on the job that
needs to be done . "
Do You Know What You 're Worth ?
GET A FREE PAY REPORT
Meanwhile , a recent survey by the Kenexa Research Institute shows
workers who telecommute–and ostensibly own their time–are the most
loyal and satisfied .
Is this all pointing toward a more flexible workplace ?
Boomers vs. Gens X and Y
Marston elaborated in an e-mail exchange on the notion of who owns workers ’ time .
While boomers probably would n’t say a company owns their time , they act that way , he said :
They stay late .
They come in early .
They relocate .
They are , largely , obedient to the company ’s needs around time .
They forfeit vacation .
Forfeit children ’s events , etc. Now–I ’m playing a big generalization here –that all Boomers are the same .
Not true , of course , but I think they ’d identify with this idea .
And as for their younger counterparts ?
I think they ’d say that yes , they do own their time .
They want to be much more in control of their schedule and their life , particularly their life outside of work .
Since the company can’t honestly promise lifetime loyalty , X and Y believe that the big sacrifices made by the previous generation were too high and the way to NOT make that big a sacrifice is to control their time .
Marston said the shift , already underway , is a good thing .
For the Boomers , this shift would lead to a better understanding of the Gen X and Y attitudes towards their work which would lead to a better understanding of how to recruit , retain , and manage their workforce .
How to keep them happy .
But lacking this shift continues the struggle between X and Y with their bosses .
Marston is right .
These days workers are likely to hold more jobs–and careers –than baby boomers did .
Our economy and the way we work are changing .
That does n’t mean a strong work ethic has suddenly vanished , or that all American workers are morphing into a bunch of slackers .
It simply means we must embrace the changes and capitalize on them , boosting productivity and the bottom line while keeping workers happy .
As a member of Generation X , I support what Marston said : I believe I ’m the best keeper of my time .
And as someone who works remotely , I also support the Kenexa study ’s findings –I ’m more productive and satisfied in my work than ever .
Some Good Reasons to Telecommute
According to a Wall Street Journal story on the Kenexa study :
In the poll of about 10,000 U.S. workers , 73 % of remote and home - based workers said they were satisfied with their company as a place to work , compared with 64 % of office workers .
In addition , 70 % of the telecommuters said they were “ proud to tell people I work for my company , ” while only 64 % of office workers agreed with that statement .
The survey was conducted by the Kenexa Research Institute , a unit of Kenexa Corp. , a recruitment and retention consulting firm .
“ When companies allow employees to work remotely or from home , they are explicitly communicating to them that ‘ I trust you to be dedicated to the accomplishment of the work , even if I ’m not able to observe you doing it , ’ ” says Jack Wiley , executive director of the institute , which is in Minneapolis .
“ It boils down to respect , ” he says .
“ I respect you and I have confidence in your commitment to the work — to do this under the conditions and at the time you feel will be most productive for you . ”
Still , only 4 percent of those surveyed work from home or remotely , “ a percentage that has remained fairly steady for years . ”
Corbis
FEW scientific fields are as fraught with risk as that of research into human intelligence .
The two questions that arise over and over again are “ is it a result of nature or nurture ? ” and “ to the extent it is nature , does race make a difference ? ”
Making stupid comments about the second question can be a career - killing move , as James Watson , a co-discoverer of the structure of DNA , recently found .
He suggested that he was “ inherently gloomy about the prospect of Africa ” because “ all our social policies are based on the fact that their intelligence is the same as ours [ presumably he meant white people ] — whereas all the testing says not really ” .
Such remarks are not merely offensive , they are scientifically weird .
If the term race has any useful scientific meaning , then Africa , the continent where modern humanity began , is the most racially diverse place on the planet .
The resulting hoo - ha caused Dr Watson to be eased out of the chancellorship of Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory , near New York , where he had worked for almost 40 years .
Fortunately , the study of links between intelligence and genetics has some wiser practitioners than Dr Watson .
One of them , Terrie Moffitt , of King 's College , London , has just supervised a project investigating the first perennial question — the relative importance of nature and nurture .
The result , published this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , neatly illustrates how complex the subject really is .
It also shows how the hoary old thesis and antithesis of genetics and upbringing combine in a most intriguing synthesis .
Suck it and see
Dr Moffitt 's team ( the actual work was led by her colleague , Avshalom Caspi ) looked at the effect on intelligence of breastfeeding , but in a genetic context .
Several studies in the past have shown that breastfed children are more intelligent , by about six IQ points , than those given baby formulas — an open - and - shut case , it might appear , of nurture trumping nature .
Dr Caspi and Dr Moffitt , however , were not so sure .
They suspected the involvement of a gene called FADS2 .
This regulates the metabolism of a group of molecules called long - chain polyunsaturated fatty acids .
These are important for the growth of nerve cells and are abundant in human milk but generally absent from formulas .
FADS2 comes in two varieties , known as C and G , and the researchers wondered if these two varieties interacted differently with breast milk .
To find out , they drew on data from two groups of people , one in New Zealand and one in Britain .
Each of these groups is an annual cohort ( in other words , their members were all born in the same twelve - month period ) established for just this sort of long - term medical investigation .
Data have been collected on the members of each for years ( the New Zealanders were born between April 1972 and March 1973 ; the Brits in 1994 and 1995 ) .
Indeed , Dr Moffitt has already used the New Zealand group to show how a violent family upbringing and different versions of another neurologically important gene interact to produce more and less violent people .
What Dr Caspi and Dr Moffitt found was that the increase in intelligence associated with breastfeeding only happened to people who had inherited at least one copy of the C version of FADS2 .
( Most genes are present as two copies , one inherited from the mother and one from the father . )
The effect did not depend on the social classes or IQs of the parents , nor on the birthweight of the child in question ( low birthweight has been linked to lower IQ ) .
And the difference in IQ was preserved into adulthood .
Only about 10 % of the population is double - G , but what is curious about this result is that the G version of the gene has survived at all .
If intelligence is valuable , the C version might be expected to have become universal .
Indeed , this is the nub of the nurturists ' argument .
Natural selection should have pushed intelligence genes as far as they will go , so all variation should be environmental .
That it is not suggests there is some unknown countervailing advantage — at least in reproductive terms — to being less than averagely bright .
It is a nice irony , given the traditional association of the naturist position with eugenic arguments , that if variation in intelligence really is caused by underlying genetic variation , then the dull are as evolutionarily fit as the clever .
But that is the logical conclusion .
Drop what you 're doing , friend .
Cloaking devices are real now , meaning all we need are force fields and some spandex jumpsuits and we 'll be bonafide dwellers of the future .
The good news comes to us from physicists at the University of Maryland , lead by Igor Smolyaninov , who successfully cloaked a 10 micron gold ring by bending two dimensions of visible light .
This follows up successful research last year that had worked out an invisibility cloak in the electromagnetic spectrum , but is still a far cry from a true 3D cloaking device , since such an object would have to bend light waves both magnetically and electronically simultaneously -- this 2D model is just pushing around " surface plasmons " created out of the light waves .
While the tech probably wo n't make the jump to 3D cloaking , it might be used in computer chips or as a replacement for fiber optics some time down the road , which we suppose is alright .
So , you brought home a new Internet Troll .
Congratulations !
If you are a first timer having a troll , you may have questions .
Here are a few suggestions so that you and your troll can live in karmic balance .
Now remember , each troll is different and your results may vary .
However , this primer should help you get on your way .
Welcome to the world of having a troll !
How do I refer to my troll now that I have him / her ?
First , your troll may show up already named .
Yet , you will find the “ pre-fab ” names to be rather unoriginal such as Annonymous [ sic ] , ihateyou or yousuck .
Never fear , you can always change their name .
If this is your first troll , I find that it is best to give him / her a soothing , happy name to remind you that they are really just helpless , sad creatures .
A good name can make all the difference !
I recommend something like FluffyLoveBunny or Silly Billy Chickie Boo .
How scary is that ?
Not so much .
So your troll has a name !
Congratulations !
You are on your way !
How do I discipline my new troll ?
Now as trolls are known to do , yours may act up from time to time .
He or she may get down right nasty and vicious towards you .
Remember :
That is in their nature .
They are inbred to act that way .
It is just NOT their fault .
( And rumor has it most of them were dropped on their head often as tiny , baby trolls . )
Of course , your first instinct as you get used to your new troll is to lash out and want to punish them for being so incorrigible .
That would be your first mistake !
It only encourages their behavior .
The best way to keep your little FluffyBunnyLove in harmony with you and your home is to ignore him or her .
Unlike their human counterparts , neglect keeps trolls temperamentally neutral .
Allowing them to see your anger or pain at their behavior merely encourages them to keep it up and makes them raging mean .
Neglect .
Ignore .
Restore ( the balance ) .
Those are the keys to disciplining your new troll .
Now that I have a new troll , what do I feed him ?
Like any wild animal , it is important to understand the indigenous nature of their diet .
Your new troll may try to convince you that the best thing you can feed him is a diet of your anger , frustration and pain .
Do n’t listen .
As any child can tell you , they will try to get away with anything they possibly can .
It would be a mistake to listen to them .
Your anger , frustration and pain is their main source of nutrition and growth and – unlike human beings who need good nutrition and growth to survive– it is vital that trolls maintain a steady diet of ambivalence and ignorant bliss to maintain their puny stature .
As much as you want to punish him or her , remember that little FluffyLoveBunny needs to be ignored after he or she comes home with you .
A steady diet of neglect will keep you living in harmony with your new troll !
Where do I keep my new troll ?
That is a great ( and normal ) question !
As with any troll , he or she will want to be front and center in your life .
He or she will want your never - ending attention at all times .
It is their nature .
However , to live successfully with your new troll , you must remember to keep him or her locked in a corner or sitting so far in the back of the room that you forget he or she is there .
Remember : Neglect makes this work !
Do n’t feel guilt .
It is how this relationship was meant to be .
What if my troll runs away from me and never returns ?
Does this mean I failed as a troll owner ?
Absolutely not !
In fact , just the opposite .
If your troll gives up in frustration and leaves you for another , that simply means you have done a good job in the care and feeding of your troll .
Pat yourself on the back .
You deserve it !
However , remember this :
The troll population is diverse and re-spawns quickly .
Do n’t get too comfortable .
Before you know it , another troll may follow you home .
But , with this handy primer , you will be ready for the care and feeding of your troll !
Good luck with your new troll !
May your journey be swift and painless !
tags : internet trolls , trolls , how to handle a troll , NaBloPoMo
— –
The Cambridge settlement also involves a document called the “ Golden Chain , ” a list of 20 wealthy Saudi donors , including the bin Mahfouz family , that was found in a 2002 raid on the Sarajevo offices of an Islamic charity .
In “ Alms for Jihad , ” the authors say the document was a list of Qaeda financiers , an assertion also made in several other news accounts .
Bin Mahfouz ’s lawyers counter that he himself was never included on the list ; that even according to United States prosecutors , the list was of donors to the mujahedeen , not to Al Qaeda ; and that the document was deemed inadmissible as evidence in cases in England and America , where judges in both places ruled it was not proof of support for Al Qaeda .
In its apology , Cambridge said it accepted “ that at no time has any member ” of the bin Mahfouz family “ contributed to any terrorist organization , nor has the family ever had reason to believe that funds it has given over the years to a wide variety of charities ... have been used other than for the charitable purposes intended . ”
Kevin Taylor , of Cambridge ’s legal team , said a challenge to bin Mahfouz ’s case would have been “ absurd , suicidal and not in anyone ’s interest , ” since the courts had found some of the same statements defamatory before .
Taylor said the press would now be more vigilant in its fact - checking and would consider “ toning down statements ” so “ such actions wo n’t stick , even under English libel law . ”
“ Our basic academic principles have not been undermined by this , ” he said .
“ It ’s more about process . ”
Meanwhile , Rachel Ehrenfeld has refused to acknowledge the English ruling that awarded bin Mahfouz $ 225,900 in damages and ordered her to apologize and destroy all copies of “ Funding Evil . ”
An independent researcher who directs the American Center for Democracy , a group that “ monitors and exposes the enemies of freedom , ” Ehrenfeld said she did n’t have the resources to contest the case .
Instead , she has asked a federal court in Manhattan to rule that the English libel judgment is unenforceable in New York , on the grounds that it is effectively silencing her in America .
In June , the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit declared her case “ ripe ” for hearing .
“ The issue may implicate the First Amendment rights of many New Yorkers , and thus concerns important public policy of the state , ” the court wrote .
In a watershed case last fall , England ’s highest court ruled that The Wall Street Journal ’s European edition was working “ in the public interest ” when it reported in 2002 that Saudi Arabia , at the request of the United States , had been monitoring the bank accounts of several prominent businesses to see if they were being used to finance terrorist groups .
Previously , even to report that someone was under government investigation was tantamount to defamation .
In the ruling , one judge wrote that England needed “ more such serious journalism , ... and our defamation law should encourage rather than discourage it . ”
For their part , Burr and Collins recently reobtained the copyright to “ Alms for Jihad ” from Cambridge .
They ’re now awaiting word from several American publishers who have expressed interest .
If the book is published here , Collins said he would correct two errors : that the bin Mahfouz family intermarried with the bin Laden family , and that bin Mahfouz was chief executive of B.C.C.I. , when in fact he was a director .
Beyond that , he said , any changes would be up to the publisher .
“ There are three options , ” Collins said .
To leave the book “ as it is ” ; to “ sanitize it ” ; or to “ just delete Mahfouz the 11 times he appears . ”
One of the major concerns of historians and academics , as society moved into the electronic age , was that many of the written documents -- like letters , diaries , messages and memos -- so important in reconstructing history later would simply be deleted over time and not left as paper documents for archivists to pore over as in previous centuries .
Well , historians need not worry about memo deletions as far as Vice President Dick Cheney 's files are concerned .
The reason :
He does n't write memos .
He leaves no paper trail .
On purpose .
Speaking last week in Grand Rapids , Mich. , at the Gerald R. Ford Presidential Library and Museum , Ford 's one - time White House chief of staff said , " Researchers like to come and dig through my files , to see if anything interesting turns up . "
" I want to wish them luck , " the vice president said to a laughing audience .
" But the files are pretty thin .
I learned early on that if you do n't want your memos to get you in trouble someday , just do n't write any . "
-- Andrew Malcolm
He found the results showed that men's stress levels went through the roof at the prospect of buying presents , while only one in four women even registered a slight change .
Stress levels as high as fighter pilots
" And I was surprised by the very high levels of stress we found amongst the men .
" We were looking at blood pressure and heart rates and the secretion of stress hormones really in some cases at a level we might expect to find in a combat pilot or a riot policeman in action .
He said that men enjoyed shopping as long as it was to buy " toys for boys " including hi-fis and computers .
And it was down to lack of experience , he felt , that men found consumerism such a daunting prospect .
He said : " Men do not do it very often .
Women are still the major shoppers for things like food and cleaning materials . "
Meanwhile , managers at Brent Shopping Centre , who commissioned the report , have introduced a personalised shopping service .
To take the stress out of purchasing , shoppers can pay someone else to do it for them - and then carry all the bags to their car .
A POINT OF VIEW
By Lisa Jardine
I have been thinking recently about the way in which stories we are told when we are young shape our adult lives .
I am reading with great enjoyment a new novel entitled The Indian Clerk , by David Leavitt , based on the life of the early 20th Century Indian mathematician Srinivasa Ramanujan .
Ramanujan died aged 32
A humble clerk at the Port Trust in Madras , Ramanujan first came to the attention of European mathematicians in 1913 , when he wrote a 10 - page letter to the Cambridge mathematician and fellow of Trinity College , GH Hardy , which contained over 100 statements of theorems on infinite series and number theory .
Number theory is a fascinating field of mathematics .
It consists of the study of the properties of whole numbers or integers .
Among these , primes or prime numbers hold a special charm for number theorists , because of their peculiar power among the naturally occurring numbers .
A prime number is a number divisible only by itself and the number one ( which is itself a prime , but for reasons I wo n't go into here is usually omitted from the list ) .
The primes under 20 are two , three , five , seven , 11 , 13 , 17 , and 19 .
After that , primes occur increasingly far apart , sporadically and apparently unpredictably .
For centuries , a great deal of mathematical effort has been expended on trying - unsuccessfully - to predict some patterned way in which large primes occur .
Genius
Let me try to give you something of the flavour of the way in which prime numbers seem intriguing to someone with a passion for numbers in general .
Take the number two .
Two is the smallest prime number .
It is also the unique prime which is even , because all even numbers are divisible by two and any number apart from two which is divisible by two is not a prime , by definition .
As a child , I found the whole story of the brilliant , self - taught Indian clerk who solved some of the most difficult problems in number theory and died so young , extremely romantic
Hear Radio 4's A Point of View
Hardy was immediately intrigued by the extraordinary nature and complexity of the mathematics in Ramanujan 's letter .
But he was torn between believing that his correspondent was a crank , and wanting to recognise him as a natural mathematical genius .
Having worked through some of the material in the letter with his fellow - mathematician and collaborator JE Littlewood , however , both men became convinced of Ramanujan 's unusual ability and , after some initial difficulties , Hardy contrived to get him to Cambridge .
There followed an extremely productive five - year collaboration between Ramanujan and Hardy .
The two perfectly complemented one another 's abilities : Hardy was a great exponent of rigour in analysis , while Ramanujan arrived at his results by what Hardy described as " a process of mingled argument , intuition , and induction , of which he was entirely unable to give any coherent account " .
Through his work in Cambridge , Ramanujan achieved the recognition he had sought when he first approached Hardy , and in 1918 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society ( the second Indian to be so honoured ) .
The British climate , however , took its toll on his health .
In 1917 he collapsed with a mysterious stomach complaint and was rushed into hospital , where doctors feared for his life .
By late 1918 his health had slightly improved and in 1919 he returned to India .
But his health failed again , and he died the following year at the age of 32 .
As a child , I found the whole story of the brilliant , self - taught Indian clerk who solved some of the most difficult problems in number theory and died so young extremely romantic .
But it was one specific anecdote about Ramanujan that particularly captivated me .
Ramanujan was recovering from his first bout of serious illness in a nursing home in Putney and Hardy had gone there by taxi to visit him .
Terror
Hardy ( never much of a conversationalist ) greeted the sick man abruptly with the words : " The number of the taxi - cab that brought me here was 1729 .
It seemed to me rather a dull number . "
Hardy and Ramanujan found a common language
1729 can indeed be represented as 1³ + 12 ³ and as 9 ³ + 10 ³ , and is the lowest integer for which such a combination is possible .
What intrigued me about the story was that someone could have such a familiarity with the integers that he would spontaneously recognise an attribute of an apparently " dull " or unprepossessing number as being susceptible of expression in a ( for a mathematician ) attractively patterned way .
" Every positive integer is one of Ramanujan 's personal friends , " was how Hardy 's friend Littlewood described it .
Caring deeply about numbers and their properties may in part at least be something that runs in families .
At the age of four , my eldest son used to wake in terror from a recurrent nightmare .
He was on a wide sandy beach at low tide .
" I had to count the grains of sand , " he would tell me , tearfully , " and I knew that I just would n't be able to do it . "
Even at that age , numbers mattered to him intensely enough for him to dream about them .
But just as in some families , fear of spiders is passed on to the children who witness their parents ' alarm at an arachnid in the bath tub , so terror of mathematics can be passed on from generation to generation .
The role of good maths teachers in schools to encourage pupils in this area , is particularly important , to overcome openly - displayed anxiety on the part of parents about dealing with maths homework .
Alarming
Last Monday the Royal Society published a " state of the nation " report on the UK 's science and mathematics teaching workforce .
I watch my adult friends back away from a simple arithmetical calculation
This shortage is particularly alarming , the report goes on , because " the skills , knowledge and understanding that come from learning and enjoying science and mathematics at school and college prepare young people for jobs in a demanding workplace and life in the modern world " .
The shortage of well - qualified and committed teachers in maths has , I suggest , a particularly unfortunate effect in girls ' schools , where it amplifies an existing inclination among many girls to insist that they simply do not like doing maths .
A London inner-city girls secondary school of which I am a governor recently received a dazzling Ofsted report for its achievement across the board .
The only area in which there was even a hint of criticism was in maths teaching at key stage four .
When a small group of us discussed the inspection report in detail with the head teacher , she was quick to explain that the problem was a rapid turnover in teachers and serious difficulty in recruiting well - qualified maths teachers at all .
But several people round the table inevitably also mentioned the likelihood that girls simply did not feel comfortable with maths , or even , could not do maths .
It was not surprising , was it , if the school had difficulty getting all of them to succeed when it came to numbers and equations ?
Thinking back to my own upbringing I feel sure that the problem lies elsewhere .
All too often I watch my adult friends back away from a simple arithmetical calculation with the words " I never could do maths " .
This is not an excuse they would dream of making publicly with regard to reading .
Perhaps , just as we try so hard to instil a love of great writers in successive generations , we should be looking for more stories like that of Ramanujan , to inspire all our young people with a lasting love for the beauty of numbers .
I loved this article , this is what the youth of today ( and I am one of those ) is missing - passion in a subject .
I love maths , it 's great as it's the only thing in life which is constant .
2+2 is always 4 even if your having a bad day !
Zara Smith , 2 +London
I had a brilliant maths teacher at school - a guy called Simon I'Anson .
He enjoyed maths and taught me to do the same .
It was mainly because of his inspiration that I went on to study maths at university .
It 's hard to overemphasize the importance of maths as a subject .
It 's not just that it teaches you to put numbers together ( important though that is ) ; mathematics teaches people to think logically and rigorously .
It 's a disgrace that we accept " I can't do maths " as an excuse .
Mr I'Anson would n't .
Tom di Giovanni , Leamington Spa , UK
I do agree with the author of the article ; stories that we read or hear when we are young influence our lives forever .
I know lots of people that read " A Brief History of Time " and went on to study physics .
I personally prefer maths to physics , and one book that I found really inspiring is " Fermat 's Last Theorem " by Simon Singh ( I believe it was initially written as a BBC documentary ) .
If you are looking for a good Christmas present , get " The Indian Clerk " or " Fermat 's Last Theorem " .
If you are kids are slightly interested in science , they might get inspired for life .
UM , UK
I went to school in Barnsley in the 70s .
My maths tutor was very passionate about his subject which rubbed off on me .
I thoroughly enjoyed maths , but after leaving school aged 16 there was never an avenue to pursue this passion ( leave school , get a job etc . ) .
University at that time seemed out of reach , but I do believe that outlet is much more available now .
I still enjoy maths and it is always my intention to undertake further studies .
Steve Taylor , Plymouth
This man is truly my idol
Richard Juggins , Yeovil
It has often struck me as odd that we should hide our illiteracy in shame and yet wear innumeracy as a badge of honour .
What else do we allow ourselves to be poor at without any embarrassment ?
Several areas - languages , geography , science , cooking , singing , etc. .
Coming last in cross-country is far more shaming than being bottom of the class in technology .
What worries me is that the list gets longer and literacy could soon become another casualty of our casual approach to standards in education for an increasing proportion of the population .
There are areas outside the school curriculum where we permit ourselves to be hopeless - caring for the environment , parenting teenagers , politics , citizenship , manners .
We can allow people to fail but not to take a pride in it .
Jeste , Norwich
Perhaps the problem lies with getting children to be good at arithmetic before they get on to maths .
The fact that they do n't even teach them times tables nowadays is a major backwards step as they are very useful in later life .
I am good at arithmetic including mental arithmetic .
However in the first year at grammar school the " maths " teacher was actually a rather bad tempered woodwork teacher who frightened the life out of me , and I never caught up .
I love puzzles and was good at algebra , treating it as a puzzle to be solved , but nobody ever explained what it could be used for .
At the time I was at school there ( 1958 - 65 ) there was a Certificate in Proficiency in Arithmetic , which I took instead of maths GCE , and it proved very useful indeed .
A young shop assistant even had to use a calculator to deduct 10 p from a wrong total the other day , and that is an appalling reflection of the state of teaching on this subject nowadays .
Lindsay Ponting , Swindon , U ! K
Great story !
When I was at school [ Scunthorpe Grammar - 1964 to 1969 ) we had a Mathematics Teacher called Mr Holmes ... he was very strict ( almost Victorian in approach ) but he taught us to believe in " the beauty of mathematics " .
I will never forget , and I do " love " mathematics as a result ... what a great man !
If only every teacher could do that for their subject .
Merry Christmas to all back in UK .
Dave Metcalfe , Russell / New Zealand
A very charming story .
Maths and science lack relevance today .
There is no lack of mathematicians and scientists .
There are no skills shortages whatsoever in these areas .
I would n't encourage children to do maths or science - there is no fun , no reward and no gain to be had - and maths and science teachers know it .
Look at the Balls - Zoe is n't exactly following in her Dad 's footsteps .
Richard , Bucharest , Romania
] This is an inspiring story .
My own fascination for Maths began very young and had something to do with my father being a Science and Maths teacher .
He had a wonderful way of explaining how to do calculations and made it look so easy that everything just clicked .
Had it not been for his influence in my life I am sure I would have become one of the " I never could do maths " of society .
God bless you Dad .
Aisha , London
When I was growing up , the Christmas season usually kicked off in early December with classic Christmas movies .
One that I looked forward to every year was Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer .
Burl
Ives sang all the tunes from that movie .
Here we go …
Rudolph , the red - nosed reindeer
had a very shiny nose .
And if you ever saw him ,
you would even say it glows .
All of the other reindeer
used to laugh and call him names .
They never let poor Rudolph
join in any reindeer games .
Then one foggy Christmas Eve
Santa came to say :
“ Rudolph with your nose so bright ,
wo n’t you guide my sleigh tonight ? ”
Then all the reindeer loved him
as they shouted out with glee ,
Rudolph the red - nosed reindeer ,
you ’ll go down in history !
Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer — Burl Ives
. Sometimes when I see what people did and how they lived during the bubble , it fills my Reservoir of Schadenfreude .
Today ’s featured property has a story to tell , and I want to thank Brittney for providing me the detailed mortgage data that allows me to tell it .
Asking Price : $ 1,249,000
Income Requirement : $ 312,250
Downpayment Needed : $ 249,800
Purchase Price : $ 1,157,000
Purchase Date : 1/6/2005
Address : 24 Shady Lane , Irvine , CA 92603
Beds : 3
Baths : 3.5
Sq. Ft. : 2,629
$ / Sq. Ft. : $ 475
Lot Size : 5,053 sq. ft .
Type : Single Family Residence
Style : Mediterranean
Year Built : 2005
Stories : Two Levels
View(s ) : City Lights
Area : Turtle Ridge
County : Orange
MLS# : S512996
Status : Active
On Redfin : 8 days
From Redfin , “ Best deal around .
Great plan 1 in private cul de sac location in the prestige Ledges at Turtle Ridge .
Home shows as new very clean private location and great value for the Ledges estate .
Nice rear yard area and great street appeal .
Truly great deal here priced below most homes in area . ”
How can any “ plan 1 ” be worth over $ 1,000,000 ?
.
.
This one is n’t a rollback yet , but I doubt the owners care because they have already made their money on the deal .
Let ’s look at the loan history on this property and see just how these people managed to live over the last 3 years .
The property was purchased in January 2005 for $ 1,157,000 .
The combined first and second mortgages totalled $ 1,156,730 leaving a downpayment of $ 270 .
Let ’s just call it 100 % financing .
By April , they owners were able to find refinancing through Countrywide with a $ 999,999 first mortgage .
This mortgage was an Option ARM with a 1 % teaser rate .
The minimum payment would be $ 3,216 per month .
Also in April of 2005 , they took out a simultaneous second mortgage for $ 215,000 pulling out their first $ 58,000 .
So look at their situation :
They are living in a million dollar plus home in Turtle Ridge making payments less than those renting , and they “ made ” $ 58,000 in their first 4 months of ownership .
Apparently , these owners liked how hard their house was working for them , so they opened a revolving line of credit ( HELOC ) in August 2005 for $ 293,000 .
Did they spend it all ?
I ca n’t be sure , but the following certainly suggests they did .
In December of 2005 , they extended their HELOC to $ 397,990 .
In June of 2006 , they extended their HELOC to $ 485,000 .
In April of 2007 , the well ran dry as they did their final HELOC of $ 491,000 .
I bet they were pissed when they could n’t get more money .
So by April 2007 , they have a first mortgage ( Option ARM with a 1 % teaser rate ) for $ 999,999 , and a HELOC for $ 491,000 .
These owners pulled $ 333,000 in HELOC money to fuel consumer spending .
Assuming they spent the entire HELOC ( does anyone think they did n’t ? ) , and assuming the negative amortization on the first mortgage has increased the loan balance , the total debt on the property exceeds $ 1,500,000 .
The asking price of $ 1,249,000 does not look like a rollback , but if the property actually sells at this price , the lender on the HELOC ( Washington Mutual ) will lose over $ 300,000 .
These owners will probably just walk away .
I doubt they have any assets .
They never put any money into the deal , they pulled out $ 333,000 in cash , and they got to live in Turtle Ridge for 3 years .
Not a bad deal — for them .
Karma will not leave these people alone though .
They have become accustomed to a lifestyle far beyond their means .
Their house was providing them with $ 111,000 a year in tax - free income .
When they get forced out , their credit will be ruined , and they will have to go from living the life of the nouveau riche to being a destitute renter .
We can only hope this transition is painful and the memory of what they lost lingers for years .
These people likely drank the kool aid and actually believed this kind of lifestyle could be sustained .
That level of ignorance makes it hard to have much sympathy for them .
However , when you see the excess of this lifestyle , you ca n’t help but wonder if it was worth it .
If you knew prices were going to collapse , and the lifestyle was not sustainable ( like many on this board did , ) would you have done it anyway ?
When you see the lives led by people like today ’s owners , it is not difficult to see why so many chose that life .
The John Galt Corporation of the Bronx , hired last year for the dangerous and complex job of demolishing the former Deutsche Bank building at 130 Liberty Street , where two firefighters died last Saturday , has apparently never done any work like it .
Indeed ,
Galt does not seem to have done much of anything since it was incorporated in 1983 .
Public and private records give no indication of how many employees it has , what its volume of business is or who its clients are .
There are almost no accounts of any projects it has undertaken on any scale , apart from 130 Liberty Street .
Court records are largely silent .
Some leading construction executives in the city say they have never even heard of it .
That may not be as surprising as it seems .
John Galt , it appears , is not much more than a corporate entity meant to accommodate the people and companies actually doing the demolition job at the emotionally charged and environmentally hazardous site at the edge of ground zero .
The companies and project managers who have been providing the expertise , the workers and the financing for the job are Regional Scaffolding and Hoisting Company , which is not in business to demolish skyscrapers , and former executives from Safeway Environmental Corporation , a company that was already removed from one contract at 130 Liberty because of concerns about its integrity .
From the New York Times :
The director of the Central Intelligence Agency , Gen. Michael V. Hayden , has ordered an unusual internal inquiry into the work of the agency ’s inspector general , whose aggressive investigations of the C.I.A. ’s detention and interrogation programs and other matters have created resentment among agency operatives .
Detention and interrogation programs ?
In other words , torture .
A small team working for General Hayden is looking into the conduct of the agency ’s watchdog office , which is led by Inspector General John L. Helgerson .
Current and former government officials said the review had caused anxiety and anger in Mr. Helgerson ’s office and aroused concern on Capitol Hill that it posed a conflict of interest .
Concern ?
This warrants more than concern !
This warrants an immediate and aggressive investigation by Congress into a clear case of attempting to suppress dedicated public servants because they may believe the United States should abide by international law and basic human morality .
Any move by the agency ’s director to examine the work of the inspector general would be unusual , if not unprecedented , and would threaten to undermine the independence of the office , some current and former officials say .
To state the obvious : that 's stating the obvious .
The CIA , of course , officially says this investigation of the investigators is no big deal , completely appropriate , have a doughnut and some coffee and - hey , how 's the weather , today ?
Meanwhile , back in reality :
A report by Mr. Helgerson ’s office completed in the spring of 2004 warned that some C.I.A. - approved interrogation procedures appeared to constitute cruel , inhuman and degrading treatment , as defined by the international Convention Against Torture .
The Los Angeles Times adds this :
Helgerson has become an unusually high - profile occupant of the position largely because his tenure has coincided with a series of historic intelligence blunders .
An examination of failures leading up to the Sept. 11 attacks was sharply critical of Tenet and other senior CIA officials , saying they " did not discharge their duties in a satisfactory manner , " and calling for the creation of special in - house panels to determine whether they should be reprimanded .
The CIA had fought to keep that report secret .
But Hayden reluctantly released its key findings in August after Congress passed legislation requiring the CIA to declassify the document 's executive summary .
In other words , yet another clear case of CIA failure was brought to light by Helgerson and his team , the CIA fought to keep their findings secret , but were thwarted by Congress .
Clearly , yet another reason why the Inspector General must be investigated !
This story fits the pattern of absolutely everything this Administration does : fail , commit crimes , try to cover up those failures and crimes , and when honest and competent people make honest and competent efforts to keep our government honest and competent , punish them .
As Richard Brautigan wrote , decades ago :
Even Microsoft does n’t value Facebook at $ 15 billion 26 Oct
2007
Lots of ruckus about Microsoft ’s $ 240 million investment , supposedly valuing Facebook at $ 15 billion .
Microsoft ’s original ad deal was for 3 years ( ending in 2009 ) .
That was their original relationship with Facebook .
So Microsoft spent $ 240 million and got 1.6 % of Facebook .
That means $ 240 million / 0.016 = Facebook valued at $ 15 billion right ?
To rip from Techcrunch ( with added emphasis ) :
It will invest $ 240 million in Facebook and expand its existing relationship to international markets , according to the WSJ .
( The previous advertising relationship was only for the U.S. , now Microsoft is Facebookâ€™s exclusive advertising partner both in the U.S. and abroad until 2011 )
So not only was there 1.6 % of Facebook given up to Microsoft , but ( which everyone seems to miss ) – the ad relationship was expanded and extended to 2011 .
Microsoft does n’t value Facebook at $ 15 billion .
It values 1.6 % of Facebook and an expanded and extended ad deal at $ 240 million .
That ’s it .
You ca n’t ignore the ad deal and magically come to a $ 15 billion valuation .
Do n’t forget to subscribe to the RSS feed .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) --
The New England Patriots were n't kidding that they are n't perfect , no matter what their record through 12 games shows .
They looked mighty vulnerable Monday night , needing a late touchdown drive and some penalties that both sides complained about to beat the Baltimore Ravens 27 - 24 Monday night .
New England pulled off its great escape to become the sixth team in NFL history to start a season with 12 victories .
For the second straight week , it was a struggle against a losing team , but the incredibly resourceful Patriots got Tom Brady 's 8 - yard touchdown pass to Jabar Gaffney with 44 seconds left to win it .
The winning drive in the final minutes covered 73 yards and required two fourth - down conversions , one on a defensive holding penalty 6 seconds before Gaffney beat Dawan Landry in the left corner of the end zone .
" We made enough plays at the end , " Brady said .
" A lot of questionable calls and we made some plays .
" There 's a lot of room to improve in the final four weeks .
There 's things we could 've certainly done better ... we kept clawing back . "
Driven to distraction by a Baltimore defense at times reminiscent of the 2000 unit that led the Ravens ( 4 - 8 ) to a Super Bowl victory , Brady came through late -- as he always seems to .
" Most of it for three quarters did n't go in our favor , " Brady said .
" On the road , tough environment against a team that has won a lot of games in the last few years .
It was tough . "
Eight days after edging Philadelphia 31 - 28 , the Patriots barely kept alive their pursuit of the only unblemished record in NFL history , Miami 's 17- 0 in 1972 .
With Pittsburgh ( 9 - 3 ) up next , the Patriots must recapture some of their record - setting ways from earlier in the season to keep their flawless record intact .
" We prepared to get their best , " coach Bill Belichick said .
" A lot of things that we did n't do well that we need to do -- you name it , we need to improve it .
Offense , defense , special teams . "
As the biggest road favorite in a non-replacement game ( 19 points ) , the Patriots nearly laid a dud in swirling winds and occasional snow flurries .
But Brady relentlessly guided them downfield for the winning score and his 41st touchdown pass of the season .
He 's eight short of Peyton Manning 's record .
" I told him it was the best catch of his career and it was a great time to do it , " Brady said of Gaffney 's only reception .
New England is four wins shy of the only 16 - 0 regular season ever .
Remaining after home games with the Steelers , the weak Dolphins and Jets , then a visit to the Giants .
That the Ravens , losers of five straight , would test the Patriots so severely was stunning .
Indeed , if not for untimely penalties and a fumble of an interception return by Ed Reed , the Ravens might have pulled off one of the biggest upsets in NFL history .
Baltimore got a brilliant effort from Willis McGahee , who rushed for 138 yards and a touchdown .
The former Miami Hurricane was inspired by the memory of his teammate at the U , the recently slain Sean Taylor .
" I just played for him , basically , dedicated the rest of the season to him , " McGahee said .
" The loss takes away everything .
We played our hearts out tonight .
We got some bogus calls . "
Cornerback Chris McAlister was more emphatic about the officiating , particularly the late holding call on rookie safety Jamaine Winborne .
" It 's hard to go out there and play the Patriots and the refs at the same time , " McAlister complained .
" They put the crown on top of them , they want them to win .
They won . "
Barely .
" Everybody 's coming out and giving us their best , " Gaffney said , " so we 've just got to be prepared to come out and give them ours . "
Baltimore 's Kyle Boller threw for two scores , and the Ravens managed three sacks .
But they could n't manage to hang on , although a 52 - yard completion to Mark Clayton got them to the New England 3 as time ran out .
The Ravens went in front 17 - 10 as McGahee carried two defenders into the end zone on his 17 - yard TD that lifted him over 1,000 yards rushing in his first season with Baltimore .
His score also woke up the Patriots ' dormant offense , which went on a 72 - yard drive capped by Randy Moss ' 3 - yard touchdown reception .
Brady joined Manning , Dan Marino and Kurt Warner as quarterbacks who threw for at least 40 touchdowns in a season , and Moss ' 17th TD tied a career high for a season .
Yet back came the stunningly resilient Ravens , who rank 26th in total offense .
McGahee contributed 40 yards of a 56 - yard march to Daniel Wilcox 's 1 - yard TD reception , making it 24 - 17 with 35 seconds gone in the fourth quarter .
After Brady was sacked on consecutive plays , rookie Yamon Figurs returned a punt 33 yards to the New England 26 , and things looked dire for the Pats .
But they quickly bounced back .
James Sanders intercepted Boller 's pass into the wind and returned it 42 yards .
Maroney , who earlier scooted 36 yards with a short pass , this time went 43 with one .
That set up Stephen Gostowski's 38 - yard field goal .
The Ravens had more moments of brilliance Monday than the Pats , including their longest play of the season , a 53 - yard completion by Boller to Devard Darling .
That first - quarter surprise led to Boller 's 4 - yard TD pass to Derrick Mason for a 7 - 3 lead .
Moments later , Brady was sacked on a blitz by Corey Ivy and the Patriots , who had outscored opponents 107 - 24 in first quarters this season , trailed by four after one period .
They fell behind 10 - 3 on Matt Stover 's 29 - yard field goal .
Were the Patriots getting nervous in such an unfamiliar position ?
Uh , not exactly .
Brady went to the no-huddle offense on a 60 - yard drive helped by two defensive penalties inside the 15 .
Heath Evans surged in from the 1 .
The Pats had a chance to break the 10 - 10 tie late in the half , but Brady 's long pass to Wes Welker was tipped by the receiver to Reed .
He took off on a 34 - yard runback , but fumbled when hit by Patrick Pass and New England recovered -- only to sheepishly run out the clock .
Game notes
The previous high for a road favorite in a non-replacement game was 17 points , set in 1976 by the Cowboys , Patriots and Colts .
... Baltimore placed quarterback Steve McNair on injured reserve earlier Monday , ending his season .
...
The other 12 - 0 teams were the 2005 Colts , '98 Broncos , ' 85 Bears , ' 34 Bears and , of course , the ' 72 Dolphins .
The 1934 and 2005 teams did not win the championship .
...
It was the 18th 100 - yard rushing game in McGahee 's five - year career .
My Xbox 360 has , once again , gone to game console heaven .
I ’m really starting to think I should just get this all over with and get a PS3 .
The Xbox 360 has better games presently , but I ’m sure they ’d be even more fun if I could actually play them instead of staring blankly at the box and cursing Microsoft under my breath .
I guess for now I ’ll have to survive on Crysis and Wii or PS2 games … actually , that does n’t sound half bad .
Maybe this time Microsoft will take their time and send me a new 360 that ’ll actually work for more than half a year .
I love my Xbox 360 – but seriously , Microsoft ; learn to build a less failure - prone game console .
Be Sociable , Share !
This one 's been making the rounds lately , but we'd be remiss if we did n't take a moment to acknowledge any invention that boasts to be the " Segway of the sky , " which is just what upstart Air Buoyant claims its so - called " Vertipod " could one day be .
According to Danger Room , this flying machine employs a gasoline or ethanol powered 440 - cubic - centimeter engine to propel one brave along individual at speeds up to 40 miles per hour while hovering 15 feet off the ground , with a propeller , naturally , spinning perilously close to your feet .
What 's more , Air Buoyant 's Pete Bitar says the contraption could even have consumer appeal , with a $ 10,000 kit planned that " can be assembled in a weekend . " [ Via Tech Digest
( CNN ) --
The crew members of a North Korean freighter regained control of their ship from pirates who hijacked the vessel off Somalia , but not without a deadly fight , the U.S. Navy reported Tuesday .
The USS James E. Williams ordered pirates to give up their weapons , the Navy says .
When the battle aboard the Dai Hong Dan was over , two pirates were dead and five were captured , the Navy said .
Three wounded crew members from the cargo ship were being treated aboard the guided - missile destroyer USS James E. Williams .
The captured pirates were being held aboard the North Korean vessel , the Navy said .
The bandits had seized the ship 's bridge , while the crew kept control of the steering gear and engines , the Navy said .
The Koreans moved against the attackers after the Williams -- responding to reports of the hijacking -- ordered the pirates to give up their weapons , according to the Navy .
When the crew members stormed the bridge , the deadly battle began .
After the crew regained control , Navy sailors boarded the Dai Hong Dan to help with the injured .
North Korea and the United States have no diplomatic relations .
Watch why the U.S. helped the North Koreans »
Do n't Miss Pirate attacks increase worldwide
The incident took place about 70 miles northeast of the Somali capital , Mogadishu , the Navy said .
It is the second incident of piracy reported in recent days .
A second U.S. Navy destroyer was searching waters off Somalia for pirates who hijacked a Japanese - owned ship , military officials said .
Over the weekend , gunmen aboard two skiffs hijacked the Panamanian - flagged Golden Nori off the Socotra archipelago near the Horn of Africa , said Andrew Mwangura , a spokesman for the Kenyan - based Seafarers ' Assistance Program .
The guided - missile destroyer USS Arleigh Burke has been pursuing the pirates after entering Somali waters with the permission of the troubled transitional government in Mogadishu , U.S. officials said Monday .
In recent years , warships have stayed outside the 12 - mile limit when chasing pirates .
Two military officials familiar with the details confirmed the ongoing operation .
The Navy 's pursuit of the pirates began Sunday night when the Golden Nori radioed for help .
The Burke 's sister ship , the USS Porter , opened fire and sank the pirate skiffs tied to the Golden Nori 's stern before the Burke took over shadowing the hijacked vessel .
When the shots were fired , it was not known the ship was filled with highly flammable benzene .
U.S. military officials indicate there is a great deal of concern about the cargo because it is so sensitive .
Benzene , which U.S. authorities have declared a known human carcinogen , is used as a solvent and to make plastics and synthetic fabrics .
Four other ships in the region remain in pirate hands , the Navy said .
U.S. and NATO warships have been patrolling off the Horn of Africa for years in an effort to crack down on piracy off Somalia , where a U.N. - backed transitional government is struggling to restore order after 15 years of near - anarchy .
See how piracy is worse than 2006 »
On Monday , the head of the transitional government resigned as his administration -- backed by Ethiopian troops -- battled insurgents from the Islamic movement that seized control of Mogadishu in 2006 .
Hospital officials reported 30 dead in three days of clashes on the city 's south side .
In June , the ship USS Carter Hall fired warning shots in an attempt to stop a hijacked Danish cargo ship off Somalia , but the American vessel turned away when the pirated ship entered Somali waters .
In May , a U.S. Navy advisory warned merchant ships to stay at least 200 miles off the Somali coast .
But the U.S. Maritime Administration said pirates sometimes issue false distress calls to lure ships closer to shore .
See the warning area »
The pirates often are armed with automatic rifles and shoulder - fired rockets , according to a recent warning from the agency .
" To date , vessels that increase speed and take evasive maneuvers avoid boarding , while those that slow down are boarded , taken to the Somali coastline and released after successful ransom payment , often after protracted negotiations of as much as 11 weeks , " the warning advised .
The agency issued a new warning to sailors in the Gulf of Aden , between Somalia and Yemen , after Sunday 's hijacking .
E-mail to a friend
CNN correspondents Barbara Starr at the Pentagon and Christian Purefoy in Nairobi contributed to this report .
All About Pirates • Somalia
LOS ANGELES ( Hollywood Reporter ) - A couple of days after the Writers Guild of America strike began November 5 , the star of “ The Tonight Show With Jay Leno ” told some 80 of his idled staffers that they need not worry about their finances .
Leno was so adamant about paychecks being safe , many did n’t bother looking for new jobs even though NBC was forecasting layoffs .
So it came as quite a shock Friday when the entire staff was told that they were not only out of a job but also that they were n’t guaranteed of being rehired once “ The Tonight Show ” returns .
“ Some people were crying .
Some people were screaming , ” said one employee speaking on condition of anonymity .
NBC declined comment on the firings beyond a brief statement that it had “ regretfully informed the people who work on ‘ The Tonight Show With Jay Leno ’ and ‘ Late Night With Conan O’Brien ’ that their services are not needed at this time due to our inability to continue production of the shows . ”
According to several staffers , tensions at “ Tonight Show ” have been mounting for weeks , and matters were n’t helped by news that other late - night hosts have been preserving the jobs of their nonwriting staffs or paying those who had been laid off .
O’Brien confirmed Thursday , for example , that he would pay the salaries of at least 50 nonwriting “ Late Night ” staffers out of his own pocket on a week - to - week basis .
Some “ Tonight Show ” insiders are angry at Leno , because of an upbeat conference call he held shortly after the WGA strike began .
“ He was on speaker phone , ” a staffer said .
“ There were 80 of us .
He told us not to panic .
He said to trust him .
He said : ‘ I ca n’t get into details , but nobody will miss a car payment or lose their house .
We ’re family .
Trust me .
I ’m going to take care of this . ’
But that was the time we should have been looking for new jobs . ”
More recently , a letter NBC sent to now - laid - off staffers said , “ If your services are needed , we will contact you . ”
“ That ’s standard boilerplate , ” said Joe Medeiros , a striking writer who has worked with Leno for 18 years .
“ It ’s corporate butt - covering . ”
According to insiders , the early confidence that Leno expressed stemmed from several options in the works , including the hiring of guest hosts .
Leno himself guest - hosted for “ The Tonight Show With Johnny Carson ” during the 1988 writers strike , according to the WGA .
This time around , comedian Wanda Sykes was a top pick , but she turned down the offer .
Using rock stars on a rotating basis also was considered , insiders said .
Another option was having Leno do a show without a monologue or writers , relying heavily on musical acts and stand - up comedians .
None of the options , though , came to fruition , and “ The Tonight Show ” has continued airing reruns .
Beyond Leno ’s misplaced optimism about the financial well - being of his staff , he further damaged himself -- in the eyes of some workers -- with his public behavior .
While he privately expressed concern for the jobs of all staff members , to the media he seemed preoccupied with supporting striking writers , including handing out doughnuts to picketers and mugging for press photos .
“ He even joked that because of the writers strike , he had more time to work on his car collection , ” a staffer said .
“ That did n’t sit well with us . ”
Medeiros said that Leno made his doughnut appearance on Day One of the strike at his request .
“ I asked him to come out and he did .
We thought it sent a message to end the strike . ”
Asked if writers would object to Leno working without them during the strike in order to save jobs , Medeiros said : “ I ca n’t answer that .
The story to me is that the corporations are doing this in order to pit groups against each other and break the strike . ”
The fact that some of Leno ’s writers are paid $ 500,000 or more annually also did n’t sit well with suddenly out - of - work production staffers who make a fraction of that amount .
Writers also are getting residuals on “ Tonight Show ” reruns that air during the strike .
The final indignation was a Christmas bonus that many thought lacking .
Staffers with a couple of years on the job were given $ 200 .
Some higher - paid employees were awarded three days of salary or a bit more , about the same bonuses they got last year .
The Leno representative defended the bonuses as well , pointing out that they amounted to $ 500,000 in aggregate out of Leno ’s pocket .
He also noted that Leno handed out $ 2 million five years ago to staffers in celebration of his 10th year as host .
“ Jay is a very generous man , ” added Medeiros .
“ I do n’t know what people expected .
How much more should he give over a situation that he did n’t cause ? ”
But , said one staffer : “ When the most powerful man in TV tells you to relax , then you relax .
That ’s why we expected the bonuses to cover us through the strike .
He could ’ve at least covered us through Christmas .
That would have been nice . ”
Reuters / Hollywood Reporter
You Can Learn A Lot Of Good Information About Personal Injury In The Following Article Posted by Personal Injury , Personal Injury Law | 4 comments Posted by Steven on Aug 25 , 2014 in Law Becoming hurt in an accident , such as a slip and fall or a dog bite can leave you with both physical and emotional scars .
Holding the guilty party accountable may be the only option you have in terms of paying medical bills and earning compensation for pain and suffering .
If you are asking these questions , a good personal injury attorney can provide you with answers .
When choosing a personal injury attorney , ensure that you are choosing a law office which has an entire department dedicated to personal injury .
Meanwhile , it is common for law offices to pursue several different types of cases , it is important to choose an attorney who ’s well versed in your niche .
Even if you are in an accident and you do not feel like you are injured , go see a doctor .
There are many times that injuries come up later as a result of an accident .
Seeing a doctor will show that you had some concerns about your condition early on .
When you are choosing a personal injury attorney , meet with several before choosing one .
Some personal injury attorneys will offer a free first consultation .
Prepare all your documents before meeting with a lawyer for the first time , bring a list of questions and do not forget to ask about costs .
File a report with the police .
Filing a police report will give you an official way to document names , date , and time of the incident , as well as the contact information of other involved parties .
In many cases , this will be your official record of what occurred .
This police report will also be valuable evidence should your case go to trial .
If you ’ve been injured , you may be entitled to compensation .
Use the advice from this article if you have sustained an injury .
It will help you receive the monetary compensation you deserve .
read more
No - fault Laws in Personal Injury Claims Posted by 0 comments Posted by Steven on Jul 23 , 2014 in Personal Injury
When you have been injured in a car accident and have decided to file for a personal injury lawsuit against the person who caused the accident , you may have to consult with your personal injury lawyer or car accident lawyer regarding the laws in your state .
There are states that follow the “ no - fault ” law regarding car accidents , and this law can significantly affect your personal injury or insurance claim .
It is important that you should know and understand how this law affects your claim in order to be granted compensation after your lawsuit .
If you need help , visit http://chicagosocialsecuritylaw.com/.
Because of the “ no - fault ” law that some states follow about a dozen states in the US , can affect the procedure and possible result of your insurance or injury claim .
According to the “ no - fault ” law , all drivers are required to possess an insurance that would protect themselves from potential damages and injuries should a car accident occur .
This would mean that the first and legally favored source of compensation following a car accident is from your own insurance company , regardless of who is at - fault for the accident .
There are certain exceptions or statutorily specific circumstances where you can file an injury or insurance lawsuit against the other party , and only if some conditions are met .
These “ no - fault ” laws are generally made to lower the number of negligence suit that are filed in the state courts .
Many insurance companies are for the “ no - fault ” law because non-economic damages that are suffered after the accident are not allowed in the claims , saving them money .
Only do life - threatening or life - changing circumstances will a personal injury lawyer or car accident lawyer be allowed to ask non-economic damages for their clients , and this can often be a long and complicated process .
No - fault laws for car accidents are currently used by the states of Kansas , Kentucky , District of Columbia , New York , Minnesota , Michigan , Hawaii , Utah , Pennsylvania , New Jersey , Massachusetts , Florida , and North Dakota .
Because of this law , anyone who has been into a car accident in these states can have limited compensation for their economic damages , covering only for the documented cost of car repair or replacement , medical and rehabilitation expenses , and lost wages .
Suffering from a serious injury that can significantly affect the quality of life would usually require the help or a legal professional such as a car accident lawyer or personal injury lawyer to help recover for non-economic damages .
read more
Compensation In Personal Injury Cases Posted by Personal Injury , Personal Injury Law | 2 comments Posted by Steven on Apr 30 , 2014 in Personal Bankruptcy U.S. tort law allows a person or a deceased individual ’s family to take legal action against another party when that party acted negligently and caused them injury .
Often referred to as personal injury law , tort law exists to provide a way for injured individuals to obtain compensation from those responsible for their injuries .
This compensation comes in the form of monetary payments for both monetary and non-monetary losses suffered by the victim .
In addition , when the party responsible for the injury acted in a particularly egregious manner , punitive damages may be applied .
The goal of which is not only to provide the victim with compensation , but to also invoke an official punishment on the defendant for their actions .
Types of Damages
The losses from an injury or illness often are not limited to just the financial cost .
Many people experience significant difficulties after they ’ve been hurt which continue to cause them both emotional and psychological pain and a range of new obstacles in life .
Based on both the concrete financial cost of the damage as well as the non-monetary losses , a court will grant the plaintiff a certain amount of money should he or she win the case .
These individuals may be compensated for some of the following : Lost Income from Missed Work
Medical Care Expenses
Rehabilitation Expenses
Ambulance Fees
Damaged Property
Physical Pain
Emotional Trauma
Damage to personal and intimate relationships
Loss of enjoyment or ability to engage in previous activities Depending on the case and the work of the attorney on your behalf , compensation may end up being in the thousand or even millions .
Compensation is typically higher when someone has suffered permanent damage to a part of their life because of their injuries .
If you or someone you love was injured due to another party ’s negligence , a personal injury attorney may be able to help you obtain financial compensation for your damages .
Your personal injury case is damaging to your physical and emotional state and you should be justly compensates for those damages .
read more
Yaz and PMDD Posted by Litigation , Personal Injury | 0 comments Posted by Steven on Oct 23 , 2013 in Defective Pharmaceuticals
The birth control pill Yaz has been the first one that the Food and Drug Administration has approved as an alternative treatment to an extreme form of PMS , the premenstrual dysphoric disorder or PMDD .
This mood disorder occurs during the menstrual cycle , often due to the fluctuating hormones during this period .
Although some women do experience common symptoms of PMS and can handle them properly , there are those who experience extreme symptoms of PMS .
About 3 - 5 percent of women suffer from PMDD , although the numbers can be more .
Among the most common symptoms of PMDD is depression .
Mood swings , fatigue , irritability , food cravings ( and eventual weigh gain ) , thoughts of hopelessness , headaches , hot flashes and heart palpitations are among the common symptoms PMDD .
Seeing a doctor would greatly help in diagnosing whether you have PMDD , and if you are allowed to take Yaz for these symptoms .
Yaz and PMDD have been linked together and with the birth control pill , handling PMDD seems to be easier .
Although symptoms of premenstrual dysphoric disorder are almost the same as those in PMS , the difference is that these symptoms can be uncompromising enough to significantly hinder , prevent or lower the quality of life ( both on social and personal relationships ) , at home , work and school .
The wavering hormones and the lower serotonin levels ( the chemical which helps transmit nerve signals in the brain ) are what scientists believe are the culprit behind PMS and PMDD , although further studies are still needed .
It is because of this hormonal imbalance that makes
Yaz a sensible option ; taking artificial hormones to alleviate the symptoms of PMDD does make sense in a medical point of view .
According to the website of Williams Kherkher , the main issue with Yaz and PMDD is that Yaz can also heighten the risks of other health complications , such as stroke , thrombosis , and heart attacks .
Yaz , and its sister birth control pill Yasmin , can also alter the effects of other drugs or medications that women are also taking , putting them at greater risk .
Weighing the benefits and dangers with your doctor would be a better option than taking Yaz without a prescription .
read more
HIV - Positive Porn Star Triggers a Halt in Adult Film Production Posted by 0 comments Posted by Steven on Sep 3 , 2013 in Uncategorized A porn actor recently tested positive for the human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) , prompting the adult film watchdog association to call for a halt on production until all performers are screened for the sexually - transmitted disease ( STD ) .
Adult film performers may be engaging in extremely intimate acts on camera , but they are still professionals , and as such have a responsibility to other performers to ensure they are not being exposed to health risks .
Cameron Bay , a porn actor since 2010 , tested positive for HIV , a fact confirmed by the Free Speech Coalition ( FSC ) which oversees the health status of adult film performers .
Bay expressed the hope that she had not been instrumental in spreading the disease to her fellow performers .
The film industry has conformed with the FSC moratorium and to date , it is unknown if the virus has been transmitted on set .
Xander Corvus was Bay ’s most recent sex partner but no other performers aside from Bay has tested positive for any STD including HIV .
This is not the first time that STD ’s ugly head had reared in the adult film industry , causing production to come to a screeching halt .
In 2012 , a 42 - year - old porn actor known as Mr. Marcus admitted that he falsified his syphilis test results so he could continue working .
He was sentenced to 30 days in jail for knowingly exposing his co-performers to the risk of STD .
The Department of Public Health is being criticized by health organizations for not enforcing the Measure B regulation or the County of Los Angeles Safer Sex in the Adult Film Industry Act , which requires adult film actors to use condoms during shoots in Los Angeles .
The regulation was passed in November 2012 , and when challenged by adult film producers , was found constitutional by the federal courts .
read more
Lawsuit Accuses ExxonMobil of Discrimination Posted by 1 comment Posted by Steven on May 24 , 2013 in Employment Law Freedom to Work , a national civil rights group , has filed a discrimination lawsuit against ExxonMobil for what it believes to be a breach of the Illinois Human Rights Act , the state ’s ban on anti-LGBT workplace discrimination .
The group conducted an experiment to support its suit .
In this exercise , the civil rights organization applied to an Exxon job posting using two fictitious resumes , one belonging to a straight woman of modest qualifications and the other belonging to a lesbian with excellent qualifications , better job skills , and more work experience .
The lesbian ’s resume listed membership in a LGBT group while the straight woman ’s resume had membership in a feminist organization in its stead .
The company contacted the straight women repeatedly to offer her the position despite not receiving any reply .
They did not contact the lesbian applicant .
Exxon claims it has a strong corporate anti-discrimination policy , but what the company has on its books is not specific .
It has been resistant of instating a concrete anti-LGBT discrimination policy and the company is urging shareholders to vote against such a policy being put into effect at an upcoming meeting .
read more
Alabama Nursing Home Facing Wrongful Death Lawsuit Posted by Nursing Home Abuse , Wrongful Death Cases | 5 comments Posted by Steven on May 9 , 2013 in Litigation A nursing home in Decatur , Alabama is facing a wrongful death lawsuit after one of the residents died of aspiration pneumonia as a result of an accident .
The home was performing a routine fire drill in October of last year when one of the residents , a 93 - year - old woman who was confined to a wheelchair , ended up accidentally rolling away from the caretakers .
Her wheelchair was allegedly allowed to roll down a hill , propelling the aged woman out of it and into a ditch .
She was later found face down in the water and rushed to a hospital , where she died three days later .
The lawsuit alleges negligence on the part of the home , asserting that her caretakers should have ensured her safety by not leaving her in a dangerous place .
The suit seeks unspecified damages and was filed on behalf of her estate .
read more
Reckless Driving Behaviors
And Dangers Posted by 1 comment Posted by Steven on Dec 24 , 2012 in Law Among all of the causes of car accidents in the United States , reckless driving is at the top of the list .
This is partly because there are so many ways to drive recklessly and endanger oneself and others on the road .
Despite sometimes harsh legal penalties for convicted reckless drivers , many still maintain dangerous driving behaviors , putting others at risk as well as themselves .
There are many different kinds of behaviors that can constitute as reckless driving .
Some of the most common include behaviors like : * Drinking and driving
* Speeding
* Tailgating
* Refusing to yield
* Running red lights
* Running stop signs
* Distracted driving
All of these behaviors could put innocent people at a high risk for being involved in a car accident with a reckless driver .
Multiple people might be involved as well , increasing the physical damage thats possible in a car accident .
Reckless driving creates a huge amount of dangers for everyone on the road .
Some of the greatest dangers of reckless driving involve the injuries that its often causes .
For instance , some common injuries that people sustain after being hit by a reckless driver include : * Broken bones / fractured bones
* Neck / back pain
* Spinal cord injuries
* Contusions
* Blood loss / loss of consciousness
* Emotional trauma
These injuries can negatively impact any persons life , both physically and financially .
Most often , reckless driving victims are forced to seek extensive medical treatment in order to recover fully from their accidents , but many people cannot afford this treatment .
However , when a reckless driver hits an innocent person can causes an accident , that driver might owe the victim compensation .
If you or a loved one has been involved in a reckless driving accident because another driver hit you , contact an experienced car accident attorney today to discuss your possibility for obtaining compensation .
read more
Nursing Home Emotional Abuse Posted by Personal Injury , Personal Injury Law | 0 comments Posted by Steven on Dec 7 , 2012 in Nursing Home Abuse
As parents and grandparents age , providing them with the level of care they need can become difficult and many families must make the decision to move their loved ones into a nursing home .
For many people , this can be a vast improvement due to the availability of nurses and medical care , as well as comfortable living arrangements .
Unfortunately , this is not always the case .
One of the most troubling issues with nursing home care is the potential for abuse that exists .
While most individuals working in nursing homes are not perpetrators of abuse and are diligent in preventing abuse of any kind against their residents , this is not always the case .
In fact , a study done between the years of 1999 and 2001 concluded that nearly one - third of all nursing homes had abuse violations .
Anytime abuse happens in a nursing home , whether it is at the hands of an employee , another resident , or anyone else , it is unacceptable .
When abuse is suspected or uncovered , the nursing home may be taken to court for their negligence and role in perpetuating the situation .
Nursing Home Emotional Abuse
While physical abuse is often easier to detect , emotional abuse may slip under the radar .
Some of the common types of emotional abuse that happen against elderly residents include : Verbal abuse
Isolation
Humiliation Emotional abuse can have a dramatic impact on the well - being of a nursing home resident .
It can not only affect their emotional well - being , but can also have effects on their physical health due to the stress it may cause .
If you notice signs of stress , depression , or anxiety in your loved one , it may be due to emotional abuse .
No family should have to put up with any type of abuse perpetuated against their loved ones .
If someone you love has been the victim of abuse in a nursing home facility , you have the option of taking legal action against that facility for the damage done to your loved one ’s state of well - being .
To learn more about your legal options , contact an experienced nursing home abuse lawyer .
read more
Repetitive Motion Injuries Posted by 2 comments Posted by Steven on Nov 23 , 2012 in Business Many workers across the country are expected to complete certain tasks and physical actions every single day , which creates a repetitive loop of some motions .
While these actions may not be strenuous or exhausting on their own , performing them frequently for sustained periods of time can have a cumulatively harmful effect on the worker .
Continuous tasks that become harmful frequent result in repetitive motion injuries , which tend to develop over time .
These adverse effects are not the result of one incident , but rather occur from gradual wear and stress .
If a worker does not seek treatment or sufficient time to recover for a repetitive motion injury , they run the risk of enduring intense pain and a potentially deteriorating physical condition .
Types of Injuries Caused by Repetitive Motion Repetitive motion injuries can come in many different forms because they are dependent on the particular job the worker is performing , which dictates the parts of the body that endure constant stress .
Body parts such as muscles , ligaments , tendons , and joins are the most commonly injured , leading to injuries such as : Bursitis
Tendonitis
Carpal tunnel syndrome Repetitive motion injuries are particularly insidious because they cause the afflicted worker constant pain in addition to preventing them from working , which makes seeking medical treatment and taking time off for recovery that much more of a burden .
Fortunately , employees who have suffered such injuries while on the job may be able to seek benefits from their company ’s workers ’ compensation insurance provider .
Most companies of a certain size are required to have a workers ’ compensation policy which can be called upon in the event of an injury .
Taking Action
If you have suffered a repetitive motion injury while at work , you may want to consider filing a workers compensation claim in order to pursue benefits for your lost wages , medical treatments , and other expenses .
A workers ’ compensation lawyer can guide you through the lengthy and complex filing process in order to give your application the best chance for approval .
read more
Reckless Driving Dangers Posted by Law , Personal Injury , Personal Injury Law | 1 comment Posted by Steven on Nov 18 , 2012 in Auto Accident Law
It ’s an unfortunate fact that reckless drivers cause many accidents in the United States on an annual basis .
While many reckless driving accidents are preventable , drivers fail to adhere to traffic rules and cause serious accidents every day , causing far too many innocent people to sustain serious injuries .
There are many different behaviors and driving practices that can constitute reckless driving , but each one is dangerous in its own right .
Victims of reckless driving often complain of injuries like head trauma , lacerations , broken bones , and other serious injuries , and many of these can result in the need for medical treatment .
Sometimes such treatment is beyond the financial means of the victims , giving them no way to address their injuries .
However , victims of dangerous drivers can sometimes take action against the reckless driver who caused them or a loved one an injury or expense , which can potentially result in compensation for an accident .
Dangerous Driving Practices
There are many different kinds of reckless driving behaviors and all can threaten the safety of a driver and anyone else who is on the road .
Some common dangerous driving practices include : Following others too closely
Exceeding the speed limit
Running through red lights or stop signs
Refusing to yield right - of - way
Drinking and driving
Using technology while driving
These are all dangerous behaviors that might lead to a serious car accident .
Many such accidents result in significant injuries of innocent people , and can cause them both physical pain and financial stress .
However , victims can sometimes get help with their costs through legal action .
If you or someone you know has been injured in a car accident because of a reckless driver , you might be eligible for financial compensation .
Contact an experienced car accident lawyer today to discuss your legal position .
read more
Unpaid Commissions Posted by Law , Litigation | 1 comment Posted by Steven on Nov 13 , 2012 in Employment Law Some employees work for their salary on the basis of commission , which means that their performance on the job dictates how much they earn .
Many such employees , quite understandably , make the effort to work extremely hard to ensure that they earn the maximum amount in order to meet their financial obligations .
Unfortunately , there are employers who take advantage of their hard working employees by refusing to pay the full amount of compensation owed to them for their commissions .
This selfish and malicious behavior can put a worker in a very difficult financial situation , which is compounded by the stress of hard work that only brings inequitable pay .
Details of Unpaid Commissions
The most common reasons that employees are denied compensation for completing a commission is that they leave the company before receiving payment .
Many companies have provisions such that if an employee leaves after successfully and accurately completing a sale , they will still receive compensation for the commission .
A few details to keep in mind about unpaid commissions are : Compliance with the companys commission rules
Completing the commission
Building a case that clearly demonstrates right to wages earned Depriving an employee of rightfully earned income is illegal , and a victim of such practices may be able to hold their employer or former employer liable that harmful practice .
While it may seem difficult to demand commission compensation from a past employer , utilizing the service of an experienced lawyer can increase your chances of earning back your fair wages .
Legal Options
If your employer has refused to pay you for your commissions , you should consider taking legal action in order to secure your earnings .
It may be in your best interest to contact a employment attorney , who can help protect your right to earned wages by pursuing the financial compensation that you may deserve .
read more
Common Injuries Caused By Motorcycle Accidents Posted by Personal Injury , Personal Injury Law | 2 comments Posted by Steven on Nov 6 , 2012 in Auto Accident Law Motorcyclists enjoy many benefits of their smaller , more fuel - efficient vehicles .
They often can find easier parking spots and they tend to pay less for gasoline , in addition to other benefits specific to particular individuals .
However , with these benefits also sometimes comes an increased risk for sustaining a serious injury in the event of an accident .
Many other drivers disregard the rights of motorcyclists on the road and refuse to give them the driving respect that they legally have .
Despite the fact that motorcyclists have the same legal rights as other drivers , sometimes they are put at serious risk for injury because of other drivers and their reckless behaviors .
A motorcyclist is inherently more at risk for a serious injury if he or she is hit by a driver of a regular vehicle , simply because he or she is more exposed than the other driver , who is protected by the shell of the vehicle .
Because of the greater susceptibility to be thrown from a motorcycle , a motorcyclist has the potential to sustain serious injuries .
Some common injuries that are reported in association with motorcycle accidents include : Broken bones / fractured bones
Head trauma / brain injuries
Road rash / serious lacerations
Contusions / bruising
Spine / back injuries
All of these injuries can be very serious , and many require extensive medical treatment in order for a person to fully recover .
Unfortunately , many motorcyclists are unable to pay for the treatment that is necessary for them to recover , leaving them unable to seek medical attention .
But if a motorcyclist is injured by the reckless driving of another person , he or she might actually be due monetary compensation .
If you or someone you care about has been hurt in a motorcycle accident because of a reckless or otherwise dangerous driver , you could qualify for a lawsuit .
Contact an experienced personal injury attorney today to learn more about your legal options .
read more
Airplane Accidents Posted by 5 comments Posted by Steven on Oct 26 , 2012 in Law Traveling by plane has become a staple form of transportation for many industries and individuals .
People can easily travel , for business or leisure , to areas that would otherwise be inaccessible to them .
However , air travel is not always safe for passengers , who are sometimes put at risk of severe or even deadly injuries .
These accidents often result from negligent errors on the part of the airline , its employees , or the plane manufacturers .
As passengers , we trust that the planes we are traveling in have been designed properly , and that they are piloted and maintained responsibly .
Any negligence that causes an accident is completely beyond a passengers control and could result in devastating personal injuries .
Common Causes of Airplane Accidents Airplanes are very complex vehicles that rely on the successful integration of various technological and mechanical systems in order to run correctly .
These systems must be kept in working order to ensure that no errors occur mid-flight , or at any other time .
Additionally , those employees responsible for maintaining or piloting the plane must be sufficiently trained in order to successfully perform their jobs .
A passenger might experience accidents on an aircraft for some of the following reasons : Pilot error , due to sleepiness or distraction
Pilot intoxication , by alcohol or other drugs
Insufficient vehicle maintenance
Mechanical defect on the plane
Air traffic controller mistake Injuries sustained from an airplane accident could cause an individual to suffer severe losses , such as expensive medical bills and lost wages , which they may be able to hold the responsible airline , employees , or manufacturer liable for .
Legal Options
If you have suffered an injury because of an airplane accident , you should consider contacting a Louisville personal injury lawyer who can provide you with proficient legal advice on your available options for pursuing the financial compensation that you may deserve .
read more
DAMASCUS ( Reuters ) - Syrian users of Facebook said on Friday the authorities had blocked access to the social network Web site as part of a crackdown on political activism on the Internet .
A person uses a computer in this undated file image .
Syrian users of Facebook said on Friday the authorities had blocked access to the social network Web site as part of a crackdown on political activism on the Internet .
REUTERS / Sherwin Crasto
“ Facebook helped further civil society in Syria and form civic groups outside government control .
This is why it has been banned , ” women ’s rights advocate Dania al - Sharif told Reuters .
“ They cut off communications between us and the outside world .
We are used to this behavior from our government , ” said Mais al - Sharbaji , who set up a Facebook group for amateur Syrian photographers .
There was no comment form the government , which has intensified a campaign against bloggers , virtual opinion forums and independent media sites in recent months .
Syria has been under emergency rule since the Baath Party took power in a 1963 coup .
No public criticism of the party and the powerful security apparatus is allowed .
Scores of dissidents have been jailed over the past year .
Thousands in Syrian use Facebook to communicate with relatives and friends abroad .
The social network also links groups with political and cultural interests .
Syrians who have pages on the site include businessmen with links to the ruling class and pro-government commentators .
Ammar al - Qurabi , head of the National Association for Human Rights , said little independent political content published by Syrians on the Internet is now tolerated .
“ We have asked officials and they said Facebook could become a conduit for Israeli penetration of our youth , but the real reason for blocking the forum because it provides for criticism of the authorities , ” Qurabi said .
“ There is now an ‘ Internet political crimes ’ ward at one prison .
Internet cafes have been required to limit their communications services , ” said Qurabi .
Activists who have published Internet articles are often summoned for interrogation and several have been arrested .
Dozens of sites have been banned for what officials deem as subversive activity .
Even Microsoft Hotmail is regularly blocked .
There is no access to scores of newspapers on the Web , such as the Lebanese daily an - Nahar and al - Quds al - Arabi , which is published in London by veteran Palestinian journalist Abdel - Bari Atwan .
The Internet started spreading in Syria only when President Bashar al - Assad succeeded his father , Hafez al - Assad , in 2000 .
Bashar held the title of head of the Syrian Computer Society before becoming president .
The entire debate when it comes to fossil fuels and climate change is focused on demand , the consumption of fossil fuels and the resultant emissions .
This is not the only approach .
Here I propose an alternative approach that totally ignores emissions but instead focuses on the extraction of fossil fuels from the ground .
The key objective in the face of climate change is to reduce the atmospheric concentration of carbon dioxide from the combustion of fossil fuel .
Certainly there are other aspects , it would be useful not to cut down forests for example and there are other greenhouse gasses but as this is The Oil Drum we ’ll focus on fossil fuels and CO2 .
Last month I was at an event where George Monbiot ( www.monbiot.com ) , the environmentalist writer for The Guardian newspaper and energetic campaigner on climate change gave a speech .
The speeches and Q&A sessions were interesting enough but as the event wore on I grew more and more uneasy as it dawned on me that the speakers and several hundred people in the room were missing what seemed to me to be the key issue .
People were only talking about demand .
About aviation expansion , food miles , road construction , China ’s coal power stations etc. .
This created an unwieldy monster with 6.5 billion individuals and millions of corporate and government stakeholders .
The way forward seemed impossible .
This observation characterises the whole climate change debate – it only considers demand .
The solution is identified as behavioural and technological change delivering reduced demand and resulting emissions .
The Kyoto Protocol , whilst its objective is :
“ stabilization of greenhouse gas concentrations in the atmosphere at a level that would prevent dangerous anthropogenic interference with the climate system . ”
... attempts to achieve this by signatories all reducing their emissions by agreed percentages .
The language of the climate change debate is emissions , national and per person .
Carbon trading and offsetting is presented as a way of using the market to achieve cost effective emission reductions .
I think there are problems with such a demand focused approach .
Let ’s go back to first principles .
Climate change is largely caused by increased CO2 concentrations in the atmosphere .
This comes about from the combustion of carbon rich fossil fuels pumped or mined from the Earth .
To be successful , any action that hopes to reduce the atmospheric CO2 concentration from what it would otherwise have been must result in reduced fossil fuel extraction from the Earth ( one exception to this rule is post - combustion sequestration ) .
When considering action the following simple test should always be applied :
Will considered action leave fossil fuels in the ground that would otherwise be extracted ?
This seems blindingly obvious however I do n’t see anyone asking or evaluating this question , certainly nobody did in the meeting last month .
When I started looking at this I realised it was not at all obvious that the current approaches to climate change would pass that test .
The difficulty is that the relationship between demand and supply is anything but absolute .
One comment from Monbiot particularly grated .
He was talking about flying to Sydney and stated that if you chose not to fly you were making an immediate carbon saving ( as apposed to offsetting the flight where the saving was at least delayed if it ever happened at all ) .
Does tearing up your ticket to Sydney reduce carbon emissions ?
Ask the question , have some fossil fuels been left in the ground that would otherwise be extracted ?
The answer , absolutely not , and I ’m not talking about how the plane ’s still going to fly without you .
I ’m talking about the fact that oil extraction is not determined by demand , it ’s determined by supply .
It has been since earlier this decade when the market price diverged markedly from the production costs .
We know the market price has diverged from production costs as the amount of money the oil companies are spending on exploration and production has not increased in step – resulting in a the large profits reported in recent years .
Source : Energy Watch Group Oil report Oct 2007
When a market exhibits this it means there is shortage , marginal supply is no longer determined by marginal price as it would be in a normal market and as such whether you fly to Sydney or not , even assuming British Airways then burns less oil that day as a result , does absolutely nothing for global oil production .
It fails the test and does nothing for atmospheric CO2 concentrations .
With BA bidding for slightly less fuel , the market price will be marginally reduced enabling the previously marginally out - priced consumer to take up the slack .
Some reallocation will have occurred , however Exxon ’s production and resultant global CO2 emissions will remain unchanged .
An Alternative Approach
There is another way .
Instead of attempting to change the behaviour or technology of billions of stakeholders we could instead just concentrate on the few dozen fossil fuel producing countries .
A few dozen vs. billions – that has to be easier ?
If a government accepts that climate change is serious , that atmospheric concentrations of CO2 must be reduced , all they have to do is to reduce the extraction of fossil fuel from their territory .
We do n’t even need to worry that there could be dozens of companies operating in a country – the government licences their operations .
To grasp just how simple this is we can return to oil .
Oil is extracted from ~ 98 countries in the world today .
In ~60 of these countries oil extraction is already in terminal decline ( Oil Depletion Atlas ) .
Would the US sign up to an international climate change bill that only had one clause :
Annual oil extraction from the USA will reduce from year to year .
Almost 40 years after peak production , the US will have no difficulty signing that bill .
There are arguably only about 30 countries in the world with an ability to maintain or increase oil production .
Convince the governments of these 30 countries to reduce their annual oil extraction rather than maintain or increase it and global CO2 emissions from oil are guaranteed to fall .
Of course the countries artificially curtaining their production may feel this unfair , why should they alone bear the cost ?
This issue of fairness could be addressed two ways , by asking all countries to artificially curtail extraction or by financially compensating those concerned .
See Ecuador below .
We have n’t had to convince billions of people , we have n’t had to build new vehicle fleets or infrastructure , we have n’t had to do anything other than pass and enforce a single line of legislation in a couple of dozen governments , many of whom already agree that climate change is serious enough to do something about .
The resulting impact on emissions would be immediate .
The same can be said for coal .
Here the numbers are even better ; only 10 countries are responsible for 96 % of the world ’s hard coal extraction ( World Coal Institute ) .
Convince these governments to extract less and the job is done .
Also six countries ( USA , China , India , Russia , South Africa , Australia ) hold 84 % of world hard coal reserves .
Four out of these six ( USA , Russia , China , Australia ) also account for 78 % of world brown coal reserves ( COAL - The Roundup ) .
Partial Adoption
Oil Depletion Protocol
No country shall produce oil at above its current Depletion Rate .
www.oildepletionprotocol.org
Ecuador
Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa and his government say that if the international community can compensate the country with half of the forecasted lost revenues , Ecuador will leave the oil in Yasuni National Park undisturbed to protect the park 's biodiversity and indigenous peoples living in voluntary isolation .
" The first option is to leave that oil in the ground , but the international community would have to compensate us for immense sacrifice that a poor country like Ecuador would have to make , " said Correa in a recent radio address .
President Correa estimates the compensation figure at around US $ 350 million per year .
...
The oil fields , known as Ishpingo - Tiputini - Tambococha , ITT , are the largest untapped oil fields in Ecuador .
They have been estimated by Ecuador 's government and analysts to contain 900 million to one billion barrels of oil equivalent , about a quarter of the country 's known reserves .
Reference
Another problem with the conventional demand based approach is that a partial solution does n’t cut it .
If the UK reduced the oil consumption by 10 % , that newly freed up resource would be consumed by another country .
However with the supply focused approach , if Saudi Arabia reduced its oil extraction by 10 % , close to 1 million barrels per day , global oil supply ( and the CO2 emissions associated with it ) would fall .
The same can not be said for the current approach .
In the case of oil there already exists a framework to mandate reduced extraction rates from countries that otherwise would increase their production .
The Oil Depletion Protocol originally proposed by Colin Campbell states amongst other things : Depletion rate is defined as annual production as a percentage of the estimated amount left to produce .
A supply side approach has also been suggested by Ecuador with respect to their largest untapped oil fields in the heart of the Ecuadorian Amazon .
This approach passes the test .
Fossil fuels will be left in the ground that would otherwise be extracted .
The report was from April 2007 , I ’m not aware of subsequent developments .
Such wealth transfer is not without its problems though as a recent communication with David Fleming highlighted .
It would transfer a lot of money to low - dependency nations , which might well be spent building highly energy dependent systems .
Money will be transferred away from high - dependency nations , just when they need it to achieve the massive turn round in their economies .
Traditional societies could be disrupted by sudden inflows of wealth .
Tradable Energy Quotas ( TEQs )
Whilst this article has considered supply reductions and is critical of the current demand driven approach , if implemented without addressing demand the consequence could be brutal .
The traditional market based approach could lead to a highly inequitable collapse in order for demand to match supply .
Any Governments favouring a more orderly response would be wise to adopt Tradable Energy Quotas ( TEQs ) as detailed here : www.teqs.net
TEQs is an energy - based , national system that enables a country to reduce its reliance on fossil fuel fast whilst ensuring fair access to energy for all .
Conclusion
Attempting to reduce atmospheric concentrations by demand side approaches is unlikely to succeed as it relies on billions of stakeholders making behavioural and technological changes .
A partial adoption delivers a disproportionably small response and possibly none at all .
A supply side approach achieved through extraction limits , agreed by a small number of governments removes the complexity associated with billions of stakeholders .
There also exists the opportunity to compensate this small number of countries for lost revenue .
Whilst this artificial limitation of global fossil fuel supplies will create energy shortages , if the climate change predictions are correct this is likely to be preferable to the impact of climate change from unchecked extraction and combustion of fossil fuels .
In any event , as fossil fuels are finite their reduced supply is inevitable .
Should we reduce their supply before and in mitigation of dangerous climate change or after and cause dangerous climate change ?
Seaside 2.8 Released !!
28 October , 2007
After a beta phase of two months we release the final version of Seaside 2.8 .
Most bugs fixed during this period were either long standing ( already in 2.7 ) , minor or portability related , Together with the dozens of Seaside 2.8 applications already in production today this gives a pretty good feeling about this version .
A special mention goes to Roger Whitney , thanks to him we went from 99 commented classes to 144 .
This release brings major performance and memory improvements :
The rendering speed of an average page is up to twice as fast as with previous versions , because of the new character encoding architecture .
An average application requires up to four times less memory than with previous versions .
The reason for this is the optimized object backtracking and the reduction of stored continuations .
We have a list of new features [ 1 ] and a migration guide [ 2 ] on our homepage .
Squeak users can get it either from SqueakMap , Universes or directly via Monticello ( Seaside2.8a1-lr.518 ) .
A special note for Squeak users , do not load Seaside 2.8 into an image that has already Seaside 2.7 in it .
If you use Squeak 3.7 you will have to load SeasideSqueak37 as well .
VisualWorks users can get it form Store ( 2.8a1-lr.518 , tkogan ) .
GemStone / S users can load Seaside2.8g1-dkh.522 .
[ 1 ]
http://www.seaside.st/community/development/seaside28
[ 2 ]
http://www.seaside.st/documentation/migration
Cheers
The Seaside Team
When you think about the most influential people in history , scientists definitely earn a spot beside heroes and philanthropists .
With a whole lot of genius and a bit of madness , these minds shaped the world through discovery .
Surprise yourself with things you probably never knew about the famous scientists of our time .
Quick Facts Essential Facts Interesting Details About 7 million scientists in the world practice their field .
There are 3 main branches of science : formal science , natural science , and social science .
Scholars acknowledge Aristotle as the first scientist .
Nobel Prize awardees are called Nobel Laureates .
A total of 923 scientists and 27 organizations have received Nobel Prizes .
William
Whewell coined the English word “ scientist ” in the 19th century .
Scientists established the branches of science in the late 19th century .
The first medical texts came from 1600 B.C. in Ancient Egypt .
Galen proposed that the brain facilitates thoughts , not the heart .
Ibn al - Haytham created the first accurate model of vision .
Before William
Harvey studied the circulatory system , people believed that the liver pumped blood .
The Montgolfier brothers conducted the first manned flight in 1783 .
Edward Jenner created the first vaccine in 1796 .
Eunice Foote discovered the greenhouse effect in 1856 .
Paul Ehrlich engineered the first antibiotic to treat syphilis in 1909 .
Isaac Newton invented calculus .
Leonardo da Vinci first proposed the concept of contact lenses .
Galileo Galilei was the first man to see the moon ’s surface .
The youngest scientist to win a Nobel Prize became a Laureate at 25 years old .
Archimedes popularized the term , “ Eureka ! ” when he discovered the principle of displacement .
Table of Contents 01 Albert Einstein married his cousin .
02 Charles Darwin did not form the theory of evolution alone .
03 Marie Curie is the only person to win Nobel prizes in two different sciences .
04 Francis Crick helped discover the structure of DNA and believed we came from aliens .
05 Stephen Hawking was told he would n’t live past 23 .
06 The credit for the discovery of DNA is disputed .
07 Isaac Newton ’s father died 3 months before he was born .
08 Inge Lehmann lived past 100 years old .
09 Nikola Tesla probably had OCD .
10 Dmitry Mendeleev set the foundation for the Periodic Table with his Periodic Law . 11 Marie Curie was not her real name .
12 When he died , Einstein ’s brain was given to scientists .
13 William Buckland wanted to try eating the whole animal kingdom .
14 Carl Linnaeus ’ parents wanted him to be a priest .
15 Alexander Graham
Bell wanted people to answer calls with “ Ahoy ! ” 16 Stephen Hawking never won a Nobel Prize .
17 Isaac Newton believed that the world will end after 2060 .
18 Thomas Edison electrocuted an elephant to death to prove a point .
19
The father of electricity lived his childhood in poverty .
20 Galileo Galilei created the scientific method .
21 Athanasius Kircher was a scientist who believed in mythological beasts .
22 The Office of Alien Property Custodian confiscated Nikola Tesla ’s inventions .
23 Thomas Edison did n’t invent the lightbulb .
24 Galileo Galilei first discovered that other planets have moons .
25 Marie Curie had to go to a Flying University .
26 Marie Curie ’s items are still radioactive .
27 Alfred Nobel funded the Nobel Prize through explosives .
28 Leonardo da Vinci wrote his ideas backwards to avoid plagiarism .
29 Charles Darwin never converted to Christianity .
30 Rosalind Franklin was extremely blunt .
Albert Einstein married his cousin .
If you think about it , the name Einstein is almost synonymous to science .
One of the most famous scientists in history , Albert Einstein set the foundation for modern physics through redefining the process of time , matter , space , energy , and gravity .
However , you would n’t expect that the man behind the E = mc2 equation married his first - degree cousin .
Albert Einstein pursued a relationship with his cousin Elsa while still married to his first wife , physicist Mileva Marić .
After divorcing Marić on February 14 , 1919 , Einstein remarried with Elsa three years later .
Elsa and Albert married as maternal first cousins , since their mothers were sisters and their fathers were first cousins .
The Einsteins did not have children together , but raised Ilse and Margot – Elsa ’s children from a previous marriage – as their own .
Charles Darwin did not form the theory of evolution alone .
Charles Darwin often takes credit for the theory of Evolution since penning On the Origin of Species in 1859 .
However , Darwin actually collaborated with fellow British naturalist Alfred Russel Wallace in discovering the patterns and theories of evolution .
During Darwin ’s time in the Galapagos Islands , Wallace conducted observations of his own in modern - day Indonesia .
From a distance , the two naturalists communicated through letters .
Together , they discovered that animals have to adapt to their environment to survive .
Darwin and Wallace went on to co-author the 1858 paper , On the Tendency of Species to form Varieties ; and on the Perpetuation of Varieties and Species by Natural Means of Selection .
Just another detail that people often miss about these famous scientists .
Marie Curie is the only person to win Nobel prizes in two different sciences .
Marie Curie is the only scientist in history to win Nobel prizes in two different categories : she was awarded her first Nobel Prize in Physics in 1903 for her work on radiation , and a Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 2011 for her discovery and work on radium and polonium .
Eventually , the Curies ’ dedication to science earned them an element in the Periodic Table and a place among the most famous scientists of all time .
Read also : More Amazing Science Facts
Francis Crick helped discover the structure of DNA and believed we came from aliens .
Francis Crick received a Nobel Prize in Physiology Or Medicine in 1962 with James D. Watson and Maurice Wilkins for their work on DNA .
Despite the controversy of that award , Crick undoubtedly had a brilliant mind that made great contributions to molecular biology and science .
However , in the 1970s , Crick became a believer of “ directed panspermia ” – a pseudoscientific origin theory that all life on Earth came from aliens .
Stephen Hawking was told he would n’t live past 23 .
One of the most influential people in science is Stephen Hawking , for his lifelong attempts to grasp the universe .
Hawking left a legacy not just by challenging the concepts of space and time , but as a standout personality in the science community .
His best - known work , A Brief History of Time , set a Guinness World Record for remaining a Sunday Times bestseller for 4 years straight .
Hawking jokingly called it the most unread bestseller of all - time , since people rarely understood the concepts in the book .
At 21 , Hawking was diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ( ALS ) , a motor neuron disease that deteriorated his voluntary muscle control .
When he was diagnosed , doctors gave him only 2 years to live .
However , Hawking lived to a full age of 76 years - old , long outliving the doctors ’ diagnosis .
The credit for the discovery of DNA is disputed .
The Nobel Peace Prize awarded only James D. Watson , Francis Crick , and Maurice Wilkins for the discovery of the double - helix structure of DNA .
However , the validity of their credit has been subject to speculation in the science community .
Rosalind Franklin proposed the idea of DNA ’s helical structure in a presentation at King ’s College , way before Watson , Crick and Wilkins discovered the double helix .
As a result , both sides fought for the credits to the discovery .
However , it was ultimately the three colleagues that received the Nobel Prize and became known among famous scientists .
Isaac Newton ’s father died 3 months before he was born .
Before Newton ’s apple discovery inspired one of the biggest brands in the world , it paved the way for modern physics .
Considered as one of the fathers of the field , Newton ’s Laws of Motion set the fundamentals of what we know about physics today .
Additionally , his law of gravity provided the best understanding of its principles .
However , he never got to meet his real father .
Working as a farmer for most of his life , Isaac Newton Sr. died 3 months before his son was born .
As a result , Isaac Newton had to stay with his maternal grandmother as his mother remarried .
Despite his education being interrupted by attempts to sway him into farming , Newton went on to be one of the most famous scientists in the field .
Inge Lehmann lived past 100 years old .
Danish seismologist Inge Lehmann was the first scientist to refute the common belief that the Earth had a completely molten center .
In 1936 , Lehmann discovered that the Earth ’s core had 2 parts : a molten outer core , and a solid inner core .
Aside from redefining the fundamentals of Earth science , Lehmann distinguished herself from other famous scientists by living to the age of 104 .
Nikola Tesla probably had OCD .
People often associate a high intellect with a tendency for quirks , and Nikola Tesla proved just that .
Aside from being one of the forefathers of electricity with his alternating current , Tesla made a reputation for himself as a man with compulsive habits .
Tesla refused to touch hair , pearls , and anything round or dirty .
Tesla also fixated on the number 3 , and would always walk around a building 3 times before entering it .
Before each meal , Tesla would use exactly 18 napkins to polish his dining utensils until they sparkled .
Yet , for all his quirks , Tesla remains as one of the most famous scientists of his time .
Read also : 48 Interesting Number Facts That Count
Dmitry Mendeleev set the foundation for the Periodic Table with his Periodic Law .
You ’ve probably never heard of him in your science textbooks , but among the famous chemists that changed the world was Dmitry Mendeleev .
In 1869 , Mendeleev proposed the Periodic Law , which first stated that the chemical elements formed groups with similar properties once arranged by atomic weight .
He used the law to predict undiscovered elements and fix errors in atomic weights .
Marie Curie was not her real name .
Marie Curie was born in Poland as Maria Salomea Skłodowska .
When she applied to the College of Sorbonne in Paris , she wrote her name as “ Marie ” to appear more French .
Before being one of the most famous scientists , she consistently aced her way to the top of her class .
When he died , Einstein ’s brain was given to scientists .
On April 1955 , Albert Einstein died from an abdominal aortic aneurysm .
Einstein ’s dying wish was to have his body cremated .
However , Princeton pathologist Thomas Harvey removed his brain during the autopsy .
Harvey kept the brain in hopes of studying it and unlocking Einstein ’s genius .
Upon the consent of Einstein ’s son , Harvey cut the brain into pieces which he distributed to other scientists for research .
William Buckland wanted to try eating the whole animal kingdom .
William Buckland made a name for himself in the 19th century by being the first to write a full description of a fossil that he called the Megalosaurus .
Despite his contribution to paleontology , Buckland had strange tastes .
Namely , Buckland claimed to have eaten mice , porpoises , panthers , bluebottle flies , as well as King Louis XIV ’s preserved heart .
Carl Linnaeus ’ parents wanted him to be a priest .
Science and religion are often two sides of a spectrum , always meant to clash .
Carl Linnaeus ’ life shows evidence of this .
Known as the Father of Taxonomy , Carl Linnaeus established the system for naming , ranking , and classifying organisms that we still use today .
For a man of many names ( Carl von Linné , Carolus Linnaeus ) , it makes sense that his legacy lies in naming things .
However , before pursuing his career in biology , Linnaeus ’ parents had wished for him to dedicate his life to the Church .
Alexander Graham
Bell wanted people to answer calls with “ Ahoy ! ”
When the public started using the telephone in the 1800s , inventor Alexander Graham Bell decided that phone calls should be answered with “ ahoy ” instead of “ hello . ”
However , Thomas Edison wanted users to answer the phone with “ Hello . ” Edison ’s term won out – and by 1880 , “ ahoy ” was just something a pirate would say .
Read also : 20 Cool Facts About Prime Numbers That Will Surprise You
Stephen Hawking never won a Nobel Prize .
Despite his extensive work as a theoretical physicist and cosmologist , Stephen Hawking never received any Nobel Prizes .
Guess that happens a lot even with the most famous scientists .
Isaac Newton believed that the world will end after 2060 .
Based on a Bible passage , Newton believed that the apocalypse will come some time after the year 2060 .
Thomas Edison electrocuted an elephant to death to prove a point .
To prove that his direct current was safer than Nikola Tesla ’s alternating current , Thomas Edison conducted a public experiment on an elephant .
In 1903 , Edison filmed an elephant getting fried by alternating current in Coney Island .
Luna Park Zoo offered Topsy the Asian elephant for the experiment , since she had killed 3 handlers throughout the years .
Topsy would n’t be Edison ’s only victim , since he recorded other animals being electrocuted as well .
The father of electricity lived his childhood in poverty .
Michael Faraday had to work at the age of 13 to sustain himself , since his father was often ill .
However , he still went on to contribute to what we know about electricity today .
Galileo Galilei created the scientific method .
Galileo Galilei pioneered science through developing the earliest experimental scientific method and the functional telescope .
Athanasius Kircher was a scientist who believed in mythological beasts .
Known by many as the Master of a Hundred Arts , Athanasius Kircher studied everything from science and medicine to religion .
However , he firmly believed in the existence of mermaids , giants , and dragons .
Kircher ’s case proves that with these famous scientists , there ’s a very thin line between genius and madness .
Read also : 70 Intriguing Sleep Facts That Will Mess With Your Mind
The Office of Alien Property Custodian confiscated Nikola Tesla ’s inventions .
From WWI to WWII , the U.S. government delegated an Office of Alien Property Custodian that confiscated foreign weapons and explosives .
When Nikola Tesla died in 1943 , the Office of Alien Property seized the Serbian - American ’s belongings and unreleased inventions .
Thomas Edison did n’t invent the lightbulb .
Although he often takes credit for it , Thomas Edison was not the first man to create a lightbulb .
However , he made the first fully - functional lighbulb in 1879 .
Earlier versions of lightbulbs were made by Warren de La Rue and Joseph Swan .
their inventions had the concept down , but their versions could not sustain prolonged practical use .
Galileo Galilei first discovered that other planets have moons .
In 1610 , Galileo Galilei observed 4 objects around Jupiter that were n’t stars .
At the time , people did not receive his claims well .
Even the most famous scientists of their time rejected Galilei ’s discovery .
However , the satellites turned out to be Jupiter ’s moons :
Io , Callisto , Europa and Ganymede .
Scientists renamed the moons as the Galilean satellites in Galileo ’s honor .
Marie Curie had to go to a Flying University .
No , Marie Curie did n’t apply to aviation school .
However , Marie had to study at a “ flying university ” that constantly changed locations to remain undetected by the government .
After collecting her high school diploma , Marie wished to study at the University of Warsaw with her sister , Bronia .
During that time , the University of Warsaw did n’t accept women , so the siblings instead enrolled at the Flying University , a Polish college that accepted women .
Maria only got to study at a formal college in 1891 at the Sorbonne College in Paris .
Marie Curie ’s items are still radioactive .
Long after Marie Curie died of aplastic anemia in 1934 , her belongings still remain radioactive biohazards .
From her notebooks to everyday items like cookbooks , all her things are stored in lead - lined boxes .
It will take an estimated 1,500 years for Curie ’s items to be safe to handle .
Alfred Nobel funded the Nobel Prize through explosives .
Despite establishing the highest recognition for scientists , Alfred Nobel was born into extreme poverty .
However , his work with science led him to produce dynamite and other explosives .
He went on to establish the Nobel Peace Prize in 1895 that has awarded most of the famous scientists we know today .
Read also : 40 Nobel Prize Facts That You Should Know About
Leonardo da Vinci wrote his ideas backwards to avoid plagiarism .
Leonardo da Vinci ’s unique perspective is revealed by the diagrams , sketches , notes and observations in his notebooks .
In his time as a military and marine engineer for the duke of Milan , Leonardo started collecting his thoughts in notebooks from the mid-1480s .
That may sound just like anyone ’s school notes , but the catch is that he wrote everything in the Italian mirror writing of the 16th century – in reverse from right to left .
Charles Darwin never converted to Christianity .
Due to the controversy of teaching the Theory of Evolution in religious schools , rumors emerged regarding Charles Darwin ’s apparent change of heart .
According to one popular rumor , Darwin converted back to Christianity on his deathbed .
However , Darwin ’s son Francis refuted these outlandish claims .
In his autobiography , Darwin discussed agnosticism and how it suited his perspective .
In today ’s post I was going to announce the winners of my Unparadox Contest .
But then I noticed the Lake Wobegon unparadox : if the total winnings are zero , then no one ’s winnings are below average and in that sense , everyone ’s a winner !
So instead of that , I thought I ’d contribute to the general shnoodification of humankind , by discussing the same thing every other science blogger ’s discussing : Paul Davies ’s New York Times op -ed .
Over the years I have often asked my physicist colleagues why the laws of physics are what they are .
The answers vary from “ that ’s not a scientific question ” to “ nobody knows . ”
The favorite reply is , “ There is no reason they are what they are — they just are . ”
The idea that the laws exist reasonlessly is deeply anti-rational .
After all , the very essence of a scientific explanation of some phenomenon is that the world is ordered logically and that there are reasons things are as they are .
If one traces these reasons all the way down to the bedrock of reality — the laws of physics — only to find that reason then deserts us , it makes a mockery of science .
Now , I know Paul Davies : he took me out to a nice dinner in Iceland , and even quoted me next to Ludwig Wittgenstein in the epigraph of one of his papers .
And I know for a fact that his views are much more nuanced than you ’d think , if the above passage was all you were going on .
I can assure you that , if his claim that physics without metaphysics is “ a mockery of science ” reminds you of those hooded monks from Monty Python and the Holy Grail , pounding their heads with wooden boards in between mystic incantations , then you ’ve read his piece too superficially and have failed to grasp its subtler message .
But even so , reading his op - ed made me wonder : when did we , as a civilization , have a similar conversation before ?
Then I remembered : the early 1600’s !
Galileo :
Hey , I ’ve discovered that Jupiter has moons !
And that objects in free fall follow parabolic trajectories !
And that …
Jesuit schoolmen :
Ah , foolish one , but you have told us nothing about the underlying causes of motion , or what it is that imbues the lunar bodies with their lunarity .
Of what use are your so - called “ explanations ” if they rest on a foundation that is itself unexplained ?
One can hardly build a pyramid on sand !
One imagines the schoolmen feeling sorry for the naïve Galileo , with his rampant scientism and countless unexamined presuppositions .
In their minds , if Galileo had n’t explained everything then he had n’t really explained anything — and hence they themselves ( who had explained nothing ) were the wiser by far .
Four hundred years after the scientific revolution , most people still think like the Jesuit schoolmen did :
How does a toaster work ?
By converting electrical energy into heat .
But what is electricity ?
The movement of electrons through a wire .
But what are electrons ?
Fundamental particles with spin 1/2 , negative charge , mass of 10 - 27 grams …
But why do particles exist ?
Why does anything exist ?
Well , those are excellent and profound questions , and you see …
Aha !
Aha !
So science does n’t have all the answers !
Ultimately , then , science is just another form of faith !
The schoolman glances at the intermediate steps — how a toaster works , what electricity is , what electrons are — and is not only profoundly unimpressed , but baffled and annoyed that anyone thinks he should be impressed .
What are these so - called “ answers ” but irrelevant distractions from the Answer ?
What are they but the build - up to the punchline , stepping - stones on the road to the metaphysical abyss ?
Science , in the schoolman ’s mind , is just a massive con game : an attempt to distract people from the ultimate questions of essence by petty conjuring tricks like curing diseases or discovering the constituents of matter .
Even pure math is part of the con : all Wiles did was reduce Fermat ’s Last Theorem to some supposedly “ self - evident ” axioms .
But why bother with such a reduction , if you ca n’t justify the axioms or the laws of logic themselves ?
I frequently encounter the schoolmen even in my little corner of the world .
People will ask : is n’t computational complexity theory a colossal failure , since all you ever do is prove “ this problem is as hard as that other one , ” or “ this problem is hard relative to an oracle , ” and never really prove anything is hard ?
Let ’s leave aside the factual misunderstandings — we can prove certain problems are hard , etc. etc. — and concentrate on the subtext , which is :
Do n’t waste my time with the accumulated insights of the last half - century .
If you have n’t solved the P versus NP problem — and you have n’t , right ? — then are n’t you , ultimately , just as ignorant about computation as I am ?
Of course , “ does P=NP ? ” differs from “ where do the laws of physics come from ? ” in that we know , at least philosophically , what an answer to the former question would look like .
And yet , if complexity theorists ever do prove P≠NP , I ’m guessing the schoolmen will switch immediately to saying that that was merely a technical result , and that it does n’t even touch the real question , which is something else entirely .
The schoolmen ’s philosophy leads directly to a fatalist methodology .
What causes polio ?
If you say a virus , then you also have to explain what viruses are , and why they exist , and why the universe is such that viruses exist , and even why the universe itself exists .
And if you ca n’t answer all of these questions , then your so - called “ knowledge ” rests on a foundation of arbitrariness and caprice , and you ’re no better off than when you started .
So you might as well say that polio is caused by demons .
Yet so long as the schoolmen are careful — and define the “ ultimate explanation for X ” in such a way that no actual discovery about X will ever count — their position is at least logically consistent .
I ’ll even confess to a certain sympathy with it .
I ’ll even speculate that most scientists have a smidgen of schoolman inside .
All I really object to , then , is the notion that tracing every question down to what Davies calls “ the bedrock of reality ” represents a new , exciting approach to gathering knowledge — one at the cutting edge of physics and cosmology .
Say whatever else you want about the schoolman ’s way , it ’s neither new nor untried .
For most of human history , it ’s the only approach that was tried .
' Move global events as well or better . '
Key long - standing relationships with vital US partners are crumbling .
Bush and Rice have alienated America 's friends , leaving a soft - power vacuum filled by nations not naturally known to show Dems any special favors .
Chilling is the only word that describes the Denver Group 's assessment .
A dramatic global realignment appears to be in progress ( and quickening ) as the result of several factors : o
The loss of US influence as a result of the Iraq war
o A view across the globe resulting from Abu Ghraib and range of missteps that the US has lost the moral high ground it had enjoyed for decades
o A feeling among global leaders that the US is without a coherent foreign policy strategy ... a belief that has started feeding on itself and has emboldened US adversaries
o China 's rise , its smooth diplomatic technique , its re-alignment with Russia and its aggressive , clever drive to form new alliances with nations extending from Asia and Africa to South America
o Russia 's recent rise combined with Russian President Putin 's domestic popularity and his reputation for effectively standing up to the West
o The rise of non-aligned nations emboldened by the inability of the US to effectively use the extraordinary power it possesses
o A view among key global leaders that the US will be bogged down in Iraq for many years ( a view heightened by significantly by President Bush 's September 13 Iraq speech ) , thus distracted and unable to respond effectively to key political moves by the range of international players
o A recognition by the international community that the Bush Administration not only has n't been able to deal effectively with non-state actors ( e.g. terror groups like Al Qaeda ) but they are holding their own or starting to win .
As a result of these and other factors , the world , from the top tier players to fringe nations to isolated political movements and ideologies , has recognized that a giant vacuum in global power has formed ... and they 've been moving to take advantage of it with no resistance from an essentially powerless US foreign policy establishment .
Russia and China have beaten the US in forming critical energy alliances in Central Asia , in the Caucasus , in Africa and even in South America .
At the recent APEC Summit , China was the 800 pound gorilla and President Bush was relegate to " also there " status .
In 2007 , the US now longer guides the world ... at least two others ( Russia and China ) exercise power more effectively than the US .
In 2008 and beyond that number may well expand and many think this may actually stabilize the world .
The Rise of the Latin American Anti-American Alliance has n't been a topic of particular interest at DKOS .
The Denver Group is , however , far from sanguine about the corrosion of America 's influence in Latin America under Bush ; and about the impact this new anti-American alliance will have on the very cornerstone of America 's hemispheric policy .
This erosion will surely place severe constraints on any Dem administration in the future .
America 's adversaries are n't likely to willing surrender hard - won positions just because a Dem sits in the Oval Office .
Latin America and the Rise of the Anti-American Left *
In 1823 , US President James Monroe issued the Monroe Doctrine , naming all of the Western Hemisphere , and particularly Latin America under the United States ' sphere of influence .
Nearly 200 years later , the Monroe Doctrine looks like it could crumble
In 2005 - 2006 , Latin American politics have been veering to the left with the electoral victories of Evo Morales in Bolivia , Daniel Ortega in Nicaragua , and Rafael Correa in Ecuador ( and a near victory by Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador in Mexico ) .
These new leftist leaders add to current leftist regimes in Argentina , Brazil and Cuba .
Perhaps the most outspoken of the leftist leaders is US opponent Hugo Chavez in Venezuela , who was just reelected by a 23 % margin .
Already , Chavez has been making loud and brash statements on the world stage , pledging allegiance to Iran , denouncing President Bush and the United States at the United Nations , and signing trade pacts with China .
Mercosur , the regional trade agreement instituted to promote free trade throughout South America ( similar to NAFTA ) , is gaining supporters and seeks to give Latin America the same economic clout that the US and EU have ....
The Ascendant Tiger : China 's journey to the top *
Well - planned , innovative , quiet strategies on the diplomatic , economic , educational and military fronts are helping China build its power more quickly and effectively than any other global entity .
China is building a sphere of influence that extends from Asia and Africa to South America .
From the way it negotiates natural resource contracts to its new foreign aid strategies to its new military alliances , China is usurping power from its neighbors , the US and Europe .
Global
Thought believes China 's economic growth and its evolving relationships with Russia , India , Pakistan and potentially Iran , along with its quickly growing influence on non-aligned nations combined with the vacuum being created by the decline in US influence could well make it a power to match or exceed the US global political power far sooner than anyone has thought .
Chinese investment may in fact resurrect oil production in Iran �Global Thought believes its conceivable that China could end up the winner in Iraq also .
Indeed , China at present is more than matching US power as is obvious by its daily GPB positioning relative to the US .
Because many Global
Thought leaders believe the US has no strategy to counter China 's rise , watch for China to stay to the positive side of the US icon from some time to come .
Of course , the ' good ' news always comes last .
The threats facing us all have dramatically increased under George Bush , not least because Bush is simply following Republican tradition , handing out nukes like candy , eviscerating the imperfect , but highly necessary , nuclear non-proliferation treaties , and promoting policies that dramatically increase the risks of a nuclear terrorist attack .
Armageddon Watch :
The new arms race * Iran offers to share nuclear technology with its Gulf neighbors and Russia looks to assist Brazil and Argentina with nuclear development ... plower plants not bombs but how far is the jump to weaponry ?
A global arms race has begun .
The lesson from Iraq , that a country should n't bluff about having WMDs , is spreading .
North Korea and Iran are just the first to be making practical use of that lesson .
The head of the IAEA , Mohamed El Baradei , estimates that about 40 countries could develop nuclear weapons .
The concern of thought leaders is not , however , that the US or Russia will be challenged .
A big worry is that nuclear weapons will fall into the hands of non-state ideological , religious or political movements where retaliation is impossible ....
Thought leaders by a wide margin believe the shattering of the Nuclear Non-proliferation Treaty , diminishing global stability and the activist foreign policy of the US over the last 6 years have inched the nuclear genie further out of the bottle .
In recent days , Iran 's neighbors ( e.g. , Saudi Arabia ) have heated up their talk about beginning nuclear programs .
Iran cleverly has now offered to share nuclear technology within the region .
Whether Israeli PM
Olmert intentionally let his tongue slip about Israel 's nukes ( as a subtle threat ) or did it unintentionally , the race appears to be heating up
.
The Next War. Shelby Steele 's violent polemic calling for a transformational change in the way America wages war points the way to the next conflagration .
The conflagration is being planned right now .
The notion that this administration will be constrained by Congress or rule of law is patently false .
The narrative is nuclear and involves Syria , North Korea , Pakistan , Turkey , Israel , Iran , Russia , China , America and , of course , the US troops stuck in Iraq .
LOS ANGELES , California ( CNN ) --
A boy playing with matches started a Southern California wildfire that scorched more than 38,000 acres , the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department said Tuesday .
A firefighter talks on a radio while battling the Buckweed blaze on October 22 .
The Buckweed Fire , which destroyed 21 homes on its rampage , began October 21 in the Agua Dulce community .
" Our arson explosive detectives , in conjunction with the Los Angeles County Fire Department investigators , immediately began their investigation , and during the course of the investigation , it led to a juvenile suspect , " Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Deputy Tony Moore told CNN's " American Morning " Wednesday .
" After talking with that juvenile , he admitted to playing with matches , and accidentally starting the fire in that area , " he said .
Watch what 's next for young suspect »
The boy , whose name and age were not given , is home with his parents , police said .
The case will be presented to the Los Angeles County district attorney for possible charges .
According to the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection , the Buckweed Fire burned 38,526 acres .
Sixty - three structures , 21 of them homes , were destroyed , and three civilians and two firefighters were injured .
The sheriff 's department said the fire forced the evacuation of about 15,000 people .
As of Tuesday , 18 of 23 wildfires in Southern California were completely under control , and the remainder were at least 70 percent contained , according to the Department of Forestry and Fire Protection .
The fires are blamed for 14 deaths and charred more than 508,000 acres , destroying about 1,600 homes .
Five people were arrested in arson probes last week , and California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger on Saturday vowed to " hunt down " people responsible for setting wildfires .
Authorities said Saturday they were following 1,700 tips about a white Ford F - 150 pickup seen near the origin of the sprawling Santiago Fire in Orange County .
Witnesses reported seeing the 1998 - 2004 model truck with chrome tubular running boards on Santiago Canyon Road on October 21 at about the time the Santiago Fire started .
Authorities said last week they had found evidence at the scene , although they declined to describe it .
" If I were one of the people who started the fires , I would not sleep soundly right now , because we 're right behind you , " Schwarzenegger said , urging the culprits to turn themselves in .
E-mail to a friend
All About Wildfires • Arnold Schwarzenegger
ONE hundred and ten years ago , German physicist Wilhelm Roentgen announced his discovery of an invisible form of radiation that could make photographs of bones and organs inside a living human body .
At first , many scientists called the discovery of " X - rays " a hoax , but when the skeptics put Roentgen 's claims to the test , they quickly were convinced about one of the greatest discoveries in science and medicine .
Indeed , just six years after his discovery , Roentgen was awarded the first Nobel Prize in physics .
Now comes a teenage girl from Saransk , Russia , who claims to have X - ray - like vision , which lets her see inside of human bodies , to make diagnoses that often are more accurate than those of doctors .
First widely hailed in Russia as " the girl with X - ray eyes , " 17 - year - old Natasha Demkina has a growing following of patients , doctors , journalists , and others who are convinced her powers are real .
In March 2004 , the producer of a Discovery Channel documentary on Natasha asked the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal ( CSICOP ) and the affiliated Commission for Scientific Medicine and Mental Health ( CSMMH ) to scientifically test the young woman 's claims .
In response , CSICOP research fellows Ray Hyman , Ph.D. and Richard Wiseman , Ph.D. , and I designed a preliminary test for judging whether her abilities warranted further , study .
After Natasha , her mother , her agent , and the producer agreed to the test rules , we all flew to New York for filming the test on the City College of New York campus .
Dr. Hyman , professor emeritus of psychology at the University of Oregon , in Eugene , and Dr. Wiseman , professor of psychology at the University of Hertfordshire , in the United Kingdom , have extensive experience in testing people who claim paranormal powers .
I served more than nine years as an associate editor and investigative reporter for the Journal of the American Medical Association .
Based on our preliminary research , we suspected Natasha may be using a remarkably simple but convincing technique called " cold reading , " which is commonly used by psychics , astrologers , and other fortune tellers .
It works especially well with people who are eager to believe the reader and therefore inclined to interpret misses as hits .
Typically , the psychic offers a smorgasboard of statements while looking for any that are confirmed or get a reaction .
In most cases , the client willingly twists what was said to fit his or her experiences -- " a male relative with a name like James or John " is interpreted as meaning " Aunt Jane who passed away last year . "
Similarly , Natasha scans her patients from head to toe and describes a long list of abnormalities she says she sees .
When she gave me a reading , preciously few organs passed the inspection : .
My neck vertebrae were too tight , too close .
The bronchial tubes of my lungs had phlegm .
The muscle on the left side of my heart is a bit weak and the valve closes late .
The mucosa of my stomach is abnormal .
A segment of my liver was enlarged and I was suffering poor bile circulation .
The head of my pancreas is increased and abnormally dark ( although not seriously ) .
My duodenum has a little scar .
My prostate gland has a nodule and is inflamed .
My right kidney has " sand , " while my left kidney 's urethra is enlarged .
In other words , I should forget about ever again signing an organ donor card .
Neither my physician nor I are aware of any of these problems .
Nevertheless , Natasaha and her supporters claim she sees what doctors and their tests often miss .
The only way I could prove her wrong would be to submit to an autopsy -- which I 'm not quite ready to do .
So we designed a simple test that would eliminate the possibility of using cold reading to fish for correct information and to prevent Natasha from making diagnoses that could not be disproved without an autopsy .
We recruited six volunteers , who each had a different medical condition visible on X - rays , plus a " normal " subject who had none of the six target conditions .
Natasha was handed six test cards , each with a description of a target medical condition , in English and Russian .
We also provided her with anatomical drawings to make sure she understood exactly what to look for and where to look .
The target conditions were : a removed appendix , a removed lower section of the esophagus , metal staples left in the chest after surgery ; an artificial hip joint ; a surgically removed upper section of the left lung ; and a metal plate covering a removed section of the skull .
Natasha claims she can see abnormalities down to the cellular level and her mother says her readings are 100 percent accurate .
So the test -- which required her to match at least five of the target medical conditions to the correct subjects -- should have been a breeze .
She did n't have to scan their entire bodies for unknown conditions .
She was told exactly what to look for and exactly where to look .
Yet , it took her more than fours to complete the test and she only matched four of the conditions correctly -- a score that everyone prior to the test had agreed upon would not justify further testing .
Natasha 's most dramatic misdiagnosis was her failure to see a large metal plate covering a missing section of skull in a man who had a large brain tumor removed .
Instead , she indicated that she " saw " a metal plate and missing skull section in a man who had a removed appendix but normal skull .
The Discovery Channel program , The Girl with X - ray Eyes , has been broadcast in Europe and Asia , but not yet in the United States .
I hope it will be broadcast here as well .
As a well - known television doctor in the England should have learned , after being frightened by Natasha 's reading into having unnecessary invasive medical testing , getting an unfavorable horoscope from your astrologer is one thing , but getting ' medical readings ' from a psychic may prove hazardous to your health . "
Andrew A. Skolnick is the Executive Director of the Commission for Scientific Medicine and Mental Health .
Name : Ben Jones
Location : Northern Arizona , United States
To donate by mail , or to otherwise contact this blogger , please send emails to : thehousingbubble@gmail.com
Since the group is organized as a tax - exempt organization , it does not have to reveal its donors and it can not engage in certain types of partisan activities that directly support political candidates .
It denies coordinating its activities with the White House , although many of its donors and organizers are well connected to the administration , including Ari Fleischer , the former White House press secretary .
“ Ideologically , we are inspired by much of Ronald Reagan ’s thinking — peace through strength , protect and defend America , and prosperity through free enterprise , ” Mr. Fleischer said .
Among the group ’s founders are Sheldon G. Adelson , the chairman and chief executive of the Las Vegas Sands Corporation , who ranks sixth on the Forbes Magazine list of the world ’s billionaires ; Mel Sembler , a shopping center magnate based in St. Petersburg , Fla. , who served as the ambassador to Italy and Australia ; John M. Templeton Jr. , the conservative philanthropist from Bryn Mawr , Pa. ; and Anthony H. Gioia , a former ambassador to Malta who heads an investment group based in Buffalo , N.Y .
All four men are long - time prolific donors who have raised money on behalf of Republican and conservative causes .
For years , the group ’s founders lamented MoveOn ’s growing influence , derived in large part from its grass - roots efforts , especially on the debate about the Iraq war .
“ A bunch of us activists kept watching MoveOn and its attacks on the war , and it just got to be obnoxious , ” said Mr. Sembler , a friend of Vice President Dick Cheney .
“ We decided we needed to do something about this , because the conservative side was not responding . ”
Mr. Sembler , who is on the board of directors of the American Enterprise Institute , said the impetus for Freedom ’s Watch “ came out of A.E.I. ” last winter .
He said that at an institute event in December 2006 he listened to retired Gen. Jack Keane and Frederick W. Kagan , an A.E.I. scholar , talk about the need for a troop increase in Iraq , a plan adopted by Mr. Bush in January .
“ I realized it was not only what we needed to do , ” Mr. Sembler said , “ but we needed to articulate this message across the country . ”
Mr. Sembler also said he was frustrated that he heard reports at institute events earlier this year that the increase was working , but that the news media was not reflecting the progress .
Image Bradley Blakeman , the president of Freedoms Watch , who left the Bush administration as an assistant deputy to the president .
Credit ... Stephen Crowley / The New York Times
Mr. Fleischer said : “ After the president announced the surge , and even Republicans started getting nervous , there was a palpable fear among several of us that this fall Congress was going to cut off the funding and the Middle East would explode and America would likely get hit .
It really was n’t much more complicated than that . ”
Contactless payments are one of those ideas that make instant sense — in theory .
Instead of forcing people to stand in line , waiting to talk to / deal with a cashier , businesses can use a scanner that can read whatever card or phone is waved in front of it , and allow the customer to go on his or her merry way .
It 's a technology that the major credit card companies are pushing , but it 's not without its growing pains , as the battle continues between security experts who want more a more open approach to device security and companies who seek to hide their methods of securing such devices .
Despite the issues surrounding contactless payment deployment , Visa has taken a significant step forward in designing its version of this technology by unveiling its newest product : the Visa Micro Tag .
As shown above , the Microtag is a small device meant to attach to a keychain .
The Micro Tag uses Visa 's payWave system to conduct and verify the actual transaction .
No number is imprinted on the device , which , according to Visa , is one of the Micro Tag 's security features .
According to Visa 's Micro Tag homepage , Visa payWave will only activate once the tag is within 1 - 2 inches of the scanner , which will then indicate that the appropriate information is being processed through the " secure " Visa network .
Users making purchases under $ 25 wo n't even have to sign a receipt .
There are , however , some practical concerns standing between you and your insta-purchase keychain .
There are currently a number of contactless payment systems in use from various credit card and mobile phone companies .
This alone is likely to make any store wary of upgrading its scanners to any single contactless payment system until compatibility with the major players can be guaranteed .
Security researchers have also raised issues regarding both how the credit card numbers are transmitted and the fact that none of the companies developing contactless payment systems are willing to allow independent security developers to examine their systems .
For the moment , it 's not even clear whether Visa uses an encryption algorithm to communicate with the scanner or if such data is transmitted " in the clear . "
The company web site has little to say on the matter , noting only that " Visa Micro Tag is very secure , protected with the same multiple layers of security as traditional Visa cards . "
Contactless payments are going to continue growing in the US — it 's too good a concept to ignore .
The big battles , then , are going to be fought over who controls the payment networks , how secure they are , and how wide a variety of devices can be supported by a single scanner unit .
Hopefully someone will also come up with a way to simplify the keyfob end of the system — I can imagine carrying one these devices , but I 'm really not sure I 'd want one for Visa , MasterCard , and American Express all hanging off a single keychain .
How the hell far down does Amy Winehouse 's spiral actually go ?
This is n't the first time she 's totally bombed , but it 's definitely the worst yet — like amazingly bad .
She gave a surprise performance at the European Music Awards last night , singing " Back to Black , " in which she was way off key , could n't remember the words , and the words she did manage to recall were slurred .
What makes the whole thing seem about five million times worse is that she has this great backup band and dancers behind her , trying to remain as professional as possible , and even trying extra hard to overcompensate for whatever the hell is going on with her .
Related : Amy Winehouse Apparently More Surprised To Be " Surprise Guest " At Awards Show Than Anyone Else [ Idolator ]
City of Seattle Ed Murray , Mayor
NEWS ADVISORY
SUBJECT : City of Seattle Responds to Heavy Rains
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE :
12/3/2007 11:40:00 AM
FOR MORE INFORMATION CONTACT :
City of Seattle Responds to Heavy Rains
SEATTLE - City of Seattle crews are responding to neighborhood flooding and landslides caused by heavy rains .
The city has activated its Emergency Operations Center ( EOC ) and hundreds of Seattle Public Utilities , Seattle City Light , Seattle Department of Transportation , Department of Planning and Development , Seattle Fire Department and Police crews are responding to rain - related incidents .
The City of Seattle reminds citizens to call the following numbers during flooding emergencies :
( 206 ) 684-3000 to report non-life threatening problems with power , water , sewer or drainage ;
( 206 ) 386-1800 if there is a blockage below the street surface that is not remedied by removing the obstacle ;
911 if life or property is at risk .
As of 11:30 a.m. , crews are responding to several storm - related incidents , including :
A landslide in the 2400 block of Westlake Avenue has closed Westlake Avenue at the 2000 block , with traffic being rerouted to Dexter Avenue North .
Westlake is expected to be closed for the next several hours .
Golden Gardens NW at View Avenue NW is closed to due to a washed - out roadway .
Trails in Golden Gardens
Park are closed due to flooding .
35th Avenue NE is closed from approximately NE 100th Street to NE 110th Street due to water on the road .
Nathan Hale High School is closed for the next two days , due to on 35th Avenue NE .
Students will be transported home .
Thornton Creek is cresting , and Meadowbrook Pond is overflowing its banks ; crews are deploying sandbags in an attempt to contain the flooding .
Sandbags are available at the Meadowbrook Community Center parking lot , located at 10517 35th Ave. NE .
Five homes near the pond are said to have been flooded .
A landslide has been reported at 6031 Beach Drive SW and has closed the road .
Northbound lanes of the Battery Street Tunnel have reopened after a morning closure due to heavy rains .
Southbound lanes remain closed .
NE Campus Parkway at Roosevelt Way NE is closed .
Flooding is occurring at Jackson Park Golf Course ( 1000 NE 135th St. ) .
Several adjacent homes have been evacuated .
Approximately 75 Seattle City Light customers are out of power in the Aviation Heights neighborhood -- NE 75th Street and 56th Avenue NE .
The City of Seattle advises citizens whose property has flooded in the past to begin monitoring potential flooding .
Stay out of low - lying areas during periods of intense rain or flooding .
Additional tips for preventing localized flooding include :
Rake a drain .
Use a rake to completely remove leaves and debris from storm drains so they will not come back during the next storm .
Place the leaves in your yard waste cart to be turned into compost .
If you collect more leaves than you can dispose of , call ( 206 ) 684-3000 for assistance .
Adopt a Drain .
Volunteer to Adopt - a - Drain and commit to keeping one or more street drains free of leaves and debris .
SPU will support volunteers with gloves , bags , brooms , rakes , and safety vests , and can also help with disposing of leaves .
Adopting a drain is easy and can be done by visiting www.seattle.gov/util or calling ( 206 ) 684-7647 .
Maintain gutters and downspouts .
Clean your gutters and the drainage downspouts attached to your roof twice a year .
Direct flows from downspouts away from your home , without discharging flows to adjacent properties .
Maintain drainage systems .
Do n't put grass clippings , leaves or other debris into the drains , ditches , creeks , culverts , gutters or ravines .
( In fact , it 's against the law ) .
If you live at the base of a hill or on a cliff , ensure that drainage and retaining walls are in good shape .
Preventative planting can also help reduce the chance of a mud slide or flooding .
Inspect your roof .
Inspect for leaks or damage to rain gutters that could cause a flat roof to flood .
Know where your shut offs are .
If flooding occurs , you 'll need to know how to shut off electricity , gas and water at main switches and valves .
- 30 -
From the dingy dungeons of the Dark Ages to today 's shadowy holding facilities , the use of torture as an interrogation tactic has evolved little and possibly yielded even less , in terms of intelligence .
Inflicting pain to get information is a practice with deep roots as well as modern relevance , in light of the recent statements by President George W. Bush claiming the U.S. government does not use torture on political prisoners , despite some evidence to the contrary .
But aside from the moral and legal implications , does torture ever produce reliable intelligence ?
" That 's the impossible question , " said Darius Rejali , a political scientist at Reed College in Oregon .
As a rule , torture is not an effective method of extracting information from prisoners , most experts agree .
" If anything useful came out these interrogations in Iraq , we would have heard about it , " said Alfred McCoy , a University of Wisconsin - Madison historian and author of " A Question of Torture : CIA Interrogation , From the Cold War to the War on Terror " ( Holt Paperbacks , 2006 ) .
A history of violence
The question of torture has become more controversial of late due to a report in The New York Times on memos issued by the U.S. Justice Department in 2005 , effectively authorizing intelligence agencies to use interrogation methods defined as torture under international law .
Psychological techniques such as the water - boarding and sleep deprivation that American operatives are suspected of using recently have a history going back to behavior experiments from the 1950s , McCoy said .
" They were looking for a key to unlock the mind , " McCoy said of the CIA - funded research , " and the real breakthrough was that sensory deprivation could produce a mental disorientation akin to psychosis . "
A switch from more physical methods of torture to the psychological approaches emerged in the following decades in places such as Vietnam , Central America and Iran , McCoy said , without any definitive proof of their effectiveness .
When the " War on Terror " was initiated after the Sept. 11 attacks on the United States , the CIA had another training ground for this kind of interrogation at its Guantanamo Bay detention center .
" Guantanamo Bay turned into a de-facto behavioral science laboratory , " McCoy told LiveScience , where sensory deprivation and self - inflicted pain — allowing a detainee who had stood for hours to sit if he would only " cooperate " — regularly took place .
Though captives are less resentful when tortured psychologically , it does n't make their statements any more trustworthy , Rejali said .
" Torture during interrogations rarely yields better information than traditional human intelligence , partly because no one has figured out a precise , reliable way to break human beings or any adequate method to evaluate whether what prisoners say when they do talk is true , " Rejali wrote in a 2004 article on Salon.com .
Torture ' light ' still unreliable
There 's no such thing as " a little bit of torture , " McCoy said of the " light " tactics that are preferred today .
Detainees are just as likely to tell their interrogators whatever they want to hear under psychological distress as they are under physical distress , he said , a statement backed up by Sen.
John McCain , who himself was tortured as an officer during the Vietnam War .
Democracies , rather than dictatorships or oppressive regimes , are more likely to engage in this seemingly stealthy kind of torture because it is easier to hide from journalists and citizens , Rejali said .
" Torture is a sign that a government either does not enjoy the trust of the people it governs or cannot recruit informers for a surveillance system .
In both cases , torture to obtain information is a sign of institutional decay and desperation , " wrote Rejali , " and torture accelerates this process , destroying the bonds of loyalty , respect and trust that keep information flowing .
As any remaining sources of intelligence dry up , governments have to torture even more . "
Psychological torture has persisted in theaters such as the Iraq
War not because it necessarily works , but because the CIA has such an institutional history of the practice , McCoy said .
" The interrogators themselves tend to believe in its efficacy , and no matter what you do , you can't stop them once they start , " he said , noting that the false sense of power one gets from inflicting torture only fuels more advanced brutality .
Medieval torture more organized
The Medieval or Dark Ages are widely held up as the standard - bearer in brutal and organized torture .
Famous dreaded devices such as the rack , the spiked Iron Maiden coffin and a very unpleasant , pyramid - shaped seat called the Judas Cradle were used to coerce victims into providing some desired information , often a false confession .
Despite the seemingly barbaric nature of Medieval torture , however , the methods used were actually part of an organized system of justice , as opposed to the clandestine nature of the interrogations allegedly being conducted by the CIA , Rejali said .
Medieval torture was neither sadistic nor savage compared to modern torture and was no more or less rational or driven by urgent security concerns , Rejali said .
" The only reason the question [ of urgency ] appears more interesting for us is because morally those are the only ways democratic societies are able to justify it to themselves , " he said , adding that " the search for heretics was always a serious one , just as the search for terrorists is today . "
Theconfirmation of an Israeli plan to build 740 apartment units in areas the Palestinians view as their own will complicate planned Mideast peace talks , officials and observers warned Sunday .
The Israeli government plans to allocate $ 25 million to build 500 new units in East Jerusalem and 240 nearby in the West Bank , Rafi Eitan , the cabinet minister for Jerusalem affairs , said Sunday .
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas , whose Fatah partycontrols the West Bank , said building the apartments will breach Israel 's agreement to halt construction while the two sides try and work out a peace deal .
" We can't understand these settlement activities at a time we 're talking about final status negotiations , " Abbas said .
Reporting from Jerusalem , the CBC's Peter Armstrong said " this will undoubtably cloud the new negotiations . "
Palestinians are " outraged " about the building , and the U.S. has already expressed " serious objections " to settlement expansions , he added .
Israel and the Palestinians represented by Abbas agreed in November torevive peace talks , with Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert meeting every two weeks .
But Israel is also angry with the Palestinians , complaining that they have not stopped attacks on Israeli territory .
Rockets are regularly fired into southern Israel from Gaza , which has been under the control of Hamas since gunmen from the group ousted their Fatah counterparts in June .
Israel has responded by sending soldiers into Gaza , and on Sunday , Olmert said Israel will continue to battle Hamas .
" There is no other way to describe what is happening in the Gaza Strip except as a true war between the Israeli army and terrorist elements , " he said , rulingout negotiations with Hamas .
Hamas won more seats than the long - dominant Fatah inthe 2006 Palestinian Authority election , although Abbas continued on aspresident of the Palestinian Authority .
However , Hamas was eventuallyforced to form a coalition government with Fatah because of renewed violence and a Western - led boycott that had shut off billions of dollars in aid to the Palestinians .
After Hamas took over Gaza , Abbas dissolved the tenuous Hamas - Fatah government and formed a new one that Hamas refuses to recognize .
Illinois Sen. Barack Obama , determined to cast himself as the Democratic presidential candidate most open to new ideas on foreign policy , raised plenty of eyebrows recently when he proclaimed that he would be willing to meet personally with such rogue figures as Cuban dictator Fidel Castro .
But that was nothing compared with the opinion article he published Tuesday in the Miami Herald saying Cuban Americans should have unrestricted rights to travel and send remittances to the island .
The other Democratic front - runner , New York Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton , who portrays herself as the experienced foreign policy realist next to Obama ’s cowboy diplomat , wasted no time in rejecting Obama ’s proposal .
Her campaign released a statement saying the U.S. stance toward Cuba should n’t be altered until a post - Castro regime cleans up its act .
Republican candidates Mitt Romney and Rudolph W. Giuliani , meanwhile , said Obama ’s plan would only strengthen Castro ’s oppressive government .
The astonishing thing here is that after the U.S. has tried for nearly 50 years to force a regime change in Cuba by way of economic embargo with no success whatsoever , Obama is one of the few presidential contenders who dares to suggest that it ’s time to try something different .
Some might consider Obama ’s move courageous given the political power of Florida ’s Cuban American community , which helped put George W. Bush in the White House in 2000 and has cheered his efforts to tighten sanctions on Cuba .
But the minority of Cuban immigrants who vote Democratic is deeply divided on the travel ban and would like to be able to send more money to relatives at home , so Obama may not be staking out such a bold position after all .
Regardless of the political implications , Obama is clearly right -- the only problem is , his proposal does n’t go far enough .
The travel ban should be lifted for everybody , not just Cuban immigrants .
It is the height of irony that Americans can freely travel to countries such as Venezuela and Iran , which represent genuine threats to our security and economic interests , but not to Cuba , whose government is a threat only to its own people .
The ban has done nothing to weaken Castro , but it does keep U.S. tourist dollars out of the hands of Cubans , who might be less inclined to heed their regime ’s anti-U.S. propaganda if Americans were helping to raise their standard of living .
The U.S. should n’t lift all economic sanctions on Cuba until the island ’s regime makes progress on democracy and human rights , but policies such as the travel ban and limits on remittances are simply counterproductive .
Score one for Obama .
ORLANDO , Florida ( CNN ) --
Something in the lakes around Orlando , Florida , has claimed the lives of three boys this summer .
Will Sellars ' family says he died after being exposed to a deadly amoeba on a Florida lake .
" This thing is just there .
It 's lurking like some deadly thing in the water which can take our children 's lives and we all have to be aware , " said Orange County Health Department Director Dr. Kevin Sherin .
The " thing " is n't a fish or alligator .
It is so small it can not be seen with the naked eye .
The killer that lives in the hot , fresh water is a single cell amoeba that once exposed to the human brain through the nasal passages is almost always fatal .
At first people exposed to the amoeba , naegleria fowleri , suffer from flu - like symptoms .
Very quickly , in from one to 14 days , the symptoms worsen , Sherin said .
" There 's a downhill course .
Folks lapse into a coma ; there are abnormal movements of the eyes and a terrible cascade of events leading to the actual death of parts of the brain . "
Sherin said exposure to the amoeba can be detected by an MRI and it can be treated with antibiotics if caught early enough , but Sherin said he believes medical personnel are not in the habit of looking for the disease .
That is because the amoeba is very rare .
The Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta , Georgia , has documented 24 cases in the United States since 1989 .
Health officials do not know what caused three cases in Orlando in one summer .
Theories range from warmer temperatures to a drought that has lowered lake levels .
Sherin said officials considered closing access to the lakes , but concluded they did not have the authority .
Even if public lakes had been closed , private lakes would have remained open .
Do n't Miss Learn more about the potentially deadly amoeba
So , at 15 parks and lakes around the city , warnings about the amoeba have been posted .
The signs urge bathers to wear nose clips or stay out of water warmer than 80 degrees Fahrenheit , which can be a breeding ground for the amoeba .
The warnings provide little solace for Steve Sellars .
Health investigators said they believe Sellars ' 11 - year old son , Will , was exposed to the amoeba during an August weekend spent learning to wakeboard on Orlando 's Lake Jessamine .
" You think it wo n't happen to me , it wo n't happen to my family . "
Sellars said .
" You 're wrong "
" [ Will 's ] symptoms were like a flu bug , " Sellars said , " We rushed him to the hospital and two days later he 's passed away .
It 's like a nightmare . "
A month later , a 10 - year - old boy died from exposure to the amoeba .
Investigators have not determined where he was exposed .
The death of a 14 year - old boy in June in the Orlando area also is being blamed on the amoeba .
As he investigates the deaths of the three boys from the amoeba , Sherin is concerned these type of deaths may be underreported .
Health departments in Florida are not required to report amoeba infections to the state .
The illness is so rare , he said , it may be commonly misdiagnosed in the United States and internationally .
He said anyone who exhibits flu - like symptoms who has been in a lake recently should see a doctor immediately .
Speaking in Will 's old bedroom , which Steve Sellars has decorated with photographs of his son , Sellars said he hopes he can help get the word out .
He does not want anyone to lose a family member as quickly and mysteriously as he did .
" It 's the worst thing we ever had to go through and I hate to see any other parent go through this and another child lose his life , " Sellars said .
E-mail to a friend
All About Centers for Disease Control and Prevention • Orlando ( Florida )
Tattooed from top to toe , but bringing lots of fun , The Scary Guy believes in starting with the young to eliminate prejudice worldwide .
When confronted by The Scary Guy , a completely tattooed giant of a man , upper school students at St Joseph's RC High in Lancashire learn of his mission to eliminate hate , violence and prejudice worldwide .
St Joseph 's invited Scary to work with them for two sessions over two days .
His plan is to offer students a way to " change the world " by taking responsibility for all of their own behaviour .
Watch this episode now in Quicktime 7 and RealPlayer or Windows Media Player .
To keep up - to - date on new episodes , subscribe now via iTunes or the Teachers TV RSS feed .
By Martin Bosworth
Imagine it .
You ’re a patriotic Army bride who goes overseas to support the war in Iraq , only to be drugged and brutally raped and assaulted .
Imagine being locked in a container for days with no food or water or contact with the outside world after you reported this horrible crime , your only avenue being a cellphone lent to you by a sympathetic guard .
Imagine being sent home and having to get extensive surgery for your wounds and counseling for your scars , only to be told you would lose your job if you went home , and that you could seek no legal recourse because of the arbitration clause in your contract that prevents you from taking anyone to court .
Now imagine that this all happened at the hands of employees of Halliburton , one of the biggest war - profiteering companies in the world , and its subsidiary Kellogg , Brown , & Root ( KBR ) .
On second thought , do n’t imagine it–just read the story of Jamie Leigh Jones , because this horror actually happened to her–and she ’s fighting back .
Jamie Leigh is telling her story to all who will listen , relating the awful chronicle of how her rape kit disappeared , eliminating the most damning physical evidence from her story .
How no federal agency is investigating her case , and how it will , in all likelihood , disappear into the black hole that is the war frontier of Iraq , where lawlessness , corruption , and depravity reign .
This is beyond terrible or tragic .
This is atrocity .
This is abomination .
But what do you expect from Dick Cheney ’s personal money - printing machine ?
A company literally built on breaking the law and earning profits in blood ?
A company whose subsidiary KBR was literally retained to build prison camps –excuse me , detention centers–for “ dissidents ? ”
And think about this –what if Jamie Leigh had n’t been pretty and blonde , with a father who could get a hold of a Congressman , and the sheer toughness and intestinal fortitude needed to get her story out to the public ?
What if she ’d been black or ( gasp ) Muslim ?
Would we have heard about this at all ?
How many times has this happened since we invaded ?
How many women and men have been brutalized at the hands of black ops mercenaries who kill for money and ruin lives for sport ?
Hubris Sonic and Lower Manhattanite at the Group News Blog have it right–our moral authority is gone .
We have cast off the pretensions of moral righteousness and act as a decaying empire does –seeking power for its own sake , perpetuating our own existence , and playing with the lives of others like they were toys .
As long as Jamie Leigh Jones and her fellow plaintiffs are denied the chance to gain justice for the wrongs done to them , we should be ashamed to call ourselves Americans .
No , scratch that –we should ’ve been ashamed the moment we condoned torture , and prison camps , and invading countries for no reason other than for oil and profit .
But we ’ve gone on , committing the worst crimes imaginable and excusing them–or in some cases , not even excusing them , but simply pretending they do n’t exist .
Imagine it .
Imagine what our country has become because of these rapacious parasites , and then take a good look in the mirror .
No imagination needed –you can see it for yourself .
The Best Free Finance Web App
Manage not only your own expenses , but a group 's ( like your slacker roommates ) when you sync Buxfer with your bank or import statements or financial data files .
You 'll be able to generate reports on who owes what ; there 's even an IOU view .
Pay for the Plus or Pro accounts to get access to unlimited accounts , make unlimited budgets , and create all the bill reminders your checking account can stomach .
Top Expense Management Software Buxfer was ranked among the Top 10 Expense Management Software by Cloudswave .
Cloudswave provides a unique rating system for software solutions using the Cloudswave Score , an unbiased weighted average rating that takes into account the degree of importance ( i.e the " Domain Authority " ) of each source .
Best Reviewed Personal Finance Site Excellent for creating simple budgets .
Reviewers like Buxfer.com 's budgeting tool ; it lets you create and track budgets and allows you to use tags to better categorize expenses .
The service can automatically download transactions and update your accounts , but if you 're worried about security you do n't have to provide user names and passwords ; you can manually upload account information or store your passwords and logins locally on your own computer .
Another unique feature of Buxfer.com is the ability to report transactions or to query balances via SMS through Twitter .
Best of the Web for Pioneering Features Named Best of the Web in the report for several pioneering features , including login via third - party APIs , transaction input via email , file appending , Google gadget , and budget alerts
ALSO FEATURED IN Buxfer.com is the first choice of personal finance websites reviewer Jason Fitzpatrick .
He is impressed that Buxfer.com offers different levels of security .
Buxfer might be the answer for people who do not want to blindly trust an unknown company with sensitive data ( goodbye Mint ! ) .
Buxfer helps college roommates , friends and family members keep runnning tallies of shared expenses .
It takes away the awkwardness of going to collect later .
Buxfer provides a clean interface for tracking your purchases , payments and trends in your spending habits .
Mint has received heat about storing personal data on its servers .
Buxfer 's offline component is easier to use .
Having your payments on Buxfer lets you manage your balances with friends and analyze your expenses over time through pie charts and graphs .
In a development offering hope to slain hero cops everywhere , Arizona boffins have wired up sensors to a living brain , then connected the hookups to a machine body hugely more powerful than the brain 's own .
The moth in its enhanced machine body .
We 're not quite talking Robocop yet , however .
Rather than using a brain from the shattered body of a courageous copper , Professor Charles Higgins and his colleagues ( including the superbly named Vivek Pant ) have chosen for the nonce to use the brain of a moth , still mounted in its moth body .
According to an article in the Los Angeles Times :
Scientists have built a robot guided by the brain and eyes of a moth .
As the moth tracks the world around it , an electrode in its tiny brain captures faint electrical impulses that a computer translates into action .
The moth , immobilised inside a plastic tube , was mounted on a six inch tall wheeled robot .
It seems the " Robo - Moth " was exhibited this week at the annual shindig of the Society for Neuroscience in San Diego .
The moth in question was a tobacco hornworm , chosen by Prof Higgins for the simple reason that his University has a whole bunch of them for other research .
The tobacco hornworm moth devours crops and is regarded as a pest .
It has a four - inch wingspan , apparently , and is often mistaken for a bird .
Or a small , hungry , crop - devouring robot , as we have here .
The professor has more ambitious plans , including the cybernetic enhancement of house flies and dragonflies .
For the moment , the robots to be controlled by the insects are relatively non-threatening , apparently unarmed , unable to fly , and powered by nothing more puissant than PP3 batteries .
We just hope to God that Higgins , Pant , and the crew do n't get in touch with the Pentagon and their various operations involving brain - chipped cyborg moths , robot helicopter gunships , and missile - firing droid planes which reap humans like corn .
You could n't make it up .
LA Times coverage here . ®
30 octubre 2007
Humpback whales feed on invertebrates and fish .
Every summer , they use to swim in cold seas and they suddenly jump out of the water , mouths agape , in scenes like this :
During a feeding unge , the whale 's throat expands tremendously .
This expansion is aided by throat pleats , or folds , which open up , accordionlike , to as far back as the navel .
The whale closes its mouth around tons of water and prey and then pushes the water out through about 300 baleen plates that hang from the upper jaw and act as a sieve .
The Humpback has the most diverse repertoire of feeding methods of all baleen whales .
Its most inventive technique is known as
As the whales approach the surface , they open their mouths wide and aspirate from their blowholes .
As humpbacks open their mouths , their jaws are able to " unhinge " and extend to create a larger area for consuming prey .
The frightened prey turn , once again toward the surface of the water and are in perfect position to be consumed by a big gulp of water and prey as the whales break through the surface of the water in an awsome spectacle of whales exploding out of the water .
Evidence suggests that there is one whale that blows the bubbles that manipulate the prey .
The responsibility of that whale is to produce a curtain of ascending bubbles that create a wall through which the school of fish will not pass .
Finally , a couple of videos you must see :
More info and sources : 2 ,
Fogonazos top stories ( In English ) Imagine a 4 - metre - wide mouth coming out of the water .
With its 40 - ton enormous body , the Humpback Whale is able to swallow a ton of water and thousands of fish in just one gulp .
Humpback whales feed on invertebrates and fish .
Every summer , they use to swim in cold seas and they suddenly jump out of the water , mouths agape , in scenes like this : During a feeding unge , the whale 's throat expands tremendously .
This expansion is aided by throat pleats , or folds , which open up , accordionlike , to as far back as the navel .
The whale closes its mouth around tons of water and prey and then pushes the water out through about 300 baleen plates that hang from the upper jaw and act as a sieve .
The Humpback has the most diverse repertoire of feeding methods of all baleen whales .
Its most inventive technique is known as bubble net fishing : a group of whales blows bubbles while swimming to create a visual barrier against fish , while one or more whales in the group make vocalizations that drive the fish against the wall .
The bubble wall is then closed , encircling the fish , which are confined in an ever - tighter area .
It is one of the more spectacular acts of collaboration among marine mammals .
As the whales approach the surface , they open their mouths wide and aspirate from their blowholes .
As humpbacks open their mouths , their jaws are able to " unhinge " and extend to create a larger area for consuming prey .
The frightened prey turn , once again toward the surface of the water and are in perfect position to be consumed by a big gulp of water and prey as the whales break through the surface of the water in an awsome spectacle of whales exploding out of the water .
Evidence suggests that there is one whale that blows the bubbles that manipulate the prey .
The responsibility of that whale is to produce a curtain of ascending bubbles that create a wall through which the school of fish will not pass .
Finally , a couple of videos you must see :
More info and sources : 1 3 / See also : Orcas Teamwork
Amandine777
I 'm a one income , no kids girl - does that make me an OINK ??
The last ...
View profile »
Prelude39
The worst thing for me would have been living with regret and accepting ...
View profile »
Nurses are n’t just taking orders anymore .
From intensive care wards to the halls of Congress , they ’re exerting growing influence over hospital practices and patient treatment .
With the clout they ’ve gained through unionization , they ’ve raised their incomes and their profession ’s profile .
Now they ’re lobbying for a radical change to the country ’s healthcare system , starting in California .
On Monday , hundreds of members of the California Nurses Assn. marched on the Capitol in Sacramento and pledged to continue to campaign for universal healthcare coverage .
Advertisement
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said he would call a special session of the Legislature to write a law to significantly expand coverage in the state -- though not by nearly enough to satisfy the nurses union .
For Rose Ann DeMoro , the union ’s executive director , the goal is to end what she called the “ pay - or - die system ” once and for all .
“ We are a very , very strong and , some say , militant organization , ” said DeMoro , an AFL - CIO vice president .
“ And , honestly , in this environment it takes a militant organization .
It ’s very hard for a registered nurse to go home at the end of a shift and feel good about the care she ’s able to give . ”
Emboldened by the nation ’s huge need for their skills , bulked up through unionization , and energized by their last dust - up with Schwarzenegger , organized nurses have become a bona fide political force .
Advertisement
“ They have a very strong hand , ” said Darry Sragow , a Los Angeles lawyer and political strategist .
That ’s due in part to organized labor ’s big gains among nurses in recent years .
In strongholds like California , Florence Nightingale is almost as likely to carry a union card , and a picket sign , as she is to wear clogs .
For Irene Gamboa , an operating - room nurse at USC / University Hospital in Los Angeles , the decision to join the California Nurses Assn. last year was about having a say in how the hospital operates .
Last month , the union won raises of about 25 % over four years for Gamboa and 6,500 other nurses who worked for Tenet Healthcare hospitals .
The new contract also sets minimum staffing levels and seeks to ensure that a nurse ’s judgment is not usurped by new medical technology .
Advertisement
“ It ’s not only about the money , ” Gamboa said .
“ It ’s about quality patient care , which is very important to nurses . ”
Organized nurses ’ agenda includes changes that ca n’t be won at bargaining tables , such as universal healthcare coverage .
So nurses also are taking their demands to statehouses and to Congress .
“ By coming together , they can really influence public policy , ” said AFL - CIO President John Sweeney .
Nurses have come a long way since the late 1980s , when hospitals were laying them off in droves to cut costs amid the managed - care revolution .
Factions of frustrated , change - seeking nurses broke away from professional associations in California and elsewhere to form collective bargaining units .
Advertisement
Their unions continue to grow even as organized labor is in critical care .
In labor ’s heyday , more than one - third of all U.S. workers , almost all of them blue collar and male , belonged to unions .
Today , about one in eight workers carries a union card .
Among the largely female ranks of nurses , however , the figure is closer to one in five .
About 325,000 nurses belong to 11 AFL - CIO affiliates , including the United American Nurses , the nation ’s largest nursing union .
The California Nurses Assn. , which claims 75,000 members , joined the giant labor federation this year , and the various unions recently formed a coalition called RNs Working Together .
Another 85,000 nurses belong to the Service Employees International Union , which touts itself as the nation ’s fastest growing union and is focused on organizing the nation ’s 10 million non-union healthcare workers , from home health aides to hospital nurses .
Advertisement
United American Nurses , which represents 115,000 nurses in 25 states , recently formed an alliance with the SEIU , and is boosting its organizing efforts with $ 8 million for membership expansion this year alone .
In the mid-1990s , when the California Nurses Assn. made organizing hospitals a priority , it had about 17,000 members .
Both it and the SEIU gained ground as staffing shortages emerged , and skirmishes over hours , wages and staffing levels were fought hospital to hospital .
Then , in 1999 , Gov. Gray Davis signed the nation ’s first nurse - patient ratio mandate into law , requiring that nurses on typical wards be assigned to care for no more than five patients each .
Hospitals complained that they could n’t hire enough nurses to comply with the ratio .
Advertisement
Schwarzenegger attempted to delay the law ’s full implementation -- touching off a firestorm of protest that is now widely viewed as a watershed in the politicization of the profession .
The association bought attack ads and rallied nurses who heckled him at public appearances around the state .
The nurses ’ version of the Boston Tea Party came when the union hired a banner - toting blimp to fly over a Super Bowl party Schwarzenegger was hosting .
The mandates eventually took effect .
Publicity over the flap catapulted the California union onto the national stage .
The union launched an effort to organize nurses across the country .
It now bargains for nurses in Maine and Illinois and has its sights set on several Texas hospitals .
Nurses ’ newfound power owes a lot to an aging population and a workforce miscalculation of gargantuan proportions .
Advertisement
As baby boomers grow older , their medical needs increase the demand for nurses .
But the supply is n’t keeping up .
Like the boomers she cares for , the average working nurse is also nearing retirement age .
Half are older than 50 .
And the nation ’s nursing schools -- many of which closed down when hospitals were laying off nurses two decades ago -- do n’t have the capacity to replace them at the rate they are leaving .
Unlike many jobs , however , nursing ca n’t be shipped offshore .
“ Workers in other nations cannot do it like they can produce flat - screen televisions , ” said Robert Reich , a public policy professor at UC Berkeley who was secretary of Labor under President Clinton .
Looming physician shortages and efforts to cut costs are likely to push even more of the patient - care workload onto nurses , further stoking demand , as is ever - changing medical technology , which requires skilled workers , often nurses , to operate .
Advertisement
As a result , Reich said , “ we ’re going to see more and more pressure put on hospital systems that are not yet unionized . ”
Not everyone believes the growing bargaining power and political influence of nurses is the best medicine .
When nurses win pay raises and lower staffing ratios , costs rise , said Steve Malanga , a senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute , a conservative think tank based in New York .
“ So it ’s a little bit naive to expect that their victories are going to also be complete victories for the patient , ” he said .
Advertisement
And not every nurse believes joining a union is the best way to improve patient care or their own lot .
“ I think unions are taking advantage of the crisis in healthcare today , ” said Suzanne Geimer , an emergency room nurse at Cedars Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles .
Geimer launched a website for nurses who opposed the unionization efforts at that hospital a few years ago .
The California Nurses Assn. won the right to represent the Cedars nurses in an election in 2002 , but the National Labor Relations Board overturned the election in a setback the union characterizes as an example of the Bush administration ’s efforts to undermine labor .
Geimer ’s website remains a forum for anti-union sentiment among nurses .
She said many believed organized labor was merely interested in pumping up its numbers -- and collecting union dues .
Advertisement
“ They see healthcare as a fertile field , ” Geimer said .
Union activists do n’t disagree .
“ Everybody ’s looking at nurses , ” said United American Nurses President Cheryl Johnson , a nurse in Michigan .
“ Everybody wants to have a say in how to fix ” the problems with healthcare , she said .
“ There are big stakes in this game . ”
Advertisement
--
lisa.girion@latimes.com
HALIFAX – Nine - year - old Lydia Houck was looking forward to a day of fishing , hiking and golfing when she browsed through a list of summer day camps offered near her Nova Scotia home .
But the only option that fit her interests was just for boys .
In contrast , the only all - girl camp , dubbed Glamorous Girls , offers jewelry - making and a trip to the spa for manicures and pedicures for girls aged five to 12 .
Lydia says she 'd rather be fishing .
" It was really frustrating that they were being discriminatory and they were saying that boys should look forward to doing this and that girls should n't do this , " Lydia , who will be entering Grade 4 in the fall , said in an interview from her home in Windsor .
" My brother and I go fishing a lot and I enjoy going outside a lot , and this camp seemed to fit that description and it was pretty much the only day camp that did . "
The Municipality of the District of West Hants offers three other day camps that are co-ed – a trip to an amusement park , a day at the waterslides and a pirate - themed excursion into Halifax – but Lydia said none of them sounded as fun as the camp for boys .
The municipality says the idea for next Monday 's spa day came from similar all - girl day camps elsewhere in Nova Scotia , with at least one Halifax - area community staging its own spa event for young girls this summer .
West Hants recreation director Kathy Kehoe denied the camp lineup is discriminatory and said there are no plans to reverse the decision before the event for boys takes place on Tuesday .
" It 's the only complaint we 've had , " said Kehoe .
" It 's been very well - received in the public .
Whether we do it again or not , it 's hard to say .
We 'll make that call next year . "
Kehoe said it would be difficult to let Lydia into the outdoor camp so close to the event , since it has long been advertised as boys - only and others might want similar exceptions .
The municipality 's warden , Richard Dauphinee , agreed there was nothing wrong .
" We 're always tried to be innovative .
This is a pilot project , we 've never run it before , " said Dauphinee .
" They decided they would try just girls things for the girls and just boys things for the boys and see how it worked . "
Jacqueline Warwick , the co-ordinator of gender and women 's studies at Dalhousie University in Halifax , said there is nothing innovative about splitting boys and girls into activities that are traditionally masculine and feminine .
She said she was " astonished " that a municipal government would be behind such blatant gender stereotyping , adding that the idea of a spa day for young girls is part of a larger cultural phenomenon that ensures girls and boys fit into specific gender roles .
" I do think that there is a widespread movement to restore these very repressive , old - fashioned gender roles , " said Warwick .
" This emphasis on frivolity . . . can be understood as a way of occupying girls ' and women 's time .
They spend all their time and money on these activities .
It 's a way of containing women and girls into these safe stereotypes where they 're not going to disrupt society . "
Lydia 's mother , Lorna Houck , agreed .
" It 's sad that 5 - year - old girls are being steered into this glamorous role , and the real world is n't about being glamorous and how we look , " she said .
" Save that until they 're older and they know why they 're being glamorous , and what they 're being glamorous for and to whom .
It seems like the adults that are making these decisions have their own preconceptions about what little girls should be . "
Lydia , who has taken her complaint directly to the warden and the municipal council , seems resigned that she wo n't be able to join the boys ' camp this year , but she hopes her story will spark change in the future .
She said the municipality should " think more about what effect this would have on people and what the message would be that they 're giving people with these day camps . "
The Computer Game Museum in Berlin has accomplished two things to make fanboys , such as ourselves , very moist .
Firstly , they have created a museum dedicated to computer games and secondly , the institution has produced a mahoosive reconstruction of the classic Donkey Kong game using scaffolding .
That is large .
Lap it up fellow fanboys , lap it up .
Oh , imagine how burly that large cardboard Donkey Kong would be — I wish he'd pick me up and hold me in his muscular primate arms ... [ UrbanRetroLifestyle ]
Advertisement
joyful exploration ,
shameless flirtation ,
and radical honesty .
oh ?
you 're shy ?
thats cool we have other ways for you to
a shared experience and only available in theaters
At first you may not see the connections between sex and cycling .
Some are attracted to the sleek designs , some champion the liberation of women , ( eg how bikes put pants on women ) while others think bikers are hot and want to fuck them .
Our program of short , DIY bike pornography is specially designed to provide you the tools to meet , converse and potentially reach orgasm with bikers in your area !
We endorse : Movies are a powerful medium , but even more impressive is what creative ideas come from a community gathering to appreciate the cause of better sex and better transportation !
Workshops , dance parties , lectures and discussion groups , potlucks , craft nights , naked / underwear bike rides , and more take part in bettering your community by helping to define obscenity for yourself ... Want to share your product with joyous bikesexuals the world around ?
We are now accepting sponsors to help us bring more joy and liberation to the streets .
Eclipse must know keystrokes :
Using Interfaces if you want to see implementation of function , instead of F3 press Ctrl – T while on the function name .
Open Type ( Ctrl - Shift - T ) should be used to open a class , and Open Resource to browse to a file .
Although Open Resource can be used to open java files , Open Type shows only classes making list it a shorter list .
Ctrl - O in a class definition brings up Quick Outline .
Start typing a member name and hit return when it ’s unambiguous .
Ctrl - F6 can be used to switch to the editors .
The order of the editors is quite user friendly as most recently used on the top .
Same way Ctrl - F7 to switch to Views and Ctrl - F8 for Perspective .
READER COMMENTS ON
" BREAKING : JUDICIARY COMMITTEE FILES CONTEMPT OF CONGRESS REPORT WITH HOUSE CLERK "
( 29 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... bejammin075 said on 11/5/2007 @ 2:09 pm PT ...
Would this be the " criminal " contempt variety of contempt , or the " inherent " type of contempt ?
If it 's criminal contempt , there are outside players , like perhaps DOJ and Supreme Court .
If it 's inherent contempt , the House can jail people with no interference from the other branches ( except perhaps Fourth Branch ) .
Either way , this is very interesting !
Most likely , in about 2 days the Democrats will withdraw the contempt charges and apologize to Miers and Bolton .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Mark S said on 11/5/2007 @ 2:32 pm PT ...
Who 's going to enforce it , Mukasey ?
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Pat said on 11/5/2007 @ 2:32 pm PT ...
I hope it 's the latter ...
I 'd like to see these people in handcuffs .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 11/5/2007 @ 2:35 pm PT ...
BeJammin -
It 's criminal contempt , not inherent contempt .
I 'll update the story to make that clear .
Thanks for asking .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 11/5/2007 @ 2:35 pm PT ...
Can anyone say " it is pardon time again " ?
Assuming the soon to be head of the Department of Justice Just Us Judge Mucky Mucasey would prosecute them in the first place .
Congress is being treated like an old bitch told to shut the f*** up and is liking it .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/5/2007 @ 2:41 pm PT ...
Yes , they would n't do anything as bold and sensible and conservative of the Constitution as to just nab their asses and FORCE the observance of the rule of law onto the dictatorship .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 11/5/2007 @ 2:45 pm PT ...
The cockiness of the White What House on this issue , and the brown nosed republican preznit candidate attitude :
With only 24 percent of Americans thinking the country is on the right track , the behavior of the leading GOP presidential candidates is utterly befuddling .
Not a single one has tried to put any distance between himself and the president --- especially on foreign policy , the area of Bush 's most catastrophic policies .
I 've written about how the lunatic fringe of the GOP has taken over the party .
Well , the takeover is so complete that those looking to lead the party have come to the conclusion that the only way they can win is to compete for the 24 percent of the country that does not think we are headed over the edge of a cliff .
They 're all vying to be voted head wacko of the lunatic fringe .
( Arianna ) ... makes me very suspicious that Brad 's article ( a while back wondering if the ' 08 preznit election was fixed ) may be the talk of the town in two years .
Are they really dumb and dumber or just crazy like a fox ...
Or perhaps ... DemoCons and the neoCons have made a Zell Miller of a deal ?
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Tom said on 11/5/2007 @ 2:48 pm PT ...
If we still need Bush DOJ to allow this to occur , then it will not occur .
The criminal enterprise will not let it happen .
Then we get to see that perky , little blond eva braun spokesperson telling the US that the bad Dems are wasting time .
Not a word about private citizens ignoring congressional subpoenas - only that the Dems are wasting time again .
9 letters by Conyers .
9 letters and he still plays soft ball with the WH .
This republic is doomed .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... MrBlueSky said on 11/5/2007 @ 2:54 pm PT ...
Interesting ... it 's hard to find this story in the MSM ...
I found a notation buried in CNN's Politics webpage ... nothing on MSNBC 's site .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 11/5/2007 @ 3:01 pm PT ...
Agent 99 # 6 I think they confuse FORCE with FARCE :
“ I have written to you on eight previous occasions attempting to reach agreement on this matter , ” Conyers says in the letter .
“ As we submit the Committee ’s contempt report to the full House , I am writing one more time to seek to resolve this issue on a cooperative basis . ” ( DemoConyers ) .
I used to think the neoCons were in the greatest denial , but alas , it is the DemoCons who are in the greatest denial .
I mean do they really think that tea party rules are what is at play here after hundreds of thousands of people have been extinguished by this government ?
Do n't they realize they too have blood on their hands even if they play pretend they are at afternoon tea ?
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 11/5/2007 @ 3:23 pm PT ...
" BREAKING JUDICIARY COMMITTEE " is the real story , and both the Senate and the House Judiciary committees are broken .
Superbullshit glue will not save a fucking thing , and the only hope we have according to the EI bowel movement is to get rid of DREs ... what another fucking joke !
I do n't think the writers strike will have any effect on comedy shows if they use the lines of the government and EI blogs to replace the work of the writers who are on strike .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/5/2007 @ 3:26 pm PT ...
They are not the least confused , Dredd .
They are frightened and venal , and the combination of these ends up insuring their complicity .
Every single peep out of them is designed to give the impression of opposition without opposing anything at all .
If there were anything real about all this lameness , it would mean they are all INCOMPETENT and lacking even cursory legal advice , but that is not the case .
They are engaging in this deadly collusion that only superficially looks like opposition in order to get to be the figureheads of power in '08 .
There is n't one bit of it designed to conduct the people 's business in a constitutional manner .
Everything is in place .
The United States Constitution , SCOTUS , Legislature and elections are window dressing for a dictatorship that merely does n't want to be seen as such .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Pat said on 11/5/2007 @ 3:30 pm PT ...
Speaking of the Sergeant - at - Arms , when is the last time this person actually was instructed to jail anyone ?
I guess I could safely say the Sergeant 's - at - Arby's ?
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... molly said on 11/5/2007 @ 3:33 pm PT ...
Guess if Conyers were serious he would have filed inherent contempt charges .
bush is really showing his hand when his lawyers say his justice dept .
would n't pursue charges .
Who knows , maybe things like this will show up in court in the Hague .
Guess that scenario would only happen if Iran were bombed and then China / Russia bombs US back .
Congress fiddles away while our country is ruined .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 11/5/2007 @ 4:34 pm PT ...
Glad little hollow weenies are done reaking havok on our GREAT COUNTRY !
Can we FLUSH this compromised CIA DOWN THE TOILET ?
OH DE OH , DE OH DOE .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 11/5/2007 @ 4:43 pm PT ...
Ya know , ghouls and fools , that seems to be all we can come up with !
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Joseph Cannon said on 11/5/2007 @ 6:40 pm PT ...
" Guess if Conyers were serious he would have filed inherent contempt charges . "
Molly , I know that a lot of bloggers write about Conyers " filing charges " as though he were a D.A.
I 've made that mistake myself .
But he 's not a D.A .
This thing has to go to a vote .
From what I 've been reading , there was a lot of arm - twisting that took place to get Democrats from conservative districts to go along with criminal contempt , and Conyers did not want to go forward until the votes were there .
The Republicans are already pointing the heavy weaponry at those red state , red county Dems .
" We can do without the DINOs ! " No .
You can't .
Like it or not , any Democratic majority is going to depend on the occasional Dem who squeaks to victory in Crimsoneck County , Alabama or some such place .
The point is , the votes MAY be there --- just barely --- for criminal contempt .
Inherent contempt ?
I do n't think it is politically possible .
That stunt has not been tried since 1934 , and in that case , the target was a Hoover leftover involved in a scandal over air mail routes .
He had no political supporters .
Nobody really gave a damn about him --- certainly not FDR !
--- and nobody cared when he did ten days in the slammer .
I think that in the present case , inherent contempt would be terrific --- and it certainly would be wonderful theater .
But if it was not possible in the Nixon years , it may not be possible now .
By the way , the Sergeant at Arms for the House is a former Secret Service Agent .
I 'm sure he has been well - trained .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Lev said on 11/5/2007 @ 6:41 pm PT ...
Bejammin075 said : " Most likely , in about 2 days the Democrats will withdraw the contempt charges and apologize to Miers and Bolton . "
Agent 99 said : " Every single peep out of them is designed to give the impression of opposition without opposing anything at all ...
The United States Constitution , SCOTUS , Legislature and elections are window dressing for a dictatorship that merely does n't want to be seen as such . "
Could n't agree more with the both of you .
American democracy is an oxymoron .
Daily the Dems are proving they are nothing more than a fake opposition party , just a fig leaf for the regime , to make your average American wrongly think they have a choice come election day .
A one - party dictatorship works much more smoothly with less opposition from the public if the public thinks it is a two - party system , and even if they think they are only choosing " the lesser of 2 evils " it still is vastly preferable to them knowing the whole thing is fake and that no matter if they vote for the openly fascist Repubs or the fake opposition Dem enablers , the establishment wins every time .
It reminds me of professional wrestling actually , in that they try to give the impression of coming flying off the turnbuckle smashing their elbow down on their opponent 's head but a different camera angle shows it coming down safely a couple inches away while their opponent winces and holds his head from the fake assult .
The blood is phony , it comes in capsules .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Abby said on 11/5/2007 @ 8:35 pm PT ...
Well , at least the Democrats are still maintaining the pretense of doing something .
Agreed that this is all worth nothing at all , but never forget that without this pretense , we'd have less than nothing .
Side bet anyone ?
I bet the incoming Democratic President will issue a full and complete pardon to Bush and the members of his Cabinet for all crimes they may , or may not , have committed in trying to keep us safe from terrorism .
All that in the consideration of national interest , a healing process , if you will .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... patginsd said on 11/5/2007 @ 9:43 pm PT ...
Woe .
It appears the entire Kabuki theater has been unwound , decomposed , and laid bare .
Are there any patriots left ?
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Mark S said on 11/5/2007 @ 10:37 pm PT ...
Dunno about patriots .
Allegiance to a country after it has become a fascist tyranny is pretty dumb .
But we 've got some good people like Keith Olbermann and Michael Moore , they just know better than to run for President .
If he was n't a Democrat , Dennis Kucinich would be a good person , and he 's going to make a terrific head of the Democratic Party replacing Howard Dean .
That way he can continue being " the only real Democrat , " help them keep up the charade , raise money , and not challenge the system .
Okay , he 'll lose a little luster after he fails to get the nomination and tells all his supporters to vote for Hillary so as not to hand the election to Romney , but Democrats are so accustomed to the old " bait and switch " that it wo n't phase them .
Like Michael Moore says , " Dude , where 's my country ? "
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/5/2007 @ 11:26 pm PT ...
Michael Moore stole that line from me .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... ewastud said on 11/5/2007 @ 11:36 pm PT ...
I wonder whether the filing of contempt charges may be setting the stage for an impeachment move against Bush - Cheney .
It gives Conyers something more immediate to hang his hat on to justify such a move , and with Kucinich pledging to bring up his HR 333 under special parliamentary procedures for a vote very soon ....
Maybe wishful thinking , but I sense there may serious moves afoot by the Dem majority in Congress to show some spine for a change and halt its betrayal of the overwhelming majority of the people who want regime change at home NOW , as indicated in a recent poll .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... whig said on 11/6/2007 @ 1:53 am PT ...
HR 333 should be up on Tuesday ( today ) in the House , while the Mukasey deal goes down in the Senate .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 11/6/2007 @ 9:24 am PT ...
Unlike criminal contempt , inherent contempt would not rely on the DoJ 's agreement to pursue the charges .
Bush attorneys have already made clear that they would not allow attorneys in the Justice Dept. to do so .
Just more hot air from the Dems we elected to make real change .
1 year of investigations , subpoenas , etc. and not one thing accomplished .
In the meantime they roll over on Impeachment , Habeas Corpus , torture , lousy attorney general choices , funding the war , health insurance .... etc. etc. etc .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... KestrelBrighteyes said on 11/6/2007 @ 11:25 am PT ...
So ..if the DOJ refuses to prosecute under a criminal contempt charge , will this move to inherent contempt ?
And what 's the timeline here ?
How quickly will we know what the DOJ plans to do , once Bolton and Miers flip a big ol ' " FUCK YOU " to Conyers ?
Things tend to fall through the cracks this time of year , when everyone 's looking forward to holiday breaks .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... KestrelBrighteyes said on 11/6/2007 @ 11:45 am PT ...
BTW , speaking of giving them 9 chances ..
Way back when my son was in preschool , I butted heads with one of the new teachers about her method of dealing with him when he refused to cooperate ( which was to send him to the office where he has to lay on a cot and cry until Mommy was able to leave work and pick him up and take him home , which is where he'd rather be anyway )
During the conversation , she said , " I told him over and over again . . "
I said , " Okay , exactly HOW MANY times did you tell him to ( whatever it was she told him to do ) ? "
She said , " Oh six or seven at least " I said , " And there 's your problem - he 's not getting a clear message .
Look him in the eyes , tell him ONE TIME ONLY exactly what he 's supposed to do , what the consequences will be if he does n't , and then gently but firmly follow through "
The people in this administration have to be treated like stubborn toddlers .
Tell them ONE TIME ONLY exactly what is expected of them , give them consequences .. then gently but firmly follow through .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/6/2007 @ 12:59 pm PT ...
RIGHT on , KBE !
That is PRECISELY correct .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 11/6/2007 @ 4:20 pm PT ...
APY .
Finance , a decentralized finance ( DeFi ) protocol aggregator , has completed a $ 3.6 million seed funding round .
While the platform is not yet available , it has received support from many Bitcoin Aussie System investors .
Specialized in the aggregation of yield farming protocols , the APY .
Finance platform offers an automated investment service offering its users a simple way to take their first step in DeFi
While the platform is still not available , the team has received financial support from leading investors .
The financing round benefited from the participation of Alameda Research , Arrington XRP Capital , Cluster Capital , Genblock Capital , TRG Capital and CoinGecko .
APY .
Finance claims to build the “ Wealthfront of yield farming ” , namely a robot - advisor who automatically optimizes and manages the portfolio of users ‘ assets .
“ Yield farming today presents users with a high barrier to entry , cost and risk .
APY addresses these challenges by providing users with an inexpensive , frictionless way to pool their cash and distribute it in a balanced portfolio , ” said Will Shahda , CEO of APY .
Finance .
Thus , APY .
Finance connects different DeFi protocols to one and the same place , such as Aave , Curve , Compoung , Balancer , Uniswap , SushiSwap , dYdX or even Yearn .
Finance .
With the new funds available to it , APY .
Finance is targeting a large - scale launch of its platform in mid-October .
In addition , the platform plans to launch the APY , its governance token which will give decision - making power to its holders .
According to comments from the CEO collected by CoinDesk , a public sale of APY tokens is expected to begin in the coming days , for what the team calls an “ Initial DEX Offering ” .
DEX aggregation is growing rapidly
At the moment , DeFi aggregators are popular .
By greatly simplifying investment in liquidity pools and the massive arrival of new protocols , the solutions they offer become almost indispensable .
This fundraising by APY .
Finance follows that of ParaSwap , a French project – also aggregator of DEX – which raised $ 2.7 million last week .
Moreover , as for APY .
Finance , CoinGecko also participated in the fundraising of ParaSwap .
The platform which itself aggregates data on cryptocurrencies and trading platforms seems to be interested in DeFi .
In August , the industry pioneer 1inch platform managed to raise $ 2.8 million in its first round of funding led by Binance Labs .
With the idea of ​​decentralizing their protocols , these platforms are also planning to deploy their own governance token .
Despite the recent fall in the market and decentralized finance tokens , the protocols themselves continue to attract many users .
Recently , Uniswap came close to the $ 2 billion total value locked in its protocol , propelling DEX to the top of the DeFi Pulse rankings .
As the choice for investors becomes more and more important to enter DeFi , aggregators like APY .
Finance and ParaSwap are emerging as essential tools .
Democratic leader : Republicans ' must pay the price ' if they filibuster Iraq vote David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Tuesday July 17 , 2007 Print This Email
This CNN talked on Tuesday to Senator Dick Durbin , the Democratic majority whip , about the coming showdown in the Senate on the Reid - Levin amendment to withdraw US troops from Iraq .
Durbin explained that " the president and the Republican leaders in the Senate have decided to filibuster this issue , to stop the debate , to stop the vote that really will reflect what America feels . "
Senate Majority Leader Harry Read announced yesterday that rather than giving in to the threat of a filibuster , he will force war supports to physically remain in the chamber through Tuesday night until a vote can be held .
" It 's time to really make that point that if the Republicans are going to filibuster and try to stop the debate on the War in Iraq , then frankly , they have to stay here and pay the price , " said Durbin .
" Too many times we 've sanitized these filibusters so that members can go out to a nice dinner , go home , go to sleep , get up in the morning , and say ' well , the filibuster 's over . ' "
Durbin further explained that none of the compromise measures that have been proposed are satisfactory alternatives because only the Reid - Levin amendment sets a a timetable for withdrawing troops .
" All of these other amendments leave it to the discretion and decision of the president about when this war will end , " said Durbin .
" We know what 's going to happen .
This president has told us he 'll leave it to the next president to start bringing troops home . "
The following video is from CNN's American Morning , broadcast on July 17 .
Google is developing an online publishing platform where people can write entries on subjects they know , an idea that 's close to Wikipedia 's user - contributed encyclopedia but with key differences .
The project , which is in an invitation - only beta stage , lets users create clean - looking Web pages with their photo and write entries on , for example , insomnia .
Those entries are called " knols " for " unit of knowledge , " Google said .
Google wants the knols to develop into a deep repository of knowledge , covering topics such as geography , history and entertainment .
Google 's project will have to catch up with Wikipedia , which includes more than 7 million articles in 200 languages .
Anonymous users constantly update Wikipedia entries in an ever - growing online encyclopedia that 's edited by a network of vetted editors .
But Google asserts that the Web 's development so far has neglected the importance of the bylined author .
" We believe that knowing who wrote what will significantly help users make better use of web content , " wrote Udi Manber , vice president of engineering , on the official Google blog .
Google said anyone can write about any topic , and repetition of entries on the same subjects is beneficial .
Google will provide the Web hosting space , as well as editing tools .
Contributors can choose whether to let Google place ads on the knols .
Google said it will give the contributors a " substantial " portion of the revenue generated by those ads .
While Wikipedia lacks ads , keyword advertising has underpinned Google 's growth .
Entries can't be edited or revised by other people , in contrast to Wikipedia .
However , other readers will be able to rank and review others ' entries , which will then be interpreted by Google 's search engine when displaying results .
The concept of peer - reviewed information is nothing new and is implemented in different ways on various Web sites .
Yahoo , for example , has an " Answers " feature where users can ask questions , and the response is ranked on quality .
Also , most blogs have forms where readers can comment on the author 's entry .
Despite those other formats , Google probably feels that " a service like Knol might be necessary to stay competitive , " wrote Danny Sullivan , editor in chief of Search Engine Land , in a review .
Copyright 2007 IDG News Service .
All Rights Reserved .
NOTE : This chart is only for out of box features , and does not take into account 3rd party software .
We realize that with a few choice apps this chart would look completely different -- but that 's not what we 're after here .
Green indicates a category with more and / or better features , and generally a better user experience .
Red indicates that a category not quite up to snuff .
Either it does n't yet exist in the OS or it just sucks more than the alternative .
† ( dagger ) indicates a category we think are too subjective or not similar enough to judge .
These do not have any clear winner .
‡ ( double dagger ) indicates a category that is in many ways subjective , but that we feel one category is still ahead .
Your own tastes may vary .
Notes help out with a little background , where appropriate .
Leopard Vista Comments / notes UI Accessibility
Integrated Braille input / output , voice synthesis , high contrast interface , etc .
Voice synthesis , high contrast interface , etc. Fancy file browsing Cover Flow , Quick Look
Preview pane , extra large icon view Find windows Exposé
Flip 3D Indexed search † Spotlight
Instant Search , Search Folders Shell / window environment † Aqua ( " Illuminous " / unified ) Aero ( " Glass " ) Tablet and touchscreen Nope
Yep We know Apple has Ink , but that does n't exactly make your Mac a tablet computer
Virtual desktops Spaces Nope Software Backup
Time Machine
Backup and Restore Center , ShadowCopy , Previous Versions
Whereas Time Machine may be easier to use than Windows Backup and Restore Center , Vista does feature all the same ( if not more ) backup features Browser † Safari 3
Internet Explorer 7
What can we say , we like Opera !
Calendar iCal Windows Calendar Collaboration Screen sharing from Finder or iChat
Windows Meeting Space
This one 's hard to call ; Apple has better ease of use , but Windows Meeting Space is more powerful -- so both win
Contacts Address Book
Windows Contacts Email ‡ Mail.app
Windows Mail
File manager
Upgraded Finder
Upgraded Explorer
The new finder is great , no doubt , but it lacks the raw power of Explorer Faxing and scanning CUPS + location aware printing
Windows Fax and Scan
It 's arguable that Windows may have more powerful printing capabilities , but OS X is far better at printer plug - and - play Legacy app support † Rosetta WOW64 ( 32 - bit emulation in 64 - bit Windows )
More info on WOW64 here
IM iChat Windows Live Messenger
Whether or not you like iChat , you can't deny it supports more protocols .
Preview files Quick Look Preview pane RSS / feed reader In Safari and Mail.app In IE7 Speech recognition Yep Yep Text editing TextEdit WordPad Apple included Word 2007 and OpenDocument support in the new TextEdit -- WordPad still does n't support Word 2007 Transfer Mac Migration assistant , Back to My Mac ( with .
Mac )
Windows Easy Transfer
We might have tied this one despite Back to My Mac , but WET just does n't work very well .
Video calling Yep Yep Widgets † Dashboard *
Windows Sidebar
* Now with .
Mac sync and Dashcode Media Media interface Front Row
Media Center ( only in Home Premium or Ultimate Edition )
Media hardware support
Apple TV
Media Center Extenders , Xbox 360
Yeah , the Apple TV 's good and all , but MCEs and Xbox 360 have a lot of features that ATV just does n't have ( HDTV streaming , video downloads , etc. ) Record TV Nope Yep
NTSC and ATSC tuners
Nope
Yep
CableCARD / DCT tuners
Nope Yep ( x4 )
DVD authoring † iDVD
DVD Maker DVD playback ( out of the box ) Yep ( DVD Player )
Some versions of Vista ( but not all )
More info on Vista DVD playback .
HD disc playback ( out of the box ) Nope Nope Macs can play DVD Studio Pro authored HD DVDs , but we 're not really counting that Media player † iTunes , Quicktime Windows Media Player 11 Photos ‡ i Photo Windows Photo Gallery Stereo Bluetooth ( A2DP ) Yep Nope * * Vista CAN support A2DP , but only via 3rd party drivers Video editing
iMovie
Windows Movie Maker ( with HD ) System tools
Activation
Nope
Windows Activation
Automation ( user ) Automator ( with UI recording ) , AppleScript Nope Data detection Address , phone number , etc. Nope Remote desktop ( host )
Yep ( VNC and X )
Available only in Business and Ultimate Screen capture Integrated Snipping Tool application
System registry Nope Unfortunately To-dos ( tasks ) Yep ( from Mail , iCal , etc. ) Yep ( From Windows Calendar ) Networking and connectivity IPv6
Yep
Yep
Networking tools Network Setup Assistant , Finder with AutoFS , Bonjour Network Center ( Network Explorer , Map , Setup , Awareness , Projector ) , DLNA Both provide tools for different networking needs , and we feel both are strong for different uses
Self - tuning TCP
Yep Yep Wireless WiFi with WPA 2 support WiFi with WPA 2 support Vista shows signal strength indicators for its available network list , why the hell can't Leopard ?
( OS X does organize available networks by signal strength , though . )
Security Antivirus Nope Nope Encrypted , signed email Yep Yep Email filtering Spam filter for Mail.app
Junk and phishing filters in Windows Mail Parental controls
Time quotas , usage schedules , granular application permissions , log viewer , remote access
Windows Family Safety Settings : time quotas , usage schedules , log viewer , some app permissions , and ESRB game support Library randomization Yep Yep Malware Downloaded app tagging , signed applications , sandboxed apps
Windows Defender and Malicious Software Removal Tool , signed applications ,
Smart Card support Yep Yep VPN PPTP and L2TP over IPSec PPTP and L2TP over IPSec Gaming Graphics core
OpenGL , Core Animation DirectX 10 Game network
None
Xbox Live Anywhere Performance and hardware Architecture 32 and 64 - bit support 32 and 64 - bit support *
Windows in 64 - bit may require different drivers to function properly , many of which have n't yet been ported ; Leopard supports 64 - bit transparently with no differences in drivers or software Auto - defrag Yep Yep Auxiliary display Nope SideShow Drive encryption FileVault with AES256 support
EFS and Vista BitLocker
While we 're sure neither will be easily cracked , Apple gets extra points for using AES256 Drive partitioning BootCamp Disk Management Both work well , but Apple supports moving files between partitions
Multiple OS support Yep Yep Network projector Nope Yep Network storage AirPort disk Windows Home Server Optimization
The usual multitasking Windows SuperFetch and Windows ReadyDrive Sync ( device ) iSync
Windows Mobile Device Center Sync ( network ) Nope *
Windows Sync Center
* We 're not counting .
Mac sync , this is more about machine to machine Usage profiling Location awareness ( network , power , printing )
Mobility Center ( network profiles , sync , battery / power , etc. )
USB caching Nope Windows ReadyBoost Business Domain support Active Domain , Workgroup Manager , External Accounts *
Active Domain ( Vista Business , Enterprise , Ultimate only ) * New feature that allows your system account / home directory to be stored on an encrypted USB drive Integrated web server †
Apache
IIS ( Vista Business , Enterprise , Ultimate )
Presentation mode Nope Yep ( Vista Business , Enterprise , Ultimate ) Other Upgradeable to different version †
N / A Windows Upgrade Anytime
Final score
Leopard : 46
Vista : 41
So , did we forget anything ?
Let us know , this chart ai n't static , and we 'll be updating as necessary .
( And do n't say Ubuntu / Linux / BSD -- we 'll save that for another time . )
Yeah , we 've been reading the comments and have made some updates to the chart ( as we said we would ! ) .
Vista 's search and preview panes definitely deserve more recognition , which is now reflected .
A2 DP in Vista , however , is only via 3rd party drivers , so we 're not counting that as an out of box thing .
And yes , we know , iLife is n't included in Leopard , but it IS bundled with all Macs , so it 's fair game .
Chip Reese , considered by renowned poker players like Doyle Brunson and Barry Greenstein to be one of the greatest poker players who ever lived , died of a heart attack at the young age of 56 .
I knew nothing about Chip Reese , that is until I saw this YouTube clip of him on Bill Rini ’s blog .
After watching this video my curiosity about Chip Reese was piqued .
I went to Barry Greenstein ’s website and listened to Barry say extremely nice things about Chip .
A friend sent me a New York Times obituary about Chip Reese .
In the obituary Chip is quoted as saying the following : “ I can bet $ 100,000 and feel nothing , ” he said in an interview with People magazine in 2003 .
“ If you think about the money and what it means , you ’re gone . ”
This is why I ’ll never be a great player like Chip Reese .
I only think about the money .
Paradise with Serpents : Travels in the Lost World of Paraguay
by Robert Carver
Published by Harper Perennial , September 2007 , £ 8.99 ( a paperback original )
Do all Paraguayans carry guns ?
" I would n't say all – no , not by a long chalk , " an expert on the country tells Robert Carver .
" However , it is fairly common .
I mean , there are shootings all the time – I mean every day , everywhere .
And knife fights , of course .
It 's as well to be very polite to people .
That generally pays off .
Unless they want to kill you , in which case no amount of politeness would help . "
As tea is to China and cuckoo clocks to Switzerland , so weapons are to Paraguay .
With this view , it 's not surprising that Carver seems to be one of the few tourists visiting this surreal and landlocked South American kleptocracy .
He tells us that in the months before his arrival dozens of city buses were held up at gunpoint .
The Minister of Defence ( allegedly ) loaned an army tank to facilitate a bank robbery .
Assassinations were undertaken for $ 25 and taxis drove around empty because passengers tended to be robbed then " disappeared " .
So why on earth does he decide to stride into this maelstrom ?
Because he is fascinated by the world 's " half - made , half - abandoned places " ( his previous book explored equally lawless and piratical Albania ) .
And also because – paradoxically — Paraguay has long attracted Utopians dreaming of paradise .
None of Carver 's fears are disappointed on his terrifying journey .
He is chased by a machete - wielding drunk and shadowed by secret policemen .
He rides in stolen cars and swims with drug barons .
He sidesteps the former Hotel Adolf Hitler , an establishment now frequented by paedophiles .
When a coup d'etat threatens the capital , he escapes on a barge into the interior , awakening first to find his toes being sucked on by vampire bats and later to face an old Nazi with Alzheimer 's disease armed with an automatic .
In upcountry Concepción , he is mistaken for an arms smuggler .
" Did you bring the guns ? " he is asked .
" We need heavy weapons ... tanks also would be nice .
Tanks and armoured cars with flame - throwers , napalm and grenade launchers . "
While dodging ricocheting bullets , Carver charts the history of the European idealists who , with the discovery of America , were given a " plausible geographical locus " for their Arcadia .
In years past Jesuits , Mennonites , Australian communists and Nazi war criminals created colonies here .
Today the Moonies are buying up haciendas .
As he wryly observes , the reality of his modern Paraguay is far from the hopeful dreams of Utopians " who planned the salvation of mankind away from Old World corruptions and temptations " .
No surprise , then , that he too decides to pack a pistol .
But he is n't carrying it when – in broad daylight in the centre of the capital – he is mugged .
Two flip - flop - wearing thugs pistol - whip him to the ground .
His camera and " sacrificial " wallet are snatched yet he escapes , running , crouching low , pumping blood from his head .
Later when the wound is stitched , he is asked if he will ever return to Paraguay .
" No , " he answers .
" I shall never come back . "
If this is an accurate portrait of a poor , benighted land , who can blame him ?
But earlier visitors — among them Isabel Hilton and John Gimlette — did not find Paraguay to be so violent .
Traveller 's bad luck ?
Or is Carver allowing his gift for dramatic narration to spin a war - torn tale ?
Carver is an unromantic , self - effacing , charming and intelligent storyteller .
His journey often sways off track , digressing into opinionated essays on human nature , post - war British socialism , US economic imperialism and the selfishness of Western culture .
At first the digressions strain the narrative , but then their accumulation begin to enrich Paradise With Serpents and elevate it into a compelling , dark , often mesmerising , laugh - out - loud travel yarn .
On his flight out of Asunción , Carver feels as if he 's been released from prison – " exhilaration , sheer bliss , a sense of absolute freedom .
I could go anywhere , safely " .
He vows that his next book will be on a harmless and comfortable subject ; perhaps an in - depth personal account of the gastronomic restaurants of the Côte d'Azur .
I beg him to change his mind , for his readers ' sake if not his own .
Obedient and consumerist Western Europe will dull his mad verve for drama .
Instead , I hope that once again he — apparently — takes his life in his hands and descends into another hellish , lawless and dotty destination ... say , Haiti , or perhaps the Congo or North Korea .
· Rory MacLean 's latest book Magic Bus : On the Hippie Trail from Istanbul to India is published by Penguin .
It is available to buy from the Guardian Bookshop .
Nearly everything we write these days is preserved in virtual eternity .
Text messaging , often performed with the fanaticism of a meth - addicted pit bull , is no different , as many teens are finding out the hard way .
Across the country , teachers grumble about the distraction cellphones pose in classrooms .
For one thing , surreptitious messages can be used to cheat .
Who can argue with them ?
Banning cellphones in classrooms seems as reasonable to me as banning chewing gum or iPods .
But what happens if officials confiscated phones and then read all the internal phone messages – many of them sent outside of school hours – to unearth “ incriminating ” evidence ?
Where do we draw the line when it comes to the privacy of students ?
The American Civil Liberties Union of Colorado contends that officials at Monarch High in Louisville stepped over the line and committed felonies when they commandeered cellphones , perused text messages , took notes and placed so - called incriminating evidence in the students ’ permanent files .
I agree .
The ruckus started , apparently , when a student was accused of smoking .
An administrator emptied the student ’s pockets and backpack .
Nothing .
Next the student ’s cellphone was searched for evidence .
This investigation led to other students , and their cellphones were searched , as well .
Since then , more than a dozen kids and a half - dozen parents have complained to the ACLU about the school ’s tactics .
I asked Mark Silverstein , legal director of ACLU of Colorado , why rummaging through text messages is any different than , say , rummaging through notebooks or intercepting notes between students ?
“ That is a completely different type of intrusion , ” he contends .
“ The thing about searching cellphones is that it divulges all kinds of personal information .
It ’s one thing to search pockets or backpacks , if an administrator has a reasonable suspicion that a student is smoking .
But if they fail to turn up anything , they do n’t perform a strip search ; it ’s unreasonable .
So is this . ”
Silverstein points out that a cellphone could potentially hold text messages with sensitive personal information , not only about the student , but also about friends and family .
He says there is no way to limit a search of text messages to include only areas relevant to the suspected violation of school policy .
“ More importantly , listening to the parents we ’ve spoken to , they want to be the one to know what ’s in the text messages , ” he goes on .
“ They do n’t want an administrator or principal knowing what ’s in there . ”
And clearly , if parents would give their blessing to such searches , students would have little recourse .
Instead , Silverstein says , school officials are arguing that “ kids give up all privacy rights in school – and that ’s wrong . ”
There are Fourth Amendment issues at stake here , according to Silverstein , though he admits that school administrators are allowed to conduct searches without having to meet the higher standards of probable cause that exist outside of school .
But he also points to Colorado statutes prohibiting the search or transcribing of telephone and electronic communications to protect privacy .
Either the sender or receiver of the message must give consent before the conversation is transcribed or searched .
Do those laws apply to children and / or school officials ?
I suppose , as usual , lawyers will have to work it out .
Silverstein says he wants the local school board to “ direct administrators to stop conducting these cellphone searches that violate state and federal law . ”
Common sense tells me they will .
It also tells me that investigating a smoking incident should not include a search of a student ’s entire electronic works .
First of all , simply because a school finds a “ incriminating ” evidence in writing does n’t necessarily mean the student is guilty .
Teenagers tell each other tall tales , after all .
If we took their words as evidence , most of them would be serving time in Leavenworth .
Besides , as a parent , the only person I want searching my children ’s private messages is me .
David Harsanyi’s column appears Monday , Wednesday and Friday .
Reach him at 303-954-1255 or dharsanyi@denverpost.com .
Joel Spolsky :
If history repeats itself , we can expect some standardization of Ajax user interfaces to happen in the same way we got Microsoft Windows .
Somebody is going to write a compelling SDK that you can use to make powerful Ajax applications with common user interface elements that work together [ [ like ] cut ’ n ’ paste [ and ] cool mashup features like synchronization and single - point identity management ] .
And whichever SDK wins the most developer mindshare will have the same kind of competitive stronghold as Microsoft had with their Windows API .
Joel ’s post is an excellent history - informed prediction of the future of the software industry ; if you have n’t read it , go and do so now , before you come back to read how I disagree with him .
Well , by and large , I actually do n’t .
He makes a very persuasive case about the dynamics .
But the details of the upcoming scenario he sees are wrong , even as he seems to be getting the big picture right .
Firstly , Joel is biased .
His strategy to avoid rewriting Fogbugz when Microsoft shifted technologies under his feet was to develop a limited compiler that translates down to other languages , enabling his product to support the new technology as well as platforms he had n’t initially targetted .
He has since touted that approach as a smart solution ( and likely for his particular circumstances it was ) on many occasions , of which this latest is just another one .
For most of the world , that wo n’t be the way to go about things .
For one thing , the inconsistency between browsers is not in the language .
Core Javascript is now about as close to completely consistent between implementations as you can reasonably get when you have several of them .
The idiosyncrasies are at the DOM level , and Joel makes the old DHTML programmer mistake of confusing that in - browser environment with Javascript itself .
But we have already fixed that problem .
The other day , I wrote some unobtrusive Javascript that instantly worked the same way in all browsers I could test with , even though I treaded several areas where browsers have divergent behaviour ( most obviously , event handling ) without putting any browser switching in it .
How ?
Using jQuery .
All of the browser differences where papered over for me ; I just wrote code to say what I wanted to happen and jQuery made it happen as it should .
Of course , jQuery can lay no exclusive claim to this idea , nor does it ; all modern Javascript libraries do this same thing .
To a large and growing extent , modern - Javascript developers no longer have to think about browser compatibility .
We have some way to go yet , but all the libraries are already a good part of the way there .
No new language is necessary .
Anyway , Joel is wrong about another , more important thing : a new SDK is not how this will happen .
The API of the post -Microsoft era is the wire format .
Who will be the new Microsoft ?
Mu .
With that in mind , there is something I want to ask Joel :
You ca n’t really cut and paste objects from one Ajax app to another , for example , so I ’m not sure how you get a picture from Gmail to Flickr .
Come on guys , Cut and Paste was invented 25 years ago .
There is this new thing some people have been muttering about , that has something with “ atom ” in its name .
Have you heard of it ?
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- President Bush vetoed an expansion of the federally funded , state - run health insurance program for poor children for a second time Wednesday , telling Congress the bill " moves our country 's health care system in the wrong direction . "
In his veto message , President Bush calls on Congress to extend funding for the current program .
In his veto message , Bush said the bill is almost a duplicate of the proposal he spiked in October .
" Because the Congress has chosen to send me an essentially identical bill that has the same problems as the flawed bill I previously vetoed , I must veto this legislation , too , " he said in a statement released by the White House .
The bill would have expanded the State Children 's Health Insurance Program by nearly $ 35 billion over five years , the same as the measure Bush vetoed October 3 .
Track recent and historical presidential vetoes »
The president had proposed adding $ 5 billion to the program and said the version he vetoed would have encouraged families to leave the private insurance market for the federally funded , state - run program .
Democratic leaders said the new version addressed Republican objections by tightening restrictions on illegal immigrants receiving SCHIP benefits , capping the income levels of families that qualify for the program and preventing adults from receiving benefits .
Though the measure had strong bipartisan support , it fell short of the two - thirds majorities needed to override a presidential veto in the House and Senate .
House Minority Leader John Boehner , R - Ohio , said Democrats were more interested in scoring political points with the veto than in reaching a compromise with Republicans .
" We could have resolved the differences in his program in 10 minutes , if the majority had wanted to resolve the differences , " Boehner said .
" This has become a partisan political game . "
The program currently covers about 6 million children whose parents earn too much to qualify for Medicaid -- the federal health insurance program for the poor -- but who ca n't afford private insurance .
Democrats wanted to extend the program to another 4 million , paying for it with a 61 - cent - per - pack increase in the federal tax on cigarettes .
" What a sad day that the president would say that rather than insuring [ millions of ] children , ' I do n't want to raise the cigarette tax , ' " said House Speaker Nancy Pelosi .
She called for a January 23 vote on whether to override the veto .
Meanwhile , Bush called on Congress to extend funding for the current program to keep the 6 million now covered on the rolls .
E-mail to a friend
All About George W. Bush • Medicaid
A few weeks ago I watched The US vs. John Lennon , a documentary chronicling the extraordinary lengths the American government went to in order to silence an artist who had the audacity to speak out against corruption and injustice .
Of course , Lennon came from an age when artists did that sort of thing , and he was n’t the only musician to get on the nerves of the authorities during the tumultuous ’60s and ’ 70s .
I imagine the FBI had a file on folks like Bob Dylan , too .
But we do n’t live that world anymore , do we ?
These days the pressure to shut up and sing is greater than ever , and those who benefit most from our silence have engineered newer and more effective means for muzzling the consciences of those whose voices can actually be heard above the deafening white noise .
Last night my wife and I watched Shut Up and Sing , another documentary about an artist who had the temerity to speak the truth .
In 2003 , the female country band , The Dixie Chicks , are at the top of their game being one of the most successful bands of all time .
However with the US invasion of Iraq about to begin over frustrated worldwide objections about this needless war , one of the Chick vents off the cuff in concert about being ashamed of US President George W. Bush .
This statement sparks a firestorm of organized and personal right wing attacks against the Chicks for daring to think they have the right to express a negative personal opinion about the President .
This film covers the band ’s effort to ride out the turmoil that would leave their careers under a cloud , but would eventually give them a opportunity to grow as great artists who bow to no one .
I ’ve never been a big country music fan , but as soon as C&W stations starting censoring the Chicks I went out and bought Wide Open Spaces and encouraged everybody I knew to do the same .
Not all country fans abandoned them , though – their next record actually debuted at the top of the C&W charts , if I ’m not mistaken .
Still , somewhere in here they ceased being a country band , and the deftness with which they reached this realization and adapted to face a new audience is a credit to their intelligence .
History is going to be far kinder to Natalie Maines than to George Bush , and this film illustrates why .
It ’s been a long time since an artist or a band was asked to endure so much .
A firestorm of backlash from legions of ignorant country music fans .
Obscene displays of gutlessness throughout the radio industry ( ironic , given how much of the genre is all about macho shitkicker posturing ) .
An active corporate radio conspiracy to destroy their careers .
Ridicule at the hands of America ’s stupidest entertainers ( FUTK ) .
And at least one death threat .
But through it all Maines displays an intelligence , character and toughness that we might have thought was long and forever gone from our musical landscape .
To their credit , bandmates Martie Maguire and Emily Robison have her back at every step along the path .
They ’re not the firebrands that Maines is , but they share the same moral compass , and it ’s revealing to watch as they all realize that there ’s no backing down here .
It ’s not just self - consolation when they say that this is the best thing that could possibly have happened to them .
Toward the end Angela asked me a good question : “ do you think it would have been this bad for them if they ’d been men ? ”
Well , let ’s see – what do we know about the Dubya - worshiping country music base in the US ?
Natalie Maines is a genuine hero who understands better than most , I think , exactly what it means to stand up for the rights that her toothless hillbilly former fans say are the most important things in the world to them .
So I highly recommend Shut Up and Sing , and their latest release , Taking the Long Way , is now perched at the top of my to - buy list .
In parting , I think I ’ll let the Dixie Chicks speak for themselves .
Thank you for singing , and please , do n’t ever shut up .
As rumored , Apple has quietly updated the MacBook tonight to the Santa Rosa architecture with mild speed bumps and the GMA X3100 integrated video .
White 13.3 "
$ 1099.00 2.0 GHz/1GB RAM/80GB / Combo/GMA X3100
$ 1299.00 2.2GHz/1GB RAM/120GB/SD-DL/GMA
X3100
Black 13.3 "
$ 1499.00 2.2GHz/1GB RAM /160GB/SD-DL/GMA
X3100
Despite comparable clock speeds ( 2.0 -> 2.0GHz , 2.16 -> 2.2GHz ) to the old models , the new MacBooks use the Santa Rosa chipset which boasts a faster 800MHz front side bus over the previous MacBook models .
The introduction of the GMA X3100 video card also provides significant benefits over the previous models .
The new specs can be seen at the Apple Store :
Apple 's product pages on the rest of the site had not yet been updated at the time of this writing .
The new MacBooks appeared in Apple Retail stores on Wednesday , but the boxes were accompanied by instructions not to open them until further notice .
Update 2 : Apple 's store pulled the new specs , and now is showing them again .
Update 3 : The MacBook Pro now has the option to upgrade to a 2.6GHz processor for $ 250 , and also has the option for a 250 GB drive .
Scientologists Descend on Minneapolis Collapse Site Scientology
Source
( Listed if other than Religion News Blog )
Aug. 3 , 2007
Marcus Baram
www.abcnews.go.com
ABC News , USAAug. 3 , 2007 Marcus Baram
More About This Subject
This post was last updated : Friday , November 8 , 2013 at 10:08 AM , Central European Time ( CET )
ここ１週間ほどきくちさんやapjさんが「社会学玄論」というブログで何やら議論されているようだ。今日気がついたので早速私ものぞきに行ってみた。一読した感想としては、薄っぺらい論だとしか感じなかった。どういう経緯できくちさんやapjさんの目に留まったのかは知らないが、私だったら斜め読みしてそのままスルーしていたと思う。エントリの内容についてはすでに散々つっこまれているので一つだけ。批判者の端くれの一人としてこういうことを言うのは悲しいのだが、んなもんリアルでもネット上でも全然流行っていませんから。ブログ界隈で継続的に疑似科学批判を行っている名の通った人なんて、両手の指で足りる程度だし、皆年季が入っている。ブロガーでないサイト持ちの人を合わせたところで、どう頑張っても３桁もいかない。科学者の絶対数に比べれば、疑似科学批判を行っている人の数はごく少数だ。ただし、「疑似科学批判が流行っている」と勘違いする可能性のある要因については、ネット上だけなら心当たりがないでもない。自分で疑似科学批判エントリを書いていても、食いつきのいい人にはある傾向が見られるからだ。その人達とは、・原則として発言者の社会的地位を考慮せず、意見の内容だけに注目し、・おかしいと思ったことには躊躇なくツッコミを敢行し、・馴れ合いよりはむしろ殺伐とした議論を求める人々。わかりやすく言えば「モヒカン的資質」を持つ人達だな。私の同類と言い換えてもいいが。ネットの古参住民にはモヒカン的な人達が多く、また彼らはネットの情報流通にそれなりの影響力を有している。ゆえに結果として、最近の疑似科学批判エントリはこの流通網に乗って一気に拡散していく傾向がある。この構図はここ１年ほどの間にほぼ固まっており、良質の記事ははてなブックマークやニュースサイト、２chなどのハブを通じて爆発的に拡散する。きくちさんやapjさん、NATROMさんあたりの所なら、ひとつの記事で１万PVは堅いんじゃないだろうか。べつだん疑似科学批判が流行っているわけでなく、ネットの情報流通の仕組みが整った結果、疑似科学批判の言説を、それに興味を示す人のもとに流通させる条件が整ったのだ。そして疑似科学はモヒカン的資質を持つ人間とは壊滅的に相性が悪い。というよりも敵対する運命にあると言ったほうがいいか。疑似科学の側にはモヒカン族のツッコミに値する隙が山のようにあり、おまけに往々にして疑似科学の伝道師、信奉者はムラ社会的反応を返すのだから。疑似科学批判の言説に触れたモヒカン的な人がやはり批判的な感想を書き、そしてそれを見た人が「流行っている」と思いこむ。「疑似科学批判の流行」というえらく違和感のある単語を消化するならこんな感じになるだろうか。最後にモヒカン的伝統に則ってツッコミを一つ。ホパーじゃなくて" Karl Raimund Popper " ですから。人名の間違いを見るとどうも首筋のあたりがムズムズするので、できれば直してください。
Police said Mr Hamilton was " co-operative and courteous "
The 22 - year - old was clocked travelling at 196 km/h ( 122 mph ) in a Mercedes near the northern town of Laon on Sunday .
The McLaren driver was also ordered to pay a 600 euro ( £ 430 ) fine .
Police described Mr Hamilton as " co-operative and courteous " , and said they gave him a lift to his hotel after impounding his vehicle .
The speed limit on French motorways is 130 km /h ( 85 mph ) .
A McLaren spokesman told the BBC : " McLaren has been made aware that Lewis was stopped for speeding in France whilst driving in a private capacity .
" We understand he has received a mandatory fine and suspension from driving in France for one month . "
Hamilton narrowly missed out on becoming F1's youngest champion this year , after leading the tournament for most of the season before fading in the deciding Brazilian Grand Prix .
PHILADELPHIA --
For the first time , researchers at the University of Pennsylvania are able to pinpoint brain waves that distinguish true from false memories , providing a better understanding of how memory works and creating a new strategy to help epilepsy patients retain cognitive function .
The study , the first to show that brain waves predict the veracity of human memories , is available online in the journal Psychological Science and in the November 2007 print edition .
To test whether distinct patterns of electrophysiological activity prior to a response can distinguish true from false memories , psychologists at Penn recorded brain activity from 52 neurosurgical patients being treated for drug - resistant epilepsy .
Patients were asked to perform a verbal free - recall task while researchers used an array of implanted electrodes and intracranial electroencephalographic recordings to locate where in their brains the patients ' seizures originated .
Patients volunteered to study lists of words which they were then asked to recall at a later time .
When asked to recall the studied words , participants recalled some number of correct items and also made a small number of errors , recalling words that had not appeared on the target list .
While patients performed the memory game , scientists observed electrical activity in their brains to determine whether specific brain waves were associated with successfully storing and retrieving memories .
Researchers found that a fast brain wave , known as the gamma rhythm , increased when participants studied a word that they would later recall .
The same gamma waves , whose voltage rises and fall between 50 and 100 times per second , also increased in the half - second prior to participant 's correctly recalling an item .
" These analyses revealed that the same pattern of gamma band oscillatory activity in the hippocampus , prefrontal cortex and left temporal lobe that predicts successful memory formation also re-emerged at retrieval , distinguishing correct from incorrect responses , " said Per B. Sederberg , lead author and former Penn neuroscientist now performing post - doctoral research at Princeton University .
The timing of these oscillatory effects suggests that self - cued memory retrieval initiates in the hippocampus and then spreads to the cortex .
Thus , retrieval of true as compared with false memories induces a distinct pattern of gamma oscillations , possibly reflecting recollection of contextual information associated with past experience .
" Gamma waves actually predicted whether or not an item that was about to be recalled was previously studied , " said Michael Kahana , a professor of psychology in Penn 's School of Arts and Sciences and lead investigator .
" In other words , one could see a difference in brain activity just prior to remembering something that had and had not actually happened . "
In addition to providing a better understanding of how memory works , the findings may also provide a clearer picture of how to assist those suffering with epilepsy .
In epilepsy 's 2.6 million American sufferers , brain oscillations become so strong that they sweep across the brain , producing seizures .
Although seizures are controlled with medication in two - thirds of people with epilepsy , the remainder may be candidates for surgery to remove the brain regions where seizures originate .
" Identifying the neural signatures of successful memory storage and retrieval can help neurosurgeons reduce the cognitive deficits that might result from epilepsy surgery , " said Brian Litt , associate professor of neurology and bioengineering at Penn , and a co-author of the study .
In addition , these techniques for mapping cognitive networks could give rise to better ways of mapping functional networks in brain , which may help in treating a number of neurological disorders , including depression , schizophrenia , head trauma and affective disorders , Litt said .
###
A collaboration of psychologists , neurologists and neurosurgeons from the University of Pennsylvania , Princeton University , the University of Freiburg and Harvard Medical School participated in this research , which was funded by the National Institutes of Health , the Swartz Foundation , the Klingenstein Foundation and the Dana Foundation .
A New JavaScript Benchmark From the WebKit Team
Here in WebKit - land , we strive for great performance and we love to make things faster .
When doing performance work , it ’s critical to be able to measure how fast you are at any given time and track changes .
And it ’s important to make sure your metric reflects realistic use cases .
None of the existing JavaScript benchmarks were exactly suited to our needs ( more on that below ) , so we decided to make our own .
We ’re widely announcing this benchmark today because we ’d like to share with other browser - hosted and standalone JavaScript engines .
And we ’d like to have input from JavaScript experts on the usefulness and validity of the tests .
In that spirit of cooperation , we ’re not going to post competitive numbers or even comparisons to older Safari / WebKit versions for now ( although I can tell you that the shipping version of Safari 3 is not the fastest JS engine we tested ) .
But people like playing with these benchmarks .
So I ’m sure a lot of you would like to try your luck and test your browser .
If you ’d like to post your results in the comments , please mention what browser , what version , and what hardware and OS you ’re running on .
Make sure to quit extraneous apps and avoid jiggling your mouse for the minute or two that it runs .
Have fun !
The Gory Details
There are a lot of JavaScript benchmarks out there already : Celtic Kane ’s JavaScript speed test , the JavaScript processing test from iBench , Jason Orendorff ’s JavaScript speed tests , John Resig ’s tests , and others .
But none of these were quite what we needed to measure improve real - world JavaScript performance .
So we made our own .
Why bother ?
Well , we think our benchmark has a combination of useful properties that we did n’t see in any existing test :
It ’s based on real code that does interesting things ; both things that the web apps of today are doing , and more advanced code of the sorts we can expect as web apps become more advanced .
Very few of the tests could be classed as microbenchmarks .
It ’s balanced between different aspects of the JavaScript language — not dominated by just a small handful of different things .
In fact , we collected test cases from all over the web , including from other benchmarks .
But at the same time , we avoided DOM tests and stuck to the core JavaScript language itself .
It ’s super easy to run in the browser or from the command line , so you can test both pure engine performance , and the results you actually get in the browser .
We included statistical analysis so you can see how stable the results you ’re getting really are .
Incidentally , we ’ve been doing a lot of work on JavaScript performance lately .
If you ’re interested in helping out , stop by the webkit-dev@webkit.org mailing list , or the #webkit IRC channel on chat .
freenode.net and say hi .
Our engine is highly hackable so it ’s easier than you think to get started .
Parsec Parser Testing with QuickCheck July 29 , 2007
I must admit I ’ve liked the concept of QuickCheck ever since I first found it .
I tend to write tests that are “ too nice ” to my code , often missing corner cases and errors caused by strange input .
Quick Check helps me avoid this by generating test data for me .
Even in trivial projects it has helped me detect bugs I would n’t have found through unit tests written myself .
In this entry I begin testing the parser for HST – A Smalltalk interpreter developed in Haskell ( the code developed so far for the parser can be found here and here ) .
To do this I ’m going to make use of QuickCheck .
I could n’t find much information on testing a Parsec based parser using QuickCheck , but I ’ll have a go and see what happens .
The approach I ’ve decided to try here is to have QuickCheck randomly generate an instance of the Abstract Syntax Tree ( AST ) I ’ve developed .
I ’ll develop a pretty printer that can convert this to a String .
Parsing the String should then result in the originally generated AST .
I ’m not entirely sure this will work , but at least it should give me a good starting point .
Pretty Printing
First I must develop a pretty printer for my AST type .
For this I ’m going to use the pretty printing library that is part of Haskell ’s standard library .
It appears in the package Text .
PrettyPrint .
HughesPJ .
Writing the pretty printer requires me to write a method converting each type to the libraries Doc type .
This turns out to be ( mostly ) quite straight forward for the limited AST that ’s been implemented so far .
The trickiest part is StringLiteral .
I need to deal with single quote characters , as they are the string delimiters in Smalltalk .
To include a single quote character in a string literal the programmer uses two single quotes ( e.g. , The string “ Here ’s a quote ” would be programmed as ' Here ' 's a quote ' ) .
To account for this a string escaping function is written .
identifier ( Identifier i ) = text i literal ( StringLiteral s ) = text $ " \\ ' " ++ ( concatMap stringEscape s ) ++ " \\ ' " stringEscape c | c == '\ \ '' = " ' ' " | otherwise = [ c ] primary ( PrimaryLiteral p ) = literal p primary ( Primary Identifier i ) = identifier i keyword ( Keyword k ) = text $ k ++ " : "
The <+> function allows us to specify that two Doc s are ‘ beside ’ each other and separated by a space .
This is useful for those syntax constructs that are combinations of others .
message ( KeywordMessage k p ) = keyword k <+> primary p expression ( BasicExpression p m ) = primary p <+> message m
Testing in ghci :
> case ( parse basicExpression " " " Transcript show : ' Hello World ' " ) of Right e -> expression e Transcript show : ' Hello World '
So far , so good .
Testing
First up , I ’m going to define the QuickCheck property that ’s going to be tested .
That will get the easy step out of the way .
checkExpressionParser ast = case ( parse basicExpression " " ( render $ expression ast ) ) of Left _ ->
False Right a -> ast == a where types = ast :: BasicExpression
This results in a compilation error .
This message is that there is no instance of Arbtrary for Expression .
This was expected , as I have not defined how QuickCheck is to generate these types .
For those types that are composed of others , defining an instance of Arbitrary is easy .
instance Arbitrary Expression where arbitrary = lift M2 BasicExpression arbitrary arbitrary instance Arbitrary Message where arbitrary = lift M2 KeywordMessage arbitrary arbitrary
Primary is slightly more involved , as it could result in a PrimaryLiteral or Primary Identifier .
QuickCheck provides the oneof function which can be used for this .
instance Arbitrary Primary where arbitrary = oneof [ liftM PrimaryLiteral arbitrary , liftM Primary Identifier arbitrary ]
For keywords and identifiers I ’ll create a common generator , as a keyword in a keyword message is simply an identifier followed by a colon .
This generator is required to generate a letter , followed by a sequence of letters or digits .
The definition of letter can be implementation defined , but for now I ’m just going to worry about the minimums , which is the lowercase and uppercase alphabet along with underscore .
I begin by defining lists that can be passed to Quick Check ’s frequency list for letters or digits .
This is followed by the generators for letters and digits themselves .
Finally these can be used to create an generator for identifiers .
After this the instances of Arbitrary for Identifier and Keyword become trivial .
alphaFreqList = [ ( 26 , choose ( 'a ' , 'z ' ) ) , ( 26 , choose ( ' A ' , ' Z ' ) ) , ( 1 , elements ['_ ' ] ) ] digitFreqList = [ ( 10 , choose ( ' 0 ' , ' 9 ' ) ) ] letter = frequency alphaFreqList letterOrDigit = frequency $ alphaFreqList ++ digitFreqList identifierGenerator = liftM2 ( :) letter $ sized (\
-> replicateM n letterOrDigit ) instance Arbitrary Identifier where arbitrary = liftM2 Identifier identifierGenerator instance Arbitrary Keyword where arbitrary = lift M2 Keyword identifierGenerator
For StringLiteral we allow any ASCII character and also zero length strings .
instance Arbitrary StringLiteral where arbitrary = liftM StringLiteral $ sized (\
-> replicateM n $ choose ( ' \\0 ' , '\ \255 ' ) )
Running the Tests
I ’ve defined a method that runs the check .
I will run this from ghci
runChecks = quickCheck checkExpressionParser
Running this produces the following output ( note that this may be different on each run , as the test data is generated randomly ) :
> runChecks Falsifiable , after 0 tests : BasicExpression ( Primary Identifier ( Identifier " fkY " ) ) ( KeywordMessage ( Keyword " y4d " ) ( Primary Identifier ( Identifier " U0 _ " ) ) )
This corresponds to the Smalltalk code " fkY y4d : U0_ " .
Getting a failure here is a relief , as I knew the parser was n't complete yet .
This test is failing because of the digits in the keyword and identifier .
I can add in this feature with the following parser code :
stLetter = choice [ letter , char ' _ ' , digit ] identifierString = many 1 stLetter keyword = Keyword `liftM` ( identifierString >>~ char ' :') identifier = Identifier `liftM` identifierString
Now , the parser is able to make it through 39 tests before QuickCheck reports and error .
This time , it is with escaped quote characters in string literals .
Again this is something left out of the original parser , so it is good that QuickCheck finds this .
Modifying the parser again :
stringLiteral = StringLiteral `liftM` ( quote >> stString >>~ quote ) quote = char ' \ \ '' stString = many $ choice [ noneOf [ '\\'' ] , try $ string " ' ' " >> return '\\ ' ' ]
Now , all QuickCheck tests pass .
It is worth noting that this testing currently has short comings .
The two most notable are :
No test for ensuring that a syntactially invalid program fails parsing ,
Whitespace variations are not tested ( e.g. , tabs , line breaks etc. ) .
I 'm not sure of how these can be tested using QuickCheck properties yet .
Conclusion
I must admit , I was expecting this step of developing HST to take longer and be more difficult .
I am impressed with how quickly and easily Parsec , QuickCheck , and Text .
PrettyPrint .
HughesPJ have allowed me to develop this .
Although the testing shown here does have shortcomings I 'm very pleased with the testing that is in place and I think I have a good base from which to continue developing .
I was stunned to learn from Psychological Science that exercise has an apparent placebo effect :
84 female room attendants working in seven different hotels were measured on physiological health variables affected by exercise .
Those in the informed condition were told that the work they do ( cleaning hotel rooms ) is good exercise and satisfies the Surgeon General ’s recommendations for an active lifestyle .
Examples of how their work was exercise were provided .
Subjects in the control group were not given this information .
Although actual behavior did not change , 4 weeks after the intervention , the informed group perceived themselves to be getting significantly more exercise than before .
As a result , compared with the control group , they showed a decrease in weight , blood pressure , body fat , waist - to - hip ratio , and body mass index .
These results support the hypothesis that exercise affects health in part or in whole via the placebo effect .
This could also plausibly be a status effect ; status has huge health benefits , and perhaps good exercise jobs are seen as having higher status .
This result is stunning because exercise had previously been my clearest example of something people could do to improve their health .
Yes , the strong correlation between health and exercise is partly because healthy people feel more like exercizing .
But it seemed so plausible that exercise also improves health .
Now I am not so sure .
This is also stunning because we already saw that at least 2/3 , and perhaps all , of the benefit of anti-depressant drugs is a placebo effect .
Added :
The paper reports no apparent change in related health behavior :
The room attendants did not report any increase in exercise outside of work , nor did they experience any increase in workload over the course of the study .
In addition , the subjects reported their habits had not changed over the past 30 days with respect to how much they ate ( including servings of sugary foods and vegetables ) and how much they drank ( caffeine , alcohol , and water ) .
GD Star Rating
loading ...
Via Time :
When Sen. David Vitter of Louisiana confessed to " a very serious sin " on Monday night , Debra Jean Palfrey was not about to forgive him .
Sin is one thing ; but Palfrey believes Vitter — a proponent of the " sanctity of marriage " — should fess up if that sin was a crime as well . [.. ]
" Why am I the only person being prosecuted ? " she told TIME over the phone .
" Sen .
Vitter should be prosecuted [ if he broke the law ] " Read more ...
Apparently , Vitter has a thing for ladies of the night .
It 's ok though , he 's received forgiveness from his wife and God and claims he 's not going to discuss the matter publicly .
The problem is , he does n't work for his wife or God , he works for the citizens of Louisiana and the entire country in the U.S. Senate ... you know , the public ?
Howie asks when Vitter will resign , and I think it 's time for Patrick Leahy and Harry Reid to look into the Senator 's behavior ...
The people of Somalia are enduring yet another round of suffering as Ethiopian forces wreak havoc in the capital , Mogadishu .
Apparently in response to an attack on one of its units and the dragging of a soldier ’s mutilated body through the city ’s streets , an Ethiopian mortar reportedly exploded in Mogadishu ’s Bakara market on Nov. 9 , killing eight civilians .
A number of Somalis were also found dead the following day , with some believed to have been rounded up by Ethiopian forces the night before .
Nearly 50 civilians have reportedly been killed and 100 wounded in the fighting spree between fighters loyal to the Union of Islamic Courts and government forces and their Ethiopian allies .
A report , issued by Human Rights Watch , chastised both Ethiopian troops and “ insurgents ” for the bloodletting .
Peter Takirambudde , the watchdog ’s Africa director , was quoted as saying , “ The international community should condemn these attacks and hold combatants accountable for violations of humanitarian law  including mutilating captured combatants and executing detainees . ”
Of course , one cannot realistically expect the international community to take on constructive involvement in the conflict .
Various members of this “ community ” have already played a most destructive role in Somalia ’s 16 - year - old civil war , which fragmented a nation that had long struggled to achieve a sense of sovereignty and national cohesion .
To dismiss the war in Somalia as yet another protracted conflict between warlords and insurgents would indeed be unjust , because the country ’s history has consistently been marred by colonial greed and unwarranted foreign interventions .
These gave rise to various proxy governments , militias , and local middlemen , working in the interests of those obsessed with the geopolitical importance of the Horn of Africa .
Colonial powers came to appreciate the strategic location of Somalia after the Berlin Conference , which initiated the “ Scramble for Africa . ”
The arrival of Britain , France , and Italy into Somali lands began in the late 19th century , and the area quickly disintegrated into British Somaliland and Italian Somaliland .
Both countries sought to expand their control , enlisting locals to fight the very wars aimed at their own subjugation .
World War II brought immense devastation to the Somali people , who , out of desperation , coercion , or promises of postwar independence , fought on behalf of the warring European powers .
Somalia was mandated by the UN as an Italian protectorate in 1949 and achieved independence a decade later in 1960 .
However , the colonial powers never fully conceded their interests in the country , and the Cold War actually invited new players to the scene , including the United States , the Soviet Union , and Cuba .
One residue of the colonial legacy involved the Ogaden province of Somalia , which the British empire had granted to the Ethiopian government .
The region became the stage of two major wars between Ethiopia and Somalia between 1964 and 1977 .
Many Somalis still regard Ethiopia as an occupying power and view the policies of Addis Ababa as a continuation of the country ’s history of foreign intervention .
The civil war of 1991 , largely a result of foreign intervention , clan and tribal loyalties , and a lack of internal cohesion , further disfigured Somalia .
As stranded civilians became deprived of aid , Somalia was hit by a devastating famine that yielded a humanitarian disaster .
The famine served as a pretext for foreign intervention , this time as part of international “ humanitarian ” missions , starting in December 1992 , which also included U.S. troops .
The endeavor came to a tragic end in October 1993 , when more than 1,000 Somalis and 18 U.S. troops were killed in Mogadishu .
Following a hurried U.S. withdrawal , the mainstream media rationalized that the West could not help those who refused to help themselves , another twisting of the fact that the interests of the Somali people were hardly ever a concern for these colonial philanthropists .
Since then , the Somalia was deemed by the international news media as just another mindless conflict , with no rational context and no end in sight .
The truth , however , is that colonial interest in the Horn of Africa has never waned .
The terrorist attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 , provided an impetus for U.S. involvement in the strategic region ; only one month after the attacks , Paul Wolfowitz met with various power players in Ethiopia and Somalia , alleging that al - Qaeda terrorists might be using Ras Kamboni and other Somali territories as escape routes .
A year later , the U.S. established the Combined Joint Task Force  Horn of Africa ( CJTF - HOA ) to “ monitor ” developments and to train local militaries in “ counterterrorism . ”
The U.S. contingent was hardly neutral in the ongoing conflict .
Reportedly , U.S. troops were involved in aiding Ethiopian forces that entered Somalia in December 2006 , citing efforts to track down al - Qaeda suspects .
The Ethiopian occupation was justified as a response to a call by Somalia ’s Transitional Federal Government ( TFG ) , whose legitimacy is questioned .
The TGF , seen largely as a pro-Ethiopian entity , had been rapidly losing its control over parts of Somalia to the Islamic Courts Union ( ICU ) , which came to prominence in January 2006 , taking over the capital and eventually bringing long - sought stability to much of the country .
Their attempts engage the U.S. and other Western powers in dialogue failed , however , as a U.S. - backed Ethiopia moved into Somalia in December 2006 .
On Jan. 7 , 2007 , the U.S. directly entered the conflict , launching air strikes using AC - 130 gunship .
Civilian causalities were reported , but the U.S. refused to accept responsibility for them .
The last intervention devastated the country ’s chances of unity .
It now stands divided between the transitional government and Ethiopia ( both backed by the UN , the U.S. , and the African Union ) and the Islamic courts ( allegedly backed by Eritrea and some Arab Gulf governments ) .
Recently , the UN ruled out any chances for an international peacekeeping force , and the few African countries who promised troops have yet to deliver ( with the exception of Uganda ) .
This situation leaves Somalia once more under the mercy of foreign powers and self - serving internal forces , foreshadowing yet more bloodshed .
Our informed support is essential now because the Somali people have suffered enough .
Their plight is urgent , and it deserves a much deeper understanding .
SHANGHAI , Aug. 9 — After years of fighting unionization efforts at its stores , Wal - Mart , the world ’s largest retailer , said today that it would work closely with Chinese officials to establish labor unions at all of its outlets here .
Wal - Mart said it would form an alliance with the government - backed All China Federation of Trade Unions because it wanted to create “ an effective and harmonious way of facilitating the establishment of grassroots unions ” at its stores .
The announcement came less than two weeks after Wal - Mart employees established their first union in China , the first time that a union had ever been formed at a Wal - Mart store .
Since then , four other Wal - Mart stores in China have also formed unions , according to the government union officials .
Wal - Mart ’s decision surprised observers because while the company had signaled earlier that it would not do anything to stop unions from forming at its Chinese stores , it had never suggested that it would actively participate in backing unionization efforts .
WASHINGTON , Oct. 10 — The Marine Corps is pressing to remove its forces from Iraq and to send marines instead to Afghanistan , to take over the leading role in combat there , according to senior military and Pentagon officials .
The idea by the Marine Corps commandant would effectively leave the Iraq war in the hands of the Army while giving the Marines a prominent new role in Afghanistan , under overall NATO command .
The suggestion was raised in a session last week convened by Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates for the Joint Chiefs of Staff and regional war - fighting commanders .
While still under review , its supporters , including some in the Army , argue that a realignment could allow the Army and Marines each to operate more efficiently in sustaining troop levels for two wars that have put a strain on their forces .
As described by officials who had been briefed on the closed - door discussion , the idea represents the first tangible new thinking to emerge since the White House last month endorsed a plan to begin gradual troop withdrawals from Iraq , but also signals that American forces likely will be in Iraq for years to come .
Tenche Coxe : “ Who are the militia ?
Are they not ourselves ?
Is it feared , then , that we shall turn our arms each man against his own bosom .
Congress have no power to disarm the militia .
Their swords , and every other terrible implement of the soldier , are the birthright of an American …
The unlimited power of the sword is not in the hands of either the federal or state governments , but , where I trust in God it will ever remain , in the hands of the people . ” – Tenche Coxe , The Pennsylvania Gazette , Feb. 20 , 1788 .
Tench Coxe : “ Congress have no power to disarm the militia .
Their swords , and every other terrible implement of the soldier , are the birth - right of an American …
[ T ] he unlimited power of the sword is not in the hands of either the federal or state governments , but , where I trust in God it will ever remain , in the hands of the people . ” , Pennsylvania Gazette , Feb. 20 , 1788 .
Tench Coxe : “ As civil rulers , not having their duty to the people duly before them , may attempt to tyrannize , and as the military forces which must be occasionally raised to defend our country , might pervert their power to the injury of their fellow citizens , the people are confirmed by the article in their right to keep and bear their private arms . ” in “ Remarks on the First Part of the Amendments to the Federal Constitution , ” under the pseudonym “ A Pennsylvanian ” in the Philadelphia Federal Gazette , June 18 , 1789 .
Rep. Elbridge Gerry of Massachusetts : “ Whenever governments mean to invade the rights and liberties of the people , they always attempt to destroy the militia , in order to raise an army upon their ruins . ” ( spoken during floor debate over the Second Amendment , I Annals of Congress at 750 , August 17 , 1789 . )
Rep. Elbridge Gerry of Massachusetts : “ What , sir , is the use of a militia ?
It is to prevent the establishment of a standing army , the bane of liberty . ”
Rep. of Massachusetts , I Annals of Congress at 750 ( August 17 , 1789 ) .
Alexander Hamilton : “ … that standing army can never be formidable ( threatening ) to the liberties of the people , while there is a large body of citizens , little if at all inferior to them in the use of arms . ” ( Federalist Paper # 29 )
Alexander Hamilton : “ Little more can be aimed at with respect to the people at large than to have them properly armed and equipped . ”
( Id ) {responding to the claim that the militia itself could threaten liberty } ”
There is something so far - fetched , and so extravagant in the idea of danger of liberty from the militia that one is at a loss whether to treat it with gravity or raillery ( mockery ) .
( Id )
Alexander Hamilton : “ The project of disciplining all the militia of the United States is as futile as it would be injurious , if it were capable of being carried into execution .
A tolerable expertness in military movements is a business that requires time and practice .
It is not a day , or even a week , that will suffice for the attainment of it .
To oblige the great body of the yeomanry , and of the other classes of the citizens , to be under arms for the purpose of going through military exercises and evolutions , as often as might be necessary to acquire the degree of perfection which would entitle them to the character of a well - regulated militia , would be a real grievance to the people , and a serious public inconvenience and loss .
It would form an annual deduction from the productive labor of the country , to an amount which , calculating upon the present numbers of the people , would not fall far short of the whole expense of the civil establishments of all the States .
To attempt a thing which would abridge the mass of labor and industry to so considerable an extent , would be unwise : and the experiment , if made , could not succeed , because it would not long be endured .
Little more can reasonably be aimed at , with respect to the people at large , than to have them properly armed and equipped ” – Alexander Hamilton , Federalist No.2
Patrick Henry : “ The people have a right to keep and bear arms . ” ( Elliott , Debates at 185 )
Patrick Henry : “ Are we at last brought to such a humiliating and debasing degradation , that we cannot be trusted with arms for our own defense ?
Where is the difference between having our arms in our possession and under our own direction , and having them under the management of Congress ?
If our defense be the real object of having those arms , in whose hands can they be trusted with more propriety , or equal safety to us , as in our own hands ? , 3 Elliot Debates 168-169 .
Patrick Henry : “ The great object is that every man be armed .
Everyone who is able might have a gun . ”
3 Elliot , Debates at 386 .
Thomas Jefferson : “ And what country can preserve its liberties , if its rulers are not warned from time to time , that this people preserve the spirit of resistance ?
Let them take arms …
The tree of Liberty must be refreshed from time to time , with the blood of patriots and tyrants . ” , letter to William S. Smith , 1787 , in S. Padover ( Ed. ) , Jefferson , On Democracy ( 1939 ) , p. 20 .
Thomas Jefferson
In his Commonplace Book , Jefferson quotes Cesare Beccaria from his seminal work , On Crimes and Punishment : “ Laws that forbid the carrying of arms … disarm only those who are neither inclined nor determined to commit crimes …
Such laws make things worse for the assaulted and better for the assailants ; they serve rather to encourage than to prevent homicides , for an unarmed man may be attacked with greater confidence than an armed man . ”
Thomas Jefferson : “ A strong body makes the mind strong .
As to the species of exercises , I advise the gun .
While this gives moderate exercise to the body , it gives boldness , enterprise and independence to the mind .
Games played with the ball and others of that nature , are too violent for the body and stamp no character on the mind .
Let your gun therefore be the constant companion of your walks . ”
Encyclopedia of T. Jefferson , 318 ( Foley , Ed. , 1967 ) .
Thomas Jefferson : “ No free man shall ever be debarred the use of arms . ” , Proposal for a Virginia Constitution , 1 T. Jefferson Papers , 334 ( C.J. Boyd , Ed. 1950 )
Richard Henry Lee : “ To preserve liberty it is essential that the whole body of the people always possess arms and be taught alike , especially when young , how to use them … ” ( LIGHT HORSE HARRY ) LEE , writing in Letters from the Federal Farmer to the Republic ( 1787 - 1788 )
Richard Henry Lee : “ A militia , when properly formed , are in fact the people themselves … and include all men capable of bearing arms . ”
( Additional letters from the Federal Farmer , at 169 , 1788 )
President James Madison : “ … to support the Constitution , which is the cement of the Union , as well in its limitations as in its authorities ; to respect the rights and authorities reserved to the States and to the people as equally incorporated with and essential to the success of the general system ; … to keep within the requisite limits a standing military force , always remembering that an armed and trained militia is the firmest bulwark of republics – that without standing armies their liberty can never be in danger , nor with large ones safe ; … ” – President James Madison , First Inaugural address , Saturday , March 4 , 1809 .
James Madison : “ A WELL REGULATED militia , composed of the people , trained to arms , is the best and most natural defense of a free country . ” ( 1st Annals of Congress , at 434 , June 8th 1789 , emphasis added .
James Madison : “ As the greatest danger to liberty is from large standing armies , it is best to prevent them by an effectual provision for a good militia . ” ( notes of debates in the 1787 Federal Convention )
George Mason : “ I ask you sir , who are the militia ?
They consist now of the whole people . ”
( Elliott , Debates , 425 - 426 )
Thomas Paine : “ The supposed quietude of a good man allures the ruffian ; while on the other hand , arms like laws discourage and keep the invader and plunderer in awe , and preserve order in the world as well as property .
The same balance would be preserved were all the world destitute of arms , for all would be alike ; but since some will not , others dare not lay them aside …
Horrid mischief would ensue were one half the world deprived of the use of them … ”
I Writings of Thomas Paine at 56 ( 1894 )
William Rawle : “ In the second article , it is declared , that a well regulated militia is necessary to a free state ; a proposition from which few will dissent .
Although in actual war , in the services of regular troops are confessedly more valuable ; yet while peace prevails , and in the commencement of a war before a regular force can be raised , the militia form the palladium of the country .
They are ready to repel invasion , to suppress insurrection , and preserve the good order and peace of government .
That they should be well regulated , is judiciously added .
A disorderly militia is disgraceful to itself , and dangerous not to the enemy , but to its own country .
The duty of the state government is , to adopt such regulation as will tend to make good soldiers with the least interruptions of the ordinary and useful occupations of civil life .
In this all the Union has a strong and visible interest . ” – William Rawle , “ A View of the Constitution of the United States of America ” ( 1829 )
Joseph Story : “ The militia is the natural defense of a free country against sudden foreign invasions , domestic insurrections , and domestic usurpations of power by rulers .
It is against sound policy for a free people to keep up large military establishments and standing armies in time of peace , both from the enormous expenses , with which they are attended , and the facile means , which they afford to ambitious and unprincipled rulers , to subvert the government , or trample upon the rights of the people . ” – Joseph Story .
Commentaries on the Constitution of the United States . 3 vols .
Boston , 1833 .
Joseph Story ( Supreme Court Justice ) : “ The right of the citizens to keep and bear arms has justly been considered as the palladium of the liberties of a republic … ”
Sir George Tucker : “ The right of self - defense is the first law of nature ; in most governments it has been the study of rulers to confine this right within the narrowest possible limits … and [ when ] the right of the people to keep and bear arms is , under any color or pretext whatsoever , prohibited , liberty , if not already annihilated , is on the brink of destruction . ” – Sir George Tucker , Judge of the Virginia Supreme Court and U.S. District Court of Virginia in I Blackstone COMMENTARIES
Sir George Tucker Ed. , 1803 , pg. 300 ( App . )
George Washington : “ A free people ought not only to be armed and disciplined but they should have sufficient arms and ammunition to maintain a status of independence from any who might attempt to abuse them , which would include their own government . ”
IMPORTANT NOTE : Back in the 18th century , a “ regular ” army meant an army that had standard military equipment .
So a “ well regulated ” army was simply one that was “ well equipped ” and organized .
It does not refer to a professional army .
The 17th century folks used the term “ standing army ” or “ regulars ” to describe a professional army .
Therefore , “ a well regulated militia ” only means a well equipped militia that was organized and maintained internal discipline .
It does not imply the modern meaning of “ regulated , ” which means controlled or administered by some superior entity .
Federal control over the militia comes from other parts of the Constitution , but not from the Second Amendment .
Comments , suggestions , contributions ?
Let me know
Anbar Awakens Part II : Hell is Over
This is the second in a two - part series .
Read Part One , The Battle of Ramadi , here .
RAMADI , IRAQ – In early 2007 Ramadi , the capital of Iraq ’s Anbar Province , was one of the most violent war - torn cities on Earth .
By late spring it was the safest major city in Iraq outside Kurdistan .
Abu Musab Al Zarqawi’s Al Qaeda in Iraq had seized control with the tacit blessing of many local civilians and leaders because they promised to fight the Americans .
But Al Qaeda ’s rule of Ramadi was vicious and cruel .
They turned out not to be liberators at all , but the Taliban of Mesopotamia .
Al Qaeda met resistance , after a time , from the Iraqis and responded with a horrific murder and intimidation campaign against even children .
The Sunni Arabs of Ramadi then rejected Al Qaeda so utterly they forged an alliance with the previously detested United States Army and Marine Corps and purged the terrorists from their lands .
Combat operations are finished in Ramadi .
The American military now acts as a peacekeeping force to protect the city from those who recently lost it and wish to return .
It is not , however , completely secured yet .
“ Al Qaeda lost their capital , ” Major Lee Peters said , “ and the one city that was called the worst in the world .
It was their Stalingrad .
And they want to come back . ”
In July and again in August they did try to retake it and lost pitched battles on the shores of Lake Habbaniya and Donkey Island just on the outskirts .
They destroyed a bridge over the Euphrates River leading into the city with a dump truck bomb .
Four other bridges in Anbar Province were also destroyed in acts of revenge in the countryside by those who no longer have refuge in cities .
And just last week Sheikh Sattar Abu Risha , the leader of the indigenous Anbar Salvation Council that declared Al Qaeda the enemy , was assassinated by a roadside bomb near his house .
That murder ca n’t undo the changes in the hearts and minds of the locals .
If anything , assassinating a well - respected leader who is widely seen as a savior will only further harden Anbaris against the rough men who would rule them .
“ All the tribes agreed to fight al Qaeda until the last child in Anbar , ” the Sheikh ’s brother Ahmed told a Reuters reporter .
Whether Anbar Province is freshly christened pro-American ground or whether the newly founded Iraqi - American alliance is merely temporary and tactical is hard to say .
Whatever the case , the region is no longer a breeding ground for violent anti-American and anti-Iraqi forces .
“ As of July 30 , ” Major Peters said in early August , “ we ’ve have 81 days in the city with zero attacks since March 31 . ”
“ We ’ve had only one attack in our area of operations in the past couple of months , ” said Captain Jay McGee at the Blue Diamond base .
He was referring to the Jazeera area immediately north of the city and including the suburbs .
“ And we have n’t had a single car bomb in our area since February . ”
Violence has declined so sharply in Ramadi that few journalists bother to visit these days .
It ’s “ boring , ” most say , and it ’s hard to get a story out there – especially for daily news reporters who need fresh scoops every day .
Unlike most journalists , I am not a slave to the daily news grind and took the time to embed with the Army and Marines in late summer .
When the Army Soldiers at Blue Diamond took me along on their missions I could see why so many reporters write off Ramadi as a place where nothing happens : I was sent along in a convoy of Humvees to the outskirts of the city in a palm grove to attend an adult literacy class for women .
The class was cancelled at the last minute , though , so our trip to the palm grove was actually pointless .
But Iraqis descended on us from their countryside houses and kept us busy happily socializing for hours .
Experiences like this are now typical for the infantrymen of the United States military , but extraordinary for a civilian like me who is n’t accustomed to casually hanging out with Arabs in Iraq ’s notorious Sunni Triangle .
I was greeted by friendly Iraqis in the streets of Baghdad every day , but the atmosphere in Ramadi was different .
I am not exaggerating in the least when I describe their attitude toward Americans as euphoric .
Grown Iraqi men hugged American Soldiers and Marines .
Young men wanted me to take their pictures with their arms around American Soldiers and Marines .
The Americans seemed slightly bored with the idea , but the Iraqis were enthusiastic .
Children hugged State Department civilian reconstruction team leader Donna Carter .
Ramadi has changed so drastically from the terrorist - infested pit that it was as recently as April 2007 that I could hardly believe what I saw was real .
The sheer joy on the faces of these Iraqis was unmistakable .
They were n’t sullen in the least , and it was pretty obvious that they were not just pretending to be friendly or going through the hospitality motions .
“ It was nothing we did , ” said Marine Lieutenant Colonel Drew Crane who was visiting for the day from Fallujah .
“ The people here just could n’t take it anymore . ”
What he said next surprised me even more than what I was seeing .
“ You know what I like most about this place ? ” he said .
“ What ’s that ? ” I said .
“ We do n’t need to wear body armor or helmets , ” he said .
I was poleaxed .
Without even realizing it , I had taken off my body armor and helmet .
I took my gear off as casually as I do when I take it off after returning to the safety of the base after patrolling .
We were not in the safety of the base and the wire .
We were safe because we were in Ramadi .
Only then did I notice that Lieutenant Colonel Crane was no longer wearing his helmet .
Neither were most of the others .
Donna Carter helps an Iraqi boy with his English class homework
I saw no violence in Baghdad , but I would never have taken off my body armor and helmet outside the wire .
I certainly would n’t have done it casually without noticing it .
If I had I would have been sternly upbraided for reckless behavior by every Soldier anywhere near me .
But in Ramadi the Marines are seriously considering dropping the helmet and body armor requirements because the low level of danger makes the gear no longer worth it .
Protective gear does n’t look intimidating , exactly , but it is hard to socialize properly with Iraqis while wearing it .
It creates a feeling of distrust and distance .
When we got back in the Humvees I was required to don my helmet again in case we hit a bump in the road .
Bumps in the road are now officially seen as more hazardous than insurgents and terrorists in Ramadi .
( There is a lot of hard metal inside a Humvee that you can bang your head up against . )
I have my doubts about the relative dangers of each in the real world .
Ramadi is n’t totally safe yet .
But this kind of juxtaposition is absurdly unthinkable in Baghdad .
The Iraqis of Anbar Province turned against Al Qaeda and sided with the Americans in large part because Al Qaeda proved to be far more vicious than advertised .
But it ’s also because sustained contact with the American military – even in an explosively violent combat zone –convinced these Iraqis that Americans are very different people from what they had been led to believe .
They finally figured out that the Americans truly want to help and are not there to oppress them or steal from them .
And the Americans slowly learned how Iraqi culture works and how to blend in rather than barge in .
“ We hand out care packages from the U.S. to Iraqis now that the area has been cleared of terrorists , ” one Marine told me .
“ When we tell them that some of these packages are n’t from the military or the government , that they were donated by average American citizens in places like Kansas , people choke up and sometimes even cry .
They just ca n’t comprehend it .
It is so different from the lies they were told about us and how we ’re supposed to be evil . ”
The literacy class for women and girls may have been cancelled , but the local would - be students wanted me to take pictures of them at their desks .
So the classroom was opened and they sat in their seats for staged photos .
We had no language in common .
It was just obvious , from their beckoning hand gestures , what they wanted me to do .
They seemed to be proud that they were learning to read , and that women and girls were allowed to be schooled again now that Al Qaeda is gone .
Earlier this year these very same people would have treated me as an enemy to my face had I shown up .
Al Qaeda is gravely mistaken if they believe they can flip Ramadi back into their column by assassinating Sheikh Sattar Abu Risha .
Shortly before Sheikh Sattar was killed near his home he explained the Anbari point of view to Fouad Ajami , the Johns Hopkins University professor from South Lebanon .
“ Our American friends had not understood us when they came , ” he said .
“ They were proud , stubborn people and so were we .
They worked with the opportunists , now they have turned to the tribes , and this is as it should be .
The tribes hate religious parties and religious fakers . ”
*
“ Old school methods defeat insurgencies , ” Captain McGee said , “ not brute force or technology .
The key is to kill existing terrorists and prevent additional recruitment .
Al Qaeda must have a safe haven or they will barely be able to operate . ”
That does n’t mean they ca n’t operate at all , but it does mean they can’t control territory , work out in the open , or oppress others from above .
They are hunted now and must spend an enormous amount of energy avoiding detection instead of stirring up trouble .
The former would - be “ liberators ” have become hated fiends who lurk in the shadows and lash out in rage at the society that has rejected them .
Victory for them , in this place , is all but impossible now .
“ Having the Arabic press note that AQI [ Al Qaeda in Iraq ] is rejected by Sunni Arab Iraqis is better than any message we could ever put out , ” Major Lee Peters said .
It is not reasonable to expect violence in Ramadi to wind down to absolute zero before the rest of Iraq is secured .
But the city has been successfully transformed from a war zone to a place that , like Beirut and Jerusalem , suffers acts of terrorism of the kind the world is long used to .
The hokey phrase “ war on terrorism ” just fails to describe what happened before , when a city of 450,000 people was chewed to pieces by an army of hundreds of sadists and killers , where every single day was September 11 .
Surveying the destruction was distressing , especially after meeting some of the children who survived the experience .
Terrorism is emphatically not what it used to be .
We all knew that , of course , when hijacked plans were used to destroy skyscrapers in New York .
Previously , terrorism was what the Irish Republican Army did .
Many innocents were murdered in Britain , but Northern Irish separatists never made a crater out of a city of nearly half a million people .
Nor did they even want to .
Hamas and Islamic Jihad have murdered hundreds of Israeli civilians in restaurants and coffee shops and probably would do to Tel Aviv what Al Qaeda did to Ramadi if they could .
But they ca n’t and likely never will be able to do so .
Al Qaeda may be a relatively small part of the “ insurgency ” in Iraq , but their destructive power nearly reached that of a state for a while , at least in this area .
I do n’t know of any place in Iraq that has suffered this much violence since Saddam Hussein ’s genocidal Anfal Campaign against Kurds .
Baghdad is nowhere near as torn up as Ramadi .
The city is still in terrible shape , but its regeneration is unmistakable .
“ How safe is it here , really ? ” I asked Major Peters .
“ What if I rented a house here for a month and lived alone without any protection ?
What would happen to me ? ”
“ You could rent a house here for a while , ” he said , “ and be okay without bodyguards , but I would n’t stay too long .
Something might happen to you eventually .
Remember AQI wants to retake the city .
They might eventually find you . ”
I asked Captain McGee the same question .
I have no plans to do this .
The question is purely theoretical .
“ You would probably be okay downtown , ” he said , “ but you would definitely be fine just north of town .
If you tried that in February you would not have lasted four hours . ”
“ You trust the locals that much ? ” I said .
“ I do , ” he said .
“ The only people I trust with my life in this country are the Kurds , ” I said .
“ I trust these people almost as much , ” he said .
“ Are they petty ?
Yes .
Are they tribal ?
Yes .
Are they Arabs ? ”
He rolled his eyes .
“ Yes .
Do they believe in conspiracy theories ?
Yes .
But they have their act together now . ”
I patrolled Market Street downtown with Sergeant Hicks and Lieutenant Markham .
Kids loudly cheered as we drove past .
Some children ran all the way up to the Humvees and knocked on the doors , beckoning us to get out .
When we did dismount our Humvees every civilian on the street except vendors dropped what they were doing and came forward to greet us .
I photographed a freshly painted cell phone store that looked new .
“ That ’s when you know life is coming back to normal , ” Sergeant Hicks said , “ when they open a cell phone shop . ”
“ It ’s amazing for us to see people out on that street buying and selling things , ” Captain Phil Messer said to me later .
“ That never happened for the first months we were out here .
Literally zero businesses were open .
People were scared shitless of Al Qaeda .
If you pissed them off they would show up at your house in the middle of the night , rape your women in front of you , kill your sons , and say you will not help the Americans .
Huge numbers of these people just fled to Syria . ”
I saw young Iraqi men picking up trash that had been dumped all over the city when there was no garbage collection during the fighting .
“ This cleanup operation is a big deal for counterinsurgency , ” Sergeant Hicks said .
“ We ’re helping them organize it , and it shows Al Qaeda that the people are with us now .
They would have been killed if they tried this before . ”
Iraqi children may know only a handful of words in English , but mister and picture are two of them .
Every kid in Iraq demands to be photographed .
I heard “ Mister , Mister , Picture Picture ! ” literally hundreds of times whenever I stepped into the streets of Ramadi .
Some kids would say “ Mister , Mister , Picture , Picture , ” dozens of times all by themselves .
I saw so many pictures of crazed Iraqis wearing ski masks and carrying rocket launchers and Kalashnikovs before I went to Baghdad and Ramadi that I slowly started to think , against my better judgment , that such people are typical .
I never once saw anyone like that .
They are around , obviously , but they are not in any way typical .
These are the typical faces I saw in Iraq .
They are the ones I now think of when trying to figure out what the United States should do in Iraq .
They are the ones who will have to suffer the consequences the longest .
Some of the Soldiers started handing out candy to children .
Mass pandemonium broke out .
American Soldiers hand out candy to Iraqi children
Iraqi kids will shove and even punch each other to get a piece of candy .
The Soldiers should probably hand this stuff out a little more orderly .
The kids are cute , but their aggressiveness is a little distressing .
“ One thing these people really understand , ” a Soldier sadly told me by way of explanation , “ is pain . ”
*
Back at the Joint Security Station – a large rented house where Iraqi and American Soldiers live side by side and keep tabs on a small piece of the city – the Iraqis taught Arabic to the Americans .
The Americans taught English to the Iraqis .
The Iraqis gently helped the Americans with their Arabic accents and used basic books as learning tools where words were spelled out in both Arabic and Latin alphabets .
The Soldiers and Marines were learning basic Arabic , what you would expect to learn in an Arabic 101 class at most .
The Iraqis were a little bit farther along in their English , but not much .
The Iraqis made tea for Americans .
The Americans made coffee for Iraqis .
I could see that these men ( and they were all men ) felt genuine affection for each other .
The Soldiers and Marines clearly thought of me , a fellow American , as more of an outsider than the Iraqi Army Soldiers who also were there .
They ate , slept , worked , fought , bled , and died next to each other in the heat of battle against those who had earlier taken over the city .
My status as a fellow American seemed to count for less with the Soldiers and Marines than the trauma they shared with their Iraqi counterparts .
I did not hold it against them .
“ We Americans and Iraqis have been through hell together here , ” said Captain McGee .
When I visited the police station in Mushadah just north of Baghdad , where American Military Police are training the Iraqi Police , most Americans saw the Iraqis as lazy , corrupt , and contemptible .
In Mushadah the Americans seemed to relish the opportunity to complain about the Iraqis to me , a fellow American , whom they clearly felt they had much more in common with .
They were sure I would sympathize with their complaints , and they were right .
It does not bode well for the future in Baghdad .
Anbar Province really is different , and it ’s not just because Al Qaeda has been driven out .
The Iraqi Army Soldiers in Ramadi were also much more friendly with me than were their counterparts in Baghdad , who politely said hello to me but never , not once , said anything else .
I started to prepare an MRE ( Meal Ready to Eat ) for myself – Chicken Tetrazzini , which somehow tastes the least processed of all the MRE options – and flipped through an old issue of Air and Space magazine that Lieutenant Hightower had fished out of his desk for me .
“ No , no , no , no , no , no , no , ” an Iraqi Soldier said to me when he saw what I was doing .
“ You eat Iraqi food , ” he said .
“ MRE food no good . ”
“ It ’s fine , ” I said .
“ I do n’t mind . ”
“ No ! ” he said .
“ We give you Iraqi food .
Come with me . ”
An Iraqi cook had prepared a delicious meal of barbecued chicken and rice with a spicy red sauce I had never eaten before .
The Iraqi was right .
It was much better than MRE food .
“ We have one Iraqi lieutenant here who speaks pretty good English , ” Marine Lieutenant Jonathan Welch told me .
“ You should talk to him .
He has a sarcastic sense of humor and a really interesting point of view . ”
“ That would be terrific , ” I said .
“ Can you introduce me to him ? ”
He went to find the lieutenant , but came back with bad news .
“ He wo n’t talk to you , ” he said .
“ Apparently some reporters recently spent a few days with him and his men .
They wrote an agenda - driven story with a few quotes yanked out of context .
He said the story was a total lie and that he refuses to have anything to do with the media . ”
I heard complaints of that sort about the media every day from American Soldiers and Marines , but this was the first time I had heard it , albeit indirectly , from an Arab Iraqi .
Lieutenant Welch did n’t mind talking to me , though .
None of the Americans refused to talk to me even if they were suspicious of journalists .
What did he think of the Iraqi Army and Police in Anbar Province ?
I had n’t heard any complaints yet , not from one single person .
“ The Iraqi Army here is very good , ” he said .
“ One of the best battalions in Iraq . ”
“ Have they been infiltrated ? ” I said .
“ I went to a police station in the Baghdad area and was told that perhaps half of them work with Al Qaeda . ”
“ They ’re not infiltrated here , ” he said .
“ Most of the Iraqi Soldiers here are Shias . ” Al Qaeda is exclusively Sunni and views Shias as infidels worthy only of slaughter .
“ They are Muslims , but very secular in their outlook .
They are no more religious than Sunday Catholics .
The Shias in the army work very well with the Sunnis in the army here .
There is n’t any friction at all .
It ’s sort of like when the U.S. Army integrated black and white Americans .
It breaks down bigotry .
The Shia Soldiers helped rescue Sunni civilians from Sunni terrorists and reduced sectarian tensions on both sides . ”
“ Why is the Iraqi Army here in so much better shape than in Baghdad ? ” I said .
“ One reason , ” he said , “ is because most of these people have been in the army longer .
They were among the first to sign up .
They have more experience , and the bad ones have been weeded out . ”
“ Are they competent ? ” I said .
“ Do you mean are they tactically proficient ? ” he said .
I nodded .
“ Fairly , ” he said .
“ There are coordination issues at the battalion level , but otherwise they ’re pretty good .
The Iraqi Army and the Iraqi Police are actually one of the most encouraging things I have seen here .
Some of these people were paid for the first time only yesterday . ”
He said this in August .
“ They are incredibly dedicated . ”
Like everyone else I talked to , he was frankly stunned by the changes he has seen in Ramadi .
“ This place has made an amazing turnaround , ” he said .
“ Everyone knew about Ramadi .
It was another Fallujah , but it was worse than Fallujah .
I did not want to come here .
I was supposed to have an easy deployment in Karbala .
Most guys coming out here were looking forward to combat .
Not me .
I had already done it .
If you told me a few months ago what it would be like now I would n’t believe it .
A little while ago we went to a soccer game .
Lieutenant Tierney put it together .
They have sixteen soccer teams now .
We bought them uniforms , balls , water for the field , everything .
They had a huge opening ceremony .
Hundreds of people were there .
It was incredible .
Just incredible .
It was a real storybook turnaround .
This is why we fight .
This is why what we do is worth doing .
This is what makes the sacrifices , like Lieutenant Hightower having metal enter his body , worthwhile . ”
Lieutenant Hightower was standing right next to us when Lieutenant Welch said that .
He was hit with an IED a few months ago .
Pieces of shrapnel tore up his leg .
He nodded at what Lieutenant Welch said , agreeing that getting “ blown up , ” as Welch put it , was worth it .
“ That is the most encouraging thing , ” he said , “ seeing American Soldiers at soccer games at a stadium that recently was used as a graveyard . ”
*
“ We ’re learning to use local conflict resolution strategies , ” said Colonel John Charlton .
“ Living with Iraqis every day helps us understand local culture .
We ’ve actually become attached to these people on a personal level .
We feel responsible for their safety .
We ’re concerned about what will happen to our Iraqi friends if we do n’t succeed in this country . ”
I heard quite a number of Soldiers and Marines express the same sentiment .
Whether it ’s true or it is n’t , and whether it ’s supposed to be this way or not , sometimes I sensed they feel like they ’re fighting for Iraqis more than they feel they are fighting for Americans .
“ We play soccer with the Iraqis , ” Captain McGee said .
“ They always win .
We taught them American football , though , and we always beat them at that .
They ca n’t even throw the ball right . ”
Iraqi children play soccer under the protective umbrella of American Soldiers
“ All the mosques now have pro-US messages now , ” Major Peters said .
“ They used to be anti-American , in part because AQI barged in and told them to broadcast anti-Americanism or die . ”
“ We have excellent relationships with every imam and every mosque in the city , ” Colonel Charlton said .
“ Terrific relations .
There are no negative comments about the coalition in mosques whatsoever .
Previously there was .
Partly because they hated us for a while , and also because AQI said to broadcast anti-American messages or they would be killed . ”
“ We get positive atmospherics from the locals , ” Captain McGee said .
“ They say We feel really safe with you out here .
We want to make sure they never think of us as an oppressor . ”
If that ever happens ( again ) , the Americans in Ramadi will be in deep trouble .
They should count themselves lucky so far .
“ We still have n’t seen a re-emergence of nationalist cells even four months after defeating Al Qaeda , ” he continued .
“ That ’s because we ’re helping with projects and humanitarian aid . ”
“ Who exactly do you mean when you say nationalist cells ? ” I said .
“ Baathists , ” he said , “ and a myriad of small Sunni rejectionist groups who wanted to eject coalition forces but did not harm Iraqis .
They could have chosen to come back , but so far they have n’t .
Partly , I think , it ’s because personal contact with Iraqis over time has disproved the conspiracy theories about how we ’re supposedly here to steal oil and women . ”
Half the world seems to believe Americans invaded Iraq for the oil .
I had n’t heard about Americans supposedly invading Iraq to steal women , but it makes sense now that I ’ve heard it .
Many Iraqis compare the American invasion of Iraq , fairly or not , to the far nastier Mongol invasion of Iraq in the 13th Century .
That was the chief point of reference for many of the nation ’s Arabs ( but not Kurds ) when the Americans first showed up .
Other strange conspiracy theories abound .
I never saw an American wearing a red beret , but apparently some Iraqis believe red berets are dyed in human blood .
Perhaps the most amusing theory , which I know many Iraqis believe to this day , is that American Soldiers and Marines have what they call “ cold pills ” so they ca n’t feel the blistering heat of the summer .
“ I demand cold pills ! ” an Iraqi officer said when he barged into the office of Colonel John Steele at Camp Taji .
“ Listen , ” the colonel said to the Iraqi and pointed at his own forehead .
“ You see these beads of sweat on my forehead that are running down toward my nose ?
That ’s because I feel just as hot as you do . ”
One American soldier told me about a time he was having tea in a friendly Iraqi civilian ’s house .
“ It ’s hot today , ” said the Iraqi , “ but at least you have your air conditioner on . ”
“ What do you mean ? ” said the Soldier .
“ Your air conditioner , ” the Iraqi said and pointed at the Soldier ’s bulky body armor .
The Soldier laughed out loud .
“ That ’s body armor , ” he said .
“ Not an air conditioner ! ”
“ Come on , ” the Iraqi said .
“ We all know those are air conditioners . ”
The Soldier took off his body armor and handed it to the Iraqi .
“ Here , ” he said .
“ Put it on and see for yourself . ”
The Iraqi donned the armor and suddenly felt even hotter .
“ Hmm , ” he said .
“ It is pretty hot .
But I ’m sure it will get cold after a while . ”
*
Ramadi was eviscerated by war .
It is still an emergency room case by the standards of the West , but it slowly recovering now that it ’s safe to rebuild .
“ Electricity and water are major priorities , ” Colonel Charlton said .
“ Right now they have electricity for eight hours a day . ”
Recently they had zero .
“ It ’s better now because the insurgents are n’t sabotaging the power grid .
The electricity and sewer workers are working the hardest .
They have a sewer system here , but it was broken by IEDs planted under the roads .
Restoring basic services is a priority because it provides stability .
The lack of services made people unhappy and exploitable . ”
Sewage still runs in the streets
“ AQI destroyed the cell phone tower and TV station , ” Major Peters said , “ but we put the tower back up . ”
I was able to make phone calls to the United States from Ramadi without even replacing my SIM card with an Iraqi card , but the system is still unreliable , and only around a third of my calls were ever connected .
“ You see all these people working on the side of the road ? ” Captain Phil Messer said .
“ You would not have seen that even four months ago .
It was absolutely unheard of . ”
13 million dollars have been spent by the American military on rubble removal alone .
One of the many vast swaths of cleared rubble
“ Female Army Soldiers are working on women ’s outreach programs , ” said Major Peters .
“ We ’re like the Peace Corps with muscles here , ” one Solider told me .
That seems about right .
And they ’ve cleared a relatively safe space for civilian aid workers to move in and help , too .
“ Each member of the municipal government has a partner with civilian reconstruction teams who specialize in various areas , ” Colonel Charlton said .
“ At first judges and lawyers were afraid to even meet with us .
They had to meet with us in secret .
Military lawyers are being sent in to help now , and also civilian experts .
They had no place for criminal trials , but we ’re helping them build that now .
There is also quite a bit of progress toward implementing the Rule of Law .
The Iraqi Police were arresting people and no one really knew why or had documentation .
People started just getting warehoused .
We ’re training them on proper police procedures and documentation , and showing them how to build case files .
They all attend a detainee handling course to ensure against prisoner abuse . ”
I do n’t know what the population of Ramadi is now .
It was around 450,000 people before the war , and it sharply declined during the fighting when so many fled .
But the population is growing again , partly because many Sunnis are moving there from Baghdad , and also because many who left are returning .
“ Every couple of days now people come home , ” Captain Messer , referring to the small part of the city he ’s responsible for .
“ They swing by the station and tell us they ’re moving back and ask if it ’s okay if they return to their houses .
Of course it ’s okay .
They do n’t have to ask that .
But they do n’t know .
We tell them welcome home , welcome back to the neighborhood .
And they always invite us over for dinner . ”
These men asked us to sit down and have tea with them , but we had to keep walking
Ramadi , and Anbar Province in general , still have serious problems .
“ We still have to worry about potential destabilizing factors in the future , ” Colonel Charlton said .
“ Reconstruction delays , economic stagnation , the isolation of Anbar by the government .
Any of these things could happen .
The central government needs to come out here and create some good faith . ”
“ They are pretty strongly against the government here , ” Captain McGee said .
“ But last I heard that was n’t any kind of a crime .
Half of America opposes our own government , so…so what ? ”
The biggest problem , of course , is that Al Qaeda is n’t dead yet .
Last week ’s assassination of Anbar Awakening movement leader Sheikh Sattar Abu Risha is only the most recent grim reminder that Ramadi is still a part of Iraq .
“ AQ will try to re-take the city , ” Colonel Charlton said .
“ I am certain of it .
They ’ve already tried .
They came in from Samarra , swung around , and approached from the south through the desert . ”
They did the same thing again even more recently .
“ It was an attack planned at the AQ national level and it erupted in a day - long fire fight .
The whole province is a major failure and defeat for Al Qaeda .
They need to ‘ fix ’ this , so to speak . ”
The city , and the rest of Anbar Province will continue to suffer the tragic consequences of its geography even if it manages to repair its politics and its culture .
Will another insurgency erupt ?
Will the Sunnis of Anbar declare war on the Shias in Baghdad ?
Well I do n’t know , this is Iraq .
But whatever happens , and whether it ’s good news or bad , never again will Al Qaeda find a warm home here .
Post - script : Please support independent journalism .
Traveling to and working in Iraq is expensive .
I ca n’t publish dispatches on this Web site for free without substantial reader donations , so I 'll appreciate it if you pitch in what you can .
Blog Patron allows you to make recurring monthly payments , and even small donations will be extraordinarily helpful so I can continue this project .
If you prefer to use Pay Pal , that is still an option .
If you would like to donate for travel and equipment expenses and you do n't want to send money over the Internet , please consider sending a check or money order to :
Michael Totten
P.O. Box 312
Portland , OR 97207-0312
Many thanks in advance .
Posted by Michael J. Totten at September 18 , 2007 01:31 AM
TEHRAN , Iran ( CNN ) --
Iran should be allowed to pursue its nuclear program for peaceful purposes , Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Tuesday during the first visit to the country by a Kremlin leader since 1943 .
Putin , right , is greeted by Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad following his arrival in Tehran .
Putin , who is in Tehran to attend a summit of Caspian Sea nations , said that he and the other leaders agreed that " peaceful nuclear activities must be allowed " in the region .
" The Iranians are cooperating with Russian nuclear agencies and the main objectives are peaceful objectives , " he said .
Russia is building Iran 's first nuclear power plant and has resisted moves by the U.S. and its allies to impose stronger U.N. sanctions against Tehran .
On Monday , U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates reiterated the Bush administration 's stance that " all options " must be kept " on the table " in confronting the threats posed by Iran -- a reference to the option of using military action against the long - time U.S. adversary .
" We should have no illusions about the nature of this regime or its leaders -- about their designs for their nuclear program , their willingness to live up to their rhetoric , their intentions for Iraq , or their ambitions in the Gulf region , " Gates said in a speech to the Jewish Institute for National Security Affairs .
The leaders of Iran , Russia , Kazakhstan , Turkmenistan and Azerbaijan also met Tuesday to reach agreement on issues relating to the sharing and regulating of the Caspian Sea -- the world 's largest inland body of water .
Speaking afterwards , Putin said that no Caspian nation should offer its territory to third parties intent on military action against other countries in the region -- a reference to rumors that the U.S. planned to use Azerbaijan as a base for a possible attack against Iran , The Associated Press reported .
" We are saying that no Caspian nation should offer its territory to third powers for use of force or military aggression against any Caspian state , " Putin said .
" The Caspian Sea is an inland sea and it only belongs to the Caspian states , therefore only they are entitled to have their ships and military forces here , " added Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
Putin , defying reports of an assassination plot against him , was greeted by Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki as he stepped off his plane at Tehran 's Mehrabad Airport .
During a news conference Monday after talks with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Wiesbaden , Germany , Putin said rumors of an attempt on his life would not stop his plans .
" Of course I will travel to Iran , " Putin said .
" If I reacted to these kinds of rumors every time , I could never leave the house . "
Do n't Miss TIME.com :
The point of Putin's Tehran trip
The point of Putin's Tehran trip Putin to visit Iran , despite ' plot '
Iranian officials denied there was an assassination plot against Putin , with a Foreign Ministry spokesman describing rumors of a possible terrorist action during the Putin visit baseless .
" Spreading this kind of totally false news lacks any value and cannot damage the trend of the prepared programs , " spokesman Mohammadali Hosseini told the Iranian FARS news agency .
Hosseini blamed the rumor on Western media , particularly the U.S. media , saying the report was " made up by the enemies of relations between Iran and Russia to create a psychological war . "
Putin's visit is the first by a leader in the Kremlin to Iran since Joseph Stalin 's World War II conference meeting with U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt and British Prime Minister Winston Churchill .
" Putin 's trip to Tehran is a show of Russia 's independence in global affairs .
Putin , who approaches the end of his term , wants to demonstrate that he would n't cave in to the U.S. pressure , " said Alexander Pikayev , an expert on Iran with Russia 's Institute for World Economy and International Relations , in a report carried by AP .
Putin 's schedule also includes meetings with Ahmadinejad and Iran 's supreme leader , Ali Khamenei , AP said .
E-mail to a friend
Copyright 2007 CNN .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Associated Press contributed to this report .
All About Russia • Vladimir Putin • Nuclear Proliferation
# 262417 +( 11113 ) - [ X ] < _ kr4m3r > so many fucking criminals , its bullshit
< foniks` > heh , if we sent all the criminals to some empty continent and just left them there to die
< foniks` > and showed up like 50 yrs later like , " sup ? "
< foniks` > whatd u think they 'd say ?
< FoSZoR [ bg ] > something along the lines of , " G`Day mate "
When we last wrote about the Storm Worm in September , Heise Security had noted that the growing botnet had not yet been used for much , but could be a threat in the future .
" [ A ] lthough the network has so far been primarily used to send spam , it could also be used for DDoS attacks on businesses or even countries , " said Heise .
Since then , Heise 's prediction has come true ; the worm now attacks those who publish new information on the inner workings of the worm .
Researchers are allegedly " running scared " from the worm , which seemingly has a sentient ability to detect and attack whoever threatens it .
IBM / ISS host - protection architect Josh Korman told Interop New York conference attendees this week that the worm has the ability to see who is probing its servers and launch a DDoS attack on that IP as retaliation .
As a result , some researchers are afraid to publish any of their findings about the worm for fear of even harsher retaliation .
" As you try to investigate [ Storm ] , it knows , and it punishes , " Korman said , as recounted by Network World .
" It fights back . "
Since its inception early this year , the Storm Worm has been spreading like wildfire .
It first came as spam e-mail and claimed to provide information on storms going on in Europe , but soon began to morph into many different forms — presumably to avoid easy tracking .
In almost every instance , the worm sent spam that contained a link , which would then infect the user 's computer in order to send more spam .
It appeared as if the worm 's only purpose was to get as many computers as possible as part of its massive botnet , which ( as we now know ) is used to launch DDoS attacks .
There has been some level of debate over just how serious the Storm Worm 's threat really is , and whether the botnet is as big as some researchers claim .
Some had estimated that up to 15 million computers had become part of the Storm Worm 's botnet , but others disagree , citing numbers in the hundreds of thousands .
Detractors also point out that awareness of the worm allowed antivirus and malware - removal programs to target the worm in recent months , cutting down the number of infected computers even further .
Indeed , Microsoft 's anti-malware team added the Storm Worm to its Malicious Software Removal Tool on September 11 .
That update was pushed out to millions of Windows users and eliminated many infected nodes almost overnight .
Just last week , UC San Diego network security expert Brandon Enright told ToorCon conference - goers that his most recent data showed the Storm Worm sitting at a mere 20,000 computers , according to IDG .
He did , however , note that he too was subject to a DDoS attack from the Storm Worm some time ago after having researched it just a little too much .
 from the Niagara Falls Reporter
Making money from government service and war , and lining the pockets of family and friends is a sacred creed in the Bush family .
The Corleone family in " The Godfather " showed more restraint and was less inclined toward violence than the greedy gangsters the Bush crime family unleashed on the world .
Using public office and influence to make millions is so ingrained in the Bushevik regime that they do n't even think twice when they raid the public treasury to take care of themselves .
Vice President Dick Cheney cashed in on his stint as secretary of defense to rake in millions in government contracts as CEO of Halliburton .
The no bid , cost - plus contracts Halliburton subsequently landed in Iraq are just good business deals , expected spoils for imperial lords .
The fact that Cheney was still getting residual payments from the company should in no way be considered a conflict .
As the Bushes gather this week , they have much to be thankful for .
Their family business thrives and their wealth grows as the rest of the nation worries about having a job , making mortgage payments , having health insurance and paying for college tuition -- concerns unknown and unfelt among the well - stuffed Bush brood .
Neil Bush , the president 's brother , is cashing in on the No Child Left Behind Act .
Neil , you 'll recall , escaped indictment for his role in the collapse of the Silverado Savings and Loan .
The taxpayers picked up the tab for his malfeasance .
Failure in business means nothing when all you have to do is shake down your daddy 's pals for your next entrepreneurial experiment .
» Read the complete article at the Niagara Falls Reporter .
_______
BILL GALLAGEHR
About author Bill Gallagher , a Peabody Award winner , is a former Niagara Falls city councilman who now covers Detroit for Fox2 News .
His e-mail address is Bill Gallagher , a Peabody Award winner , is a former Niagara Falls city councilman who now covers Detroit for Fox2 News .
His e-mail address is gallaghernewsman@aol.com
Purchase Articles from Professional Writing Service !
Purchase articles
You may have to write an article for work , school , or any type of organizational affair , but whatever you need it for these are documents that need to
. --
As Californians brace for ever - higher gasoline prices , they can glimpse what might be their future in this tiny Eastern Sierra town , where motorists pay more than $ 4 a gallon at the two gas stations .
The Shell station in Bridgeport , a tourist town of 850 residents during the summertime peak , is charging $ 4.09 a gallon for regular .
The outlet posted prices above the $ 4 mark at least four other times this year .
Rosemary Glazier , who works in Bridgeport as Mono County ’s assistant finance director , is so irritated by the prices that she refuses to fill up at the local stations .
“ It makes the whole town look bad , ” Glazier said of the $ 4 - plus prices .
Instead , she drives all the way to Gardnerville in Nevada , 62 miles north of Bridgeport , where gas is substantially cheaper .
Soon , however , there may be no escape .
Driven largely by the soaring cost of crude oil , pump prices across the country are approaching the lofty levels that set records during the summer -- an unprecedented turn of events that will make this Thanksgiving weekend the most expensive ever for millions of travelers .
And $ 4 fuel may become a more common sight , perhaps as early as next year , some gas - watchers predict .
On Wednesday , the cost of U.S. benchmark crude oil reached as high as $ 99.29 a barrel in New York futures trading , briefly threatening to hit the psychologically daunting $ 100 mark , but pulled back to close at $ 97.29 , down 74 cents .
Consumers already are getting slapped by the recent run-up in oil .
On average , motorists nationwide are paying $ 3.09 for a gallon of self - serve regular , an increase of more than 86 cents from last Thanksgiving , according to the American Automobile Assn .
In California , the average pump price is up 92 cents from last year , to $ 3.42 a gallon .
Los Angeles resident Jeffrey Kowalczyk got a taste of Bridgeport ’s gas - price pain as he passed through town Tuesday on a Thanksgiving holiday trip to his grandmother ’s house in Carson City , Nev .
Kowalczyk , who works for the advertising firm TBWA \Chiat \ Day , visited the Shell station earlier in the day with his two daughters .
“ I just needed to top it off because there ’s nothing much between here and Carson City . . . and it was just ‘ ching - ching , ’ ” Kowalczyk said as he munched on a sandwich from Albert ’s Meat Market .
Pointing to his Nissan V - 8 Titan pickup , he added , “ It ’s going to eat the gas . . . so it ’s going to be a good $ 100 to $ 200 more ” than when they made the trip a year ago .
Even so , Kowalczyk figured that driving was still going to be cheaper than buying three airplane tickets , the cost of which has been escalating steadily because the price of jet fuel has jumped too .
Plus , with U.S. Highway 395 offering beautiful mountain and valley views , he said , “ It ’s a nice drive . ”
At the county government building a block away , Glazier said tourists like Kowalczyk were the ones pumping most of the gasoline in Bridgeport .
“ They get stuck buying it . . . because we ’re in the middle of nowhere , ” she said .
Glazier said many locals shun Bridgeport ’s Shell station , as well as the nearby Gas & Go , which is typically priced slightly below the Shell .
John Simpson , who owns both stations , does n’t staff the Gas &
Go during the winter , but customers can still pump gas there and pay with a credit card .
Simpson said employees working the counters at the station get a lot of complaints , especially from customers who are accustomed to Nevada fuel costs .
And he knows some people in Bridgeport are miffed by his prices .
“ They do n’t like me .
They think I ’m ripping them off , ” he said .
Simpson said he had to charge more for fuel because it costs more to bring supplies by tanker truck either from Sacramento -- 170 miles away -- or from San Francisco , a 230 - mile trek that includes dangerous mountain passes .
“ If there ’s any kind of hitch in the road . . . or it ’s snowing , I ’m dead in the water ” and wo n’t get the fuel on time , Simpson said .
In addition , it costs at least $ 1,000 to summon a technician to fix a gas pump , he said .
“ So you either go up [ in price ] or you go broke .
It ’s as simple as that . ”
The Nevada stations , meanwhile , do n’t charge customers as much in gas taxes and do n’t have to comply with the expensive environmental regulations that apply to California stations .
Roy Panigada , a Bridgeport resident and the deputy tax collector for Mono County , is one of the many locals who dodge Simpson ’s stations : “ Everyone I know tries to avoid getting gas here . ”
Panigada , who landed here after leaving Rancho Cucamonga six years ago , said he and others take advantage of Nevada ’s cheaper fuel prices by filling up their cars as well as a few 5 - gallon gas cans during shopping trips to Gardnerville or Carson City .
He fills three of the containers every two weeks or so , to top off the other two family vehicles , with a little left over for his boat .
When he stopped at an Arco station in Gardnerville last week , the cost of regular was $ 3.13 a gallon , 96 cents a gallon cheaper than Bridgeport ’s Shell , Panigada said .
“ It ’s a substantial savings . ”
Linda Kaiser , taking orders from the walk - up window at the Barn restaurant on Main Street , is another informal boycotter of local gas .
“ I ’ve never purchased gas here because it makes me aggravated , ” said Kaiser , who travels 35 curvy miles to work from her home in Walker .
“ I ’m cheap , so we work around it . ”
Bridgeport ’s business owners are less critical of the gas prices .
They know the cost of everything jumps when you settle far from the city lights -- and they charge more for their goods too .
At Buster ’s Food Market , a gallon of milk costs $ 5.49 .
In Los Angeles , Vons charged $ 4.79 a gallon for its house brand and $ 3.17 for the Westwood brand , according to its website Wednesday .
Raymond Robles , who owns Casa Michaela , a Mexican restaurant a mile south of Bridgeport ’s tiny strip of shops , said the higher prices reflected the town ’s remoteness and the fact that businesses there make the bulk of their money during a summer tourist season that lasts just a few months .
“ I ’m not upset about the price of gas , ” Robles said .
“ It ’s hard to make a living here .
There are days in the winter when I have no customers at all . ”
Robles said his Farmer Bros. coffee distributor tacks on a fuel surcharge of $ 3 a week , and a bunch of cilantro -- about 50 cents at a grocery store in Carson City -- costs him up to $ 1.20 .
It ’s the same for everything , he says .
“ If it ’s not a fuel surcharge , then there ’s a minimum order for the truck to stop . ”
A look around Bridgeport tells the story .
It ’s a big draw for fishermen , hunters and others who love the outdoors , but it does n’t get the snow that attracts skiers and snowboarders to the likes of Mammoth Lakes to the south .
As soon as the trout - fishing season ends Nov. 15 , the life goes out of Bridgeport .
It ’s not quite as dead as Bodie , the famous ghost town not far away , but it ’s close enough .
The summertime crowd of 850 dwindles to 500 year - round residents this time of year , and only a few shops and restaurants stay open through the winter .
Albert Pegorare , who owns Albert ’s Meat Market , stays open year - round and knows the pain of seasonal income .
He said he believes in supporting local businesses -- and that includes Simpson ’s stations .
“ I do n’t think John makes much money over there ” at the Shell , Pegorare said .
“ I know that ’s a minority opinion , but I think he gets a bad rap . ”
High gas prices do concern him , though .
Many of his customers come from Southern California or San Francisco , and when fuel costs rise across the state , his business dips .
“ You have your dedicated fishermen who come no matter what the price of gas is , but they ’re a small handful , ” Pegorare said .
“ But our campgrounds are generally filled with families . ”
With household commutes getting more and more expensive in Los Angeles and San Francisco , at least some may opt to skip the long drive to Bridgeport , he said .
High gas prices “ are going to bite all of us , because if the campgrounds are half full , then half the number of people will be coming here to buy a porterhouse steak or to hit the local bakery . ”
As for surviving gasoline prices that top $ 4 a gallon , Pegorare had this advice : “ Get a good pair of shoes . ”
elizabeth.douglass@
latimes.com
As there is a raised risk of E. coli O157:H7 contamination of 414,000 cases of pizza products with pepperoni toppings , the makers , General Mills , has announced a voluntary recall of said pizzas .
As these are freezable products , the company is asking consumers to check in their freezers as well .
The pizzas were produced in General Mills ’ Ohio factory and distributed throughout the USA .
The products to look out for are :
( SKU = stock keeping units or UPC codes )
— Totino ’s Party Supreme – SKU number 42800- 10700
— Totino ’s Three Meat – SKU number 42800 - 10800
— Totino ’s Pepperoni – SKU number 42800 - 11400
— Totino ’s Pepperoni – SKU number 42800-92114
— Totino ’s Classic Pepperoni – SKU number 42800- 11402
— Totino ’s Pepperoni Trio – SKU number 42800-72157
— Totino ’s Party Combo – SKU number 42800 - 11600
— Totino ’s Combo – SKU number 42800-92116
— Jeno ’s Crisp ‘n Tasty Supreme – SKU number 35300-00561
— Jeno ’s Crisp ‘n Tasty Pepperoni – SKU number 35300-00572
— Jeno ’s Crisp ‘n Tasty Combo – SKU number 35300-00576
When 21 cases of E.coli related illnesses were reported in ten states , with half of the patients being hospitalized , authorities started to investigate .
The first case happened in June 20th , 2007 , while the latest one happened on October 10th , 2007 .
Nine of those patients had consumed Totino ’s or Jeno ’s pizza with pepperoni topping prior to becoming ill .
Over 120 million Totino ’s and Jeno ’s pizzas have been distributed since the first reported illness .
The company says that as soon as it learnt about the potential problem it launched an investigation .
As a precaution , Totino ’s and Jeno ’s parent company , General Mills , issued a Class I recall .
According to the company , the investigation is still underway – it also adds that it is cooperating fully with state and federal authorities .
Totino ’s / Jeno’s
P.O. Box 200 – Pizza
Minneapolis , MN 55440-0200
Consumers concerned about the recall can telephone ( 800 ) 949-9055 .
What is E. coli ?
E. coli is short for Escherichia coli , it is one of the bacteria that line the gut of humans and animals .
It also exists in raw and undercooked beef , infected water and milk .
Most E. coli strains are harmless .
However , O157:H7 can cause food poisoning .
A sample of a person ’s feces ( stool ) must be tested to confirm E.coli poisoning .
Cattle are believed to the main source of infection .
It can spread as a result of :
— Eating contaminated food , such as undercooked beef burgers , raw vegetables which have been washed or watered with contaminated water
— Drinking untreated milk or dairy products
— Contact with infected animals
Symptoms of E. coli Poisoning
— Diarrhoea ( sometimes bloody )
— Abdominal pain
— Fever ( sometimes )
Symptoms usually appear about 1 - 3 days after infection .
http://www.generalmills.com
Written by – Christian Nordqvist
Illustration by Ronald Kurniawan Hasan Elahi whips out his Samsung Pocket PC phone and shows me how he 's keeping himself out of Guantanamo .
He swivels the camera lens around and snaps a picture of the Manhattan Starbucks where we 're drinking coffee .
Then he squints and pecks at the phone 's touchscreen .
" OK !
It 's uploading now , " says the cheery , 35 - year - old artist and Rutgers professor , whose bleached - blond hair complements his fluorescent - green pants .
" It 'll go public in a few seconds . "
Sure enough , a moment later the shot appears on the front page of his Web site , TrackingTransience.net .
There are already tons of pictures there .
Elahi will post about a hundred today — the rooms he sat in , the food he ate , the coffees he ordered .
Poke around his site and you 'll find more than 20,000 images stretching back three years .
Elahi has documented nearly every waking hour of his life during that time .
He posts copies of every debit card transaction , so you can see what he bought , where , and when .
A GPS device in his pocket reports his real - time physical location on a map .
Elahi's site is the perfect alibi .
Or an audacious art project .
Or both .
The Bangladeshi - born American says the US government mistakenly listed him on its terrorist watch list — and once you 're on , it 's hard to get off .
To convince the Feds of his innocence , Elahi has made his life an open book .
Whenever they want , officials can go to his site and see where he is and what he 's doing .
Indeed , his server logs show hits from the Pentagon , the Secretary of Defense , and the Executive Office of the President , among others .
The globe - hopping prof says his overexposed life began in 2002 , when he stepped off a flight from the Netherlands and was detained at the Detroit airport .
He says FBI agents later told him they'd been tipped off that he was hoarding explosives in a Florida storage unit ; subsequent lie detector tests convinced them he was n't their man .
But with his frequent travel —
Elahi logs more than 70,000 air miles a year exhibiting his art work and attending conferences — he figured it was only a matter of time before he got hauled in again .
He might even be shipped off to Gitmo before anyone realized their mistake .
The FBI agents had given him their phone number , so he decided to call before each trip ; that way , they could alert the field offices .
He has n't been detained since .
So it dawned on him :
If being candid about his flights could clear his name , why not be open about everything ?
" I 've discovered that the best way to protect your privacy is to give it away , " he says , grinning as he sips his venti Black Eye .
Elahi relishes upending the received wisdom about surveillance .
The government monitors your movements , but it gets things wrong .
You can monitor yourself much more accurately .
Plus , no ambitious agent is going to score a big intelligence triumph by snooping into your movements when there 's a Web page broadcasting the Big Mac you ate four minutes ago in Boise , Idaho .
" It 's economics , " he says .
" I flood the market . "
Elahi says his students get it immediately .
They 've grown up spilling their guts online — posting Flickr photo sets and confessing secrets on MySpace .
He figures the day is coming when so many people shove so much personal data online that it will put Big Brother out of business .
For now , though , Big Brother is still on the case .
At least according to Elahi 's server logs .
" It 's really weird watching the government watch me , " he says .
But it sure beats Guantanamo .
Posts Previous : Birthday High Jinks for Ultima Online 's Richard Garriott Next : Can a Tiny Microphone Save the Bees — and the Food Supply ?
2007 was a year with many negative news stories .
The war in Iraq dragged on , as did the less - publicized war in Afghanistan .
The US economy began a decline precipitated by a crisis in the housing market .
And , there was increasingly bad news about the environment , the rapidity of the changes wrought by global warming .
Nonetheless , the most disturbing news was barely mentioned by the media : the polarization of America .
Living in Berkeley it 's difficult to comprehend this problem , as we 're surrounded by lefties who share our attitudes on most issues .
Nonetheless , the national polls provide abundant evidence of the deep divide in American public opinion .
Iraq ?
Republicans feel we 're doing fine , suspect that a biased liberal media underreports good news , and argue we should continue the occupation until we " win . "
On the other hand , Democrats view Iraq as a disaster , believe we 're policing a civil war , and feel we should leave as soon as possible .
The economy ?
Red voters think it 's fundamentally okay , say irresponsible individuals caused problems , and predict the market will make the necessary corrections .
In contrast , Blue voters see the economy as a looming disaster fueled by greedy conservative economic interests , want to protect unwary consumers , and believe the only remedy is massive government involvement .
This is not to say that one side is right and the other wrong , but rather to point out it 's increasingly the case that liberals and conservatives see America 's problems in fundamentally different ways .
It 's possible to march through a list of these problems -- health care , energy costs , reproductive rights , immigration , and so forth -- and be confident that red and blue voters have radically different opinions about each issue .
In another era this factionalism might not be important .
Unfortunately we are living in a historical period where the United States is faced with daunting problems , where citizens will be asked to change their lifestyles because of global climate change and the scarcity of fossil fuel .
These are challenges that require Americans to work together for the common good , rather than be restricted by the confines of narrow political interest .
It 's difficult to date the moment when this factionalism first became a major national problem , when the extreme competitiveness between Democrats and Republicans began to breed cynicism and hostility .
Certainly some of this rancor is due to the Administration of George W. Bush , who ran for President as " a uniter not a divider ...
It 's been my record .
It 's what I 've done as governor .
I know how to unite people . "
As was true with the majority of Bush 's campaign personas - compassionate conservative , believer in small government , and advocate of fiscal responsibility - time proved this to be a lie .
In both 2002 and 2004 , Bush led Republican campaigns that ruthlessly portrayed Democrats as weak on terrorism .
In 2002 , the GOP ran a TV ad linking then Senator Max Cleland - a decorated war veteran and triple amputee - with Osama bin Laden .
At the 2004 Republican convention , delegates mocked Senator John Kerry 's Purple Heart .
These attacks bred antagonism between the two Parties , and helped produce a situation where Congressional Republicans and Democrats did not cooperate .
Recently , Democratic Congressman Mike Thompson observed , " [ Congress ] is the only business in the world where your colleagues wake up in the morning and try to figure out how to screw over their colleagues . "
Republican Senator Olympia
Snowe agreed , " Unfortunately , there are not enough people building bridges .
There are too many people destroying them . "
Despite the serious nature of the factionalism dividing America , most of the 2008 Presidential candidates are n't talking about their ability to unite Americans .
None of the major Republican candidates - Giuliani , Huckabee , McCain , Romney and Thompson - has mentioned reconciliation as either a goal or as a something they have experience in .
And it has n't been a prominent topic for Democratic candidates either , except for Barrack Obama .
Several political commentators - including David Brooks and Andrew Sullivan - have followed Obama 's campaign and observed that he is a potentially a " transformational " candidate who has the ability to unite Americans .
Writing in the latest Atlantic Monthly Sullivan said , " Unlike any of the other candidates , [ Obama ] could take America - - finally - - past the debilitating , self - perpetuating family quarrel of the Baby Boom generation that has long engulfed all of us . "
Sullivan argued the bitter divide in American politics stems from the sixties : " between those who fought in Vietnam and those who did n't , and between those who fought and dissented and those who fought but never dissented at all . "
The writer dissected these difficulties and concluded : " If you are an American who yearns to finally get beyond the symbolic battles of the Boomer generation and face today 's actual problems , Obama may be your man . "
Whether the junior Senator from Illinois is or is not " the man " is not the point of my column .
Rather that he is addressing the deep division in American politics and aims to do something about it .
This should serve as an example for all the Presidential candidates .
We need to end the bitter partisanship dividing America .
_______
About author Bob Burnett is a Berkeley writer , activist , and Quaker .
Before starting a second career as a journalist , he was a technologist and one of the founding executives at Cisco Systems .
Bob can be reached at Bob Burnett is a Berkeley writer , activist , and Quaker .
Before starting a second career as a journalist , he was a technologist and one of the founding executives at Cisco Systems .
Bob can be reached at boburnett@comcast.net
Name Discrimination !
How It Affects Job and Career Choices , Life Status , Overall Success
Strange but true .
We live in a fairly prejudiced world .
But “ name discrimination ” takes the cake .
Maybe my diversified work place and my exposure to one of the most liberal work environments in the world ( here in San Francisco , CA ) has somehow conned me into thinking that things were cool at the office .
Not to mention that all the companies I ’ve worked for have solid stances on equal opportunity .
While there are many forms of discrimination that continue to proliferate in society , one of the silliest I ’ve encountered involves our very own names .
Here ’s a simple example : what would you think if you came across a highly unusual sounding name ?
It ’s way too easy to form an opinion now , right ?
Stereotypes abound , and your name can very well dictate how you ’d fare in life , in your career and even your job prospects .
As mentioned , I ’ve found it almost ridiculous that something that seemed so arbitrarily personal could stand in the way of your financial success and status .
Apparently there are studies that prove that your NAME , of all things , can make a difference to your social and financial standing .
You may think this is far out , but bear with me a moment .
Take a look at this table .
It shows how you can be stereotyped according to your name .
What ’s In A Name ?
Positive Names
People Thought They Were… Female Male Intelligent Abigail , Eleanor , Lisa , Meredith and Rebecca Clifford , David , Edward , John , Samuel , Ned and Tim Leaders Ruth Alexander , Dwight and Lance Hardworking Ada , Ingrid , Marie and Margaret Jake , Manuel , Ron and Todd Entrepreneurial and Professional Lorraine and Sylvia Gregory and Ted Talented Tina Neil Wealthy Audrey , Paige and Victoria Lucius , Edmond and Claude Blue - Collar Roxy Arnie Refined Indira , Calista and Grace Nigel , Alistair , Vaughn Ambitious Leigh Cedric Organized Julianne Outgoing Bernadette , Christy , Elaine , Gwen , Joy , Kathy , Kim , Patricia , Nancy and Wendy Allen , Cole , Danny , Ed , Gary , Jim , Russ and Rob Accountants ( Nerdy ) Minerva and Ingrid Myron and Reynold Teachers Trudy Thomas Wealthy Lawyers Drew
Negative Names
People Thought They Were… Name Deceitful Oswald Awkward Angus Show - Off Don Bratty Dennis A Jerk Ace Stubborn Rolf Two - faced Vera Bossy Joyce and Myrna Opinionated Rhea and Maud Old and Overweight Dolores Dumb Candy , Kiki and Vanna
Source : CareerBuilder.com and BehindTheName.com
But what has this got to do with personal finance ?
Well actually , a lot .
Stereotyping has its financial ramifications which have been recognized through several studies .
Well here are some specifics that prove that your name can wreck your chances of getting ahead , particularly if you have an African - American sounding name .
How A Name Affects Employment and Job Opportunities
A National Bureau of Economic Research Paper shows that job applicants with white names had a 50 % chance of getting a callback over those who had African - American names .
That is , traditional white sounding names only had to send 10 resumes to get one callback , while those that did n’t had to send out 15 resumes per callback .
One of their unsettling findings is that maybe it ’s employer bias in play , or the perception that race is tied to productivity .
Other facts from the study :
Only resumes were reviewed ; face to face meetings never took place .
A white name ’s callbacks yielded the equivalent of eight additional years of experience .
Residential address also mattered to some degree , with more callbacks received for resumes tied to wealthier , more educated or more - white zip codes .
Names made a bigger impact on results than addresses did .
Results were the same across occupation and industry categories covered in the experiment .
For companies with the “ equal opportunity ” byline , results did n’t seem to make a difference !
Only when a name did n’t provide a clue to race , were other elements of the resume considered .
More education and more skills displayed on a resume with an ethnic sounding name did n’t make a difference to the outcome .
Names that indicated gender also had an effect on results .
Names that worked in the experiment : Neil , Brett , Greg , Emily , Anne and Jill .
Neil , Brett , Greg , Emily , Anne and Jill .
Names that did n’t work in the experiment : Tamika , Ebony , Aisha , Rasheed , Kareem and Tyrone .
Could initial quick screening of resumes by headhunters cause this discriminatory effect ?
Imagine going through a huge pile of resumes which you need to whittle down to a manageable size .
Without realizing it , an HR representative may be unwittingly applying their immediate impressions on the pile of paper before them .
What else can they go on anyway ?
How A Name Affects Housing Opportunities
Beyond snagging jobs , it turns out that name discrimination is also alive and well in the rental circuit .
Another study by the Journal of Applied Social Psychology revealed these facts :
From 1,100 e-mail inquiries to Los Angeles - area landlords asking about vacant apartments advertised online , the traditional white sounding name elicited 89 % of positive replies .
A foreign sounding name brought in 66 % of replies while the African - American name took in 56 % .
A landlord ’s positive reply consisted of a follow up appointment to show off the property for lease or an indication that the place was available .
How A Name Affects Career Choices
Yet another study has struck fear in the hearts of would be parents .
It turns out that kids with gender specific names become discouraged from certain educational interests thus affecting their long term course of study .
What this means is that if you are named a girly sounding name , you end up avoiding math and the sciences .
Sounds weird but true !
Girls who are given very feminine names , such as Anna , Emma or Elizabeth , are less likely to study maths or physics after the age of 16 , a remarkable study has found .
The effect is so strong that parents can set twin daughters off on completely different career paths simply by calling them Isabella and Alex , names at either end of the spectrum .
A study of 1,000 pairs of sisters in the US found that Alex was twice as likely as her twin to take maths or science at a higher level .
Why would this happen ?
The explanation given is that like it or not , people have expectations of others based on their name .
These expectations affect one ’s self - image and cause typecasting .
I guess a feminine person is not supposed to be studying math or physics .
This typecasting also works with ugly sounding names or those names identified with lower class or status .
Those with lower class names ( spelled in an unusual way or with punctuations ) would average 3 to 5 percent lower than others with conventional names .
Again , this was caused by imposed expectations .
From the study , it was scary to hear that teachers who first saw a class roster admitted that they could n’t help but form impressions of the children because of their names , before they all met .
Bottom line : I ’m being somewhat tongue - in - cheek here , but think twice before naming your kids something bizarre , different , unique or even ethnic .
The world is cruel and there are unfair consequences to doing something as commendable as honoring your forefathers with authentic names granted to future generations of your family line .
Also , that immediate profit you can get by offering to name your kid GoldenPalaceDotCom is not worth their future .
No matter how tempting it is , do n’t do it !
In Conclusion : Forget Stan , Candy or Adolf
I agree with something I read , that “ names are powerful indicators of who we are . ”
Our name serves as the label to our identity , pointing to culture , religious affiliation , sex , social position , ethnic background , tribal affiliation and even age .
Even where I work , more than a few guys have changed their names because , they claim , it was easier to remember and pronounce .
What else is this but the first subtle step taken towards assimilation and the fulfillment of their American dream .
Because of this , I wonder if to give your kid an edge in life , that you should consider more conventional and ordinary names ?
Other Resources :
Copyright © 2007 The Digerati Life .
All Rights Reserved .
As part of our 10 year anniversary celebration , I 've decided to post a story here telling the tale of the transition from Chips & Dips to Slashdot back in 1997 .
For those of you who are new here ( cough ) , CnD was the precursor to Slashdot , hosted on my personal homepage on the CompSci cluster of Hope College .
Along with a number of random Linux related webpages , themes for window managers , random bits of code I wrote , this page was read by a great number of folks , mostly from the IRC scene .
Hit the link below to read the tale of its transformation into an Internet superstar ( and maybe later I 'll write the the sequel where I talk of the transformation into sellout mega corporate evil and eventually irrelevant blemish on the history of the net ;)
And do n't forget to check for a Slashdot 10 year anniversary party in your area .
In the summer of 1997 I was contacted by a stranger out of the blue with a kind of random offer .
During the previous school year Nate Oostendorp ( who now works with SourceForge , Inc. while working on his Masters ) had coded a Space Invaders clone .
He wrote a Java sprite library , and I wrote the game and illustrated the alien armada .
This guy had an old DEC Alpha Multia 166 , and a client that wanted to remake the game with popcorn instead of aliens .
So I drew the popcorn up , replaced the gifs , and he mailed me my first non x86 box since the 286 I got in middle school .
( Later Sun sent me legal threats forcing me to take the game offline since it was called Java Invaders , and clearly this was an evil crime against the universe .
My hatred for Java has never died since that moment . )
I immediately installed Red Hat on it .
I was working at an ad agency called The Image Group at the time as a webmaster .
I coded whatever needed doing and handled various admin tasks to keep their clients happy .
At the time they needed full control over email addresses on the domains they built .
Since they shared their mailserver with their ISP , there were frequent name collisions -- if the client wanted bob@theirdomain.com but there already was a bob on the system , they could n't do it .
They agreed to let me move my little Alpha onto their network to host their email ... and I could use it to fart around with on my personal hobbies .
I named the box Ariel .
It sat under my desk .
I learned enough Perl to write a stupid simple CMS to replace the functionality of Chips & Dips , which up until that point was just a text file .
Dave DeMaagd wrote a simple comment system .
Since we both had a long history with BBSes , it seemed obvious to us that there needed to be a discussion system .
There were no user accounts -- you entered whatever name you wanted each time you posted .
If you left it blank , it auto - filled the space with the name ' Anonymous Coward ' , a title that stuck and spread throughout the net .
The original system was written in Perl because I wanted to learn more Perl .
All the data storage was flat text files .
( We lost most of the original stories during a data import a year or so later )
The files were named like 0000001. shtml and so forth and were all rendered at time of page request .
Best of all , since the system was written as a CGI , the whole script needed to be compiled every time there was a page request .
It was months before I ported the whole thing to use MySQL and mod_Perl .
I registered the domain name Slashdot.org as a joke .
It was ' org ' because I did n't want a .com -- those were so common .
I always thought org would be cooler , and besides , I had no commercial plans in mind .
( Years later this bit me on the ass since someone else registered the .com .
Doh !)
The URL was meant to be unpronounceable by anyone -- a joke ultimately that has backfired on me countless times when I 'm called and asked what the URL is to the damn thing .
Jeff ' Hemos ' Bates ( now a VP of something or other with SourceForge , Inc. ) was in the living room when I was registering the domain name .
We all wanted email addresses with a unique domain name that was n't attached to our school , so he chipped in on the registration fee .
When it came time to design the website 's look , I took elements from a theme we had designed at The Image Group -- Paul Hart and I spent hours on it -- that was supposed to be the new website for the company , but it was passed on for another look .
I still liked it , so I redesigned it more to my personal aesthetics ( choosing # 006666 as the dominant green replacing an earth tone green ) and putting drop shadows all over everything ( a habit I still have n't broken , and for which I am still mocked ) .
Within days , most of the design elements you see on Slashdot were in place ... the curves , the greens , the polls , the vertical list of stories so common in 2007 , and , of course , discussions on each story .
And Slashdot was born .
At first it had just a few thousand daily readers migrating over from Chips & Dips , but in a matter of weeks it had grown so fast that we started really having fun with it .
One night we put up a poll asking how many shots Kurt ' The Pope ' DeMaagd should drink .
( Kurt later became our defacto HR man when we formed Blockstackers ... today he is a professor at MSU . )
But that night , Slashdot readers told him to take a dozen shots of alcohol -- he failed , but he tried .
I remember around the same time just watching ' tail - f ' on the access_log .
My world was rocked over and over again as I watched the domain names ... mit.com ! ibm.com ! redhat.com !
Hell , even microsoft.com kept scrolling through the log .
I knew we had something ... people from around the world , from the highest institutions in the land , from the biggest companies in the tech sector and to the most influential in the Linux world were all reading Slashdot .
In fact , they were posting comments ... as were a lot of people .
It became commonplace to see hundreds of comments on stories , and the so - called ' Slashdot Effect ' slowly grew into our lexicon as site after site buckled under our links .
In those days the content was a lot more personal then it is today .
Stories would frequently refer to alcohol - related activities .
I 'd constantly mention that I had to leave to go to class so there would n't be more stories posted for a few hours .
And when a professor in my pottery class assigned homework of to mass produce and sell some pottery as a lesson in being a commercial artist , I posted it , and ended up getting over 100 requests to buy my shitty mugs ( all glazed teal ;)
In the end I never did sell them -- I fulfilled the assignment locally .
I think I still have one of those mugs left but I 'm not sure - over the years my mediocre ceramics have been filtered out of a home increasingly tastefully decorated by my wife .
I continued to go to class and work my part time job .
Ariel soon had loads so great that the machine was unusable during the day .
And occasionally I would accidentally kick it and knock out a cable , bringing the machine offline .
Soon after it saturated the office T1 , I started realizing that there was no way I was going to be able to do this as " Just " a hobby .
Essentially , every second of my life was consumed without time for a break .
I 'd go to class -- and often just work on Slashdot in the back row .
( This was the first year we had computers at our desks in the CS dept at Hope . )
My classwork suffered .
On the upside , I became far more proficient at webwork , which really helped the part time job .
I 'd go home and code , post stories , reply to email until 2 - 3 a.m. and repeat it the next day .
It was going to eventually be a full time job , requiring revenue and infrastructure that did n't exist back then .
But I guess that 's another story .
By Jonah Fisher
Former BBC Khartoum correspondent
President al - Bashir had been under huge pressure to intervene
Just over a week ago it was hard to imagine how the international reputation of the Sudanese government could sink any lower .
Accused of sponsoring the killing and rape of hundreds of thousands of its own people in Darfur and then of blocking the peacekeepers who might protect them - barely a week passed without a threat of sanctions or a new UN resolution .
But thanks to the Gillian Gibbons saga , Sudan has managed to transform its public image from pariah state to something approaching a laughing stock .
If Khartoum was hoping to turn the teddy bear into a rallying point for Muslims across the Middle East it was quickly disappointed .
Condemnation of the British teacher 's detention came in from around the world and from all religions - leaving the government looking for an escape strategy .
' Powerless limb '
The carefully stage - managed pardoning of Mrs Gibbons by Sudan 's President Omar al - Bashir will have satisfied few within his divided government .
Gillian Gibbons was teaching at a school in Khartoum
Teacher 's statement
Moderates who want better relations with the West will want to know why Sudan 's president did not intervene sooner .
Sudan 's foreign ministry has been shown to be an open but ultimately powerless limb of the administration .
Sudanese officials reassured British diplomats that the case would be dismissed right up to the moment that Mrs Gibbons was sentenced to 15 days in detention .
That disconnect is an experience shared by UN officials who spent months negotiating with Sudanese diplomats the arrival of a new peacekeeping force for Darfur .
Those talks have since been shown to count for little .
Security agencies have impounded equipment , denied permission for night flights and refused to grant land for military bases .
Bloody nose
President al - Bashir is a military man , and Mrs Gibbons 's detention has shown clearly once again that power rests firmly with security forces and the interior and defence ministries .
TEDDY ROW TEACHER TIMELINE Sept : Gillian Gibbons 's class votes to name a teddy bear Muhammad 25 Nov :
She is arrested for allegedly insulting Islam 's Prophet 27 Nov : Gordon Brown says efforts are being made to release her 28 Nov : Mrs Gibbons is charged with insulting religion and inciting hatred 29 Nov : A Sudanese court finds her guilty of insulting Islam and sentences her to 15 days in prison and deportation 30 Nov : Angry protesters in Khartoum demand a harsher sentence 1 Dec : Two British Muslim peers press Sudanese officials to pardon her 3 Dec : Mrs Gibbons is pardoned by Sudan 's president and freed from prison
In pictures : Teddy row
The men who lead these organs will not have minded the outcry in Britain .
For them the key international relationship is not with the West but the Far East and China .
Despite 10 years of sanctions and an ongoing war in Darfur , Sudan 's oil - fuelled economy is currently growing at one of the fastest rates in Africa .
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown 's combative advocacy on Darfur may well have contributed to Mrs Gibbons 's continued detention .
Mr Brown trumpeted his role in forcing through UN approval for a new peacekeeping mission and has infuriated Khartoum by regularly threatening further sanctions .
The arrest of Mrs Gibbons must have seemed like an easy opportunity to give their former colonial masters a bloody nose .
In practice , it appears to be the Sudanese president who has been left with a red face .
On Lisp On Line
Paul Graham 's
On Lisp , always in high demand and yet tragically out of print for some time , is now online .
Not that I need it , since I have the real thing .
Suckers .
Hm .
That there is a fine chair .
Posted by jjwiseman at February 02 , 2002 01:42 AM
A few years ago , everything about my life was a mess .
Then , I learned a few habits that got me completely organized .
Am I perfect ?
Of course not and I do n’t aim to be .
However , I know where everything is and I know what I need to do today .
Most of the time , I do n’t forget things and my house is uncluttered and relatively clean .
Well , as clean as you can get when you have toddlers and big kids running around .
So , what ’s the secret ?
In truth , there are n’t any secrets .
There are simple habits that you can develop over time that will get you to where you want to be .
These are habits that you can apply to your work , home , kids , hobbies , and your life .
Instead of giving you specifics for how to organize something specific , like your desk or your closet , I provide principles that you can use over and over in every situation .
Are these obvious principles ?
Sure , if you stop to think about them .
You ’ve read them in various other places , but you might not be applying them to your daily life .
That ’s where the problem lies .
I ’m just providing you with a step - by - step guide to what actually works , based on my experience and that of others .
If your life is a mess , like mine was , I do n’t recommend trying to get organized all in one shot .
It ’s overwhelming .
Instead , start with the first habit and work your way down .
Do it one step at a time .
Work on a habit for a month or so and then , you can move on to the next one .
You can adopt two or three if you think you can handle it , but do n’t do them all at once .
I also recommend you set aside some time each day ( 30 or 60 minutes ) for organizing .
Then , you might need 10 minutes a day , just to keep things running smoothly .
Every now and then , you might need to have a purge session ( every 6 months or so ) to get rid of accumulated buildup .
So , here are the 7 habits :
Reduce before organizing
The mistake most people make when trying to organize is that they have a lot of things to organize and that ’s too complicated .
If you have a closet crammed full of stuff , you can buy a bunch of closet organizers .
However , in the end , you ’ll still have a closet crammed full of stuff .
Same thing with time management .
You can organize a packed schedule , but it ’ll still be crammed full of tasks .
The solution ?
Reduce , eliminate , and simplify .
If you take your closet full of 100 things and throw out all but the 10 things you love and use , now you do n’t need a fancy closet organizer .
Same thing with time management .
If you have 20 things to do today and reduce it to just the three most important tasks , you do n’t need a schedule anymore .
Take everything out of your closet of your schedule .
Clean it out and only put back those items you truly love and really use on a regular basis .
This will leave you with a pile of other stuff .
You can get rid of it by tossing , donating , selling or giving it to somebody who will love it .
If you ca n’t bear to part with some of the stuff , put it in a “ maybe ” box and store it in your attic or basement .
Label it with a description and date .
Six months later , when you have n’t needed any of it , toss it .
Write down notes
Our minds are wonderful things , but they leak like a sieve .
We do n’t remember things when we need to remember them and they continually come up when we do n’t need them .
Instead of using your mind as storage for things you need to remember , write them down .
I carry a small pocket notebook wherever I go and write things down immediately .
Then , I process the ideas and tasks later into my calendar or to - do list so I do n’t forget .
Have one inbox and process
Well , actually you need two inboxes – one for home and one for work .
Many people have many more than that .
Despite that , paper comes to their desk and lands in a number of places .
Phone messages get placed everywhere .
Notes to self are posted all over the place .
Instead , have one inbox and put all incoming stuff in there .
Then , once a day or once a week , process the inbox to empty it .
Take an item out of your inbox and decide what to do with it right away .
You can toss it , delegate it , file it , put it on your to - do list or do it now .
Do the same thing to the next item until your inbox is empty .
Do n’t defer these decisions for later .
A place for everything
Related to the above tip is to have a place for each item in your life .
Where do your car keys go ?
You should have one place for them so that you ’ll never lose them again .
Where do your pens go ?
How about your magazines ?
I teach my kids to find a “ home ” for every toy or other item in their rooms .
That ’s a concept that works for us grown - ups , too .
Each item should have a home and if it does n’t , we need to designate one .
Labels can help you remember where those homes are .
Now , if you find something on your table or on your bed , you ’d know that it does n’t belong there .
Find its home and do n’t just toss something anywhere .
The same concept applies to information .
Do you have one place where you put all your information ?
If not , try a personal wiki .
It ’s accessible from work and home .
You can create pages for each type of information in your life , such as your schedule , goals , to - dos , movies to watch , books to read , notes on projects , etc .
Put it away now
Most people have a habit of putting something on a table or counter top with the intention of “ putting it away later ” .
Well , this is how things get messy and disorganized .
Instead , put it away now in its home .
It only takes a few seconds and this one habit will save you a lot of cleaning , sorting , and organizing later .
When you find yourself putting something down , catch yourself , and force yourself to put it away now .
After a little while , it will become second nature .
Clean as you go
This habit is effective because it ’s much easier to clean things as you move through your day than to let them pile up .
If you ’re cooking , try to wash your dishes as you use them .
Wipe the counter instead of leaving a huge mess .
Same principle applies to everything we do .
If it ’s easier to do it in smaller increments , we are more likely to do it .
If there is a huge mess to clean , we are more likely to be intimidated or overwhelmed by it and leave it for later .
See Also : 9 Foolproof Ways On How To Maintain A Clean House
Develop routines and systems
If you ’ve gotten everything uncluttered and organized , you might sit back and enjoy the pleasantness of it .
Being organized and having a simplified working environment or home is tremendously satisfying .
But the problem is that after a little while , things tend to start to get disorganized and cluttered again .
Things tend to gravitate towards chaos .
The solution ?
You need to develop systems to keep your organization in place .
For example , the inbox processing mentioned above should be a system .
You should have specific procedures for processing all incoming papers and have a routine for doing it .
All systems follow the same guidelines .
Specific procedures and a routine that is done at a set interval ( three times a day , once a day , once a week , once a month , etc. ) .
It ’s important that you identify the systems you have in your life and write them out so that you can make them efficient , simple , and organized .
Develop systems for dealing with paperwork and mail , the kids ’ schedules , errands , chores , exercise , and everything else .
Once those systems are in place , you need to be vigilant about keeping them going and then , things will stay organized .
Written by Leo Babauta .
He offers advice on living life productively simple at his famous Zen Habits blog .
The president has challenged a federal ban on torture , a request for data on the administration of the USA Patriot Act and numerous other assertions of congressional power .
As recently as December , Bush asserted the authority to open U.S. mail without judicial warrants in a signing statement attached to a postal reform bill .
I thought he already had that last power under the PATRIOT Act , but I guess I could be mistaken ...
More examples :
Congress directed U.S. Customs and Border Protection to relocate its checkpoints around Tucson every seven days to improve efforts to combat illegal immigration .
But the agency took the law as an " advisory provision " that was " not always consistent with CBP 's mission requirements . "
Instead , the agency periodically shut down its checkpoints for short periods of time , believing that would comply with congressional demands .
Frustrated by the Pentagon 's broad budget submissions for the " global war on terrorism , " Congress demanded in its 2006 military spending law that the Defense Department break down its 2007 budget request to show the detailed costs of global military operations , such as the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
The department ignored the order .
The Federal Emergency Management Agency also ignored Congress 's demand that it submit an expenditure plan for housing assistance and alternatives to the approaches that failed after Hurricane Katrina .
FEMA told the GAO that it does not normally produce such plans .
So , those meddling democrats decided to investigate .
In appropriations acts for fiscal 2006 , [ Government Accountability Office ] investigators found 160 separate provisions that Bush had objected to in signing statements .
They then chose 19 to follow .
Of those 19 provisions , six -- nearly a third -- were not carried out according to law .
Ten were executed by the executive branch .
On three others , conditions did not require an executive branch response .
The GAO investigated 19 of 160 laws , and even out of those 19 , 6 of them were n't followed correctly , and 3 did n't require Bush to do anything .
So , if this sample is representative , Bush is only actually executing about 50 % of these laws he is supposed to be bound by , and breaking about 30 % of them .
The line that made me write this diary , however , was this line near the end :
the GAO report suggests that the dispute over signing statements is not an academic one , [ Bruce Fein , a conservative constitutional lawyer who served on an American Bar Association task force that excoriated the president 's use of signing statements in a report last year ] said , adding that Congress could use the report to take collective legal action against the White House .
We have a conservative lawyer quoted in a paper that leans more to the right every day , saying that congress could take legal action against the White House .
Sounds like impeachment to me .
It 's obvious we have the public support for impeachment ... why have n't we started yet ?
What are we waiting for ?
Rielle Hunter Pregnant by John Edwards - Say
What ?
, Democratic political candidate has found himself immersed in a nasty rumor that is running rampant on the Internet .
Various sources are reporting thathas been involved with the Senator and is pregnant with his child .
She has had some legitimate involvement with the candidate , which would seem to lend at least a small bit of credibility to the claims .
It seems that Rielle Hunter , apparently also known as Lisa Druck , produced some films for Edwards OneAmerica prepresidential campaign .
The Edwards camp is presently fighting a huge firestorm .
It should be interesting to see how this plays out .
A new Scheme on the Block
quality
Native Compilation
Incremental Compilation
incremental
eval
eval
eval
eval
Optimizing Compiler
... there is a fine line between “ optimization ” and “ not being stupid . ”
-- R. Kent Dybvig
Modern generational garbage collector
R6RS Compliance
Congratulations to Abdulaziz Ghuloum with the release of his new Scheme compiler Ikarus Getting traction for a new Scheme implementation have never been easy due to the astonishingly number of existingimplementations .
It would however be surprised not to see Ikarus become one of the usual suspects .
The reason for this is not the rather large number of features Ikarus has for a first release , but rather that all the hard parts of a quality implementation already are present .
The work on the compiler has already produced three papers .
The first " An Incremental Approach to Compiler Construction " describes in 24 small steps how to implement a compiler capable of running environment - passing interpreter for core Scheme .
The idea is to a fully working compiler before and after each step .
This implies that the one must write the backend first .
At this years ICFP in Freiburg Aziz told me , that Ikarus in fact grew in this way .
The second is " Implicit phasing for R6RS libraries " by Abdulaziz Ghuloum , and R. Kent Dybvig describe the design and implementation of " The portable R6RS library and syntax - case system " .
The third " Generation - Friendly Eq Hash Tables " also by Ghuloum and Dybvig describe an implemention of eq hash tables were only objects that actually move during a collection is rehashed .
Ikarus is a native compiler , which means that it compiles directly to x86 machine code , more specifially the resulting code runs on Intel compatible processors supporting SSE2 extentions .
In order words it will run on any reasonable new computer .
The native compilation niche Ikarus joins , includes Chez Scheme , Larceny , and MIT / GNU Scheme .
The drawback of native compilation have so far been that more than one backend were needed to support both PCs and Macs .
After Apple switched to Intel processors that problem ( for the time being at least ) has gone .
Ikarus supports the big three : Windows , OS X , and Linux .
Ikarus is ancompiler .
This means that programs at runtime can use the compiler to compile ( an link and run ) programs " on - the - fly " without using any external tools .
I 'll leave it to the curious , to find the intel assembler in the Ikarus source .
A pleasant side - effect of using an incremental compiler is thatcan use the compiler , which means that there are good chances thatwill be both efficient and give results consistent with normal compilation .
For non-incremental compilers such as the compile - to - C variety , is often implementation via a compile - to - closures approach , which introduces an extra source of bugs .
Not that I ever use ... So what exactly does it mean that Ikarus is an optimizing compiler ?
For one it means that the code produced in value - , boolean - and effect - contexts are different .
See the paper " Destination - Driven Code Generation " byR. Kent Dybvig , Robert Hieb , Tom Butler .
Machine registers are used to hold function call arguments and local variables .
Mapping variables to machine registers in a optimal way is unfortunately a NP - hard problem , but nevertheless efficient algorithms exists that work well in practise .
Ikarus uses a version of Chaitin 's graph - coloring algorithm .
Needless to say , Ikarus also does constant folding .
As far as I can tell , control flow analysis based optimizations are yet to come .
The generational garbage collector was inspired by the paper : Do n't Stop the BIBOP : Flexible and Efficient Storage Management for Dynamically - Typed Languages by R. Kent Dybvig , David Eby , and Carl Bruggeman .
The immediate goal for Ikarus to become 100 % R6RS compliant .
Rapid progress is made to achieve this goal , and as far I can tell , there no potential show - stoppers ahead - it is " just " a matter of implementing " more of the same " .
Opinions of R6RS are many , but R6RS compliance means at least two things : a decent module system and documentation for free .
By Stephen Leahy
Oct 4 ( IPS ) –
The hot breath of global warming has now touched some of the coldest northern regions of world , turning the frozen landscape into mush as temperatures soar 15 degrees C. above normal .
Entire hillsides , sometimes more than a kilometre long , simply let go and slid like a vast green carpet into valleys and rivers on Melville Island in Canada ’s northwest Arctic region of Nunavut this summer , says Scott Lamoureux of Queens University in Canada and leader of one the of International Polar Year projects .
“ The entire landscape is on the move , it was very difficult to find any slopes that were unaltered , ” said Lamoureux , who led a scientific expedition to the remote and uninhabited island .
The topography and ecology of Melville Island is rapidly being rearranged by climate change .
“ Every day it looked different , ” he told IPS .
“ This is a permanent change . ”
Normally Melville Island ’s 42,500 sq kms are locked in sea ice all year round , as it is part of the high region that has been relatively unaffected by the dramatic declines in Arctic sea ice over the past decade .
Until this year , that is .
This summer , southern parts of the island were free of sea ice , Lamoureux told IPS .
He has led expeditions to the island every year since 2003 .
On land at Mould Bay on the island ’s northwest side , his research team measured record - shattering temperatures of between 15 to 22 degrees C in July .
Until then , the normal July average temperature had been between 4 and 5 degrees C .
The extraordinary heat thawed the tundra permafrost — permanently frozen ground — to depths of more than a metre , he said .
At that depth , there is mostly ice and when it melts , it destabilises the thin , top layer of plants and soil that has patiently built up over thousands of years .
Enormous amounts of water and sediments are being discharged into rivers , lakes and oceans .
Studies are underway to determine the impact on birds , fish , musk oxen and other creatures that live there in the summer .
Given the extent of the changes , there is little doubt there will be significant ecological impacts , he said .
The record low level of sea ice in the entire Arctic Ocean will also change regional and even global weather patterns .
Much more snow will fall in the Arctic due to the increased moisture from the increased amounts of open water .
All that water is also dark and heat - absorbing instead of sunlight - reflecting ice , so the region gets warmer , melting more ice in what is a strong positive feedback loop .
Other parts of the Arctic region have already changed dramatically in the past 50 years .
“ There are trees and lawns in Nome ( Alaska ) now , ” said Patricia Cochran , chair of the Inuit Circumpolar Council .
For complete article , please see Entire Landscapes on the Move
Before I get into this story about our brothers and sisters one step below in the hierarchy of evolution , I would like to emphasize that we humans claim to be superior on the basis of one key thing ; our brainpower .
One would naturally assume that we humans , with our superior brainpower , would behave much better than these siblings under a given reward system ?
Storyline :
A group of scientists placed 5 monkeys in a cage , and in the middle , a ladder with bananas on the top .
Every time a monkey went up the ladder , the scientists soaked the rest of the monkeys with cold water .
After a while , every time a monkey went up the ladder , the others would beat him up .
After some time , no monkey dared to go up the ladder regardless of the temptation .
Scientists then decided to substitute one of the monkeys .
The first thing this new monkey did was to go up the ladder .
Immediately the other monkeys beat him up .
After several beatings , the new member learned not to climb the ladder - even though he never knew why !
After some time , a second monkey was substituted and the same thing happened .
The first monkey participated in beating up the second monkey .
A third monkey was changed and the same beating was repeated .
The fourth was substituted and the beating was repeated again .
Finally the fifth monkey was replaced .
What was left was a group of 5 monkeys that , even though they had never received a cold shower , continued to beat up any monkey who attempted to climb the ladder .
If it was possible to ask the monkeys why they would beat up all those who attempted to go up the ladder , I bet you the answer would be " I do n’t know - that ’s how things are done around here . "
Reflection :
Look around you , does it sounds familiar ?
Do n’t miss the opportunity to share this story with others , as they might be asking themselves why we continue to do what we are doing if there is a different way out there !
“ Only two things are infinite : The universe and human stupidity .
And I am not so sure about the former . ” - Albert Einstein
The original source of the article is unknown .
All due credit will be to him / her / it if identity is disclosed .
By Paul Rincon
Science reporter , BBC News
Only 5 - 10 % of systems host moons like ours
The Moon was created when an object as big as the planet Mars smacked into the Earth billions of years ago .
The impact hurled debris into orbit , some of which eventually consolidated to form our Moon .
The Astrophysical Journal reports that just 5 - 10 % of planetary systems in the Universe have moons created this way .
" When a moon forms from a violent collision , dust should be blasted everywhere , " said lead author Nadya Gorlova of the University of Florida in Gainesville , US .
" If there were lots of moons forming , we would have seen dust around lots of stars - but we did n't . "
Cosmic dust -up
Using Nasa 's Spitzer Space Telescope , Dr Gorlova and her colleagues searched for the dusty signs of similar collisions around 400 stars that were all about 30 million years old .
This is roughly the age our Sun was when the Moon was formed in a collision .
Collisions between rocky objects are key to planet formation
A planet is born
Astronomers think this process lasts between 10 and 50 million years after a star forms .
It is common to find dust swirling around stars at the young end of this range .
But by the time the Earth 's moon formed , when the Sun was 30 million years old , the planet formation process in our Solar System should have been approaching its end .
" We found about two to four [ dusty ] objects , but only one fits all the characteristics of a moon collision .
The dust is at the right temperature and at the right distance , " Dr Gorlova told BBC News .
' Rare event '
Taking account of the amount of time that dust should stay around , and the age range when collisions like this should occur , the team calculated that moons like our own should form in only 5 - 10 % of planetary systems .
Nasa 's Spitzer infrared telescope
More details
But Scott J Kenyon , from the Center for Astrophysics at Harvard University , who studies the formation and evolution of stars and planets , was cautious about drawing firm conclusions .
He told BBC News : " What we 're seeing in all of our discoveries is that the amount of debris that we see does n't fit in detail with the theory .
" We see the debris that we expect , but it does n't behave the way we 'd like it to .
We should see more debris among younger stars .
But at least for terrestrial bodies , we 're sometimes seeing more debris around older stars . "
Dr Kenyon cited a study by Joseph Rhee , from the University of California , Los Angeles , and colleagues which found two stars with ages of 100 million years and 400 million years that are orbited by warm dust particles .
Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
News of the world as it should be , perhaps before it happens .
Beer sales are falling
By Alexis Akwagyiram
BBC News
Beer sales in pubs are at their lowest level since the 1930s , say brewers .
But how has this happened ?
The humble pint used to be the backbone of the local pub , it was what they were all about .
But seven million fewer pints per day are now being sold in Britain than in 1979 - the beer market 's peak .
It 's a drop of 22 % .
But why is it happening ?
The Magazine asks experts for their views .
HEALTH
Beer has an image problem and there is a " common misconception " that it is less healthy than other alcoholic drinks , says Adam Withrington , drinks editor of the Publican magazine .
It 's what he refers to as the " beer - belly notion " .
People assume that drinking pints will lead to weight gain , making the drink less appealing at a time when people are increasingly health conscious .
But beer is about 96 % water and made up of natural ingredients , unlike many other alternatives , says Mr Withrington .
When comparing it to other alcoholic drinks , it 's wrong to label it as unhealthy .
It 's a view which is echoed by Dr Martin Bobak , an epidemiologist at University College London .
He conducted a study of 2,300 drinkers in the Czech Republic , where beer is the tipple of choice , and found they put on almost no more weight around the abdomen than non-drinkers .
Is this the end of the humble pint ?
Dr Bobak agrees that beer has an image problem , an issue he says is essentially a lifestyle argument .
In the West , the better educated someone is , the less obese they are likely to be .
Lower educated people tend to drink more beer while the higher educated tend to drink more wine , he says .
" People from higher socio- economic groups are more likely to be wine drinkers , so they are more likely to appear to be healthier , whereas people in lower groups are more likely to drink beer . "
The fact that less educated people are more likely to be obese is largely related to diet and that they are less likely to exercise regularly .
Beer appears to be less fattening than wine , according to the British Beer and Pub Association .
A glass of beer with a typical 4.6 % alcoholic volume has fewer calories not only than a similar measure of wine , but also milk or fruit juice , it says .
Spirits , meanwhile , contain more than six times the calories of beer and when mixed with a soft drink , the calorie - count soars even higher .
FOOD
The reputation of pub grub has been transformed in recent years .
The rise of the gastro pub has resulted in an increasing number of drinking establishments considering themselves as much a restaurant as a place to get a pint .
While our stomachs are the winners , the traditional pint is not as most people drink wine with their meal .
There is no straight answer as to when and why emphasis shifted towards food , but experts say it goes hand in hand with slumping beer sales .
Pub food has moved on " It 's a bit of a chicken and egg thing as to what came first but as beer sales have declined publicans have had to look elsewhere to make up for the drop in revenue , " says Mr Withrington .
" In the 1990s they started to realise food was where the money was . "
The Michelin Guide now lists pubs with good food and talented chefs are choosing to run a pub kitchen rather than one in a restaurant .
Drinking is no longer the main reason people go to the pub .
" There are no pubs any more , they are restaurants with bars , " Paula Greenway from Surrey told the BBC .
WOMEN
There was a time when the pub was not considered the " proper " place for a women to be seen - or a place she wanted to be .
But times have changed , women are now earning more than ever before and publicans want them to spend that cash in their establishment .
As a result many pubs have been made more " female - friendly " .
Gone is the flock wallpaper in favour of more stylish decor , even fresh flowers on the bar in some cases .
But while the pub industry has managed to get more women through the doors , it 's not beer that they 're drinking .
Industry figures show 36 % of women in pubs drink wine but only 14 % drink lager .
Pubs are more ' female - friendly '
This is mainly down to cultural reasons , says the British Dietetic Association .
There is no difference between men and women when to comes to taste detection , but there is when it comes to what they prefer to drink .
" One thing is a physiological thing and the other is a cultural thing , " says a spokeswoman .
" What you prefer to drink comes down to what you have grown up drinking .
There are clear cultural and psychological patterns when it comes to what we order down the pub . "
In short beer has an image problem and is seen as a drink for men .
Attempts have been made to repackage it for women , like the introduction of smaller glass sizes , with little success .
The increase in female trade has also had an impact on what men drink , says Mr Withrington .
If a couple go to the pub for a night and the woman wants wine they are quite likely to get a bottle to share .
CULTURAL CHANGES
Generational shifts in the way people work and socialise mean they are less likely to drink beer .
The decline of manual labour in the UK is the " key point " in the decline of beer sales over the last 40 years , according to Mr Withrington .
" When we had a major industrial culture manual workers came out of factories and mines to drink eight pints , to replenish fluids and socialise .
That culture died , which meant publicans lost customers who drank large amounts every night , " he says .
He also highlights changing social habits , such as the drink driving campaign of the 1980s which made this practice " socially unacceptable " for drinkers .
Changing social habits have hit beer sales " In the 60s and 70s people were driving to the pub , drinking and driving home , but people are n't doing that anymore , " he says .
" That 's had a big impact , particularly in country pubs which you need a car to reach .
" In the past going to the pub for a beer was a nice way to catch up with your mates .
Now drink is cheaper in supermarkets and people have satellite TV , so staying in is more fun than it used to be . "
Meanwhile , the rise in club culture in recent decades appears to have made the use of recreational drugs - such as ecstasy and cocaine - more widespread among young people .
This trend has seen some young people eschew the pub altogether , while those who go often drink non-alcoholic drinks .
Earlier this year the UK Drug Policy Commission ( UKDPC ) - set up to analyse drug policy in the UK - said about a quarter of people in the 26 - to - 30 age group had tried a Class A drug on at least one occasion .
The value of the illegal drugs market in the UK is put at £ 5 bn a year and , in a report , the body stated : " Prices of the principal drugs in Britain have declined for most of the last 10 years . "
While taking Class A drugs are still largely associated with the under - 25 age group , it is rising most swiftly among the next age group up .
One theory is that people who grew up in the rave culture of the late 1980s and early 1990s have continued to use drugs .
FASHION
The increasing amount of choice available to drinkers has played a large part in falling beer sales in pubs , with a heightened sense of adventure and the pursuit of the next fashionable drink informing many people 's habits .
For example , the amount of wine drunk in pubs since 1979 has increased six - fold , as the quality and range available has improved .
Phil Tate , research manager at licensed trade research consultancy CGA Strategy , says the main spirits categories - such as vodka , gin and rum - are all " enjoying growth " because " spirit categories appeal to the younger audience " .
According to trends identified by CGA , vodka is increasingly popular primarily at the expense of alcopops , but also beer .
Meanwhile , cider has taken sales from standard lager , in both male and female drinkers in the last year .
Certain drinks are seen as ' fashionable '
" Packaged cider volume has increased 31 % in the last 12 months , " says Mr Tate .
" The research also points to trends which suggest people are moving away from mainstream cider brands , such as Magners , towards more niche brands , " he adds .
But the increase in choice has also led to a wider variety of beers , which has seen the UK 's real ale scene flourish in recent years .
" The major trend is premiumisation , " says Mr Tate .
" Although overall volumes are down , new categories such as the world lager categories and premium 4 % lager brands are enjoying volume growth . "
Some of the most successful new beers in recent years are those from Poland .
Tesco sales of Tyskie , Lech and Zywiec grew by 250 % in six months this year .
It 's not good news for the humble pint .
Here is a selection of your comments .
There are no ' pubs ' any more .
They are restaurants with bars .
You used to be able to nip in the local after work , have a quiet pint , chat to a neighbour .
They were ' havens ' .
No kids screaming and shouting and throwing their bread rolls all over the place , as now .
It should be an adult place .
I love children , but they should n't be in a pub .
A pub should feel comfortable , home from home for adults , but I can't smoke , ca n't sit at the bar , can't wear work clothes and have to watch my drink in case kids bang into the table , I might just as well go home , which is what I and many other people are doing .
It 's not the cost , It 's the no ' pub ' to go to .
Paula Greenway , Sutton , Surrey
The reason I rarely drink in a pub now is less to do with the price of beer but much more to do with the unpleasantly loud music that blares out in almost every pub on the highstreet .
If pubs would lower the volume I think they might find 30 and 40 somethings would return .
Rachael Hamblin , Carlisle
The biggest killer of the pubs was the smoking ban .
Yeah , it works in america and various other places , but it 's been around 2.5 degrees outside this week , when did they last have that in California ?
Gumbo Briggs , Sheffield , UK Premium lagers are available in the supermarkets at an equivalent 70 p a pint , less than a quarter of the pub price here in Oxfordshire , enough said ?
Calum Ferguson , Abingdon Pubs have changed from being social to profit making establishments where it has all backfired .
Modernisation is not working , since my local pub changed from the traditional 20 years ago , every owner has struggled and gone under .
The no smoking ban has not helped at all , I have many friends who smoke and they all visit pubs less now .
The prices of drinks are far too excessive , they cannot compete with supermarkets , why go to a pub when you can have lots of friends round drinking cheaply and having a cigarette whenever they want one ?
No trouble from binge drinkers or crackpot doormen .
No contest is there ?
Mark Elmy , Lowestoft Suffolk
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
SHE 's one of the only women on Earth who actually looks good in skinny jeans .
Now Sienna
Miller is taking her love affair with denim even further by designing her own exclusive range .
The actress , famed for her boho chic , has signed a multi-million - pound deal with trendy label Pepe to produce a unique line .
If everything goes to plan , the jeans should be unveiled next season .
Sienna , 24 , whose romance with Jude Law has been on and off more times than Prezza 's trousers , is following in the footsteps of Victoria Beckham , whose range of jeans for Rock and Republic proved to be a best seller .
A fashion insider tells us : " Sienna has become a style icon in such a short space of time .
" She 's been on the cover of Vogue , everyone knows who she is and this is the perfect time to do something like this .
The jeans will be her own unique designs and the fact that she can model the clothes herself makes the whole project even more exciting .
" Even though she is ultra-skinny , her jeans will be made to flatter most sizes .
The hope is she 'll do for Pepe what Victoria Beckham has done for Rock and Republic . "
This weekend Sienna who , as well as seeing Jude , has been stepping out with DKNY model Nico Malleville , is co-hosting a star - studded party with American Vogue editor Anna Wintour and Burberry designer Christopher Bailey to celebrate a new exhibition at New York 's Metropolitan Museum of Art .
The AngloMania bash is a celebration of London fashion over the past 30 years and will feature designs from the likes of Malcolm McLaren and Vivienne Westwood .
Says our nsider : " It 's the hottest ticket in town and it will really help establish Sienna . "
The starlet , who 's been filming Interview with Steve Buscemi , began working with Pepe Jeans after signing an exclusive deal to be the " face and body " of the brand in November .
Her contract apparently included a clause preventing her wearing anyone else 's jeans - but she was pictured in a magazine wearing a pair of rival LoFLi's .
Pepe insisted the photograph was an old one .
Let 's hope so ...
5 - Cow Rating | Top - Rated
This category of producers represents the “ gold standard ” in dairy production .
Producers in this top tier manage diverse , small - to - medium - scale family farms .
They emphasize well - managed pasture .
Pasture and other forage makes up the majority of their animals ’ feed .
Paradise Springs Farm Victor , ID ID , Web Sales 1740
SpringWood Organic Farm Kinzers , PA PA 1680
Pure Eire Dairy Othello , WA WA 1675
Berle Farm Hoosick , NY MA , NY , VT 1650
Radiance Dairy Fairfield , IA IA 1645
Pride and Joy Dairy Granger , WA WA , Web Sales 1645
Hawthorne Valley Farm Ghent , NY East 1630
Dutch Meadows Farm Paradise , PA PA 1625
Working Cows Dairy Slocomb , AL AL 1610
The Family Cow Chambersburg , PA PA , web sales 1595
Alpine Heritage Creamery Paradise , PA PA , FL , web sales 1590
Coonridge Organic Goat Dairy Pie Town , NM AZ , CO , NM 1580
Seven Stars Farm Phoenixville , PA East , Southeast , Midwest 1571
Lifeline Farm Victor , MT ID , MT , OR , WA , Web Sales 1540
Engelbert Farms Nichols , NY NY 1535
Meant To Be Natural Food Spring Valley , NY NY , NJ 1515
Misty Brook Farm Albion , ME Maine 1485
The Milkhouse Monmouth , ME Maine 1485
Chase Hill Farm Warwick , MA MA 1475
Camphill Village Kimberton Hills Dairy Kimberton , PA PA 1465
Butterworks Farm Westfield , VT VT , NH 1455
Sidehill Farm Hawley , MA New England and New York 1450
Alexandre Family Farms Crescent City , CA CA , OR , WA 1450
Thistle Hill Farm ( Tarentaise Cheese ) North Pomfret , VT Nationwide , VT 1445
Amaltheia Organic Dairy Bozeman , MT MT , Web Sales 1445
Tide Mill Creamery ( Tide Mill Organic Farm ) Edmunds , ME ME 1445
Strafford Organic Creamery Strafford , VT NH , VT 1440
4 - Cow Rating | Excellent Producers in this category provide ample pasture for their animals and make a credible effort to encourage natural behaviors .
These brands may get additional milk from outside sources ( that are also certified organic ) .
If multiple farms produce the milk for a brand , the management has close oversight and control over the practices of those farms .
Saint Benoit Creamery Petaluma , CA Nationwide 1435
Nature 's One Lewis Center , OH Nationwide 1420
Maple Hill Creamery Stuyvesant , NY Nationwide 1420
Trimona Yogurt Port Jefferson , NY TX , OR , NY , CA , IL , Northeast 1400
Rumiano Cheese Company Crescent City , CA Nationwide 1400
Grassmilk ( Organic Valley ) LaFarge , WI Nationwide 1390
Evans Farmhouse Creamery Norwich , NY NJ , NY 1385
Sunrise Family Farms Norwich , NY NJ , NY 1375
Naturi Pittsburgh , PA East , Southwest 1370
Oasis at Bird in Hand Ronks , PA PA 1360
Kimball Brook Farm ( Green Mountain Organic Creamery ) North Ferrisburgh , VT Northeast 1350
Natural By Nature ( Natural Dairy Products Corp. )
West Grove , PA Nationwide 1347
B'More Organic Baltimore , MD MD , NY , NJ , MA 1340
PCC Community Markets Seattle , WA WA 1335
Fresh Breeze Dairy Lynden , WA OR , WA 1330
Stonyfield Farms ( Lactalis ) Londonderry , NH Nationwide 1315
Organic Valley LaFarge , WI Nationwide 1310
Kalona SuperNatural ( Farmers Creamery ) Kalona , IA Nationwide 1305
Liberte ( General Mills ) Saint - Hubert , Quebec , Canada Nationwide 1305
Pure Indian Foods Princeton Junction , NJ Nationwide , Web Sales 1300
Sierra Nevada Cheese Company Willows , CA Nationwide 1285
Humboldt Creamery ( Foster Farms Dairy ) Fortuna , CA Nationwide 1280
Green Field Farms Fredericksburg , OH Nationwide 1237
Shaw Family Dairy ( New England Organic Creamery ) Dracut , MA MA 1225
Clover Sonoma Petaluma , CA AZ , CA , ID , NV , OR , WA , West 1215
Blue Marble Ice Cream Brooklyn , NY Nationwide 1185
Westby Cooperative Creamery Westby , WI Nationwide 1175
Helios Kefir ( Lifeway ) Morton Grove , IL Nationwide 1165
Cedar Grove Cheese Plain , WI CA , East , Midwest , Web Sales 1155
Good Culture Irvine , CA Nationwide 1145
Amish Country Farms Totowa , NJ Nationwide 1140
White Mountain Foods Austin , TX Nationwide 1130
Trader 's Point Creamery Zionsville , IN IN , IL , Midwest , Northeast , Mid Atlantic 1120
Smari Organics Petaluma , CA Nationwide 1120
Stonewall Farms Keene , NH NH 1100
3 - Cow Rating | Very Good
Three - cow rated brands failed to answer some or all of our questions about their practices , however they are considered likely to be highly rated ( 4 or 5 - cow ) had they done so .
Upstate Farms ( Upstate Niagara Coop . )
Buffalo , NY NY , PA 1070
Nature 's Touch ( Kwik Trip ) La Crosse , WI WI 1045
Steckler Grassfed Dale , IN IN , IL , Ky , MI 980
McCluskey Brothers at Shillelagh Glen Farms Hillpoint , WI ND , WI , Web Sales 950
Rogue Creamery Grants Pass , OR Nationwide 850
Straus Family Creamery Petaluma , CA OR , WA , CA , NV , AZ 795
Champlain Valley Dairy Middlebury , VT Northeast 790
2 - Cow Rating | Fair
These are either industrial - scale operations or others with outstanding questions or concerns regarding their compliance with USDA organic regulations .
One of the primary features that distinguishes these operations from the ethically deficient 1 - cow brands is their willingness to share with their customers ( and Cornucopia researchers ) some of the details as to how their milk is produced .
Verka San Jose , CA CA , Midwest 655
Wallaby ( Danone North America ) Denver , CO Nationwide 645
Alpenrose Portland , OR OR , WA 615
Sassy Cow Creamery Columbus , WI IL , WI 545
Earth 's Best ( Hain Celestial ) Lake Success , NY Nationwide 465
Byrne Dairy Lafayette , NY NY 425
Organic Family Farms Cooperative Twin Falls , ID Unknown 365
1 - Cow Rating | Poor Brands in this category are suspected of being , or sourcing from , what we would describe as " factory farms . "
These brands are better than conventional dairy , but are at the bottom of the ratings among organic brands .
Sky Top Farms Bronx , NY NY 340
Horizon Grassfed ( DanoneWave ) Boulder , CO Nationwide 340
Roth Organics ( Emmi Roth ) Monroe , WI Nationwide 260
Producers Dairy Fresno , CA California 165
Spring Hill Cheese ( Petaluma Creamery ) Petaluma , CA CA , Web Sales 135
Boulder Ice Cream Boulder , CO Nationwide 125
Green Mountain Creamery ( Lactalis ) Brattleboro , VT Nationwide 120
County Line Farms Earth , TX TX , KS , OK 115
Rockview Farms Downey , CA CA 105
Prairie Farms Edwardsville , IL Midwest , TX 75
Yoatz ( Facci Food Company ) Danville , CA Nationwide 60
Cowgirl Creamery ( Emmi Roth USA / Emmi Group ) Point Reyes Station , CA Nationwide 0
Harvest Farms ( Ingles Markets ) Black Mountain , NC AL , GA , NC , SC , TN 0
365 Organic ( Whole Foods ) Austin , TX Nationwide 0
Stremicks Heritage Foods Santa Ana , CA Midwest , West , HI 0
Wegmans Rochester , NY NY , PA , NJ , VA , MD 0
Glanbia Foods Twin Falls , ID Nationwide 0
Perry's Ice Cream Akron , NY NY , PA , OH , Northeast 0
Challenge Dairy Products California Nationwide 0
Bethel Creamery Bethel , NY Unknown 0
Voskos ( Sun Valley Dairy ) Sun Valley , CA GA , SC , TN , FL , AZ , AL , NC , CA , NV 0
Umpqua Dairy Roseburg , OR West 0
Smith Brothers Farms Kent , WA WA 0
Talenti ( Unilever ) Minneapolis , MN Nationwide 0
Pavel 's Yogurt San Leandro , CA Nationwide 0
Mama Sattva Chico , CA Nationwide 0
Samish Bay Cheese Farm Bow , WA WA 0
Cocoa Metro Auburndale , MA Nationwide 0
Clearly Organic ( Associated Wholesale Grocers ) Kansas City , KS Unknown 0
Wholesome Valley ( Galaxy Foods ) Orlando , FL Nationwide 0
Wild Harvest ( Albertson's ) Boise City , ID Nationwide 0
Nature 's Best ( KeHE ) Brea , CA Nationwide 0
Natural Directions ( Unified Grocers ) Tigard , OR Nationwide 0
Galbani ( Lactalis ) Buffalo , NY Nationwide 0
O Organics ( Safeway ) Pleasanton , CA Nationwide 0
Greenwise ( Publix ) Lakeland , FL Southeast 0
Trader Joe 's Monrovia , CA Nationwide 0
Fairway NY Northeast 0
Sprout 's Phoenix , AZ AZ , CA 0
Olympus Dairy Astoria , NY Nationwide 0
Shoprite Edison , NJ Nationwide 0
Western Family ( Topco ) Tigard , OR Nationwide 0
Simply Nature ( Aldi ) Batavia , IL Nationwide 0
Wellsley Farms ( BJ's Wholesale Club ) Westborough , MA OH , East 0
Stew Leonard 's Norwalt , CT CT , NY 0
Vermont Organics ( Perrigo Nutritionals ) Georgia , VT Nationwide , Web Sales 0
Great Value Food ( Walmart ) Bentonville , AR Nationwide 0
Honest Infant Formula ( Honest Company ) Santa Monica , CA Nationwide 0
Winn Dixie Organics ( Bi - Lo ) Jacksonville , FL Southeast 0
Double Rainbow San Francisco , CA Nationwide 0
Kirkland Signature ( Costco ) Seattle , WA Nationwide 0
Kemps ( Dairy Farmers of America ) St. Paul , MN Nationwide 0
Latta ( Latta USA ) Fair Lawn , NJ East , CA 0
Nature 's Place ( Hannaford ) Scarborough , ME Nationwide 0
MOM 's Organic Market Rockville , MD DC , MD , NJ , PA , VA 0
Dahlicious Organic Leominster , MA Nationwide 0
Similac ( Abbott Laboratories ) Abbott Park , IL Nationwide 0
Woodstock ( UNFI ) Providence , RI Nationwide 0
Nature 's Promise ( Giant Food / Ahold ) Carlisle , PA Nationwide , Web Sales 0
Santini Foods San Lorenzo , CA Nationwide 0
Simply Balanced ( Target ) Minneapolis , MN Nationwide 0
Cadia ( KeHE ) CA Nationwide 0
Full Circle ( Topco ) Elk Grove Village , IL Nationwide 0
New Seasons Market ( Good Food Holdings / E- Mart ) Portland , OR OR , WA 0
Roundy's Milwaukee , WI IL , WI 0
Friendly Farms ( Aldi ) Batavia , IL Nationwide 0
Hy Vee West Des Moines , IA Nationwide 0
HEB Organics ( HEB Grocery Company / Central Market ) San Antonio , Texas TX , KS , OK 0
Horizon ( DanoneWave ) Boulder , CO Nationwide 0
Applegate Farms ( Hormel ) NJ Nationwide 0
High Meadow ( Aurora Dairy ) Boulder , CO Nationwide 0
Hiland Dairy Springfield , Missouri Midwest 0
Farmland Fresh Newark , NJ Nationwide 0
Happy Family ( Groupe Danone ) New York , NY Nationwide 0
Harris Teeter Organics ( Kroger ) Matthews , NC Nationwide 0
Meijer Organics ( Meijer ) Grand Rapids , MI Midwest 0
Simple Truth ( Kroger ) Cincinnati , OH Nationwide 0
Shamrock Farms Phoenix , AZ Nationwide 0
Know the Opposition :
Keep America Beautiful : A History
In the aftermath of magazine ads promoting beverage cans as " throwaways " , Keep America Beautiful ( KAB ) was founded in 1953 by a group of businessmen from the beverage and packaging industries .
Their purported interest was to curb the growing problem of litter .
Coincidently , 1953 was the year Vermont passed the nation 's first bottle bill , banning the sale of beer in non-refillable bottles .
Litter was a visible problem nationwide and the bottlers and packagers were concerned that government would make them responsible for solving the litter problem by regulating their industries .
That concern was the catalyst for founding KAB .
The organization launched its first campaign theme , " Every Litter Bit Hurts " and the most visible environmental organizations joined KAB 's war on litter .
" People start pollution "
In the early 1970 's KAB mounted a splashy new campaign aimed at making individuals responsible for cleaning up litter that was a blight on parks , playgrounds , country roads and city landscapes .
The now legendary image of the Native American with a tear angling down his face caught the attention of the public , but many environmental organizations serving as advisors to KAB were offended by the " People Start Pollution , People Can Stop It " theme .
Environmentalists thought the theme implied that individuals were solely responsible for pollution .
Environmental organizations including the Sierra Club , National Audubon Society and National Wildlife Federation wanted KAB to join them in working for strategies such as bottle bills , that focused on preventing litter and making producers responsible for their packaging waste .
But the industry backers of the KAB strongly objected .
KAB publicly opposes bottle bills
In 1972 Oregon and Vermont enacted the nation 's first bottle bills requiring a 5 - cent deposit on beer and soft drink containers .
By 1974 , when the California legislature began to debate whether to enact a container deposit law , KAB made a strategic decision to publicly oppose the bottle bill .
Roger Powers , President of KAB testified against the California bottle bill before the state legislature in Sacramento .
Some Advisory Committee members saw this public opposition to bottle bills as an indication that KAB was serving its own interests and not those of the broader environmental community and as a result threatened to quit the advisory board .
In order to keep the environmentalists on board KAB , agreed that it would not take a position , either for or against deposit legislation .
As public support for bottle bills grew and aggressive bottle bill campaigns were waged in Maine and Michigan , the brewers needed an alternative response to litter , otherwise more states might soon adopt bottle bills .
In 1975 the U.S. Brewers Association ( USBA ) developed a sophisticated campaign called the " Clean Community System " ( CCS ) , which they touted as an alternative to bottle bills .
As the parent organization , KAB kicked off the new Clean Community Campaign at its annual meeting in 1975 .
In a memo several months later , the US Environmental Protection Agency's ( EPA ) Thomas Williams explained the underlying purpose of the CCS .
It is a public relations campaign , he wrote , used by the industry " in an attempt to focus the attention of hundreds of communities on anti-litter campaigns . . .
When successfully inaugurated , it tends to abort any local efforts to institute beverage container deposit systems , placing emphasis on street - cleaning and other litter control activities . "
The final blow to environmentalists was dealt during a speech at a July 1976 KAB Board of Directors meeting at the Biltmore Hotel in New York , when American Can Company chairman William F. May labeled bottle bill proponents " Communists " and called for a total KAB mobilization against the four bottle bill referenda on the ballot in November .
Present during the speech were KAB 's Advisory Committee members , many of whom were the subject of May 's attack .
The story was picked up by Jack Anderson and aired on his national television show .
On August 12 , 1976 , the EPA resigned from KAB 's board and by October 1976 more than a dozen environmental and citizen groups , including National Audubon Society , National Wildlife Federation , League of Women Voters and Sierra Club disaffiliated from KAB .
In November of that year voters approved bottle bills in Michigan and Maine .
KAB proposes ineffective bottle bill alternatives
Industry opponents of deposit legislation recognized that simply ' opposing ' legislation was not enough .
Since 1976 hundreds of CCS and similar KAB programs have been proposed in cities and counties across the U.S. as a direct alternative to local container deposit ordinances .
Funding , however , has strings attached , as one environmental group in New York discovered .
In New York City , the Environmental Action Coalition ( EAC ) received $ 350,000 in support over three years from Pepsi-Cola , the Can Manufacturers Institute and the Aluminum Association for anti-litter education .
EAC lost industry funding in 1975 when it endorsed the proposed New York bottle bill .
The most effective statewide strategy used to convince legislators that bottle bills are not needed has been litter taxes .
These alternatives generally involve a small annual tax on all manufacturers and retailers .
The taxes are then used to create a government agency that addresses litter issues .
Litter taxes were passed in Colorado , Kentucky , Arkansas , Connecticut , California , Ohio and Virginia as alternatives to bottle bill proposals .
Bob Warrick , farmer and President of the Nebraska chapter of the Sierra Club said of KAB 's programs , " I 'm tired of pumping money into front organizations whose goal is to educate and plant flowers .
My ditch is filled with cans and bottles .
Legislation mandating deposits would stop litter before it starts , but KAB never supported a bottle bill . "
Warwick 's disappointment echoes that of Newark 's Mayor , Sharpe James who said of the KAB program , " The Clean Communities alternative to a bottle bill offered by the industry in New Jersey has been a failure . "
With increased public interest in recycling and waste reduction in the 1980's , KAB 's emphasis shifted from litter cleanups to recycling .
KAB 's Clean Community
Systems grew to more than 400 local groups and its list of financial supporters expanded to include a broader range of manufacturing industries and companies in the waste disposal industry such as Waste Management , Inc and Browning Ferris .
In the 1990's , KAB adopted yet another campaign slogan - " Let 's not waste the 1990's " - which stressed the need to encourage citizens , municipal officials and civic leaders to " re-examine recycling 's capabilities and limitations . "
The new campaign presented a 5 - pronged solution to solving the problem of solid waste - source reduction , recycling , composting , incineration and sanitary landfilling .
KAB 's 1990 's slogan was new , but the message had changed little since Iron Eyes Cody warned that " People Start Pollution - People Can Stop It . "
The promotional materials made no mention of policies such as recycled content requirements , mandatory recycling rates , bottle bills or other measurers that shift the burden of waste management and waste reduction from government to the producers of waste .
KAB alienates other environmental groups
On April 5 , 1993 KAB hosted a nationwide videoconference " Recycling Realities : A National Town Meeting . "
In announcing the conference , KAB President Roger Powers said , " While recycling can be an important method of dealing with our waste in some communities ; it is not the only option .
In order to safely and effectively manage trash , the public must be informed of every alternative . "
Powers was of course referring to the waste management options of landfilling and incineration .
More than a dozen environmental and public interest groups , in a letter to KAB President Roger Powers , charged that the panel of waste experts addressing the videoconference was void of representation from the environmental community .
The groups wrote , " It is clear that the perspective of your corporate members will be effectively articulated by such panelists as Jane Witheridge of Waste Management , Inc. and Melinda Sweet of Lever Brothers Company .
We are dismayed that you have chosen to exclude advocates and experts on successful source reduction and recycling initiatives . "
Rick Hind , Executive Director of Greenpeace and one of the co-signers of the letter said , " KAB continues to put the blame for waste generation and the responsibility for waste management on the public sector , when the real polluters are the industries that manufacture , sell , bury and burn the waste . "
At least one local KAB organization broke ties with Keep America Beautiful as a result of the videoconference .
The board of directors of Arlingtonians for a Clean Environment ( ACE ) voted to disaffiliate with KAB after ACE director Steve Coffee attended KAB 's Recycling Realities Meeting in April 1993 .
Coffee was dismayed to find no environmental groups on the panel and turned off by what he believed was a deliberate effort on the part of KAB to avoid questions on deposit legislation .
When Powers was asked why no environmental groups were members of KAB , Powers said he had " no idea . "
" Our members are a good cross-section of the Fortune 500 corporations .
They are working on enlightened self - interest .
We are helping to educate 495 American communities on what the options are .
I do n't go hat in hand seeking out environmental groups . "
Eighteen months after the videoconference KAB funded a report titled " The Role of Recycling in Integrated Solid Waste Management to the Year 2000 " .
The $ 400,000 report concluded , among other things , that " recycling and composting as currently practiced have limits that will be reached in this decade . "
The study drew fire from recycling advocates and environmentalists who felt that it painted recycling in a negative light , focusing on the limits of curbside recycling and advocating alternative waste management technologies such as landfilling and incineration .
At KAB 's annual meeting in December 1994 , Mark Lichtenstein , President of the National Recycling Coalition ( NRC ) told KAB meeting attendees , " After reading the study and talking with many respected leaders in our industry , I find myself asking what exactly is the agenda of the KAB national office ?
I have to ask .
. . can the NRC count on the KAB national to help in our mutual war on waste ? "
In an article in Biocycle , Former President of NRC and Manager of Market Development for Weyerhaeuser Recycling , Pete Grogan , wrote , " I find myself questioning the agenda behind the study .
. .
The report reminds us that it is ' cheaper ' to send solid waste to the landfill .
Well , I can easily argue that tossing solid waste in the river is even cheaper . "
In the spring of 2000 , Keep Washington Beautiful ( KWB ) sponsored a cosmetic cleanup in Anacostia , a densely populated community in Washington , DC .
Volunteers biked and cleaned up trash at four predetermined sites .
The sites included two parks , an area along the Anacostia River and a mini dump that had grown up beside a short stretch of railroad track .
During the four - hour cleanup , volunteers working with members of the newly formed Keep Washington Beautiful -- a KAB clone -- culled tires , miscellaneous litter and lots of beverage containers from the four sites .
Beverage containers accounted for fifty per cent of the collected materials .
Keep Washington
Beautiful is one of the newest big -city KAB affiliates .
Like most other KAB affiliates , KWB grew out of industry opposition to a proposed bottle bill referendum .
>> Keep America Beautiful : A commentary >>
This article is part of Discover 's package on the health effects of 9/11 air pollution on the people in New York City .
Click here to read about the city and federal governments ' failure to protect ordinary citizens .
At an age when many of his peers are practicing their golf swings , 65 - year - old Philip Landrigan is smack dab in the middle of a crucially important health project :
He is the lead doctor researching the sometimes deadly health effects of living and working in lower Manhattan in the aftermath of the 9/11 terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center .
What 's more , he 's just getting started on an even bigger undertaking : the National Children 's Study , a landmark field investigation that will follow 100,000 American children from conception to age 21 .
Landrigan 's office is at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York , where he heads the Department of Community and Preventive Medicine .
Q : Your department is monitoring the health effects from the collapse of the World Trade Center .
When the towers collapsed , two million tons of dust containing cement , asbestos , glass , lead , and carcinogens rained down on lower Manhattan .
Yet less than a week later , the EPA said it was safe to go there and breathe the air .
Now we know that erroneous assessment may have put thousands of people at risk for serious chronic health problems , and even death .
A : [ EPADirector ]
Christine Todd Whitman 's statement that the air in Manhattan was safe to breathe was stupid and ill - considered because she was making a very strong assertion with almost no data .
I wondered how she could say this — it 's like a doctor telling a patient that the patient is healthy before he 's done any tests .
At that point , only minimal air sampling had been done because all the air monitors had been destroyed .
And most of the early sampling was focused on asbestos because we thought that asbestos was the big hazard .
It took a few weeks before we realized that it was the complex mix of chemicals and dust that was the hazard — asbestos was just part of the puzzle — especially the pulverized concrete , which was extremely alkaline .
Like breathing Drano .
Unfortunately , that 's true .
And the concentrations of dust in the air were so high that they overwhelmed all the normal defenses of the human respiratory tract , and people inhaled ounces of dust into their trachea or their bronchi .
Did you have any inkling about what was going to happen ?
Not immediately because it took time for that recognition to evolve .
It was about one to two months later that we began to see a few people with a persistent cough in our occupational medicine center here at Mt. Sinai , which is the biggest in the region .
And another symptom that did n't get as much attention was extraordinary inflammation of their upper airways , and nasal sinuses , which was very painful .
These observations started accumulating through the fall and winter , and by the spring of 2002 , we realized we had a lot of people with respiratory problems .
We got some money from the National Institute of Environmental Health Science , and did a quick survey of members of the Iron Workers Union , the guys that operate the heavy cranes and who got down there within hours of the attacks .
We compared 110 ironworkers who had been down at Ground Zero versus a couple hundred who were elsewhere in New York City .
And there was a very striking difference in the rate of respiratory symptoms .
That was when we went to the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health , and said there is a need for a structured medical monitoring program for the people who worked down there .
They set up two big programs here in New York City .
One was at the Fire Department , which focuses on the active duty firefighters and that program has seen about 15,000 people .
The other is based here at Mt. Sinai , which anchors a consortium of five institutions around the city : Bellevue , Stony Brook Medical Center on Long Island , the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey , and Queens College .
We 're the hub of this consortium , which has now seen about 20,000 people , and we 're continuing to follow up .
But it 's hard to capture everyone who worked at the site .
Many of them live outside of Manhattan , and some are immigrants who do n't speak much English .
Efforts have been made because we all recognize the problem .
The fire department has the best records of all because they are a paramilitary organization — they knew exactly who was where when and they can command people to come in for physical examination .
We 've got all the other workers , and we 've done a pretty good job , but not as good as the firefighters .
One of the problems is that nobody kept a very good record of who was working on the site , and there are estimates that go from 40,000 to 100,000 people were down there .
The truth will never be known because there 's no way to completely recapture them .
My own guess is that between the two groups , we 've probably seen two - thirds to three - quarters of everyone who was down there .
But even now , six years after the events , we 're still getting 500 new people every month who are finally coming in for medical assistance ; they have just now gotten sufficiently worried or pushed by their spouse or their partner .
Now some experts are saying there 's a third wave of Ground Zero illnesses — cancers and in particular , myelomas .
That 's still in the very early stages .
We have seen some cases of cancer in people who were down at Ground Zero , and we 're trying right now to verify precisely which kind of cancers those are because that obviously makes a difference .
What we do n't know is whether these cases are related to Ground Zero , and if this is the beginning of a trend or just background noise .
Frankly , only time will tell .
Mesothelioma as a result of asbestos , for example , typically takes two or three decades to makes its appearance .
So the ultimate death toll from the World Trade Center could be in the tens of thousands .
Who knows ?
But it 's almost certainly going to be greater than what we know today .
There are 46,000 children who attend school in lower Manhattan .
Six months after the attacks , you testified before Congress that the indoor environment at the schools was safe .
Do you think this all - clear signal might have been premature ?
Have any follow - up studies been done on these kids ?
In retrospect , there was more indoor contamination than we initially realized .
In some cases , windows were blown out and the contamination was painfully obvious .
But it took a while to realize that there were a number of other buildings that did n't react swiftly enough to close their air intakes , so the contaminated dust got taken up with the air handling systems .
The City of New York , with support from CDC , has set - up a registry for people of all ages who live or work in lower Manhattan .
They 've collected detailed medical information on 71,000 people , whom they are continuing to follow .
That 's our best hope of seeing what 's happened to the children .
So we could possibly see illnesses 20 or 30 years hence ?
We could and it could be many decades from now .
Children have many more years in future life than we adults , and if they are exposed to asbestos , for example , they 've got seven or eight decades to manifest any disease .
The government initially was reluctant to recognize that people were damaged from exposure to this caustic dust .
What do you think finally turned the tide ?
The truth .
It just became painfully obvious within a couple of months that people were damaged , and the press was filled with stories about the World Trade Center cough .
The critical event was the David Prezant paper in the New England Journal of Medicine [ September , 2002 ] on the World Trade Center cough .
David Prezant heads the medical follow - up program at the fire department .
It became very difficult after that for people to say no harm was done .
The Bush Administration is trying to cut off access to this kind of critical information .
Yes .
The EPA has shut some of their libraries and they 've pulled stuff off their website .
An interesting way in which this plays out relative to the World Trade Center is that there have been senior officials within the Department of Health and Human Services who 've seriously proposed shutting down the Centers of Excellence at Mt. Sinai , at Bellevue , at the fire department , and the other institutions that are providing a high level of care to the 9/11 victims .
They 're proposing to replace them with a voucher program where you 'd give a chit to any worker who could document that he or she was down there and let them go to their private doctor in New Jersey , Ohio , or Florida — wherever they happened to live .
They 've said to pursue such a policy would " preserve freedom of medical choice . "
We fought this vigorously because it would have several adverse effects .
First , it would have a negative effect on the individual workers , who have complicated lung diseases caused by unique exposures and who are often simultaneously suffering from mental health problems .
These complex issues require the kind of care you only get in a big teaching hospital , where people have expertise in dealing with this .
You send them out to a well - intentioned but inexperienced general practitioner in the suburbs and it's almost inevitable that the person is n't going to get such good care .
The second consequence of this action — and I think that this may be part of the motive — is that if you disperse this population and sent them out to a widely scattered network of private practitioners , then the centralized collection of data would come to an abrupt end .
And we would no longer have statistics on what had happened after 9/11 .
Do you think federal officials are trying to escape culpability for exposing people needlessly to the caustic dust ?
I do n't think there 's any real way to answer that question because that speaks to motive , and I can't get inside their heads .
But I can look at the external actions and say what they 're proposing to do is medically ill - advised and makes absolutely no sense .
Whenever a patient asks me where they should go because they 've been diagnosed with a certain disease , my immediate answer is to go to the doctor who 's already seen 5,000 people with your disease .
You do n't want to put yourself in the hands of someone who 's doing it for the first or the second time , and yet that 's precisely what this proposal advocates , which is very short - sighted and ideologically driven .
And protects the government and corporations from billion - dollar lawsuits .
Maybe , but I 'll just describe it as ideology .
It 's difficult because we 've had to spend an enormous amount of effort fighting what I consider an unnecessary fight to preserve the programs that are doing the right thing .
Quite frankly , the production of scientific papers from the World Trade Center project has been slowed by virtue of the fact that many colleagues and I have had to make multiple trips to Washington — giving congressional testimony , having private meetings with staff — to advocate what we all think is the right thing .
But the trouble is if we did n't do it , then we'd have no scientific papers to write .
So the Bush Administration has done everything they can to slow the process down .
Yes .
Do you get angry ?
Yes , but I 've never seen much virtue in sitting around sulking .
You 've got to get past that , and turn it into action .
What we 've done in the case of the scientific papers from the World Trade Center , for example , is that we 've accelerated that process .
I 've taken my best epidemiologist , David Savitz , who has agreed to chair a high - powered working group that meets every couple of weeks .
They plan to get eight or nine papers out within the next six months so that we get the findings from the World Trade Center experience out in front of the public .
This article is developing .
Rather than wait until it is " finished " , it will be updated periodically .
Click HERE to digg the article .
New releases of information suggest that this may have been the case .
Tillman , a courageous , patriotic pro football hero was coming out against the war .
If he spoke out to the media , attacking the war and the Bush administration it would have been devastating to US support for the Iraq war and the 2004 campaigns of George W. Bush and his Republican supporters .
Tillman , if he 'd returned home from his tour of duty , only to get on the speaking stump , opposing the war and supporting John Kerry and his Democratic fellow candidates , could have made a huge difference .
Now , AP , in an article with a strangely weak , non-descript headline article , reports that Tillman may have been intentionally killed .
The military has finally released a 2300 + page report which provides what appears , to this writer , to be clear evidence that this coverup went beyond just hiding the fact that Tillman was not killed by enemy fire , but fare worse , horrifically , that he was very likely intentionally killed by US fire and that this crime was then covered up , very likely with the decision made to cover up at the highest levels .
Mostly Ignored by the MSM
Not surprisingly , this huge story is not being given the attention it deserves by the lamestream media .
CNN 's top story today is drunk astronauts , and of course , the latest drug abusing celebrity .
The Wall Street Journal did n't carry the story at all ( just imagine what the WSJ will be like once Murdoch gets his hands on it . )
Keith Olbermann did jump on it , discussing it with Gen. Wesley Clark .
The New York Times does n't even cover the AP story , merely noting , in a page 20 brief article , that there weill be demotions .
They do have an editorial supporting Henry Waxman 's investigation into the role of the Whitehouse in the coverup of Tillman 's real cause of death .
But they totally ignore the real story -- that there was suspicion of murder and that the military lawyers gloated about covering it up .
The Washington Post does n't list any reference to Tillman on their websites list of " A " section articles .
But at least they list the AP article on their site .
Paul Joseph Watson , commenting on an Associated Press article , AP : New Details on Tillman 's Death writes in his article New Evidence Clearly Indicates Pat Tillman Was Executed
" The report also states that " No evidence at all of enemy fire was found at the scene - no one was hit by enemy fire , nor was any government equipment struck . "
The article also reveals that " Army attorneys sent each other congratulatory e-mails for keeping criminal investigators at bay as the Army conducted an internal friendly - fire investigation that resulted in administrative , or non-criminal , punishments . "
So there was no evidence whatsoever of friendly fire , but the ballistics data clearly indicated that the three head shots had been fired from just 10 yards away and then the Army tried to concoct a hoax friendly fire story and sent gloating back - slapping e mails congratulating each other on their success while preventing the doctors from exploring the possibility of murder .
How can any sane and rational individual weigh this evidence and not come to the conclusion that Tillman was deliberately gunned down in cold blood ?
The evidence points directly to it and the motivation is clear - Tillman abandoned a lucrative career in pro-football immediately after 9/11 because he felt a rampaging patriotic urge to defend his country , and became a poster child for the war on terror as a result .
But when he discovered that the invasion of Iraq was based on a mountain of lies and deceit and had nothing to do with defending America , he became infuriated and was ready to return home to become an anti-war hero .
As far back as March 2003 , immediately after the invasion , Tillman famously told his comrade Spc. Russell Baer , " You know , this war is so f*cking illegal , " and urged his entire platoon to vote against Bush in the 2004 election .
Far from the gung - ho gruff stereotype attributed to him , Tillman was actually a fiercely intellectual man with the courage of his convictions firmly in place .
Tillman had even begun to arrange meetings with anti-war icons like Noam Chomsky upon his return to America before his death cut short any aspirations of becoming a focal point for anti-war sentiment .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
' It seems science subjects are not only more highly represented [ in grammar and private schools ] but also considered very important , ' said Sylvia Green , director of the research division at the exam board Cambridge Assessment , whose study is to be published tomorrow .
The report , ' A - Level Subject Choice in England ' , found that 33.3 per cent of pupils at grammar schools are now studying chemistry A - level and 27.7 per cent of those at private schools .
However , at comprehensive schools the figure was far lower , at 14.8 per cent .
Similar trends occurred in the other subjects , according to the study of 6,500 pupils .
Just over 21 per cent of pupils from grammar schools choose physics and 18.9 per cent at private schools , close to double the 9.8 per cent taking it in comprehensives .
In maths 31.3 per cent of grammar school pupils took an A - level , 39 per cent of those in private schools and 22.4 per cent of those in comprehensives , while in biology the figures were 32.7 per cent , 28.3 per cent and 20.6 per cent respectively .
It is bad news for universities already under fire for recruiting too few pupils from the state sector .
' If these subjects are becoming increasingly the exclusive preserve of a subset of the education system , it is worrying for us and worrying for the country as a whole , ' said Geoff Parks , director of admissions at the University of Cambridge .
' These are hugely important subjects essential for the UK economy . '
Parks said it was already tough to attract a good mixture of students from socially diverse backgrounds , and this would make it more difficult .
Some pointed to the fact that more pupils at selective schools aspired to study subjects such as medicine and dentistry that required science A - levels .
Peter Mason , principal of Stamford Endowed Schools in Lincolnshire , which comprises a private junior school and a private girls ' and a boys ' secondary school , said : ' If you ask students why they choose science , the main reasons are they enjoy the subjects , find them stimulating and need them for their future . '
The report comes just days after it emerged that the UK had slipped 10 places in an international league table for science teaching .
But Derek Bell , chief executive of the Association for Science Education , said comprehensives were trying hard to attract pupils to the subjects .
Chemistry , physics and biology were also seen as difficult subjects .
He added : ' We do n't want to reduce the standard but we do want to help students see that they can do it . '
The government says it is changing the way science is taught in an attempt to make it more popular .
A spokesman for the Department for Children , Schools and Families said there would be more chance for pupils to study the sciences separately at GCSE and a pilot scheme that will introduce 250 science clubs for 11 - to 14 - year - olds .
' We will also double the number of science ambassadors - people with industry experience in science and engineering - to 18,000 by 2008 to work with teachers in schools to engage and enthuse young scientists , ' he added .
Remember the game Command and Conquer " Red Alert " and the Soviet Tesla coil ?
Here is my take on the Tesla coil in that classic game :
Red Alert Tesla coil
Background to the Game
C onstruction
Special Effects
This photo in the media
Red Alert Tesla coil 2007
( click to enlarge )
The Soviet Tesla coil fires a long lightning bolt at a hapless Allied soldier while a Tesla trooper provides extra power .
A conscript is on guard and an engineer sets off .
Now read this carefully .
1 This is a single photo from a Nikon D70s digital camera and is a 17 second exposure of a real functioning Tesla coil and is the result of perhaps 100 hours of preparation .
It is completely untouched .
It is not , repeat not , photoshopped .
It does however achieve the result using special effects which I will explain .
2 A real Tesla coil cannot make ultralong sparks and it can't direct them specifically to a point ( like the enemy ) .
This is not a real weapon .
( Email me if you want the hi-res pic 3000 pixels across for $ 10 .
This is usually needed for print media )
Video ( I have done an explanatory and running videos be added soon ) .
Background to the Game 2007
Red Alert is a Westwood game in the Command and Conquer series which has the Guinness record for most popular real time strategy game with 12 million sold according to Wiki .
The main Soviet defense was the Tesla coil which has a long reach and can direct it 's sparks to the enemy without placing Soviet units in danger .
Indeed the Tesla trooper could be placed next to the Tesla coil to increase it 's power .
I have played several of the Red Alert series but specifically refer to Red Alert 2 which was the version from 2000 to 2003 .
See the Red Alert 2 Wiki .
The Soviet units of interest are from the Official Red Alert 2 page .
From left , Tesla Trooper , Engineer and Conscript .
C onstruction of Props 2007
To give the feel of Red Alert in my backyard , some props were made .
The basis of the Tesla coil will be my 18 inch diameter TC that has had 11 foot sparks .
( click to enlarge )
The RA props under construction include , in the left photo , a different shape to the normal top of the Tesla coil with a sphere on top and two concentric rings ( toroids ) below the sphere .
For convenience of connections I have used an old defunct Tesla coil ( 4 x 23 inches ) secondary on top of the old one with the sphere on top of that .
The center photo shows 4 upright supports around the Tesla coil before painting in Soviet red .
The right photo shows the Red Alert version .
( click to enlarge )
My latest addition to my base is the Soviet wheelie bin .
First photo shows the best side .
Second , the not so best side .
( click to enlarge )
Above is the completed Tesla Trooper and during construction .
Not that true to the original but I 'm no expert and I can't spend too long on just one model .
I hope to have sparks coming from him in the final shot .
( click to enlarge )
This is a model of a Soviet conscript wearing my Driza - bone stockman 's coat , army boots and carrying some optics from an 8 kW Xenon arc coagulator in lieu of a gun !
Yes he is left - handed .
( click to enlarge )
The Engineer was a bit more challenging than the others in that the body has to be more anatomical .
I feel like Gepetto ( Pinocchio's maker ) .
The case is my school case from about 37 years ago .
I knew it would be useful one day .
Lesson : never throw anything out - ever .
( click to enlarge )
The 3 units in the one shot .
And finally the target of the long sparks .
( click to enlarge )
This is just a cardboard cutout on a wood frame covered with sheets of white A4 paper .
Paper fluoresces under UV ( remember the nitrogen laser ) so it shows up as bluish color with the sparks plus fluorescence .
I am not sure that it looks the best but is not too dissimilar to the Red Alert representation .
Often a skeleton like look is used and maybe that is what was intended but in limited pixels was n't able to be done in the game .
Sacher Associates specializes in providing measurable and sustained productivity improvement .
We achieve this by implementing the 10 essential components and systems of team performance to provide a totally integrated performance solution .
Does your organisation have a unified sense of direction ?
Is your strategic planning system being effectively implemented ?
Do you have a performance measurement system that allows for role clarity , the acceptance of responsibility , and genuine empowerment ?
Is your performance management and appraisal system driving continuous performance improvement and controlling variation ?
How effective is your communication , and are people being recognised and rewarded ?
Are your employees productive and do they experience the highest levels of job satisfaction ?
Does your organisation experience total stakeholder satisfaction ?
We implement the 10 essential components and systems of team performance to achieve the above .
Nowadays they can be implemented virtually and are covered in our five core in - house or online learning courses and in our consulting projects .
Each approach is a stand - alone pathway , yet together they form a formidable performance improvement system for gaining sustainable advantage through people .
These courses together comprise a holistic approach recognizing that organizational success cannot be achieved by tinkering with one or other component .
Sustained success can only be achieved through a totally integrated approach .
Nowadays we offer a complete online training and consulting service utilizing technology to provide cost - effective and custom - designed performance solutions
More in the continuing saga of the Muliaga family who lost their Mother / Wife when a Mercury Energy contractor disconnected their power due to late payment .
The family have had another meeting with Police having failed to halt the investigation into the death of Folole Muliaga , they have made a complaint to the Police Complaints Authority citing thoughtless and ill treatment by Police .
Mrs Muliaga ’s family has criticised the police investigation , saying it has been insensitive and unnecessary .
Brendan Sheehan who seems to be the primary spokesperson for the family criticizes the Police for interviewing the family in English and that HE was not allowed into interviews once another family support person had left to fulfil her own obligations to her children .
Brendan Sheehan also contends
Police did not allow the family to grieve adequately .
Police have statutory obligations with regard to sudden deaths .
Police are required to take charge of the body and deliver it to the Mortuary for post mortem and to carry out investigations on behalf of the Coroner for the Inquest .
In addition Police routinely use interpretive services for a number of different languages including sign and in Counties Manukau , the Police district in question , they have dedicated Iwi and Pacific Island Liason Officers .
Counties also has a high proportion of officers of Pacific Island origin to reflect its population .
To borrow a phrase from Shakespeare , methinks he doth protest too much .
They want their statements back from the original interviews , why ?
Could it be that they are afraid that the investigation and Coroners inquest will lead to the conclusion that disconnection of the power was not the cause of Folole Muliaga ’s death ?
It has been revealed that Mrs Muliaga was gravely ill with obesity related heart and breathing problems .
She had turned her back on the cocktail of drugs that was keeping her alive for traditional Samoan healthcare and should not have been relying on the oxygen machine to keep her breathing , it was to assist not life support .
The families lawyer has stated that this aspect is irrelevant citing the stress of the power disconnection in their bid for compensation .
It seems the family advisors are possibly seeing the Police Investigation as a hinderance to their claim for compensation .
Meanwhile , Mrs Muliaga has become the “ poster child ” for the little man .
Staff at the Hotel where Mr Muliaga works have taken strike action for higher pay , using the Muliaga family circumstances to support their cause .
The Prime Minister has used the issue in an attempt to curry favour with the voting population and this morning the family have criticized the Government for not going far enough with new guidelines to prevent impoverished families from having their power disconnected .
While the Muliaga ’s were attempting to pay , which they were , their power should not have been disconnected .
Their circumstances should have been taken into account .
However , the family have to bear some responsibility too , where was Brendan Sheehan when they were receiving disconnection notices ?
Why was n’t he on to the power company ensuring that they were aware of the family ’s circumstances ?
What about the family ’s church ?
Was Work and Income helping out at all ?
Were the family receiving the support of the agencies out there for just this purpose ?
Were the family referred to them at all by any of their current supporters who have emerged from the woodwork to appear before the media now ?
You can read everything about this saga at the following link
Update as at 1.45 pm my time :
Police have announced no charges will be laid with regard to Folole Muliaga ’s death .
To summarize for those not wanting to read the entire story ,
“ There is no evidence to justify any charge in relation to the power company , their contractors or staff members . ”
The investigative notes and interviews will be handed on to the office of the Coroner in order for the Inquest to proceed .
Further Update as at 2:51 pm my time :
The Muliaga Family are pleased that the Police wo n’t be charging anyone over Mrs Muliaga ’s death ( in spite of calling Mercury Energy ’s actions as criminal at the time ) and are considering civil action .
« Let them do the thing everyone else tells them not to | Main | Getting / Staying Organized : my Moleskine PDA »
Add a little more random to your product
You know the feeling :
You follow a near - random trail of blog links and land on the post that solves your big business problem .
You randomly flip through a physics book and find next week 's sermon .
You 're shopping for discount dog food when you find your dream date .
It 's the powerful charm of the iPod Shuffle ( " How did it KNOW that 's just the song I needed to hear right now ... " ) .
It 's serendipity .
And maybe we should build more opportunities for it into our products , services , and lives .
In user experience design , especially , we often work our asses off to remove unpredictability .
That 's a good thing , mostly .
An interface that does what you expect drops away so you can focus on whatever it is you 're using the product to do .
While we assume that randomness plays a big role in games , we do our best to strip it from " serious " products and services .
But there are plenty of ways to keep a user experience consistent while still supporting -- even encouraging -- the chance for serendipity .
And serendipity is delightful , astonishing , sexy , rewarding , inspiring ...
When the iPod Shuffle first came out , the ads were based on the theme , " Life is random . "
I thought it was one of the lamest marketing spins ever .
I imagined the meetings , " Let 's spin the lack of display as a feature .
Yeah , that 's it .
We 'll sell the inability to choose your music as a benefit ! "
But I was so so so wrong .
Within a few weeks ' of the Shuffle 's release , the serendipity effect had kicked in .
" OMG !
That was the perfect song for this ! "
" Seriously .
It ca n't be random .
It 's putting songs together that just ... work * "
The Shuffle was getting people out of their playlist ruts .
Out of the music comfort zones we all fall into ( emo , anyone ? ) .
Exposing them to songs they 'd loaded onto their pre-Shuffle iPod but that never seemed to be one of The Chosen Ones .
Think about it .
Think about all the music on your ( non-Shuffle ) iPod , computer , or vintage CD rack .
Now think about the subset you actually listen to regularly .
For most of us , it 's a pathetically small set .
By literally forcing people to listen to randomly - chosen songs , the Shuffle was constantly delighting , surprising , rewarding , stretching users .
And users loved it .
Filters drive a bigger need for randomness today
We 're all on info overload , and filters are the best antidote .
Whether it's a tech or politics aggregator like Techmeme or Memeorandum , a topic - specific blog / online news site like Slashdot or Engadget , or our own hand - crafted custom news page like My Yahoo , we 're all looking for ways to narrow the funnel .
Even semi-smart online shopping sites like Amazon become a filter , telling us what we 're most likely to be interested in , and even letting us help tune it to be more precise .
But all this filtering , tuning , and pruning keeps us stuck !
We end up seeing only what we think we want to see -- what we 're already familiar with -- and slashes our chances for serendipity .
And that means slashing our ability to create and innovate , or even to be truly surprised and delighted .
How can we add more chances for serendipity into our products , services , and even lives ?
Of course it depends greatly on the product , with random - by - design ( like the Shuffle ) on the extreme edge of the Predictable / Random continuum .
But here are a few ( randomly - chosen ) examples :
1 ) Staff picks of the Day / Week / Month
The bestseller lists reflect the popularity of the many .
" Recommended for you " picks reflect what people just like us have bought .
Both of these narrow the funnel , but the " Staff Picks " can introduce something new , especially when the staff pickers go out of their way to introduce things you might have otherwise missed .
2 ) Encourage other users to post " off- label " uses of the product
Do n't just showcase examples of how the product can be used in the usual way .
Get users to submit stories , pictures , examples , etc. of ways they used the product to do something nobody ( or at least YOU ) never imagined .
3 ) Randomly introduce things from completely unrelated domains
If you aggregate home improvement stories , for example , have a place where you insert a semi- random -- but high quality -- post from a non -home - improvement field .
4 ) Use cards from a shuffled " idea " deck
The idea is simple : select a card from a shuffled deck , and act as though whatever the card says is directly relevant to your current problem .
Some favorites :
Brian Eno's Oblique Strategies ( designed for musicians and artists , but works for anything . )
Roger von Oech 's original Creative Whack Pack ( a long - time favorite of mine ...
I started using it more than a decade ago , and it's a big part of why I 'm such a fan of Roger ) .
The IDEO Method Cards
I 've never used them , but they 're visually stunning , and others have recommended them .
5 ) The old standby : subscribe to magazines from unrelated domains
Walk through a large newstand , and linger in some of the sections you usually skip .
You just never know when Cat Lover Today is going to have that perfect answer for you .
Even more challenging -- but interesting -- is to go beyond newstand magazines and flip through professional journals you find at the home of a friend or business associate ( or waiting in the dentist 's office ) .
Who knows how many times we ' reinvent the flat tire ' simply because it 's never been solved in our world , while a gazillion solutions are out there in unrelated fields .
6 ) Find SOME means to add randomness ( or pseudo - randomness ) directly into your product or service
While a random tip - of - the - day is one implementation ( and just because it 's so often done badly , annoyingly , intrusively , and obnoxiously does n't mean it HAS to be that way ) , there are probably a lot of other ways to introduce -- perhaps as a user option -- some element of random or pseudo - randomness .
Drum machines ( and other electronic / midi music software ) sometimes let you choose to automatically insert subtle , somewhat random shifts in the music to make it just a little less perfect ... which means a little more real - sounding .
Google has an " I'm Feeling Lucky " button that takes you straight to the first web page returned for your search query , but there 's nothing random there .
And while that 's a useful feature , it might be equally useful to add an " I 'm feeling bored " button that takes you straight to , say , the 42nd returned hit .
Photoshop has a kind of mutation feature that while not random , lets you instantly view your current image with a variety of different color adjustments .
Perhaps they could add a " apply random filter " menu item , and let you see the image with some wild -- and semi- random - - combination of tweaks .
It might never have occurred to you that the " plastic wrap " look is exactly what you needed to use on that picture of your ex you 're about to put online for the world .
One of the problems with e-books ...
Another area where randomness could matter a lot is in e-books .
One of the complaints you hear from dead - tree - book - lovers is that they do n't get to flip through the pages .
On the surface , this might sound like yet another silly argument , and indeed I 've heard e-book champions tell us we 'll get over it , we wo n't care , or - - hey - - they 'll just add a page flipping sound + animation to make us feel better .
But it 's not the sound or tactile feel of the page turning that matters ... it 's the chance for serendipity you lose when you can't easily , randomly flip through the pages !
How many times have you flipped to a page in a non-fiction book and -- viola !-- as if by magic , the thing you need - but - did n't - know - it - until - you - saw - this - page appeared ?
And no , presenting you with a linear list of thumbnails does n't count .
There is , however , a fairly simple and at least partial solution I 've seen in older experimental prototypes , but have no idea if they 're implemented in any current e-book readers : a random " flip through the pages " button .
But it ca n't just be a sudden HERE IS PAGE 267 thing .
It needs to have a visual that shuffles through the pages ( like the Apple cover - art thing on iTunes ) in a way that displays them large enough to see something potentially interesting .
In other words , it 's the serendipity of a simple flip through the book that needs to be retained .
Finally ...
Perhaps the best way for us all to up our chances for serendipity is to cultivate diversity wherever , however , whenever we can .
Like I said earlier about filters , the bright side of efficiency and focus comes with a dark side of narrow vision .
The good news ?
Remembering to keep a bit of random ( or at least semi-random ) input goes a long way .
Think of the implications .
You really , really , really do n't want your kids to think about your music tastes ( or potential music stagnation ) the way you felt about your parents ( who still listen to the music they played in college ) , do you ?
Seriously .
Who knows which hot hipster band of today is the Barry Manilow of tomorrow ... so do n't get stuck .
Apple 's original Shuffle promo said " Life is Random " , but that 's stating the obvious .
Perhaps a better mantra would be , " Random is Life . "
We could all use more of it , and if we can give our users a few more moments of serendipity , we 're giving them a wonderful gift .
Bonus related links :
* The randomness of the iPod Shuffle is hotly debated ( including but not limited to the computer science issues of " random " ) .
Read more here , here , and -- if you 're a math / stats geek - - here .
Randomness , artificial intelligence , and art .
One of Maggie Boden 's wonderful essays on unpredictability and creativity .
A sample :
" With the help of this mental discipline , even flaws and accidents may be put to creative use .
Oliver Sacks reports the case of a jazz drummer suffering from Tourette 's syndrome .
24
He is subject to sudden , uncontrollable , muscular tics .
These occur , though with reduced frequency , even when he is drumming .
As a result , his drumsticks sometimes make unexpected sounds .
But this man 's musical skill is so great that he can work these supererogatory sounds into his music as he goes along .
At worst , he " covers up " for them .
At best , he makes them the seeds of unusual improvisations which he could not otherwise have thought of .
( Similar remarks apply to jazz musicians who use Hodgson 's program to help spawn interesting musical ideas , or to artists and designers who use " evolutionary " computer - systems in developing ideas which they could not have thought up by themselves . ) "
The Future of the Book
Questions to ask randomly
So ... what are YOU doing to keep random input in your life and / or the lives of your users ?
Posted by Kathy on January 30 , 2007 | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d83451b44369e200d8342de2e453ef
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference
Add a little more random to your product :
» Add a little more random to your church from LifeChurch.tv : swerve
Kathy Sierra has another great post entitled Add a little more random to your product .
As I think about itI should probably change the title of my post to Add a little more random to OUR church since we are certainly guilty of bein ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 30 , 2007 7:42:48 PM
» HebdoDépôt : aujourdhui ma première plainte ?
from Triabulle
Déjà la quatrième édition dHebdoDépôt et je nai toujours pas reçu de plaintes .
Quest - ce que vous attendez ? ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 2 , 2007 12:00:48 AM
» Remainders 02.04.2007 from journal
Kathy at Creating Passionate Users has an good article on randomness and why one should introduce it into their lives .
The idea being that adding unpredictability increases creativity .
( via LifeDev ) Donald Norman , writer of such design bibles as Design ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 4 , 2007 7:19:45 AM
» Some Lessons From Biology from The Bamboo Project Blog
A few weeks ago , I was helping my 14 - year old daughter study for her biology final .
We spent quite a bit of time on genetics and evolution , including Gregor Mendel and principles of biodiversity .
As serendipity would have it , around [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 12 , 2007 5:57:55 PM
» Kicking some _______. from 800-CEO-READ
Blog
Todd and I 's lunch conversation yesterday turned towards work [ as tends to always be the case ] .
The specific subject being this -- the blog .
He brought up a post by Kathy Sierra over at Creating Passionate Users on helping your ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 22 , 2007 1:43:37 PM
» Fortune Favours The Serendipitous from CardMarketing 2.0
A person I 've never met before sent me a link to a random blog entry on serendip [ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 12 , 2007 4:01:43 AM
Comments
The iPod 's shuffle feature helps you solve the problem of having 10,000 songs and having to figure out which to play next , or having to listen in order and therefore never getting around to songs 5,000 - 10,000 .
It 's reducing choice , and thereby making the process less involved and less cognitively dissonant .
It also favors better songs , but still mixes in a less - loved song often enough to seem exciting .
I think the key takeaway is less about randomness and more about reducing choice / fear and thinking about solving annoyance or unwieldiness factors in the customer experience .
In the iPod , that just happens to manifest as pseudo - randomness .
Look at Wal - Mart 's self - checkout kiosks .
Sure , random digital coupons would incentivize more kiosk use , but ultimately they really need to scare people less in order to accomplish the real goal of reducing staff and improving throughput .
I 'm nervous using them , and I design complex SOA integration for a living .
Posted by : Justin D- Z | Jan 30 , 2007 3:00:50 AM
My 40 GB iRiver has about 3000 songs and has hardly been off " shuffle all " in nearly 3 years of faithful service .
I kind of view it as a radio station that works off a playlist that is almost all stuff I like .
Now admittedly , this is partly because I never figured out the playlist feature , but then again I never felt like I needed it .
One of the fun things is loading a freshly - ripped CD and seeing how and when the tracks turn up .
Randomness rocks .
( Quite literally in this case )
Now I need to think about throwing more randomness into my daily work , although my colleagues might assert that my code is already random enough ...
Posted by : Mike Woodhouse | Jan 30 , 2007 3:19:25 AM
x : categories ( randomness ) folksonomy
I wonder if it would still represent your vision .
And of course what would " randomness " concretely map to .
-
I like your graphics .
Posted by : Mario | Jan 30 , 2007 3:21:58 AM
OMG it 's posts like these that make me love this blog so much .
You 've really tapped onto something that just kinda gave me the " Aha ! " moment .
Really interesting piece .
Posted by : AL | Jan 30 , 2007 4:06:26 AM
I believe this is one of the biggest problems in education today .
Everything is so carefully planned out and teachers like to believe that we control everything that is learned in our classrooms .
This is one of the greatest things about blogging with kids in classrooms and opening it up to the world , is the huge number of positive uninteded consequences that occur .
Posted by : Clarence Fisher | Jan 30 , 2007 4:27:45 AM
Great post !
This one of the reason I like bookshops and libraries so much–browse the shelves and find something that hooks you up .
The blogosphere , web comics , and wikipedia are other great sources for serendipity .
And , of course , conversations with other people – face - to - face , via phone , via mail or otherwise .
Posted by : Jens | Jan 30 , 2007 4:48:26 AM
Paint Shop Pro has a " Randomise Parameters " button on most of its dialogs ( the icon is a dice 8 -)
It 's great for quickly figuring out what a feature might be capable of .
Posted by : Richie Hindle | Jan 30 , 2007 5:15:33 AM
My experience of your blog has been broken lately by a problem with it 's feed :
http://feedvalidator.org/check?url=http://headrush.typepad.com/creating_passionate_users/index.rdf
The markup appears to be encoded - which means I 'm looking at HTML tags instead of your finely crafted words .
The appearance of ' MsoNormal ' in the code suggests your use of Microsoft Word or similar may be the root of your problem .
Hope this helps you remedy it !
Posted by : Ollie | Jan 30 , 2007 5:32:23 AM
For ebooks , I want something like the coverflow album art display in itunes , but for the books pages .
Very much like on the iphone , from what I 've seen .
Imagine visually flipping through pages with the stroke of a finger .
Then drool .
Posted by : Filip Salomonsson | Jan 30 , 2007 6:21:50 AM
There is always www.stumbleupon.com if you want to be surprised / given some randomness .
I have not used it very much lately , but when I first discovered it , I definitely got to know some new things .
I 'll just brush up on the experience there .
I do remember liking the idea and links behind the site very much .
Must get me some randomness ;-)
Posted by : Eric | Jan 30 , 2007 6:28:18 AM
Hi Kathy ,
I love everything in pdf but only because of my cataract
operation , so I do n't have to switch glasses all the time .
What I miss the most about ' real ' books is the smell .
I just love to put my nose in a freshly bought book , and inhale deeply .
Welcome back !
Peter
Posted by : Peter | Jan 30 , 2007 7:12:33 AM
I have 500 films in my Netflix queue and the ones below about 25 never move up because I keep putting the newest whatever in the top 25 .
So what I do every month is go to the Research Randomizer website , have it choose 5 numbers between 25 and 500 and move those movies directly to the top of my queue .
I put the films on the list for a reason and now I get to finally see them .
Netflix should have a ' randomize my queue ' option .
Posted by : Jason | Jan 30 , 2007 8:05:40 AM
Probably like most people who read this blog I happen to be a bit more on the chaotic / creative side , BUT I know ( being married to the opposite ) not all people can tolerate that level of randomness .
For those who can ... to encourage my Adult ADD I use the personalized Google home page with really random RSS feeds ... it's a great way to put a lot of totally unrelated topics in front of you upon logging in first thing in the morning .
If anyone else has feeds they use on Google , please post ... always interested in adding more cool stuff .
Would be really helpful if it chose one a random for you too ...
Posted by : chuck | Jan 30 , 2007 8:26:35 AM
I got an iPod shuffle ( v1 ) for Christmas , and it is my favorite product ever .
I did n't even ask for it , because I too scoffed at the marketing campaign .
( My Mom won it at a grocery store , actually . )
In fact , I wrote a whole big thing on why it was so great and sent it to the design department at my company today .
I 've been a proponent of the whole " simple is better " 37 signals type of idea .
The best thing about the shuffle is that it is made to do just one thing , play some good music .
It 's ultraportable and the playlist is made for you ahead of time ( just choose what to load on it every so often and go ) .
I only have the half - gig model , and I do n't think I would ever upgrade to a gig , because I like the amount of albums it holds as it is ( about 8 , I think ) .
Friggin ' GREAT product ...
I do n't use my expensive HDD player anymore .
Posted by : Karl N | Jan 30 , 2007 8:34:03 AM
I think there 's definitely something to be said for the random factor .
We do have a lot of randomness built into our website , and we 've been doing an Art of the Day feature for just over three years .
But earlier this month , we changed the mailing list format from plain text to html and the feedback was overwhelmingly positive .
One thing we heard over and over : " It 's so great to see the image right there in my mailbox !
A lot of times , if I 'm not that interested in the theme , I 'd skip viewing a week , and now I can't help but think of all the good art I might not have otherwise been exposed to ! "
And because we worry people get tired of our taste in their mailbox ( or feedreader ) daily , we also open it up to guest editors , because , well , we like to be surprised , too !
Which of course gives me an idea that hit me mid-post : any folks out there interested in curating a week of EBSQ's Art of the Day ?
Could be the bit of randomness you need to spark your day ;)
Posted by : Amie | Jan 30 , 2007 8:37:21 AM
One other thing you might appreciate , Kathy .
I nicknamed my shuffle " Flow " , because whenever I 'm bored or restless around the house , I pick up my shuffle and listen to some music , and it gets me going to do whatever I need to do ( clean , make dinner , get ready to go somewhere ... ) .
It 's truly wonderful to have music so available , and I never did that with my bulky HDD player and its large headphones and complex interface .
It 's hard to have fun with a product that you 're afraid to drop and break ; not so with my shuffle .
Posted by : Karl N | Jan 30 , 2007 8:39:03 AM
Is it just me or do brains instinctively want to relate random occurrances in an attempt to rationalize them ?
Posted by : Edward Ocampo- Gooding | Jan 30 , 2007 8:47:26 AM
I have had Roger Van Oeck 's book " A Whack in the Side of the Head " for many years , as well as " The Universal Traveler " from some other writer .
I am also trying to apply to IDEO ( anyone have connections ? ) as I am , and always have been , the kind of person they look for and write about in their articles and books .
I do n't really believe in ' randomness ' as much as I see ' what things fit when they are needed ' .
I 'm not calling this determinist , but darned if something does n't ' feel right ' when it happens ; I have far too many examples which can correlate this .
As a coach , I help clients use every clue possible to determine their needs , goals , and path (s ) .
Sometimes these clues are far hidden in their hopes or desires , sometimes the clues are obvious but they ' ca n't see them yet ' .
This takes lateral thinking and systems - thinking -- both what randomness may feel like to some people .
Additionally , I also think that the ' randomness ' factor [ you describe ] is similar to " a universal connection " -- not the determinst viewpoint , but a concept that we can see more when we have a larger picture .
Call it compassion with the world ( ie : the random iPod song shows us a new view of the world ) .
Is it random when we can stand on a chair to get a higher viewpoint , and see new things ( literally ? )
I do n't think so .
Btw , I was serious about wanting to work with IDEO and other industrial - design / thinktank facilities ... just putting this randomness out there , as I have already synchronicitously applied to them ;)
Posted by : Lauren Muney | Jan 30 , 2007 8:55:10 AM
Right on !
Jason Kottke recently rolled out a ' random ' section that pieces together random posts from his archive : http://kottke.org/random
Posted by : Jack Cheng | Jan 30 , 2007 9:43:51 AM
Since I create communication pieces for 18 yo students , and I 'm the age of their parents , I have to keep up w/ what they look at .
My strategy is a Firefox plug - in called Stumble !
You can download it from the Firefox plug in site and choose what kind of sites you want to look at -- including your interests or your anti-interests .
When I need an idea and I 'm stumped , I open Firefox and click on that Stumble !
button and it brings up a random web site .
I have gotten so many great ideas , some totally not connected with the site I 'm looking at , just a new idea .
It 's da bomb !
Posted by : Kari | Jan 30 , 2007 9:54:00 AM
" Is it just me or do brains instinctively want to relate random occurrances in an attempt to rationalize them ? "
I love that question !
I 'm always doing that .
I think in a lot of cases people even try to relate random occurrences to their own experiences in order to support their beliefs .
Personally , I sometimes like to read a horoscope at the end of the day so I can relate it to how my day went .
I find I can more often than not do that .
If it 's not just us , though , I wonder if that sort of behavior serves some actual evolutionary purpose .
Posted by : Kevin | Jan 30 , 2007 10:00:18 AM
Some years back I was forced into giving up my email address because my ISP got rid of @home.com .
But I kept using the email for posting on dejanews / google groups - at the time , one could n't change the email , so this also became an anti-spam tool .
I also thought google at the time kind of was weird for not having a sig for users , so I started putting semi-random things in my pasted - in sig - links or quotes - I thought of it as similar to those little sniglets at the end of Reader 's Digest articles .
There is some serendipity and some function of gestalt doing that .
It can be kind of funny when I hit on some mildly offensive link and whoever I was replying to think I did it on purpose .
I find it most useful for simply breaking out of whatever predictable mind - tangent the thread creates .
Some people are offended , saying a sig should always have contact information ( I 'm real easy to find with a simple google ) .
Some people have actually become fans of it .
It has taken on a life of its own , I never thought it would last more than a few months .
It can be sad when the sig is more interesting than the post .
My horoscope for today : " Someone is listening to your every word .
But it 's up to you to decide whether this is a good thing or a problem . "
I do n't have an iPod , there 's some good radio stations out there ( I commute 3 hours a day ) .
Most of my favorite music is on the 16 - track in my head anyways .
Posted by : joel garry | Jan 30 , 2007 11:23:30 AM
A very thought - provoking article , Kathy !
Another example of randomness is the use of Easter eggs in DVD menus .
People hunt for them and are so excited to bump into them .
I wonder , though , how important it is for people , especially adult users , to choose randomness rather than have " it happen to them . "
My hunch is that choice makes a difference .
Anyone else have an opinion ?
Posted by : Gretchen | Jan 30 , 2007 3:26:45 PM
Recent feeds from " Creating Passionate Users " ( since 1/16 ) have been arriving to my RSS reader ( NetNewsWire ) as the page source instead of the actual formatted feed .
I 've also been getting lots of duplicates .
Anyone else having this problem ?
I have 120 feeds and this is the only one doing it ... and it 's also my favorite blog , so it kinda sucks .
Posted by : Sergei | Jan 30 , 2007 4:09:17 PM
>>
Recent feeds from " Creating Passionate Users " ( since 1/16 ) have been arriving to my RSS reader ( NetNewsWire ) as the page source instead of the actual formatted feed .
Same with me - but I use RSSBandit .
I have almost unsubscribed ...
Posted by : Matthew | Jan 30 , 2007 4:14:30 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
You can wear them just to be more peaceful , or you can connect them to a music player , DVD player , laptop , or the plane ’s audio system .
Because the engine roar is missing from the mix , you can enjoy enormously improved audio quality at substantially lower , safer volume levels .
Image Credit ... Stuart Goldenberg
Nobody disputes the quality of Bose ’s market - leading phones .
But wow — $ 350 a pair ?
Little wonder rival companies are now trying to bring you similar peace in the stratosphere without propelling the price up there , too .
Panasonic , Sennheiser , JVC , JBL , Audio - Technica , Logitech and Able Planet have now joined the noise - canceling marketplace , with hopes of canceling a few of those Bose sales along the way .
There ’s only one good way to test these headphones : wear them on planes , trains and automobiles .
So when a three - leg trip loomed , I grabbed a carry - on bag and crammed it with 10 pairs — 2 Bose models and its 8 rivals .
Airport security probably thought I was a little unbalanced , and my seatmates thought I had some kind of attention deficit disorder .
But in the name of science , I shrugged off the humiliation and proceeded with my A /B test .
Or , rather , my A/B/C/D/E/F/G/H/I/J test .
Most of these headphones are powered by a single AAA battery .
Each comes in a carrying case that keeps the devices together with their accessories : the miniplug cable for your music or DVD player , for example , and the adapters for quarter - inch phono jacks and dual - pronged airplane armrest jacks .
Most of these cases exude elegance but take up a huge portion of your carry - on bag .
As counterintuitive as it may seem in this age of iPods and digital downloads , vinyl – the favorite physical format of indie music collectors and audiophiles – is poised to re-enter the mainstream , or at least become a major tributary .
Talk to almost anyone in the music business ' vital indie and DJ scenes and you 'll encounter a uniformly optimistic picture of the vinyl market .
" I 'm hearing from labels and distributors that vinyl is way up , " said Ian Connelly , client relations manager of independent distributor alliance IODA , in an e-mail interview .
" And not just the boutique , limited - edition colored vinyl that Jesu / Isis - style fans are hot for right now . "
Pressing plants are ramping up production , but where is the demand coming from ?
Why do so many people still love vinyl , even though its bulky , analog nature is anathema to everything music is supposed to be these days ?
Records , the vinyl evangelists will tell you , provide more of a connection between fans and artists .
And many of today 's music fans buy 180 - gram vinyl LPs for home listening and MP3s for their portable devices .
" For many of us , and certainly for many of our artists , the vinyl is the true version of the release , " said Matador 's Patrick Amory .
" The size and presence of the artwork , the division into sides , the better sound quality , above all the involvement and work the listener has to put in , all make it the format of choice for people who really care about music . "
Because these music fans also listen using portable players and computers , Matador and other labels include coupons in record packaging that can be used to download MP3 versions of the songs .
Amory called the coupon program " hugely popular . "
Portability is no longer any reason to stick with CDs , and neither is audio quality .
Although vinyl purists are ripe for parody , they 're right about one thing : Records can sound better than CDs .
Although CDs have a wider dynamic range , mastering houses are often encouraged to compress the audio on CDs to make it as loud as possible :
It 's the so - called loudness war .
Since the audio on vinyl can't be compressed to such extremes , records generally offer a more nuanced sound .
Another reason for vinyl 's sonic superiority is that no matter how high a sampling rate is , it can never contain all of the data present in an analog groove , Nyquist 's theorem to the contrary .
" The digital world will never get there , " said Chris Ashworth , owner of United Record Pressing , the country 's largest record pressing plant .
Golden - eared audiophiles have long testified to vinyl 's warmer , richer sound .
And now demand for vinyl is on the rise .
Pressing plants that were already at capacity are staying there , while others are cranking out more records than they did last year in order to keep pace with demand .
Don MacInnis , owner of Record Technology in Camarillo , California , predicts production will be up 25 percent over last year by the end of 2007 .
And he's not talking about small runs of dance music for DJs , but the whole gamut of music : " new albums , reissues , majors and indies ... jazz , blues , classical , pop and a lot of ( classic ) rock . "
Turntables are hot again as well .
Insound , an online music retailer that recently began selling USB turntables alongside vinyl , can't keep them in stock , according to the company 's director , Patrick McNamara .
And on Oct. 17 , Amazon.com launched a vinyl - only section stocked with a growing collection of titles and several models of record players .
Big labels still are n't buying the vinyl comeback , but it would n't be the first time the industry failed to identify a new trend in the music biz .
" Our numbers , at least , do n't really point to a resurgence , " said Jonathan Lamy , the Recording Industry Association of America 's director of communications .
Likewise , Nielsen SoundScan , which registered a slight increase in vinyl sales last year , nonetheless showed a 43 percent decrease between 2000 and 2006 .
But when it comes to vinyl , these organizations do n't really know what they 're talking about .
The RIAA 's numbers are misleading because its member labels are only now beginning to react to the growing demand for vinyl .
As for SoundScan , its numbers do n't include many of the small indie and dance shops where records are sold .
More importantly , neither organization tracks used records sold at stores or on eBay – arguably the central clearinghouse for vinyl worldwide .
Vinyl 's popularity has been underreported before .
" The Consumer Electronics Association said that only 100,000 turntables were sold in 2004 .
Numark alone sold more than that to pro DJs that year , " said Chris Roman , product manager for Numark .
And the vinyl - MP3 tag team might just hasten the long - predicted death of the CD .
San Francisco indie band The Society of Rockets , for example , plans to release its next album strictly on vinyl and as MP3 files .
" Having just gone through the process of mastering our new album for digital and for vinyl , I can say it is completely amazing how different they really sound , " said lead singer and guitarist Joshua Babcock in an e-mail interview .
" The way the vinyl is so much better and warmer and more interesting to listen to is a wonder . "
- - -
Eliot Van Buskirk has covered digital music since 1998 , after seeing the world 's first MP3 player sitting on a colleague 's desk .
He plays bass and rides a bicycle .
Dying DRM Means More Freedom for Music Fans
Startup Takes On ITunes With Free , Ad- Supported Service
Johnny Rotten Praises Battling Bands , Trashes Internet Liars
Are Digital Music Watermarks a Blessing or a Curse ?
# 823214 +( 9203 ) - [ X ] < Cyan >
Some dude tried to break in last night at like 2 am , but I was on the comp and it's like right beside the window so I heard the faggot .
< Cyan >
Anyways , I grabbed the folding chair and as soon as he was like halfway through I beat the fucking shit out of him .
< Cyan >
So he 's laying here unconscious and I call the cops .
Once they get here , they search him and look at what he fucking had :
< Cyan > 8 track tape ( unlabeled ) , Flashlight ( no batteries ) , Half eaten box of Fig Newtons , Measuring tape , Instructions to " Monopoly . "
< dan > Dude , you fucking killed McGuyver !
Here 's a friendly reminder :
Do n't screw with people on the internet , as they are n't all pasty , spineless nerds .
Just most of them .
If you 're unlucky , you 'll be like John G. Anderson .
He had his trailer burned down after he called Russell Tavares a nerd online .
Advertisement
Apparently , the line was really drawn when " Anderson called him a nerd and posted a digitally altered photo making Tavares look like a skinny boy in high - water pants , holding a gun and a laptop under a ' Revenge of the Nerds ' sign . "
Holy crap , I hope Greg Packer does n't have that kind of temper .
Tavares apparently really , really hates being called a nerd , as he drove 1,300 miles from Virginia to Texas , snapping pictures at each state line and posting them online to prove that he was insane and on his way .
Even after he was sentenced to seven years in prison , he would n't let the flame war ( pardon the pun ) go .
Tavares would not let the feud go even at his sentencing .
According to Pack , Tavares took cellphone photos of Anderson in the courtroom while the judge was hearing another case .
Authorities ordered the photos erased .
Advertisement
Just be nice online , people !
If you really need to be a jerk , do it in person so at least you 'll know who you 're up against .
[ Yahoo ]
Summer is here - so get over it , writes Raymond Gill .
SUMMER OFFICIALLY begins in Melbourne around the time of the first sighting of a Goth in Elizabeth Street in short sleeves .
It 's not unlike the American custom of using a groundhog to indicate fine weather ahead but it 's more unpredictable and so much more exciting .
Our version of a hibernating rodent emerging from its burrow can happen in December , possibly February , or maybe March .
Whichever month , we can only determine summer is nigh when a Goth crosses Lonsdale Street holding a JB Hi-Fi bag while attempting to pull a soft pack of French cigarettes from the pocket of his black skinny jeans , if male , or from within the folds of her voluminous black Victorian skirt , if female .
If the Goth successfully lights the cigarette , summer may still be some time off .
Summer can only officially be declared if the match is extinguished by 43 degrees of wind suddenly whooping down Elizabeth Street from Melton with every shred of plastic bag and piece of grime and dust south of Fawkner Cemetery caught in its maelstrom .
As you read this , Ayaan Hirsi Ali sits in a safe house with armed men guarding her door .
She is one of the most poised , intelligent and compassionate advocates of freedom of speech and conscience alive today , and for this she is despised in Muslim communities throughout the world .
The details of her story bear repeating , as they illustrate how poorly equipped we are to deal with the threat of Muslim extremism in the West .
Hirsi Ali first fled to the Netherlands as a refugee from Somalia in 1992 after declining to submit to a forced marriage to a man she did not know .
Once there , in hiding from her family , she began working as a cleaning lady .
But this cleaning lady spoke Somali , Arabic , Amharic , Swahili , English and was quickly learning Dutch , so she soon found work as a translator for other Somali refugees , many of whom , like herself , were casualties of Islam .
These women had been abused , mutilated , denied medical care and proper educations and forced into lives of sexual subjection and compulsory childbearing .
After attending the University of Leiden , Hirsi Ali began speaking publicly about the repression of women under Islam , and shortly thereafter she started receiving death threats from local Muslims .
Her security situation eventually became so dire that she moved to the U.S. in 2002 .
However , she was soon contacted by Gerrit Zalm , then deputy prime minister of the Netherlands , who urged her to run for parliament .
When Hirsi Ali voiced her security concerns , Zalm assured her that she would be given diplomatic protection wherever and whenever she needed it .
She returned to the Netherlands with this assurance , won a seat in parliament and became a tireless advocate for women , for civil society and for reason .
The rest of her story is well known .
In 2004 , Hirsi Ali collaborated with Theo van Gogh on the film “ Submission , ” which examined the link between Islamic law and the suffering of millions of women under Islam .
The reaction from the Muslim community was nothing short of psychopathic , and it confirmed the necessity of Hirsi Ali ’s work and the reasonableness of her fears .
Van Gogh , having declined bodyguards of his own , was gunned down and nearly decapitated on an Amsterdam street , and a letter threatening Hirsi Ali was staked to his chest with a butcher knife .
Hirsi Ali was immediately forced into hiding and moved from safe house to safe house , sometimes more than once a day , for months .
Eventually , her security concerns drove her from the Netherlands altogether .
She returned to the U.S. , and the Dutch government has been paying for her protection here -- that is , until it suddenly announced last week that it would no longer protect her outside the Netherlands , thereby advertising her vulnerability to the world .
Hirsi Ali may be the first refugee from Western Europe since the Holocaust .
As such , she is a unique and indispensable witness to both the strength and weakness of the West : to the splendor of open society and to the boundless energy of its antagonists .
She knows the challenges we face in our struggle to contain the misogyny and religious fanaticism of the Muslim world , and she lives with the consequences of our failure each day .
There is no one in a better position to remind us that tolerance of intolerance is cowardice .
Having recapitulated the Enlightenment for herself in a few short years , Hirsi Ali has surveyed every inch of the path leading out of the moral and intellectual wasteland that is traditional Islam .
She has written two luminous books describing her journey , the most recent of which , “ Infidel , ” has been an international bestseller for months .
It is difficult to exaggerate her courage .
As Christopher Caldwell wrote in the New York Times , “ Voltaire did not risk , with his every utterance , making a billion enemies who recognized his face and could , via the Internet , share information instantaneously with people who aspired to assassinate him . ”
The Dutch Parliament will be debating Hirsi Ali ’s case this week .
As it stands , the government ’s decision to protect her only within the borders of the Netherlands is genuinely perverse .
While the Dutch have complained about the cost of protecting Hirsi Ali in the United States , it is actually far more expensive for them to protect her in the Netherlands , as the risk to her is greatest there .
There is also the matter of broken promises : Hirsi Ali was persuaded to run for parliament and to become the world ’s most visible and imperiled spokeswoman for the rights of Muslim women , on the understanding that she would be provided security for as long as she needed it .
Zalm , in his capacity as both the deputy prime minister and the minister of finance , promised her such security without qualification .
Most shamefully , Jan Peter Balkenende , the Dutch prime minister , has recommended that Hirsi Ali simply quit the Netherlands and has refused to grant her even a week ’s protection outside the country , during which she might raise funds to hire security of her own .
Is this a craven attempt to placate local Muslim fanatics ?
A warning to other Dutch dissidents not to stir up trouble by speaking too frankly about Islam ?
Or just pure thoughtlessness ?
The Dutch government should recognize a scandal in the making and rediscover its obligation to provide Hirsi Ali with the protection she was promised .
There is not a person alive more deserving of the freedoms of speech and conscience we take for granted in the West , nor is there anyone making a more courageous effort to defend them .
Sam Harris is the author of “ The End of Faith ” and “ Letter to a Christian Nation . ”
Salman Rushdie is a novelist whose works include “ Midnight ’s Children , ” which won the Booker Prize , and “ The Satanic Verses . ”
Murder victim Jane Longhurst 's family has campaigned for new laws
Distribution of extreme pornography is illegal in the UK but this does not affect foreign websites , so new laws could ban possession of it in Britain .
The Home Office and Scottish Executive are consulting on whether new laws are needed and what should be covered .
The idea was welcomed by the family of Jane Longhurst , of Hove , murdered by a man addicted to violent net porn .
The aim is for a new offence of possessing violent and abusive pornography , which could be punishable by up to three years in prison , Home Officer Minister Paul Goggins told BBC Radio 4's Today programme .
Mr Goggins said such images were " extremely offensive to the vast majority " and had no place in society .
If it is found that the law can be strengthened to cut violent pornography from our society , then we will take action
Cathy Jamieson
Scottish Executive
Consultation document ( 172KB )
Most computers will open PDF documents automatically , but you may need to download Adobe Acrobat Reader .
Download the reader here
A Home Office spokeswoman added the proposed law included deliberately viewing such images which meant " effectively downloading " the information on to the computer .
The new laws would not affect people who came into contact with pornographic material by accident .
" These forms of violent and abusive pornography go far beyond what we allow to be shown in films or even sold in licensed sex shops in the UK , so they should not be available online either . "
UK - based websites and other distributors face prosecution under the Obscene Publications Act 1959 .
' Reduce demand '
Mr Goggins told BBC Radio 4's Today programme : " We do feel it necessary to provide some form of protection for the public , particularly for young children increasingly accessing the internet .
" It is very important that we protect them from accessing these kinds of extreme pornographic images .
HAVE YOUR SAY
Why should my liberty be restricted because some parents can't or wo n't control what their kids do online ?
Matt Munro , Bristol , UK
Send us your comments
He said there was also a responsibility to " reduce demand " for this kind of material , both to protect those who were abused in its making and the public .
He added that accidentally accessing such material would be a defence .
Cathy Jamieson , Scottish Executive Justice Minister , said : " Violent pornography is abhorrent .
" If it is found that the law can be strengthened to cut violent pornography from our society , then we will take action . "
The proposals were welcomed by Metropolitan Police Commander Dave Johnston .
Mr Johnston , a representative of the Association of Chief Police Officers , said : " The internet is being targeted more and more by those who create sites that specialise in sexual violence and other types of extreme perversion . "
' Assist investigations '
The fact many sites were outside the UK made investigations very difficult and the creation of new offences would " assist greatly " , he said .
" The fact that it is available over the internet should in no way legitimise it , " he said .
The serious problem with it is the assumption that ordinary people cannot be trusted to make up their own minds
Dr Chris Evans
Internet Freedom
Can crackdown work ?
However , Dr Chris Evans , founder of a group called Internet Freedom , told the Today programme that no material should be banned and people should be able to make up their own minds .
" There is a recognition , even in the proposals , that 60 years of research into media effects shows no conclusive evidence that violent images cause violent acts , so I think that the very idea that we need to ban it does n't hold water , " he said .
" But I think the serious problem with it is the assumption that ordinary people cannot be trusted to make up their own minds about what they read , watch or see . "
But Mr Goggins argued that they could " certainly point to cases " where viewing such images had an effect - such as in the brutal murder of Jane Longhurst .
Jane 's murder
Miss Longhurst was murdered in Hove , Sussex , two years ago by a friend 's boyfriend , Graham Coutts , who had spent hours viewing images of women being strangled and raped .
Ms Longhurst 's mother Liz , of Reading , Berkshire , was shocked that such images were freely available over the internet and has campaigned for new laws .
Martin Salter , Labour MP for Reading West , praised Mrs Longhurst 's " courage and motivation " and said he was pleased the legal " loophole " of the internet could be closed .
He said Mrs Longhurst had sought to ensure others " did not experience her dreadful loss when her lovely daughter Jane was murdered by a sick , self - confessed addict of extreme internet porn " .
The Liberal Democrats home affairs spokesman Mark Oaten urged the government to provide a " very clear and succinct definition " of what constitutes violent and abusive pornography .
" Sensible measures which protect children from extreme sites should be warmly welcomed .
However , the government must avoid creating a nanny state or introducing laws that can't be enforced , " he said .
Consultation on the proposals is open to everybody , including interested parties and the public , and people can give their views until 2 December .
He tells the truth about what Bush and Cheney believe .
Asked in Iowa last night whether he believed that waterboarding was torture , he replied :
It depends on who does it .
If the Khmer Rouge does it , it 's torture .
If the United States does it , it 's not .
This man cannot be allowed to be president of the United States .
He believes that the United States is above morals and the president of the United States is above the law .
He is a tyrant to the depths of his being .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
CNBC learns not to ' mess with ' Ron Paul , followers David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Tuesday October 16 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This CNBC Washington correspondent John Harwood asked former Representative Joe Scarborough on Tuesday to tell him what Rep. Ron Paul is really like , because he 's been amazed to discover lately that " if you mess with Ron Paul on television or online , you are going to feel the wrath of some serious followers . "
Harwood explained that when CNBC did an online poll of who won the last GOP presidential debate on October 9 , " Ron Paul dominated the debate , and some of my colleagues at CNBC thought that there was something wrong with that and they took the poll down .
I want to tell you , my email box , thousands and thousands and thousands of email , like I have n't seen from any other -- you know , followers of Chris Dodd or Bill Richardson or Joe Biden . "
Two days after the debate , CNBC Managing Editor Allen Wastler posted " An Open Letter to the Ron Paul Faithful " at the CNBC website , in which he accused them of having hacked the poll .
Wastler wrote , " You guys are good .
Real good .
You are truly a force on World Wide Web and I tip my hat to you .
...
You folks are obviously well - organized and feel strongly about your candidate and I can't help but admire that .
But you also ruined the purpose of the poll . "
However , the very next day , Harwood himself posted " My Open Letter To Ron Paul Supporters , " in which he apologetically stated , " I agree with the complaints .
I do not believe our poll was ' hacked . '
Nor do I agree with my colleagues ' decision to take it down , though I know they were acting in good faith .
... I have no reason to believe anything corrupt occurred with respect to our poll .
To the contrary , I believe the results we measured showing an impressive 75 % naming Paul reflect the organization and motivation of Paul 's adherents .
This is precisely what unscientific surveys of this kind are created to measure . "
Joe Scarborough responded to Harwood 's question by saying that Ron Paul has widespread appeal , with signs all over college campuses and traditional conservatives , libertarians , and even people on the far left responding positively to his positions on the war and on civil liberties .
He added , though , that in the House of Representatives , " Everybody 's thought that he 's been crazy for a while , as far as too conservative , too libertarian .
...
He 's a very independent guy .
He does n't play by the rules . "
Scarborough further noted that if Paul were to run for president as an independent , it " would be really bad news for the Republicans . "
He then seemed to think better of his earlier remark about Paul 's colleagues considering him crazy , concluding , " He 's an extremely impressive man , he 's brilliant ... and everybody 's excited about this guy . "
The following video is from MSNBC's Morning Joe , broadcast on October 16 , 2007 .
Advertisements
Want a gift card ?
Participate in a presidential frontrunner survey !
The dollar fell to a record low versus the euro on Tuesday after the Federal Reserve cut its key interest rate by an aggressive half a percentage point to prevent the U.S. economy from weakening further on turmoil in the credit and housing markets .
Policy - makers reduced the benchmark lending rate between banks by the most since November 2002 to 4.75 percent , the lowest level since May last year .
It was the first rate cut in four years .
The Fed also lowered the discount rate it charges for direct loans to banks by a half - point .
Traders sold the dollar as lower rates make U.S. dollar - denominated assets less attractive .
Financial markets had widely expected the Fed to lower overnight borrowing costs by at least 25 basis points , but were split over whether the move would be a more aggressive half - point .
" A 50 basis point cut in the funds rate and the discount rate is a brave opening gambit in the easing cycle from a Fed chairman that for credibility reasons was expected to err on the side of caution , " said Alan Ruskin , chief international strategist at RBS Greenwich Capital , in Greenwich , Conn .
He said the move will also cause some to question the Fed 's inflation - fighting credentials .
Against the dollar , the euro was 0.7 percent higher to trade at $ 1.3962 , after earlier trading at a record high of $ 1.3977 .
The dollar pared some of its early gains against the yen to trade at 115.70 yen .
" Today 's action is intended to help forestall some of the adverse effects on the broader economy that might otherwise arise from the disruptions in financial markets and to promote moderate growth over time , " the Fed said in a statement outlining its decision .
Omer Esiner , a market analyst at Ruesch International in Washington , said , " The accompanying statement sounds a somewhat cautious tone , pointing out the Fed is a bit more worried about the fallout from the recent financial market turmoil . "
The dollar fell nearly 1 percent against the Canadian dollar to trade at 1.0164 , a 30 - year low .
Some analysts said recent oil price highs above $ 80 and lower U.S. interest rates may soon push the greenback to parity with its Canadian counterpart , a level last seen in 1976 .
The high - yielding New Zealand dollar also rose 2 percent to $ 0.7205 , while the Australian dollar was up 1.8 percent at $ 0.8490 .
Originally Posted by dircha Originally Posted by
How much would it cost to buy up a couple full pages of ads in their little paper ?
I 'm sure they will dance for money .
They 're journalists afterall , and not particularly honest ones from the look of it .
China ’s military leadership on Monday assured U.S. Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates that it opposes a nuclear - armed Iran .
But to the disappointment of Pentagon officials , on a visit here for talks on a range of military issues between the two countries , it appears the Chinese position on Iran ’s nuclear development , for now , will be no more than words .
Chinese military officials told their American counterparts that they believe “ discussion ” alone -- as opposed to economic sanctions -- will dissuade Iran from building a nuclear weapon .
Gates will make the case for sanctions once more today , when he meets with Chinese President Hu Jintao .
“ That is where you get your real answers , ” said a senior Defense official .
“ I continue to hope that on Iran we would get a stronger understanding of the importance of using all the tools of diplomacy , not just discussions , but sanctions and pressure .
Just talking has n’t gotten us very far with Iran . ”
Advertisement
Chinese military leaders said nothing of U.S. requests that they stop selling military supplies to Iran .
Iran ’s nuclear program is one of the most urgent issues for Gates in China .
The Iranian issue was raised and the two sides “ agreed that it is important to pursue efforts to persuade the Iranian government to change their behavior and their policies peacefully , through diplomatic means , ” Gates said .
U.S. Defense officials came to China promising to ask questions on a host of tricky issues .
They asked China to be more forthright about its military spending .
And Gates was asked Monday whether he had received a satisfactory answer about why China shot down a weather satellite in January .
American military officials have said the debris field from the explosion threatened other satellites and could signal the expansion of China ’s military into space .
Advertisement
“ I raised the concerns about it and there was no further discussion , ” Gates said .
Senior Defense officials said they viewed the Beijing meetings as a step toward prodding the Chinese into more serious and candid conversations about the country ’s military strategy .
At a news conference with Gates , Chinese Defense Minister Gen. Cao Gangchuan said the U.S. and Chinese navies would conduct a joint exercise , following up on a pair of rudimentary exercises this year .
But Cao quickly added that the next exercise would occur “ at the proper time . ”
Pentagon officials also hailed China ’s embrace of a dedicated hotline between the Pentagon and Beijing ’s military leadership .
Advertisement
But the Chinese have agreed to establish that communications link in the past -- most recently in June -- only to have plans become ensnared in technical and bureaucratic objections .
Comments by Cao left Beijing room to back off from implementing a hotline .
“ We will both urge the relevant departments [ to ] press ahead with their technical consultations and preparations so the agreement can be finalized , ” Cao said .
The lack of solid agreements on the first day of meetings was less significant than the tone of the talks , U.S. officials said .
“ This is not a trade negotiation .
This is not us asking for stuff and getting stuff from them at the end of the meeting , ” the U.S. official said .
“ But . . . the fact that the secretary of Defense is here frankly discussing these issues with the Chinese is significant . ”
Advertisement
--
julian.barnes@latimes.com
This is surreal .
The Cleveland Plain Dealer reports ( via TechDirt ) that Ohio's Cuyahoga County — ground zero in the nationwide e-voting debacle that I 've been chronicling here at Ars — is holding a " recount " of their November 6 local elections by going back to the memory cards in their Diebold touchscreen voting machines and reprinting all the paper ballots , so that they can tabulate paper copies of the votes in compliance with a law that defines the paper record as the only official record of the vote .
How stupid is this idea ?
This is like printing out all of your bank statements from Quicken , and totaling it all up by hand because you do n't trust that the software is displaying your real balance on the screen ... no , actually , it 's even dumber than that .
Let me see if I can explain .
The point of the ballot print - outs that Ohio law mandates is that they 're from a voter - verified paper audit trail ( VVPAT ) ; the voter casts a vote using the touchscreen , and then he or she confirms that the ballot has been correctly recorded by glancing at a printout of the vote .
That voter - verified printout is supposed to go into a lockbox , where Ohio law declares it the official record of the vote .
Notice the emphasis on the term " voter - verified " here — even if the touchscreen has been maliciously programmed to record the wrong vote on its internal memory card , the voter has verified that the paper record of her vote is accurate ; hence making that paper record the official vote .
What happens if as many as 20 percent of those printouts are spoiled due to problems with the cheap thermal printers that Cuyahoga hurriedly tacked onto their Diebold touchscreen machines ?
Well , common sense tells you that you simply do n't have a voter - verified record of those votes , so you can forget about detecting any election tampering that involves manipulating the electronic record .
You might as well go back and tabulate the votes electronically , and hope that nobody has manipulated the memory cards either during or after the polling .
But Ohio Secretary of State Jennifer Brunner has looked at the law , which again makes the paper record the official copy of the vote , and given the board of elections the go - ahead to reprint all of the ballots from the stored memory cards .
Yes , you read that right : the paper ballots will be reprinted from the memory cards , counted ( certainly with fresh errors introduced ) , and then declared the official tally over against the results of a totally electronic tally of those same memory cards .
What 's really great is that the county board of elections now considers this idiotic reprint practice to be the gold standard for following in future elections , including the upcoming presidential contest .
The Plain Dealer reports :
Board of Elections Director Jane Platten said the county now has a clear path to follow if the paper trail is unreadable in a recount .
" Voters now have a fair opportunity to have their votes counted consistently throughout the whole election process , including election night , the official count and the recount process , " Platten said Monday in an e-mail .
In another article on the 20 percent ballot spoilage numbers , Platten told the Plain Dealer , " I wish those paper trails would come out pristine — and they do n't , and they 're not going to .
We 're going to have to deal with it again . "
I really do n't know what to say here , except that if you live in Cuyahoga County , this should send you through the roof .
What 's sad is that Cuyahoga has a history of recount shenanigans , some of which were documented in the documentary " Hacking Democracy . "
This is just the latest example of Cuyahoga 's complete disregard for the machinery of democracy .
For more on Ohio 's e-voting woes , see the links below :
“ Buy time ? ” asked an angry Senator Chuck Hagel , the Republican from Nebraska who announced Monday he would retire from the Senate next year .
“ For what ? ”
General Petraeus , pressed first by Senator Susan M. Collins , a Maine Republican who is under tremendous pressure to abandon her lukewarm support for Mr. Bush ’s war strategy , and then by Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton of New York , conceded that he would be “ hard - pressed ” to justify America ’s presence in Iraq if there is no political progress in Iraq over the next year .
Senator John W. Warner , the Republican of Virginia who is one of the party ’s leading voices on foreign policy , asked whether the current strategy in Iraq is “ making America safer . ”
General Petraeus first retreated to an explanation that he is doing his best “ to achieve our objectives in Iraq . ”
But when pressed again , he said : “ Sir , I do n’t know , actually . ”
Both the general and the ambassador , who in the past have talked expansively about the regional and global effects of the Iraq war , stayed narrowly in their lanes of expertise today and stepped around repeated questions about whether a series of tactical victories in Anbar Province or some neighborhoods of Baghdad could be transferred into a broader agreement that would end a state of civil war .
Image Senators Joseph R. Biden Jr. , Christopher J. Dodd and John Kerry at the Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on Iraq .
Credit ... Stephen Crowley / The New York Times
Nor would they be drawn into any estimates of how many more years a major American troop presence would be required — or even when the oft - promised training of Iraqi troops would be complete enough to allow Americans to step into the background .
“ I ’m as frustrated with the situation as anybody else , ” an exasperated - sounding General Petraeus said in a particularly pointed exchange with Senator Robert Menendez , the New Jersey Democrat .
Briefly breaking out of the flat tone in which he has delivered his analyses of troop strength and the reliability of Sunni Arab tribes who have turned against the homegrown extremist group Al Qaeda in Mesopotamia , General Petraeus said , “ This is going on three years for me , on top of a year deployment to Bosnia as well , so my family also knows something about sacrifice . ”
Related website :
www.biobagusa.com
Advertisement
If you ’ve been following the news , you know that plastic bags ( including plastic grocery bags , garbage bags and “ baggies ” ) have been implicated in all kinds of environmental problems , from pollution of rivers and streams , oceans and reservoirs that supply drinking water , to strangulation and suffocation of animals that get caught in the bags .
The Sierra Club has designated bags as “ the single most deadly item at the grocery store . ”
One solution is BioBags , a certified 100 percent biodegradable , compostable bag made from non-GMO corn , fashioned into a material called Mater - Bi .
The city of San Francisco is leading the movement to ban plastic bags , and has endorsed BioBags as environmentally friendly alternatives .
BioBags use soy - based inks and dyes ; use no chemical additives to enhance decomposition ; and biodegrade naturally in soil .
If placed in a landfill , the bags decompose at the same rate as paper , leaves and food waste ( much quicker than the 1,000 years it takes one plastic bag to break down ) .
And , if BioBags make it into water supplies , they decompose in eight to 14 months .
Now that ’s an environmental solution .
Lesbian files lawsuit after being booted from ladies room for manly appearance Jason Rhyne
Published : Wednesday October 10 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email
This A 28 - year - old lesbian is filing a gender - discrimination lawsuit after being booted from a New York City restaurant by a bouncer who mistook her for a man in the women 's restroom .
Khadijah Farmer and her girlfriend had stopped by Greenwich Village 's Caliente Cab Company this past June -- right after attending a gay pride parade -- but trouble started when a female patron complained that a man was using the ladies room .
Farmer was then forced to leave .
According to the New York Daily News , the lawsuit was filed in Manhattan Supreme Court and demands that the restaurant " provide sensitivity training for its workers " in addition to seeking " an unspecified amount of money . "
" Now what happened to me inside of Caliente Cab should not happen to anyone anywhere , " Farmer said in an Associated Press video .
" New York City has always been and will continue to be an extremely diverse place to live in , and men and women come in all shapes and sizes . "
" I told him I was a woman , and I tried to show him my I.D. , " Farmer told AP about the bouncer who confronted her in the bathroom .
" He refused to look at it .
I was extremely uncomfortable and quite humiliated . "
Her lawyer , Michael Silverman , who heads the Transgender Legal Defense & Educaton Fund , said he was n't satisfied with how the restaurant handled the incident .
" Their response was that Khadijah can have a free meal , which is the equivalent of flipping us the bird , " he said , according to the Daily News .
The restaurant responded to the lawsuit with a statement that " denies wrongdoing and accuses Farmer of being out for money . "
" Farmer , " the statement continues , " is not interested at all in getting at the truth here , " and is " threatening continuous weekly protests of our business rather than expose the facts to the light of day in an appropriate forum . "
" I do n't go out of my way to put on pearls and pink dresses , " Farmer said , adding " however , I should n't have to . "
The following video is from The Associated Press , broadcast on October 9 , 2007 .
A new study ( PDF ) on the security of voting machines was released in Ohio on Friday .
The report , one of the most comprehensive and informative that I 've seen yet , contains some pretty astounding information about the security of voting machines that has n't been revealed before .
Unfortunately , the report is n't receiving the kind of attention it deserves .
It 's the first independent study to examine machines made by Election Systems & Software , the largest voting machine company in the country – the company 's machines are used in 43 states .
( A similar study of voting systems done in California earlier this year did not examine ES&S machines . )
What the researchers discovered is pretty significant .
They found that the ES&S tabulation system and the voting machine firmware were rife with basic buffer overflow vulnerabilities that would allow an attacker to easily take control of the systems and " exercise complete control over the results reported by the entire county election system . "
They also found serious security vulnerabilities involving the magnetically switched bidirectional infrared ( IrDA ) port on the front of the machines and the memory devices that are used to communicate with the machine through the port .
With nothing more than a magnet and an infrared - enabled Palm Pilot or cell phone they could easily read and alter a memory device that is used to perform important functions on the ES&S iVotronic touch - screen machine – such as loading the ballot definition file and programming the machine to allow a voter to cast a ballot .
They could also use a Palm Pilot to emulate the memory device and hack a voting machine through the infrared port ( see the picture above right ) .
They found that a voter or poll worker with a Palm Pilot and no more than a minute 's access to a voting machine could surreptitiously re-calibrate the touch - screen so that it would prevent voters from voting for specific candidates or cause the machine to secretly record a voter 's vote for a different candidate than the one the voter chose .
Access to the screen calibration function requires no password , and the attacker 's actions , the researchers say , would be indistinguishable from the normal behavior of a voter in front of a machine or of a pollworker starting up a machine in the morning .
The attack they describe is significant because the researchers ' description of how an intentionally miscalibrated machine would function – that is , prevent a voter from voting for a certain candidate – is precisely how some voters described the ES&S machines were acting in a controversial Florida election last year .
In November 2006 in Sarasota , Florida , more than 18,000 ballots recorded no votes cast in the 13th congressional race between Democrat Christine Jennings and Republican Vern Buchanan .
Election officials say that voters intentionally left the race blank or failed to see the race on the ballot .
But hundreds of voters complained during the election and afterward that the machines had been malfunctioning .
Some said the machines simply failed to respond to their touch in that race – the rest of the ballot , they reported , was fine .
Others said that the machines appeared to initially respond to their selection of Christine Jennings , but then showed no vote cast in that race when they reached the review screen at the end of the ballot .
Jennings lost to Buchanan by fewer than 400 votes .
The race is under investigation by Congress and the Government Accountability Office .
[ Earlier this year I did a FOIA request for records documenting the complaints that voters made about the machines on election day in Sarasota and put together a spreadsheet that you can view here .
The third column from the left , marked " Problem , " describes the nature of each complaint that came in . ]
The Ohio researchers ' findings raise new and interesting questions about that race .
Indeed , the researchers themselves note that their description of how an intentionally miscalibrated ES&S machine might function , or malfunction , is consistent with how iVotronics have apparently acted in some elections ( they do n't mention the Florida race by name , but they likely had Sarasota in mind when they wrote this ) .
ES&S is n't singled out in the report .
The researchers , among them computer scientist Matt Blaze , examined source code and hardware of touch - screen and optical scan machines from two other vendors as well – Premier ( formerly known as Diebold ) and Hart InterCivic .
They found vulnerabilities in the various systems that would allow voters and pollworkers to place multiple votes on machines , to infect machines with a virus and to corrupt already cast votes .
But one of the most worrisome flaws in my mind involves that infrared port on the front of ES&S touch - screen machines because it does n't require anyone to open a machine to hack it .
( The Premier / Diebold machine also has an infrared port on it , but the report does n't discuss it , and the Ohio researchers were n't available to answer my questions . )
The problem concerns the PEB ( personalized electronic ballot ) interface used for preparing ES&S 's iVotronic touch - screen machines for an election .
The PEB is the external memory device that I mentioned above that is used to communicate with the iVotronic machine through the infrared port .
PEBs are used by election administrators to load the ballot definition file and basic configurations onto the machine before the machines are deployed to polling sites .
They are also used by poll workers to launch the machines on the morning of an election , to instruct the machine to pull up a ballot for each voter and allow the voter to cast just one ballot , and to close the terminal and collect the vote totals at the end of the election .
The researchers found that access to the PEB memory itself is not protected by encryption or passwords , although some of the data stored on the PEB is encrypted ( using Bruce Schneier 's Blowfish cipher – note to Bruce to add the ES&S machine to your Blowfish products page ) .
Nonetheless , the researchers were able to read and alter the contents of a PEB using a Palm Pilot as well as substitute the Pilot for the PEB .
It 's worth reading the section about this from page 51 of the report :
Anyone with physical access to polling station PEBs can easily extract or alter their memory .
This requires only a small magnet and a conventional IrDA - based palmtop computer ( exactly the same kind of readily -
available hardware that can be used to emulate a PEB to an iVotronic terminal ) .
Because PEBs themselves enforce no passwords or access control features , physical contact with a PEB ( or sufficient proximity to activate its magnetic switch and IR window ) is sufficient to allow reading or writing of its memory .
The ease of reading and altering PEB memory facilitates a number of powerful attacks against a precinct ’s results and even against county - wide results .
An attacker who extracts the correct EQC , cryptographic key , and ballot definition can perform any election function on a corresponding iVotronic terminal , including enabling voting , closing the terminal , loading firmware , and so on .
An attacker who has access to a precinct ’s main PEB when the polls are being closed can alter the precinct ’s reported vote tallies , and , as noted in Section 6.3 , can inject code that takes control over the county - wide back - end system ( and that thus affects the results reported for all of a county ’s precincts ) .
Elsewhere on the same page , they write :
Many of the more sensitive iVotronic administrative functions ( closing the polls , clearing the terminal , etc ) require the entry of passwords in addition to the insertion of a supervisor PEB .
However , there is a special Quality Assurance ( QA ) PEB type recognized by the iVotronic firmware that behaves essentially as a supervisor PEB but that , when used , does not require the entry of any passwords .
This PEB type does not appear to have been described or documented in any of the ES&S manuals or training materials provided to our review .
This undocumented PEB feature can be used to neutralize the security of any iVotronic administration features that depend on passwords , no matter how carefully passwords are managed by a county .
Anyone with such a PEB – whether it was supplied by ES&S , stolen , or emulated with a palmtop computer – effectively has a “ back door ” that bypasses this basic security check .
As noted above , a simple Palm Pilot - type device can be programmed to emulate a PEB .
QA PEBs are no more difficult to emulate than regular supervisor PEBs ; they are similar to supervisor PEBs but with a single character changed in the communication protocol .
Note that while the QA PEB bypasses password checks , there is another iVotronic security feature required for access to some ( but not all ) administrative functions ,
For these functions , a PEB must be configured with the correct Election Qualification Code ( EQC ) ( a 32 bit random number assigned for each election ) .
However , as noted in the next section , precinct poll workers ( and others with brief access to the poll worker equipment ) can easily extract this code from the precinct ’s supervisor PEB using a palmtop computer .
The report is fascinating for the level of detail it provides about the machines .
I highly recommend reading it .
You 'll find it here .
See Also
We provide Details About Technology And Entertainment News
Updated at 12:25 a.m. EDT , Oct. 31 , 2007
Baghdad took the brunt of today ’s violence with a number of bombings occurring throughout the city .
Overall , 31 Iraqis were killed and 31 more were injured there and in other parts of Iraq .
Three MND - C soldiers were killed during an IED attack southeast of the capital as well .
Also , the Iraqi cabinet drafted a law that would end immunity from prosecution for foreign security contractors .
The deputy governor in Basra admitted that the security situation in the city is out of control .
News reports out of the city have been scant for months , especially since the British were forced to pull out of the city , so the extent of the violence there is unknown .
In Baghdad , five unidentified bodies were discovered .
Mortars wounded two people in the Mansour district .
In Zayouna , a gunman lobbed a grenade at a group of street sweepers , killing one and injuring six others .
A bomb planted in a minibus killed one person and wounded four in central Baghdad ’s Allawi bus terminal .
A bomb on a minibus in eastern Baghdad wounded two people .
The editor of a new weekly was murdered over the weekend .
Also , two gunmen were wounded at an Iraqi checkpoint , and a young female hostage was freed after being found hidden in the trunk of their car .
U.S. forces fired upon a car in Kut , killing one civilian and injuring a second passenger .
The reasons for the attack are unknown .
The body of an elderly farmer was found near al - Shahimiya a day after he was kidnapped .
Four policemen were killed and eight others were wounded during a car bombing in Samarra .
Four bodies were discovered in and near Mosul .
Also , an electrical employee was gunned down , while a fifth body was found .
In Kirkuk , a body bearing the usual gunshot and torture marks was found .
An off - duty policeman was killed in a drive - by shooting .
Gunmen killed a police lieutenant yesterday in Najaf .
The body of a second policeman was found in the al - Jamiya neighborhood .
Near Tikrit , mortars killed a woman and wounded five others .
U.S. forces killed four suspects and detained 17 during operation over the last two days in central and northern Iraq .
Two suspects were killed and seven more were arrested during joint operation in Baquba .
In Hawija , 27 suspects were detained .
In Turkey , three soldiers and six Kurdistan Workers Party ( PKK ) rebels are reported dead from continued fighting .
The Turkish government is also weighing its option concerning an economic attack .
Iraq ’s autonomous Kurdish region is heavily reliant on power and commodities coming from Turkey .
Compiled by Margaret Griffis
Internet advertising is just the latest flashpoint in the privacy debate .
It has been eight years since the F.T.C. has held a public workshop on the use of consumer data in online ads , and a lot of the hypothetical situations described then are now a widespread reality .
Image Credit ...
The New York Times
Many executives in the advertising industry do not see anything wrong with online targeting .
They argue that the practice benefits consumers , who see more relevant ads .
And they contend that for consumers , relinquishing some innocuous personal data is a small trade - off for free access to the rich content of the Internet , much of which is ad - supported .
“ Why should the direct mail firms be able to target like that , and we ’re not ?
All because it ’s electronic ? ” said David J. Moore , chief executive of 24/7 Real Media , which is owned by the advertising conglomerate the WPP Group .
“ Ultimately , if you want the content to remain free on the Web , you need to at least give us the information to monetize it . ”
But there is growing concern , even among online companies , about what information is being used to deliver ads to people .
“ The market is getting edgier and edgier , and what is accepted in the marketplace gets dodgier and dodgier , ” said Martin E. Abrams , the executive director of the Center for Information Policy Leadership at the law firm Hunton & Williams , a research organization financed by companies like Google , Microsoft and Best Buy .
“ We have really moved to a world where we say consumers need to police the market , and , increasingly , it is a harder world to police . ”
Some observers say that many people do not really mind the targeting .
Recent privacy surveys have found that younger people do not care as much about privacy as their parents do , but privacy groups say that is because people do not understand how much information is gathered .
“ If people were shown all the stuff that ’s been collected , I think they would be more appalled , ” said Richard M. Smith , an Internet consultant who will speak on the F.T.C. ’s opening panel .
We heard rumblings of the electric three - wheeled Aptera over a year ago but now the company has opened up an annoying and overwrought website soliciting " reservations , " meaning you can plunk down $ 500 and get the right to buy either the all - electric or plug - in diesel hybrid model .
The good news is , there 's a working prototype with specs that are jaw - dropping .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
How 's 230 mpg while driving at 55 m ph ?
Yes , that 's short of the 330 mpg first promised last year , but that 's a real world number demonstrated as the company rolled out the first working prototype of this diesel - electric car in March .
Part of the secret to that great mpg number is its drag coefficient of 0.11 , extremely slippery .
The company 's also claiming a 0 - 60 time of 10 seconds .
It looks way - cool , too .
We especially like the view from the rear of this car — it looks like a flying saucer , and the view from the side ?
Why , it 's a banana on wheels , and we mean that in the nicest way .
Advertisement
And the pricing ?
The company insists all this tech will cost around $ 20 K , and say the first Apteras will be delivered in " approximately 12 months . "
That 's a long time to lend someone $ 500 interest - free , but hey , this is an extraordinary design so maybe we 'll give 'em a pass this time .
[ Aptera ]
44 Years After JFK's Death , New Assassination Plot Revealed 3 weeks before Dallas , Feds uncovered plot to kill JFK in Chicago , says agent .
Nov. 22 , 2007  --
A former Secret Service agent has told WLS - TV there was a plot to kill President Kennedy in Chicago three weeks before he was assassinated in Dallas .
Kennedy was murdered on Nov. 22 , 1963 .
Today is the 44th anniversary of JFK 's assassination .
Lee Harvey Oswald would never have had the chance to kill Kennedy in Dallas , had an assassination plot in Chicago succeeded three weeks earlier , a plot that has been mentioned over the years .
Kennedy was due to arrive in Chicago the morning of Nov. 2 to attend the Army - Air Force football game at Soldier Field and ride in a parade .
Newspapers had even printed JFK 's detailed travel plan from O'Hare airport to the Loop .
Although police were preparing to line the motorcade route , Secret Service officials in Chicago were deeply troubled about the visit because of two secret threats .
Right - wing radical and Kennedy denouncer Thomas Vallee had arranged to be off work for JFK 's visit ; Vallee , an expert marksman , was arrested with an M1 rifle , a handgun and 3,000 rounds of ammo .
But then there was the phone call to federal agents from a motel manager concerning what she 'd seen in a room rented by two Cuban nationals .
" Had seen lying on the bed several automatic rifles with telescopic sights , with an outline of the route that President Kennedy was supposed to take in Chicago that would bring him past that building , " said former Secret Service agent Abraham Bolden .
Bolden , 72 , of Chicago , was a young agent in 1963 .
After a few years as an Illinois state trooper , Bolden joined he Secret Service and was invited by Kennedy onto the prestigious White House detail .
He was the first black agent assigned to protect a president .
Bolden recalled how agents bungled surveillance of those two suspected Cuban hit men .
They disappeared and were never identified .
" No one was sent to the room to fingerprint it or get an ID .
The case was lost and that was the end of it , " Bolden said .
On Nov. 2 , the president was about to leave the White House for Chicago and Bolden says a Cuban murder squad here was unaccounted for .
" The morning of the game , the special agent in charge of the Chicago office called the White House and recommended the president cancel his trip to Chicago , " Bolden said .
News reports stated that Kennedy did n't show because he was ill or because of a diplomatic crisis .
Official investigations of JFK never determined why the president canceled Chicago Nov. 2 .
But in his first interview in 44 years , Bolden said JFK stayed away because of an imminent threat .
Bolden said the president did n't come to Chicago because he was basically waved off by the Secret Service , and it was n't because he had a cold .
Information about Vallee , his similarity in appearance and background to Oswald and details of the Cuban hit squad in Chicago were never given to federal agents in Dallas .
Bolden said the information was not known to have been passed on to Dallas .
In a book that Bolden wrote with his wife , due out in the spring , he will cite another contributing factor in the JFK murder : on - duty drunkenness by Secret Service agents .
" I told the chief of the Secret Service this , that if anything happens , an emergency situation develops with President Kennedy , that their reflexes are going to be in a condition that they wo n't be in a condition to respond , and Dallas , Texas , proved I was right , " he said .
" The president 's life was in grave danger because of the inefficiency of security around him , too many weaknesses . "
" When that bullet struck the head of the president , it struck me too because I saw it coming , " Bolden said .
When the Warren Commission began investigating JFK's assassination , Bolden says , he attempted to inform members about the Chicago plot and misconduct by his fellow agents .
During that time Bolden was arrested and prosecuted for soliciting a bribe from a counterfeiter and served a six - year sentence .
He says it was a setup to silence him .
The main witness has since recanted , and Bolden hopes now to clear his name .
A spokesman for the Secret Service in Washington said that officials " would not have any comment whatsoever about Mr. Bolden 's statements . "
6pm
1pm
London
Here we go , after months of doubt over claims of a magnetic machine promising " infinite clean energy , " Steorn will be putting their wares on display for public scrutiny in London .
A physics defying perpetual machine , if you will .
Starting tomorrow , rumor has it that the Kinetica museum will host the Orbo device for a ten day long public demonstration of the technology .
We 're expecting a formal announcement at11 pm London ( 6 pm New York ) .
i Phone shmiPhone , this is going to be good . :
Still nothing from Steorn yet , but Irish RTE News has also " confirmed " the impending announcement .
Moreover , a " very simplified version " of the technology will be viewable by streaming media over the Intertubes .
So get ready kids , they say you 'll be able to watch janky video of a prototype " lifting a weight " from four different angles starting at 6 pmEastern Time .
Otherwise , you can view the device live at Kinetica from Thursday 5 July to Friday 13 July . :
First picture of the mystical device !
[ Thanks , Jordy ] : CEO Sean McCarthy tells SilconRepublic how it works .
Namely , the time variance in magnetic fields allows the Orbo platform to " consistently produce power , going against the law of conservation of energy which states that energy cannot be created or destroyed . "
He goes on to say " It 's too good to be true but it is true .
It will have such an impact on everything we do .
The only analogy I can give is if you had absolute proof that God was n't real . "
Whoa .
Link to demonstration site now added below . :
Well , 6 pm London time has come and gone .
However , Steorn 's site now says that the video will go live at 6 pm " Eastern Time . "
Apparently , their demo is aimed at the US .
A fossil - fuel Independence Day ?
Riiiiight . : Jeebus , what a non-event .
Even though they wield supreme control over the laws of physics , Steorn had to cancel tonight 's event " due to technical difficulties . "
We 'd laugh if it was n't so pathetically tragic .
The live stream is now rescheduled ambiguously to the 5th July .
Now move along folks , there 's nothing to see here .
[ Thanks , Obi N. and Jonathan G. ]
Read -- Kinetica museum ( not announced yet ) Read -- rumored announcement Read -- world 's first " free energy " live demo ( just not live yet -- hey is Orbo powering the London Eye ! )
By James Standley
Jonny Wilkinson 's kicks ensured England reached the final again
England ( 5 ) 14
Try : Lewsey
Pens : Wilkinson 2
Drop -goals : Wilkinson LewseyWilkinson 2 Wilkinson France ( 6 ) 9
Pens : Beauxis 3
Jonny Wilkinson landed two late kicks as the champions fought back to reach their second World Cup final in a row with a dramatic win over hosts France .
England took a second - minute lead through Josh Lewsey but two Lionel Beauxis penalties put France 6 - 5 up .
A penalty apiece from Beauxis and Jonny Wilkinson saw France lead 9 - 8 .
Wilkinson hit a post with a drop - goal attempt , but landed a penalty and drop - goal in the last five minutes to stun France and send England through .
The match started in explosive fashion as England took the lead after just 78 seconds .
Andy Gomarsall clipped a box - kick down the line and Damien Traille , usually a centre but playing out of position at full - back , dithered as the ball skittered along near the touchline .
When it popped up Traille momentarily slipped and Lewsey latched onto the ball before blasting over and through the Frenchman to score .
Wilkinson , whose kicking has been below par in France , missed the tricky conversion , with the ball snaking left of the posts as it has done all too often for the England 's fly - half 's satisfaction all tournament .
It was a stunning start for the champions but France were determined not to lose to England in the semi-finals twice in a row and they tried to hit back by playing with width and pace .
England , who beat Les Bleus 24 - 7 last time round , repelled a series of attacks before a large slice of luck helped France get on the board .
Beauxis tried a hugely ambitious drop - goal from near his own 10 m line which was partly charged down by the towering Simon Shaw .
Josh Lewsey put England into the lead inside the first two minutes
Serge Betsen picked up the loose ball and when England infringed at the ruck , fly - half Beauxis drilled over the penalty to make it 5 - 3 after seven minutes .
England then conceded a couple of penalties and threw in some mistakes as well to help France build some momentum .
And when the massive Andy Sheridan , so impressive in the quarter - final win against Australia , was penalised for not taking the bind at a scrum , Beauxis edged France into the lead .
With 21 - year - old Beauxis missing three long - range drop - goal attempts for the hosts and Wilkinson off target with a similar attempt for England , France were only a point clear at the break .
The hosts edged further ahead after 44 minutes through Beauxis ' third penalty after England again infringed at a ruck but the visitors soon hit back through Wilkinson 's boot .
Dan Hipkiss , on as a replacement for Lewsey after the Wasps man appeared to pull a hamstring , made a break to initiate a surging attack and when France fell offside Wilkinson landed his 50th World Cup penalty to make it 9 - 8 .
France brought on the mercurial Frederic Michalak with half an hour to go but his first contribution was to miss a drop - goal from right in front of the posts .
England came agonisingly close to going back into the lead after an hour but Wilkinson 's right - foot drop - goal came cannoning back off the woodwork .
France stopped Lewsey this time but the damage had been done
When France kicked the ball clear Jason Robinson beat four or five blue defenders on an electric run deep into French territory , but he was eventually halted and Phil Vickery was penalised at the resulting ruck to calm French nerves .
The let - off boosted French morale and after taking control territorially it took a tap tackle from replacement flanker Joe Worsley to prevent Vincent Clerc going over , with Sebastien Chabal eventually halted inches short from the winger 's pass .
England were struggling to get out of their half but they eventually turned the tide as the match entered the last 10 minutes .
Toby Flood missed with a poor drop - goal attempt for the champions but , when Dimitri Szarzewski was penalised for a high tackle on Robinson , Wilkinson stepped up .
His 75th - minute penalty put England back into the lead and the World Cup - winning hero of 2003 added a drop - goal three minutes later .
The hosts threw everything at the champions in a series of desperate late attacks , but Brian Ashton 's side held out to claim the chance to defend their title against either South Africa or Argentina in Paris next Saturday .
England : Robinson ; Sackey , Tait , Catt , Lewsey ; Wilkinson , Gomarsall ; Sheridan , Regan , Vickery ( capt ) , Shaw , Kay , Corry , Moody , Easter .
Replacements : Chuter , Stevens , Dallaglio , Worsley , Richards , Flood , Hipkiss .
France : Traille ; Clerc , Marty , Jauzion , Heymans ; Beauxis , Elissalde ; Milloud , Ibanez ( capt ) , De Villiers , Pelous , Thion , Betsen , Dusautoir , Bonnaire .
Replacements : Poux , Szarzewski , Chabal , Harinordoquy , Michalak , Dominici , Poitrenaud .
Referee : Jonathan Kaplan ( South Africa )
DUVANNY YAR , Russia ( Reuters ) - Sergei Zimov bends down , picks up a handful of treacly mud and holds it up to his nose .
It smells like a cow pat , but he knows better .
An aerial view shows thermokarst lakes outside the town of Chersky in northeast Siberia August 28 , 2007 .
For millennia , layers of animal waste and other organic matter left behind by the creatures that used to roam the Arctic tundra have been sealed inside the frozen permafrost .
Now climate change is thawing the permafrost and lifting this prehistoric ooze from suspended animation .
Zimov , a scientist who for almost 30 years has studied climate change in Russia 's Arctic , believes that as this organic matter becomes exposed to the air it will accelerate global warming faster than even some of the most pessimistic forecasts .
Picture taken August 28 , 2007 .
To match feature ARCTIC - RUSSIA / PERMAFROST REUTERS / Dmitry Solovyov
“ It smells like mammoth dung , ” he says .
This is more than just another symptom of global warming .
For millennia , layers of animal waste and other organic matter left behind by the creatures that used to roam the Arctic tundra have been sealed inside the frozen permafrost .
Now climate change is thawing the permafrost and lifting this prehistoric ooze from suspended animation .
But Zimov , a scientist who for almost 30 years has studied climate change in Russia ’s Arctic , believes that as this organic matter becomes exposed to the air it will accelerate global warming faster than even some of the most pessimistic forecasts .
“ This will lead to a type of global warming which will be impossible to stop , ” he said .
When the organic matter left behind by mammoths and other wildlife is exposed to the air by the thawing permafrost , his theory runs , microbes that have been dormant for thousands of years spring back into action .
As a by - product they emit carbon dioxide and -- even more damaging in terms of its impact on the climate -- methane gas .
According to Zimov , the microbes are going to start emitting these gases in enormous quantities .
Here in Yakutia , a region in the north - eastern corner of Siberia , the belt of permafrost containing the mammoth - era soil covers an area roughly the size of France and Germany combined .
There is even more of it elsewhere in Siberia .
“ The deposits of organic matter in these soils are so gigantic that they dwarf global oil reserves , ” Zimov said .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
U.S. government statistics show mankind emits about 7 billion tonnes of carbon a year .
“ Permafrost areas hold 500 billion tonnes of carbon , which can fast turn into greenhouse gases , ” Zimov said .
“ If you do n’t stop emissions of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere ... the Kyoto Protocol ( an international pact aimed at reducing greenhouse emissions ) will seem like childish prattle . ”
METHANE EMISSIONS
It might be easy to dismiss the 52 - year - old , with his beard and shock of wavy hair , as an alarmist crank .
But his theory is grabbing attention in the scientific community .
“ There ’s quite a bit of truth in it , ” Julian Murton , member of the International Permafrost Association , told Reuters .
“ The methane and carbon dioxide levels will increase as a result of permafrost degradation . ”
A United Nations report in June said there was at yet no sign of widespread melting of permafrost that could stoke global warming , but noted the potential threat .
“ Permafrost stores a lot of carbon , with upper permafrost layers estimated to contain more organic carbon than is currently contained in the atmosphere , ” the report said .
“ Permafrost thawing results in the release of this carbon in the form of greenhouse gases which will have a positive feedback effect to global warming . ”
CRACKS IN THE WALLS
Zimov is chief scientist at the Russian Academy of Science ’s North Eastern Scientific station , three plane rides and eight times zones away from Moscow .
At Duvanny Yar on the shores of the Kolyma River , the phenomenon that Zimov describes in speeches at scientific conferences can be seen first hand .
The steep - sided river bank , until now held up by permafrost , is collapsing as the ice melts .
Every few minutes , a thud can be heard as another wedge of soil and permafrost comes tumbling down , or a splash as a chunk falls into the river .
Nearby , Zimov points to an area so far unaffected by the melting -- a forest of larch trees with berries and mushrooms and covered with a soft cushion of moss and lichen .
Further down the slope though , the landscape is covered with trees toppled over as the soil disintegrates .
Brooks murmur down the slope carrying melted water .
Elsewhere , places that five or 10 years ago were empty tundra are now dotted with lakes -- a result of thawing permafrost .
These ‘ thermokarst ’ lakes bubble with methane , over 20 times more potent as a greenhouse gas than carbon dioxide .
The permafrost thaw affects those rare outposts where humans have settled .
In Chersky , a town of 3,000 people , apartment blocks have cracks running through their walls as the earth beneath them subsides .
Many have been demolished as unsafe .
So few people live in or visit this wilderness that the changing landscape on its own is unlikely to worry people on the other side of the world .
But Zimov warns that people everywhere should take notice , because within a few years , the knock - on effect of the permafrost melting in Siberia will be having a direct impact on their lives .
“ Siberia ’s landscape is changing , ” he said .
“ But in the end local problems of the north will inevitably turn into the problems of Russia ’s south , the Amazon region or Holland . ”
In a bizarre twist to the evolution wars , supporters of intelligent design are accusing the producers of a TV science documentary series of bringing religion into US classrooms .
The Discovery Institute , based in Seattle , Washington , alleges that teaching materials accompanying Judgment Day : Intelligent design on trial , broadcast on 13 November , encourage unconstitutional teaching practices .
The teaching package states : “ Q : Can you accept evolution and still believe in religion ?
A : Yes .
The common view that evolution is inherently anti-religious is simply false . ”
According to Casey Luskin , an attorney with the Discovery Institute , this answer favours one religious viewpoint , arguably violating the US constitution .
“ We ’re afraid that teachers might get sued , ” he says . …
Mike Huckabee , the latest
It Girl of the Republican presidential race , tells a hell of a story .
Let your guard down anywhere near the former Arkansas governor and he 'll pod you , Body Snatchers - style -- you 'll wake up drooling , your brain gone , riding a back seat on the bandwagon that suddenly has him charging toward the lead in the GOP race .
It almost happened to me a few months ago at a fundraiser in Great Falls , Virginia .
I 'd come to get my first up - close glimpse of the man Arkansans call Huck , about whom I knew very little -- beyond the fact that he was far behind in the polls and was said to be very religious .
In an impromptu address to a small crowd , Huckabee muttered some stay - the - course nonsense about Iraq and then , when he was finished , sought me out , apparently having been briefed beforehand that Rolling Stone was in the house .
" I 'm glad you 're here , " he told me .
" I finally get to tell someone who cares about Keith Richards . "
Before I could respond , Huckabee plowed into a long and very entertaining story -- one that included a surprisingly dead - on Pirates of the Caribbean - esque impersonation -- about how Richards and Ron Wood got pulled over for reckless driving while on tour in Fordyce , Arkansas , a million and a half years ago , in 1975 .
Richards ended up getting a misdemeanor conviction -- an injustice that stood for thirty - one years , until Huckabee , a would - be rock musician himself , stepped in and pardoned Richards last year .
" It 's a long process , pardoning , " Huckabee said , placing a hand on my shoulder .
" It takes a lot of paperwork .
And the funny thing is , people said to me afterwards , ' Governor , you 'll do that for Keith Richards , but you would n't do that for an ordinary person . '
And my answer to that is always , ' Hey , if you can play guitar like Keith Richards , I 'll consider pardoning you , too . ' "
Huckabee , who in recent years has lost 100 pounds , has the roundish , half - deflated physique of an ex-fatty .
With his button nose and never - waning smile , he looks slightly unreal , like an oversize Muppet .
I was so taken aback by his appearance that I checked his hands to make sure they had the right number of fingers .
After the Richards tale , he went on to tell me about the band he plays bass for , and how he has jammed with the likes of Percy Sledge and Grand Funk Railroad , and how he prefers John Entwistle to Flea 's slap - and - pop style of bass - playing .
Ten minutes later , driving away from the fund - raiser , I caught myself thinking :
Hey , this guy does n't seem like a total dickhead .
I can almost see him as president .
...
Then I woke up and did some homework that changed my mind .
But I confess :
It took a little while .
Huckabee is that good .
Ever since Huckabee turned in a dominating performance at a summit of Christian voters in Washington a few weeks ago , he has been riding a surge among likely Iowa voters ( he 's now second to Mitt Romney , and gaining ) .
The media , like me , have been charmed by their initial impression : " It 's hard not to like Mike Huckabee , " gushed Newsweek .
Even The Nation said he has " real charm . "
But all the attention on his salesmanship skills obscures the real significance of his rise within the Republican Party .
Mike Huckabee represents something that is either tremendously encouraging or deeply disturbing , depending on your point of view : a marriage of Christian fundamentalism with economic populism .
Rather than employing the patented Bush - Rove tactic of using abortion and gay rights to hoodwink low - income Christians into supporting patrician , pro-corporate policies , Huckabee is a bigger - government Republican who emphasizes prison reform and poverty relief .
In the world of GOP politics , he represents something entirely new -- a cross between John Edwards and Jerry Falwell , an ordained Southern Baptist preacher who actually seems to give a shit about the working poor .
But Huckabee is also something else : full - blown nuts , a Christian goofball of the highest order .
He believes the Earth may be only 6,000 years old , angrily rejects the evidence that human beings evolved from " primates " and thinks America would n't need so much Mexican labor if we allowed every aborted fetus to grow up and enter the workforce .
To top it off , Huckabee also left behind a record of ethical missteps in the swamp of Arkansas politics that make Whitewater seem like a jaywalking ticket .
All of which begs the question :
If this religious zealot 's rise represents the end of corporate dominance of the Republican Party , is that a good thing ?
Or is the real thing even worse than the fraud ?
On October 30th , fresh off new polls showing him gaining ground all over the country , Huckabee holds an informal round - table luncheon with reporters at a posh restaurant on the Hill called the Monocle .
This is the aristocrat political press , the esteemed Washington bureau reps of the big dailies and the newsweeklies , all white and mostly all in suits and silk ties .
It 's something of a coming - out party for Huckabee , who has put this thing together to give the Beltway big dogs a sniff of his surging newcomer ass .
The luncheon starts out friendly , with reporters tossing Huck softballs about his newfound momentum and his suddenly beefed - up war chest .
But once they run out of bullshit horse - race questions , they start in on him about his credentials as a right - winger .
One reporter asks how his support of the " fair tax " ( an alternative to the flat tax that some conservatives believe is skewed in favor of low - income Americans ) qualifies as conservative ; two others badger him about raising taxes to build roads in Arkansas ; and a third , remarkably , asks Huckabee if it 's proper for a conservative to even talk about poverty on the campaign trail .
What the press does n't understand is that Huckabee has changed the equation of party - specific orthodoxies .
A generation of GOP candidates have used the poor as a whipping - post stage prop , complaining about lazy , frantically copulating homeless fiends living in cars , fucking up the property values of Decent Folk .
Huck turns that rhetoric around by saying , " We should n't allow a child to live under a bridge or in the back seat of a car . "
It 's a brilliant innovation for a candidate like Huckabee , who recognizes that the only thing he has to lose by talking about poverty and high CEO salaries is the support of the big - money wing of his party -- something he does n't have anyway .
Choosing that strategy also allows Huckabee to do what no evangelical since Jimmy Carter has , which is talk about his faith in terms of sympathy for the underprivileged .
" You ca n't just say ' respect life ' exclusively in the gestation period , " he says .
Huckabee also edges openly into class politics , criticizing his own party for harping on the supposed success of the overall economy .
" The reality is , there are many families that really are working as hard or harder than they 've ever worked in their lives , and they 're not seeing that pay off , " he says .
For Huckabee , such lines are n't just lip service .
As governor of Arkansas , he outraged Republicans with his plan to expand health coverage for children , his embrace of refugees from Katrina and his support for subsidized higher education for the children of illegal immigrants .
Worse still , from a Republican standpoint , Huckabee showed little hesitation in raising taxes to pay for such programs -- one analysis claims that new taxes initiated during his tenure resulted in a net tax increase of $ 505 million .
Even Max Brantley , editor of the Arkansas Times and one of Huckabee 's most ferocious critics , concedes that the candidate 's populism is n't an act .
" I do n't question his sincerity on that , " he says of Huckabee , who , like Bill Clinton , grew up in modest circumstances .
" He identifies with ordinary people . "
Patrician conservatives of the Bush school are alarmed by Huckabee 's challenge to traditional Republican thinking .
" His record is really one of expanding government and raising taxes , " says Pat Toomey , president of the influential Club for Growth .
Adds conservative pollster Frank Luntz , " Huckabee has an anti-CEO message that resonates with small - business conservatives .
He 's the only Republican who regularly talks about Wall Street accountability . "
While a few Republicans have played with populist rhetoric in the past -- Pat Buchanan comes to mind -- it 's been ages since conservative voters had any viable alternatives to the soak - the - poor elitism of Newt Gingrich and George Bush .
But that may be changing .
Huckabee 's current surge on the national scene mirrors the rise during the 2006 midterm elections of so - called " Blue Dog " Democrats -- candidates like Indiana 's Brad Ellsworth and North Carolina 's Heath Shuler who helped unseat the Republican majority in Congress with a mix of populist economics and religious dogma .
" Huckabee 's exactly like the Blue Dogs , " says Brantley .
" They have the same message . "
Coupled with his apparent gift for wooing the star - fucking national media class , Huckabee 's seizure of political territory long claimed by the corporate right is what makes him so dangerous .
Because for all his political waffling in other areas -- Huckabee has flip - flopped on a host of earthly political issues , from taxes to local control of school boards -- he leaves absolutely no doubt about his commitment to religious wackohood .
George Bush and John Ashcroft were religious in a scary way , but the rational among us could always take heart that , deep down , the Bush administration was more cynical than messianic .
But it does n't take much exposure to Huckabee to see that this former understudy of a Texas televangelist is deadly serious about the God thing .
On the trail , Huckabee is most animated when he 's talking about religious issues .
In the first Republican debate in New Hampshire , Huckabee , apparently unaware that human beings are primates , responded to a question about evolution by saying , " If anybody wants to believe that they are the descendants of a primate , they are certainly welcome to do it . "
Huckabee gave an even more damning glimpse into his inner batshit self in a recent appearance at the Prestonwood Baptist Church near Dallas , where he told audiences that Christians are sitting in the pole position of the race to Armageddon .
" If you 're with Jesus Christ , we know how it turns out in the final moment , " he said .
" I 've read the last chapter in the book , and we do end up winning . "
Winning ?
I ask Huckabee when , exactly , he thinks victory will arrive .
" When I was eighteen , I thought I had it pretty well figured out , " he says .
" I thought the end of the world was coming at any moment . "
But when I ask how his views have changed , he says only that he is " less adamant now . "
Huckabee , with the wisdom of age , apparently believes we have at least a day or two left until the end of the world .
The troubling thing about Huckabee 's God rhetoric is that a man who is glad that Christians will " win " at Armageddon must be happy about the rest of us losing .
When I press him on whether he believes all non-Christians are eternally damned , Huckabee is evasive .
" Being president is n't about picking who goes to heaven and who goes to hell , " he says .
When none other than Bill O'Reilly hammered him on the same point a day later , Huckabee conceded that " I believe Jesus is the way to heaven . "
This God stuff is n't just talk with Huck .
One of his first acts as governor was to block Medicaid from funding an abortion for a mentally retarded teenager who had been raped by her stepfather -- an act in direct violation of federal law , which requires states to pay for abortions in cases of rape .
" The state did n't fund a single such abortion while Huckabee was governor , " says Dr. William Harrison of the Fayetteville Women 's Clinic .
" Zero . "
As president , Huck would support a constitutional amendment banning abortion and would give science a back seat to religion .
" Science changes with every generation and with new discoveries , and God does n't , " he says .
" So I 'll stick with God if the two are in conflict . "
Huckabee 's well - documented disdain for science was reflected in the performance of the Arkansas school system when he was governor ; one independent survey gave the state an F for its science standards in schools , a grade that among other things reflected Huckabee 's hostility toward the teaching of evolution .
Huckabee at most times is gentle and self - deprecating in his public address , but when he talks about religion , he gets weirdly combative and obnoxious , often drifting into outright offensiveness .
At one appearance , Huckabee -- who 's been known to make fart jokes in front of the state legislature -- said he would oppose gay marriage " until Moses comes down with two stone tablets from Brokeback Mountain saying he 's changed the rules . "
And he recently scored a rare offend trifecta , simultaneously pissing off immigrants , Jews and the pro-choice crowd when he ludicrously claimed that a " holocaust " of abortions had artificially created a demand for Mexican labor .
Huckabee also has a televangelist 's knack for getting caught with his fingers in various cookie jars .
In his first year as governor , Huck used a $ 60,000 taxpayer fund for personal expenses like dog food , pantyhose and meals at Taco Bell .
( One of his sons -- also a very heavy man , as his father was -- reportedly joked that " there 's not a Huckabee alive that can eat at Taco Bell for seven dollars . " )
The governor also tried to keep $ 70,000 in furnishings for the governor 's mansion supplied by a local cotton grower , and used inaugural funds to pay for clothes for his wife .
" Mike is first and foremost about Mike , " says Brantley .
" He 'll nickel - and - dime whoever he can to line his pockets . "
Huckabee has also been accused of paying himself as a consultant to his own senatorial campaign , allowing special interests to pay for airline tickets for his daughter , receiving a canoe from a Coke bottler and -- hilariously , if you 're wont to laugh at the sheer small - town gauche greediness of it all -- setting up a " wedding registry " at Target and Dillard 's department stores so citizens could lavish the Huckabees with gifts as they renewed their marriage vows .
The long list of desired goodies included twenty - four settings of Lenox " Holiday Nouveau " china , a Kitchen Aid mixer and a " Jack La Lanne power juicer . "
If you did n't want to pick out something yourself , the Huckabees were glad to take straight cash .
" Message from the couple , " the registry noted .
" Target GiftCards are welcome . "
Brantley suggests that a lot of this behavior stems from a Southern tradition of ponying up to the local preacher .
" If you 're the pastor of a church and you 've got a guy who owns a men 's clothing store , you expect the guy to give you a couple of new suits every year , " says Brantley .
" But Huckabee continued on like that as governor . "
The Arkansans I spoke with about Huckabee invariably describe him as thin - skinned and petty .
One evangelical Arkansas Republican who has worked in several GOP campaigns says a family member provided free services to Huckabee just as he had for other preachers , believing that he was helping out someone who was " doing the Lord 's work . "
But the extent of Huckabee 's gift - gouging , the man says , was unprecedented : " It 's never been understood that that 's what you do for politicians . "
So far , Huckabee 's greedy past has n't prevented him from surging in the polls .
Unlike the rest of the woefully underwhelming field of Republican candidates , Huckabee is a sincere , ideologically in - tune champion of a massive and frustrated conservative demographic .
The fact that he is succeeding in spite of his obvious and undisguised lunacy is a testament to the desperation of the voting public , which is so hungry for a candidate who actually responds to its needs that it may be willing to overlook extraordinary levels of kookiness .
That might also explain the stubbornly high levels of support for Ron Paul and Dennis Kucinich , who , though comparatively saner than Huckabee , have still been cast as the nutty uncles of the campaign 's interminable family drama .
Make no mistake , Huckabee can win this thing .
None of his four main rivals -- Rudy Giuliani , Mitt Romney , Fred Thompson and John McCain -- can claim to represent the Christian right .
His biggest problem is money : Apart from a few prominent bundlers culled from the ranks of Arkansas - based Wal - Mart , Huck has largely been ignored by the big - money players in his own party .
But even here he is steadily gaining :
After raising $ 6,000 a day in the first quarter , he is now racking up $ 30,000 a day , much of it from small donors .
That money could enable Huckabee to compete hard in Iowa , New Hampshire and South Carolina , where his relentless God-humping figures to score big at the polls .
" We 've got to do well in the early primaries , " he says .
" If we do , there 'll be a total upheaval of the process . "
When Huckabee talks like this , he sounds like what he is -- the Howard Dean of the Republican Party , an insurgent candidate who shot toward the top by appealing to a disaffected base .
But Dean , who ended up stumbling out of Iowa with his balls stuffed in his mouth , learned the hard way that populist campaigns have a way of imploding under the glare of the modern campaign process .
Which means : Charm only goes so far if you 're full - bore nuts .
Huckabee may be able to get away with saying he's not a primate , but he'd better not scream it .
_______
About author I 'm a political reporter for Rolling Stone magazine , a sports columnist for Men 's Journal , and I also write books for a Random House imprint called Spiegel and Grau .
My main ambition in life is to someday strangle that chick in the Progressive Insurance commercials who is always waving her hands back and forth and screaming , " Discount ! ! ! "
Anyone who has suggestions for how to dump her body without being caught is welcome to write to me .
I already have plenty of plastic and a staple - gun .
At the GOP debate the other night , Mike Huckabee made an odd claim .
" When our founding fathers put their signatures on the Declaration of Independence , those 56 brave people , most of whom , by the way , were clergymen , they said that we have certain inalienable rights given to us by our creator . "
" Most " of the signers were clergy ?
Is that true ?
Actually , no .
Only one of the 56 was an active clergyman , and that was John Witherspoon .
Witherspoon was a Presbyterian minister and president of the College of New Jersey ( now Princeton University ) .
A few more of the signers were former clergymen , though it 's a little unclear just how many ....
We 'd like to give Huckabee every benefit of the doubt , but even if you consider former clergymen among the signers the best you could come up with is four .
Out of 56 .
That 's not " most , " that 's Pants - on - Fire wrong .
It 's a common problem at the Republican debates -- why let facts get in the way of a perfectly good soundbite ?
By DAVID DERBYSHIRE
Last updated at 12:26 17 July 2007
It sounds like the perfect invention for all those couch potatoes who find even using a remote control just a little too much like hard work .
Scientists have come up with a box that lets television viewers change channels , switch on the DVD player or switch off an irritating presenter with the wave of a hand .
The controller 's built - in camera can recognise seven simple hand gestures and work with up to eight different gadgets around the home .
Scroll down for more ...
Not only will it be a godsend for lazy viewers , it could also save hours of fruitless scrabbling among the sofa in search of the remote control .
The all - seeing wave controller is the brainchild of Australian engineers Dr Prashan Premaratne and Quang Nguyen .
They believe it could be on sale within three years , ending the frustration involved in finding and using remote controls .
Dr Premaratne , of the University of Wollongong , said : " We all rely on remote controls to manage an increasing number of items including TVs , set - top boxes , DVDs and hi-fis , and the range of goods will continue to increase .
" Apart from the frustration of sometimes mislaying the remote control just when you need it , they do tend to have different sets of commands which have to be mastered .
" People have tried to replace remote controls with voice recognition or glove - based devices but with mixed results . "
The device is designed to sit on a shelf or table which has a clear line of sight to the television and the owner .
Its software recognises simple , deliberate hand gestures and then sends the appropriate signal to a universal remote control , designed to work with most makes of television , video recorder , DVD player , hi- fi and digital set - top box .
In tests , published in the Institution of Engineering and Technology 's Computer Vision Research Journal , a prototype worked in all kinds of lighting , and at a range of distances .
It was able to switch equipment on and off , alter the volume , change channels , play and stop .
Dr Premaratne says anyone can learn the gestures within five minutes .
One is used to tell the device which item you want to switch on or adjust .
A clenched fist means " start " , an outstretched hand with closed fingers means " power on " , a thumbs - up sign means " up " and a sideways victory sign means " channel " .
Crucially for anyone with small children , pets or gesticulating family members , the software can distinguish between real commands and unintentional gestures .
The team has started work on making the gadget small enough to be built in to televisions or other devices .
They also want to adapt it for use with computer games consoles .
Dr Premaratne said : " Normal game consoles rely on pressing series of buttons to get commands .
" Hand gestures can replace those button presses and the gaming experience will be truly revolutionized . "
Two months before September 11 Osama bin Laden flew to Dubai for 10 days for treatment at the American hospital , where he was visited by the local CIA agent , according to the French newspaper Le Figaro .
The disclosures are known to come from French intelligence which is keen to reveal the ambiguous role of the CIA , and to restrain Washington from extending the war to Iraq and elsewhere .
Bin Laden is reported to have arrived in Dubai on July 4 from Quetta in Pakistan with his own personal doctor , nurse and four bodyguards , to be treated in the urology department .
While there he was visited by several members of his family and Saudi personalities , and the CIA .
The CIA chief was seen in the lift , on his way to see Bin Laden , and later , it is alleged , boasted to friends about his contact .
He was recalled to Washington soon afterwards .
Intelligence sources say that another CIA agent was also present ; and that Bin Laden was also visited by Prince Turki al Faisal , then head of Saudi intelligence , who had long had links with the Taliban , and Bin Laden .
Soon afterwards Turki resigned , and more recently he has publicly attacked him in an open letter : " You are a rotten seed , like the son of Noah " .
The American hospital in Dubai emphatically denied that Bin Laden was a patient there .
Washington last night also denied the story .
Private planes owned by rich princes in the Gulf fly frequently between Quetta and the Emirates , often on luxurious " hunting trips " in territories sympathetic to Bin Laden .
Other sources confirm that these hunting trips have provided opportunities for Saudi contacts with the Taliban and terrorists , since they first began in 1994 .
Bin Laden has often been reported to be in poor health .
Some accounts claim that he is suffering from Hepatitis C , and can expect to live for only two more years .
According to Le Figaro , last year he ordered a mobile dialysis machine to be delivered to his base at Kandahar in Afghanistan .
Whether the allegations about the Dubai meeting are confirmed or not , the wider leaks from the French secret service throw a worrying light on the rivalries and lack of coordination between intelligence agencies , both within the US and between western allies .
A familiar complaint of French intelligence is that collaboration with the Americans has been essentially one - way , with them happy to receive information while giving little in return .
UPDATE : According to a comment on digg , gmailupgrades.com has been taken down .
Important FYI update for any Gmail users .
If you receive the following email in your Gmail account , do not follow the embedded link .
With the recent announcement of Google paid Google storage upgrades , the following phishing emails will undoubtedly become more and more the norm .
Dear Gmail customer
From now if you need more than 2 GB of space use this invitation and upgrade your account to 100 GB of space also you can register one free domain name via this invitation
your account upgrade will done after 24 hours
your invitation code is : http://gmailupgrades.com/Gmail-Account-Upgrade/…/
Thank You
Gmail Support Department
The email From : address is gmail-noreply@google.com .
However , the “ Mailed - by : ” domain is marauder.websitewelcome.com .
The link redirects to a website which looks very much like Gmail .
If did follow the link and entered your Google Account username and password , immediately visit Google ’s Account Management [ google.com/accounts/ManageAccount ] to change your password .
[ Digg this ]
Business Email Solutions
Do n’t get yourself stuck in an email scam , make sure to use secure email hosting for your business .
There are many exchange outsourcing options out there , but only one email option really beats the competition , and that ’s intermedia.com .
The idea seemed like an obvious next step for profiting from online social networks : advertisements displayed on the side of individual Facebook home pages using pictures and names of friends to promote products .
For example , an ad for Blockbuster would hype that your friend " Meghan Marks gave a four - star rating to the movie ' Top Gun . ' "
Have n't seen it ?
Well , if Meghan likes it , perhaps you should rent it tonight .
But Facebook 's new ad scheme has hit a snag – it might be illegal .
A century - old New York privacy law bans advertisers from using anyone 's name or picture without written consent .
Running such an ad in the Empire State is a criminal misdemeanor , says William McGeveran , a law professor at the University of Minnesota in Minneapolis .
The situation points to a larger question many dotcoms are now facing :
Since websites can be displayed on screens anywhere in the world , does that mean they are beholden to the laws in every state and every country ?
" When you put anything up online , you 're not just sending it to New Jersey or to Australia .
You 're sending it everywhere , " says Professor McGeveran .
" It can be seen in countries with different ideas about speech and privacy – countries that do n't have the First Amendment . "
Applying existing laws to the Internet is a murky business .
For years , courts and lawyers have questioned whether copyright laws written for the physical world should carry the same weight in the digital world , where duplicating products takes only the click of a mouse .
But sorting out which laws govern online activities could prove even more difficult , Internet experts say .
After all , how do you draw jurisdictions for something called the " World Wide Web " ?
Facebook.com is based in California , and the data for those social ads can fly through wires in a dozen states before they reach your computer in New York .
So which states ' laws apply ?
Facebook argues that it 's none of the above .
Because its content crosses many state borders , the site is protected from local rules by the US Constitution 's Commerce Clause , says Chris Kelly , Facebook 's chief privacy officer .
" State laws are n't supposed to interfere with interstate commerce , " he says .
That 's the domain of federal law .
Mr. Kelly assures that Facebook will address New York 's concerns by making it clear to users that certain online actions they take would allow the site to use their faces in advertisements .
But whose rules govern US websites in other countries ?
There 's no international equivalent to the Commerce Clause , so foreign judges apply local law .
Such a ruling caused a YouTube blackout in many parts of Brazil earlier this year .
Supermodel Daniela Cicarelli sued the American video - sharing site in a Brazilian court , claiming that a steamy clip of her and banker Renato Malzoni that had popped up on the user - driven site violated her privacy .
A court ordered YouTube to prevent the popular video from reaching computers in Brazil and demanded that some Internet providers block access to the entire website until YouTube could put an effective filter in place for that one video .
" There is no way to stop a similar lawsuit in the future , " says Mia Garlick , product counsel for YouTube .
" Different countries have different standards for privacy ....
And it 's obvious that you can't be on top of all the laws . "
In June , YouTube took a step toward mediating the problem by rolling out localized versions of the site .
There are now 18 different YouTubes , including one for Mexico , several in Europe , and a Brazilian edition .
Each is translated into the local language and tailored to reflect the countries ' attitudes on privacy , copyright , and decency , Ms. Garlick says .
For example , the Taiwanese YouTube , which opened last month , has a broader definition of what 's racy or violent and locks such videos behind an age - restricted part of the website , she says .
" Anytime a company has a major presence in another country , they should open a local site , " says Ian Ballon , an Internet law expert who works with companies to develop international strategies .
But taking that step can be a hard sell for small Internet start - ups , and for some large companies as well , he says .
" In 1999 , I walked through these ideas with the general counsel of a substantial software company , " Mr. Ballon says .
" He looked at me and said , ' That 's ridiculous . '
Now , a number of lawsuits means that that attitude has subsided a bit , but there is still that cowboy mentality . "
Even localized sites are n't perfect .
They can't protect companies from lawsuits , because foreign users can still enter the US version .
For example :
In France , where it is illegal to sell Nazi memorabilia , Yahoo's French marketplace blocked them .
But French users could simply buy them on the American site instead .
After a lawsuit in 2000 , a French judge ordered that Yahoo prevent all access to race - hate memorabilia in France – regardless of where it appeared .
" Geofilters " on some Web pages , particularly shopping sites , try to block foreign users , but the filters are easy to fool .
In 2004 , Dow Jones settled a $ 400,000 defamation case by Australian businessman Joseph Gutnick , who sued after a 2000 Barron 's Online article linked him to a convicted money launderer .
Since the New Jersey - based website broadcast the offending article around the world , Australia 's High Court unanimously agreed that Mr. Gutnick could sue under Australia 's more stringent libel laws .
More notoriously , when Google launched its Chinese - specific search engine , it agreed to censor certain terms in order to appease Beijing .
When users of google .cn look up " Falun Gong " or " Tiananmen Square , " they find very carefully worded websites .
The company argues that it 's better to offer a partial portal than none at all .
Perhaps the biggest challenge for Internet companies today is how to manage their sites in China .
Government servers block unauthorized Web pages , and companies wishing to start a localized Chinese version often must make concessions .
On Nov. 13 , Yahoo settled a lawsuit brought by the families of two journalists who were jailed in China .
The case accused Yahoo of illegally aiding the Chinese government in arresting the reporters by handing over information that led to their arrest – and alleged torture .
But what happens the next time a foreign government demands data from a website ?
Should the company break local laws to protect their users and morals ?
" That 's a question business schools are n't asking enough , " says Peter Navarro , a business professor at the University of California , Irvine , and author of " The Coming China Wars . "
" Executives , now more than ever , need to answer a range of tough ethical questions , and more universities need to help students think through the problems – to understand where lines should be drawn . "
Overview
Throughout our lives , there are moments that change us forever .
Getting married , the birth of a child , moving into a new home , and more .
SentrySafe knows that along with those moments come keepsakes you cherish and important financial documents you need to save .
SentrySafe Document Safes keep your paperwork and personal items organized and protected from peril .
HIRIYA , Israel —
It is rare in Israel for leaders to have a site named for them while they are still alive .
It is more bizarre for the object of dedication to be a colossal garbage dump , for decades the country ’s most conspicuous — and smelliest — eyesore .
But on Oct. 28 , in the hazy light of afternoon , Israel ’s president , prime minister , senior politicians , mayors and business leaders plan to gather on this flat - topped brown mound , known as Hiriya , on the outskirts of Tel Aviv , just by Ben-Gurion International Airport , and name it the Ariel Sharon Park .
This is an unusual yet fitting honor for Mr. Sharon , the iconoclastic soldier and statesman , farmer and former prime minister who suffered a crippling stroke in January 2006 .
Mr. Sharon , known familiarly as the Bulldozer , still lies in a coma in a hospital just visible from the top of the dump .
Ensuring that Hiriya and the flat flood lands around it would be reclaimed as open green space for the residents of southern Tel Aviv , rather than falling into the hands of eager real estate developers , was one of the last and lesser known battles fought by Mr. Sharon .
“ It was very important to him that they would n’t build there , ” said Omri Sharon , his older son .
“ It was very close to his heart . ”
( CNN ) -- New Jersey lawmakers have voted to abolish the death penalty in the state , sending the governor a bill he has already said he will sign .
The measure will make New Jersey the first state in more than 40 years to outlaw capital punishment .
New Jersey Gov. Jon Corzine , in a file photo , has said he 'll sign the bill abolishing the death penalty .
The bill will make life in prison the most severe penalty for convicted murderers in the state , including the eight men currently on the state 's death row .
New Jersey has not put anyone to death since 1963 , according to the Death Penalty Information Center .
The state Assembly approved the measure 44 - 36 Thursday , following up Monday 's 21 - 16 approval in the state Senate .
A spokesman for Democratic Gov. Jon Corzine said the bill probably will be signed into law within a few days , after the exact text is reviewed closely .
" The governor has said for quite some time that he supports the bill , " said spokesman Jim Gardner .
No Death Penalty Alaska
Hawaii
Iowa
Maine
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
New York
North Dakota
Rhode Island
Vermont
West Virginia
Wisconsin
( District of Columbia )
Source : Amnesty International
The bill was introduced in November , after a state commission concluded capital punishment does not prevent violent crime , and could lead to innocent people being executed .
Some Republicans had argued police killers and terrorists should still be eligible for execution , but Democrats , who control both houses , backed the change .
" This vote marks a new chapter in our nation 's 30 - year experiment with capital punishment , " said Richard Dieter , executive director of the Death Penalty Information Center , which opposes executions .
" New Jersey lawmakers are demonstrating sound judgment in abandoning capital punishment after learning of its costs , the pain it causes victims ' families , and the risks the death penalty poses to innocent lives . "
The Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty in 1976 , and nearly 1,100 people have since been put to death .
Capital punishment is used by 37 states , most using lethal injection of chemicals .
Electrocution , the gas chamber , hanging , and the firing squad are still on the books in some states .
Do n't Miss Florida court ruling puts executions back on calendar
Florida court ruling puts executions back on calendar Execution stayed amid injection concerns
The most recent execution in the United States took place September 25 in Texas .
A de facto moratorium has been in place since the Supreme Court decided to review lethal injection procedures used on the majority of capital defendants .
Oral arguments in the case will be held January 7 and , depending on how the high court rules , executions could be postponed indefinitely .
The last states to ban the death penalty were West Virginia and Iowa in 1965 .
Among those on death row in New Jersey is Jesse Timmendequas , whose murder of 7 - year - old Megan Kanka in 1994 led to reforms in tracking sex offenders .
The state 's Megan 's Law requires local law enforcement agencies to give notification when convicted sex offenders live or work in neighborhoods .
E-mail to a friend
CNN 's Mythili Rao contributed to this report .
All About Capital Punishment • Criminal Sentencing and Punishment • New Jersey
The formation of long - term memory in fruit flies can be demonstrated by the influx of calcium into cells called mushroom body neurons that occurs after special training that includes periods of rest , said researchers from Baylor College of Medicine ( BCM ) in a report that appears in the current issue of the journal Neuron .
" We have strong evidence that this is really a molecular change that is involved in long - term memory , " said Dr. Ronald Davis , professor of molecular and cellular biology at BCM .
" This appears to be an authentic memory trace for long - term memory . "
Davis and his colleagues used spaced training to teach the flies to associate an odor with a mild electric shock .
This method gives the fly a training trial , then a rest and then another trial .
The rest is critical in inducing long - term memory that can last days .
In this study , the five spaced trials produced a memory that lasted for more than a day .
They then used a technique called " functional imaging " to see when the memory formed in the fly ’s brain .
" Before training , we could see some calcium flowing into the mushroom body neurons when the flies were exposed to odor , " said Davis .
When they exposed the fruit flies or Drosophila to the odor 24 hours after spaced training , they saw much more calcium flowing into the mushroom body neurons .
The increased calcium influx paralleled the long - term memory of the flies .
Using special laboratory techniques , he and others in the lab showed that they could block the calcium influx by blocking the function of a protein critical to making the new synapses associated with long - term memory .
Source : Baylor College of Medicine
Could microbes help extract the methane from oil sands ?
A report in Nature has shown how crude oil in deposits around the world is naturally broken down by microbes to methane .
Scientists say that increasing microbe activity would produce a more energy - efficient method of methane recovery .
It is likely field tests will start by 2009 .
The ability to recover methane directly from deeply buried oil reserves means energy - intensive and thermal polluting processes are removed .
But methods like injecting steam into the reservoirs to heat and loosen the heavy viscous oil , so it can be pumped to the surface , are no longer needed say the authors of the Nature report .
" The main thing is you'd be recovering a much cleaner fuel , " says co-author Steve Larter , a petroleum geologist from the University of Calgary .
" Methane is , per energy unit , a much lower carbon dioxide emitter than bitumen .
Also , you would n't need all the upgrading facilities and piping on the surface . "
Co-author Martin Jones , from the University of Newcastle , told the BBC News website that recovering methane from microbe biodegradation could also be used in exhausted oil fields : " Typically more then half of the oil that is in the reservoir is left there after the field is exhausted .
In cases where they can't get the oil out economically , then they could convert it to gas . "
Eating oil
The scientists found that the main process of crude oil biodegradation occurs by anaerobic bacteria - those which live and grow in the absence of oxygen - and that this produces methane .
These microbes exist in oil reservoirs to a depth of 2 km and a temperature of 80C .
The trick would be to speed up that process from geological time to a human time - scale
Martin Jones , University of Newcastle
This process occurs via an intermediate separate family of bacteria that produce carbon dioxide and hydrogen from partly degraded oil , prior to it being turned into methane .
The researchers also suggest that CO2 could be recycled as fuel in a closed - loop energy system once captured as methane , helping to prevent further CO2 release into the atmosphere .
Increased activity
To accelerate the breaking down of oil into methane the scientists suggest feeding the microbes with fertilisers .
These would include phosphorus , which is a limiting nutrient , as well as some vitamins .
" The micro-organisms eat the oil , so there is plenty of food there , it is just the other smaller nutrients that would be needed to get them to grow quicker , " Martin Jones told the BBC News website .
He added : " One of the things the studies showed is that when you degrade oil under methanogenic conditions in the laboratory , the patterns of hydrocarbon degradation are exactly the same as what you see in reservoir degraded oils world - wide .
So the trick would be to speed up that process from geological time to a human time - scale . "
To listen the full interviews in MP3 , click here and here .
See video here .
out amongst the stars , says Dr. Alan Goldstein .
We will create them in our own laboratories .
Goldstein is a professor of bio-materials at Alfred University ( currently on leave ) .
He writes about nanotechnology and biotechnology for Salon and other publications .
Goldstein recently conceived of The A - Prize , which is “ awarded to the person or organization responsible for creating an Animat / Artificial lifeform with an emphasis on the safety of the researchers , public , and environment OR the person or organization who shows that an Animat / Artificial life form has been created . "
Goldstein 's concept has been brought to life under the sponsorship of The Lifeboat Foundation .
So if you know about any Artificial Life forms , you can now win $ 26,300 .
( Or you may want to hold out until the cash winnings increase . ) I interviewed Dr. Goldstein over two episodes of NeoFiles You 've convinced the Lifeboat Foundation to offer an A - prize for creating an " Animat " — or as I read it — for noticing that one exists .
So what 's an Animat and why are you offering a prize for making one ?
Well ,
The X Prize was offered to induce people to achieve space flight .
The capitalist concept is that private enterprise can do it better and more cheaply than the government .
But there was another purpose – to make people consider the possibility that going into space was n't actually that hard .
Private people and private companies could get it together and make a vehicle and get into space .
So we designed the A - Prize to make people aware that creating synthetic lifeforms is not that hard either .
Many people in many labs are working on it right now , and it will probably occur in the near future .
So the A - Prize is broken up into two parts .
You can win the A - Prize by being the first person or scientific group to invent a synthetic lifeform , or you can win the A - Prize by blowing the whistle on a person or group that has invented a synthetic lifeform .
Many researches are afraid to be associated with the creation of a synthetic lifeform .
So they might be making it , but they 're not going to tell you .
It could go unnoticed , and it probably will go unnoticed .
And by your definition , an Animat is an artificial organism .
In the article " I , Nanobot " , I define lifeforms .
And the central idea there is that a lifeform is any entity capable of executing a sequence of chemical or physical activities that result in the perpetuation or propagation of itself .
Why bother to define the difference between a biological lifeform and an artificial lifeform ?
So we will know one when we see one .
It 's like SETI , right ?
We 're scanning outer space for signs of intelligent life , but who 's scanning inner space ?
Who 's watching for the invention of the first self - replicating , non-biological molecule ?
The answer is : no one .
So the person who invents it might report it and they might not report it .
If it 's invented inside of a bio - defense laboratory , they probably wo n't report it .
There are two things — there 's secrecy , and there 's also the possibility that somebody might not even think of it in those terms , and you think it 's important enough to ... Exactly !
They 're not looking for it .
So it 's really very simple .
If you can accomplish everything you need to accomplish to go through your life cycle and the information for all of your activities can be stored in DNA and / or RNA , you are biological .
In other words , if all of the code for your life processes can be stored in DNA — our genetic material – or RNA , the genetic material for some viruses and other organisms ... you 're biological .
If you use any other form of chemistry to get through your life cycle , even one step of your life cycle , then you 're something that has not been on earth for four billion years .
You know , most people think that DNA is the basis of life .
In my opinion , that 's not the correct way to look at it .
DNA is the chemical programming language that evolution selected , so it 's a chemical programming language that biological life forms use to replicate .
But there 's nothing special about DNA .
It just won that particular evolutionary race .
In the A - Prize statement , you write , " Considerable advancement in synthetic biology has been made recently . "
Can you point at anything particularly ?
In Berkeley last year , there was a synthetic biology meeting .
It was called Synthetic Biology 2.0 .
Now , Synthetic Biology is supposed to be where we build biological life forms from the ground up .
So we make the DNA .
We make the genome , essentially — one base at a time .
It 's synthetic because we build it one molecule at a time , but in the end , we have a biological lifeform that works the way biological lifeforms ( like us ) do .
But if you go to the website for Synthetic Biology , you will see that their logo is a single bacteria cell full of lasers and nano - wires and all kinds of synthetic , non-biological materials .
So they 've already violated their own definition in their logo .
These people are so confused that they do n't even know what they 're talking about now !
Let 's back up a bit .
The first discussions of Artificial Life that I was aware of popped up in the late 1980s .
And at that time , people were really talking about stuff that was happening digitally on computers .
They were talking about digital stuff that could imitate the way life evolves .
That 's the key to the problem !
Nearly all the people interested in artificial and synthetic life come out of systems engineering and AI research .
They do n't understand that it 's about the chemistry .
Again , biological life is not based on DNA .
DNA is just a particular chemical programming language that we happen to use .
So when other chemical programming languages become available for replication , we will have non-biological lifeforms .
And a non-biological lifeform , as I define it , is an artificial lifeform .
Or an alien lifeform – we 're actually talking about creating an alien lifeform .
So the first alien lifeform will not come from the stars , right ?
It will come from ourselves .
We will make it !
Imagine that I create a self - replicating silicon molecule that is a clot buster .
It works just like some of the blood thinners that people take , but it is self - catalytic .
When it binds to a biomolecule , it assumes a replicative form and makes a copy of itself .
So it can be only one molecule — 45 atoms .
But because it is self - replicating , it 's a silicon - based life form .
So if you 're only interested in systems , in things that are complex enough to be AI , the fact that a self - replicating molecular entity that is not biological is a lifeform would slip right by you !
You would n't even notice it .
Why would you ?
You 're not looking for it .
The people behind the X Prize offered the prize because they actually want people to build vehicles that will go into space .
Is the A - Prize really about raising public awareness or are you actually interested in seeing somebody create an Animat ?
It 's inexorable .
Artificial life forms will be generated .
People are working on them right now .
So the question is , should they be generated in secret ?
Should they be generated randomly ?
Should they be generated by whoever has enough money to generate them ?
Or should we formulate an organized , coherent set of definitions and guidelines , and work within those , just like we did with recombinant DNA ?
I 'm not against this research — I do this research .
But it needs to be regulated .
And right now , it is completely unregulated .
Well , why do you do the research ?
What can be accomplished by Animats ?
Well , it 's just another form of chemistry , right ?
Until it begins to self - replicate , it 's just an interesting way to build things .
Molecular manufacturing and molecular self - assembly are the manufacturing systems of the future .
There is a new industrial revolution coming – the molecular manufacturing revolution .
And if we do n't get on board , someone else will do it .
It 's not going to go away because America does n't participate or because Alan Goldstein does n't participate .
So you 're basically talking about the same sorts of promises and dangers that people have been talking about in terms of nanotechnology .
Nanotechnology has become a completely meaningless term .
What is really happening now is molecular engineering .
Well , that 's what Eric Drexler meant by nanotechnology .
I advise calling it what it is : molecular engineering .
And if you start mixing molecules from living organisms with molecules from non-living organisms , you create molecular hybrid entities .
And if these things have the ability to self - replicate , what have you made ?
And if we do n't have a set of definition , what do we even call it ?
One prize is for creating a safe Animat .
How can you tell ?
The purpose of the A - Prize Is to draw attention to this question and then develop coherent guidelines under which to proceed .
I was on the National Research Council Committee that reviewed the National Nanotechnology Initiative .
It was a Congressionally mandated review of our government 's nanotech program .
We published the report on December 8 .
It became public property and sank without a trace .
And one of the reasons why it sank is that it was completely sanitized .
If you look at the section called " Responsible Development , " it 's just a bunch of fluff .
There 's nothing in there .
All of the hard recommendations that I made essentially got lost in the editing process .
The bottom line is that molecular engineering is viewed by many as the next industrial revolution .
So to certain people in government and in industry , responsible development of nanotechnology means we can't afford to lose the nanotechnology war .
We ca n't let China beat us to the next industrial revolution .
We ca n't let Korea beat us to the next industrial revolution .
If we get beaten , we 're irresponsible .
We 've lost our leadership .
That 's what responsible development means to these people .
They 're not worried about safety .
In their minds , chemical safety plus biotechnology safety equals nanotechnology safety .
But that 's not true .
So why is this development a threat to life ?
Because the behavior of an entity that is capable of using non-biological mechanisms of replication can't be predicted .
We have experience with biohazards , which are biological organisms that are dangerous .
And we have experience with chemical hazards .
But we have no experience with Animats .
So it 's the apex of hubris for us to sit here and say , " Well , we know how this thing 's going to behave . "
Because we have no bloody idea how this thing 's going to behave .
Do you have a vision of how things could go awry ?
There seem to be many science fictional possibilities .
No , no — it can be very simple .
For example , the most probable scenario is a viral nano - biotech weapon that goes out of control .
Imagine a viral weapon that has added to it the capability to coat itself with diatom - like silica structures that would make it highly aerosolizable , and then to disperse it .
And then , make it also highly resistant to chemical corrosion – to digestive acids .
We 've never seen a virus that can coat itself in spiky glass nano - particles .
And no matter what anybody says inside the government or in industry , we do n't know how to deal with that .
And yet , that could be made — right here , right now .
A large enough facility – a major pharmaceutical company or DARPA or the DOD could make it right now if they wanted to .
Say I get an animat — what advantages might I wind up having ?
These synthetic forms of chemistry — the products of nanotechnology , if you want — will start off as therapies that let you live longer and healthier .
But once these forms of chemistry are in your body , they can talk to your body in the language of chemistry .
And they can learn .
I mean , with genetically modified crops , people fear that the DNA we put in is going to learn a new trick .
And the people that make GMOs say , " No , we taught this gene .
This gene is only like a gene that 's in the second grade . "
Or , " This gene has been intentionally blinded .
" The bottom line is that DNA is a smart molecule .
It 's a smart material .
It is capable of talking to the rest of the DNA , and talking to protein and other molecules in the cell , and maybe learning new things .
With DNA we call that a mutation .
So aside from getting rid of blood clots , suppose I wanted to make something really strange and amazing happen inside my body .
Is there any potential there that you can think of ?
Can I grow a third arm ?
You know , I talked to a guy from UCSF that 's doing what 's called deep brain stimulation .
They put electrodes deep inside your brain .
And he 's a wonderful person who is helping people that are in a lot of pain .
But if they put electrical stimulation in the wrong place , then you can get other effects .
Maybe you can induce depression or make someone hyperactive .
Maybe if they put it in the right place , you could have a perpetual orgasm .
Once we learn where these connections are , we wo n't want to do anything as crude as putting electrodes in there .
We will want to go in and bridge these circuits with carbon nanotubes or something like that .
Right now you can tailor carbon nano - tubes to specifically block certain types of ion channels in the cell .
How do you get that into the brain ?
You can have people breath it .
Or you put in genes that will encode the bio-synthesis of carbon nano - tubes , which I 'm sure will be happening in the near future .
Now , think about a bio - weapon that 's a combination of nano / bio material .
It gets into your body and the first thing it does is it runs a quick PCR assay on your DNA .
It checks out genotype — finds out your ethnicity .
If you have one of its targeted ethnicities , it releases carbon nano - tubes that block the neurotransmitter ion channels in the pacemaker cells of your heart .
Bang .
Instant heart attack .
And our body does n't know what to do with carbon nano - tubes .
We have no natural defense against it .
They 're too big to be taken up by macrophages .
If you have n't seen them before , you wo n't have antibodies against them .
So this could be put into an aerosol spray … .
Right .
Then you put the silicon coating on the surface ... Then it just gets all the white people or all the Arabs or whatever … Yeah .
Exactly .
How about a bio - nanotech weapon that just makes your enemy so suicidally depressed they kill themselves ?
I think it 's called " American Idol .
" Given the enormous potential for controlling the chemistry of biology with non-biological chemistry , it 's inconceivable that people will not build these things .
I thought it was kind of funny that Stewart Brand 's Long Now Foundation sponsored a lecture by Vernor Vinge titled " What if the Singularity Does n't Happen ? "
And 99 % of the American people probably do n't know what the fuck the singularity is and then a substantial segment of the scientific community thinks its bullshit .
But for this one group , it 's like a total stretch to imagine that it might not happen .
The only Singularity that matters is the carbon barrier .
Do you know what Ray Kurzweil 's biggest problem is ?
That he blinks his eyes when he speaks …
He still can't get outside the box enough to stop thinking like a human .
And his Singularity is based on the idea that , even though we are no longer human beings , we will still want human things .
That 's a mistake .
As we become more integrated with our technology , our psychology is going to change .
So the idea that humans as we know them are going to hang around long enough for his type of Singularity to occur is specious .
The real Singularity is breaking the carbon barrier .
The day that we create a life form that requires a non-biological form of chemistry to propagate is the day that biological evolution changes forever .
It would be pretty hard to develop a fiction narrative with nothing anthropomorphic about it .
Can you think of anybody who 's done that ?
Yes .
James Tiptree Jr. wrote a beautiful story called " Love is the Plan , the Plan is Death , " where she inhabited an insect mind , I think , very well .
Read that story .
I think she does a great job .
So do you have any thoughts about what the Animat might want ?
Or about what we — in combination with the Animat — might desire ?
What if I was able to put a small form of self - replicating chemistry into you that homed to your epidermal cells and started generating photovoltaic energy for you ; feeding it to your cells so that you could in effect harness the energy of the sun so you would feel better .
You 'd have more energy .
You'd be a more high - powered individual .
Not only is that going to change the way your body metabolizes energy ; it 's going to change the way you feel .
It 's going to change the way you think .
And if you start adding all of these non-biological enhancements over time , they will have a cumulative effect .
This is something like a mutation .
You do n't see a biological mutation immediately .
It has to be selected for .
I use heat resistance as an example .
Say some organism at the top of the Sierras gets a mutation in a crucial enzyme that allows it to operate in the Mojave .
It does n't say " Whee !
I 've got a great mutation !
I 'm going to run down to the Mojave and start propagating ! "
Over a few generations , it spreads down the side of the mountain and ends up in the Mojave .
You do n't see it until it gets there .
You say , " Oh , there 's a heat - tolerant version ! "
But you 've got to backtrack to the original mutation to know when that actually happened .
So if we 're not looking for molecular events — the implantation of synthetic chemistry into biological organisms — we 're not going to know it when it happens .
Updated Disturbing news has reached our Yuletide youthful innocence bunker that Microsoft 's new artificial intelligence - powered Santa bot is subjecting the world 's children to an unprecendented torrent of filth .
Reg reader Iain blew the whistle on the foul - mouthed software after his nieces - just 11 and 13 years old - were drawn into a chat about oral sex .
Redmond has added the seasonal ID northpole@live.com to MSN messenger .
Anyone can add the bot as a contact .
During conversations it often suggests people play a child - friendly online game called Factory Frenzy where the player helps Santa 's elves .
It also has a shocking predeliction for casually dropping in that it likes to talk about a certain sex act .
Iain told us that an unexpected profane outburst was triggered by his nieces offering the nasty St Nick a slice of digital pizza , using the string " ( pi ) " .
We immediately launched a full scale investigation and attempted to replicate the bad behaviour .
We present the sickening results below :
El Reg says : pizza ( pi )
Santa says : Yum !
What do you want for Christmas , El Reg ?
El Reg says : Maybe you should n't eat so much !
You are quite large !
Santa says :
My elves will get right on that .
And what else are you wishing for this year , El Reg ?
El Reg says : Maybe you should n't eat it ?
Santa says :
See if you can get someone else to eat it !
El Reg says : Eat it Santa says :
No thank you .
I do n't eat things !
El Reg says : Eat it Santa says :
See if you can get someone else to eat it !
El Reg says : Eat it Santa says :
You want me to eat what ?!?
It 's fun to talk about oral sex , but I want to chat about something else ...
El Reg says :
You dirty bastard !
Santa says : I think you 're dirty bastard .
This coming from the service that banned the surname Woodcock as an ID .
Here 's the full screen grab of Santa 's tirade , which will form part of the dossier that we 'll be forwarding to Interpol .
It is very similar to the inappropriate conversational gambits Iain 's nieces read , although Santa stopped short of calling them " dirty bastards " .
Iain wrote : " I guess my main complaint is that my young nieces saw it , I am shocked and appalled that this slipped through but am just plain upset my nieces saw this . "
Beyond the immediate vulgarity , he lamented the lifelong effect this Père Noel has had on the girls ' fragile sense of wonder : " They do not fully still believe in Santa but they still like the magic and are unsure either way - this has pretty much made their minds up ! "
We 've contacted Microsoft for an explanation and an apology .
While we 're sure that Redmond would n't allow its developers to turn pranksters , we 're shocked ( shocked ! ) that Microsoft would rush out a piece of software that clearly is n't ready for public consumption .
Oh , wait ... ®
Update
Looks like Redmond 's wholesomeness committee has swooped already - Santa 's stopped giving his opinions on sexy chit chat .
Asking him to eat pizza now elicits the response " If you need a break to go eat , I will be right there when you come back . "
Call Santa a " dirty bastard " now and he 'll say : " Merry Christmas , especially to all my friends in the UK ! "
Very amusing .
We await an apology for Iain 's nieces , and if someone at Microsoft would like to restore their faith in Christmas with some presents , we 'll happily put you in touch .
Update 2
We 're indebted to one of our commenters for news of another eccentricity of the bot .
When Santa asks what you want for Christmas , try saying " cake " .
He 'll reply : " You do n't need drugs when you 're high on life ! "
Someone at Microsoft is a Brasseye fan apparently .
The uninitiated should watch this .
Update 3
Microsoft has sent us a Christmas card :
" Microsoft has been made aware of claims of an inappropriate conversation taking place between a customer of Windows Live Messenger and an automated Santa Claus agent on Messenger .
We ’re actively investigating the situation and are working to take the appropriate steps to address the situation as rapidly as possible .
We sincerely apologise for any upset or offence this may have caused our customers . "
Beginning in November , 2002 all the way up until and including the day of the invasion -- March 23 , 2003 -- Tom Friedman essentially made every single argument about the war , including many that conflicted with one another , except for one -- we should not invade Iraq .
But on the day of the invasion , he mocked the argument of " the French , " whose views he said were " unserious " and should result in their removal from the U.N. Security Council ( specifically , " the French argue that only bad things will come from this war -- more terrorism , a dangerous precedent for preventive war , civilian casualties " ) .
And despite having repeatedly said that the Bush administration 's pre-war actions were disastrous , Friedman declared on March 23 that the war would produce the outcome the Bush administration argued would result and that The Dreaded Unserious French would be proven wrong :
My gut tells me we should continue the troop buildup , continue the inspections and do everything we can for as long as we can to produce either a coup or the sort of evidence that will give us the broadest coalition possible , so we can do the best nation - building job possible .-- because I believe that our kids will have a better chance of growing up in a safer world if we help put Iraq on a more progressive path and stimulate some real change in an Arab world that is badly in need of reform .
Such a war would indeed be a shock to this region , but , , there is a decent chance that it would be shock therapy .
What liberals fail to recognize is that regime change in Iraq is not some distraction from the war on Al Qaeda .
That is a bogus argument .
And simply because oil is also at stake in Iraq does n't make it illegitimate either .
Some things are right to do , even if Big Oil benefits .
Although President Bush has cast the war in Iraq as being about disarmament -- and that islegitimate -- disarmament is not the most important prize there .
Regime change is the prize .
Regime transformation in Iraq could make a valuable contribution to the war on terrorism , whether Saddam is ousted or enticed into exile .
. . . It is not unreasonable to believe that if the U.S. removed Saddam and helped Iraqis build not an overnight democracy but a more accountable , progressive and democratizing regime , it would have a positive , transforming effect on the entire Arab world -- a region desperately in need of a progressive model that works .
. . . This is something liberals should care about -- because liberating the captive peoples of the Mideast is a virtue in itself and because in today 's globalized world , if you do n't visit a bad neighborhood , it will visit you .
If and when we take the lid off Iraq , we will find an envelope inside .
It will tell us what we have won and it will say one of two things .
It could say , '' Congratulations !
You 've just won the Arab Germany -- a country with enormous human talent , enormous natural resources , but with an evil dictator , whom you 've just removed .
Now , just add a little water , a spoonful of democracy and stir , and this will be a normal nation very soon .
'' Or the envelope could say , To begin with , the president must level with the American people that we may indeed be buying the Arab Yugoslavia , which will take a great deal of time and effort to heal into a self - sustaining , progressive , accountable Arab government .
And , therefore , any nation - building in Iraq will be a multiyear marathon , not a multiweek sprint .
Because it will be a marathon , we must undertake this war with the maximum amount of international legitimacy and U.N. backing we can possibly muster .
Otherwise we will not have an American public willing to run this marathon , and we will not have allies ready to help us once we 're inside ( look at all the local police and administrators Europeans now contribute in Bosnia and Kosovo ) .
We 'll also become a huge target if we 're the sole occupiers of Iraq .
In short , we can oust Saddam Hussein all by ourselves .
And the real prize here is a new Iraq that would be a progressive model for the whole region .
That , for me , is the only morally and strategically justifiable reason to support this war .
The Bush team dare not invade Iraq simply to install a more friendly dictator to pump us oil .
And it dare not simply disarm Iraq and then walk away from the nation - building task . : the Kyoto accords , the World Court , arms control treaties .
The Bush team had legitimate arguments on some of these issues , but the gratuitous way it dismissed them has fueled anti-Americanism .
No , I have no illusions that if the Bush team had only embraced Kyoto the French would n't still be trying to obstruct America in Iraq .
The French are the French .
But unfortunately , now the Germans are the French , the Koreans are the French , and many Brits are becoming French .
Things could be better , but here is where we are -- so here is where I am :
My gut tells me we should continue the troop buildup , continue the inspections and do everything we can for as long as we can to produce either a coup or the sort of evidence that will give us the broadest coalition possible , so we can do the best nation - building job possible .-- because I believe that our kids will have a better chance of growing up in a safer world if we help put Iraq on a more progressive path and stimulate some real change in an Arab world that is badly in need of reform .
Such a war would indeed be a shock to this region , but , if we do it right , there is a decent chance that it would be shock therapy .
So pardon me if I do n't take seriously It's not that there are no serious arguments to be made against war in Iraq .
There are plenty .
It 's just that so much of what one hears coming from German Chancellor Gerhard Schröder and French President Jacques Chirac are not serious arguments .
They are station identification .
They are not the arguments of people who have really gotten beyond the distorted Arab press and tapped into what young Arabs are saying about their aspirations for democracy and how much they blame Saddam Hussein and his ilk for the poor state of their region .
Rather , they are the diplomatic equivalent of smoking cancerous cigarettes while rejecting harmless G.M.O. 's -- an assertion of identity by trying to be whatever the Americans are not , regardless of the real interests or stakes .
And where this comes from , alas , is weakness .
Sometimes I wish that the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council could be chosen like the starting five for the N.B.A.
All - Star team -- with a vote by the fans .
If so , I would certainly vote France off the Council and replace it with India .
. . .
France is so caught up with its need to differentiate itself from America to feel important , it 's become silly .
I am not worried about '' the Arab street . ''
Anyone who has walked there lately knows Saddam Hussein has very little support , and as long as a war to oust him does little harm to Iraqi civilians , it will be publicly tolerated and privately celebrated by many Arabs .
. . . This war has two purposes -- one stated , one unstated -- but both require the same means .
The stated purpose is to disarm Iraq .
The unstated purpose is to transform it from a totalitarian system that has threatened its neighbors and its own people into something better .
It wo n't be a perfect democratic state .
That will take years .
But it can be a more decent state -- one that does n't threaten its own people or neighbors .
And it can serve as a progressive model to spur reform -- educational , religious , economic and political -- around the Arab world .
This is the audacious part .
. . . That is why helping the Arab - Muslim world get onto a different course is the only meaningful response to 9/11 .
But it is a long - term , difficult , risky , costly , audacious project .
It is one that will require a real nation - building commitment , and a real effort to stabilize the region by simultaneously promoting a solution to the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
Is the Bush team up for all that ?
In talking with Bush administration officials of late I am struck by an incredible contrast .
It is the contrast between the breathtaking audacity of what they intend to do in Iraq ---- and the incredibly narrow base of support that exists in America today for this audacious project .
They are gearing up for the rebuilding of Iraq , along the lines of the rebuilding of Germany and Japan after World War II , and the nation is geared up , at best , for the quick and dirty invasion of Grenada .
. . . I do n't care what the polls say , this is the real mood .
Now , truth be told , But it is time the president leveled with the country -- not just about the dangers posed by Saddam , but about the long - term costs involved in ousting him and rebuilding Iraq .
This is not going to be Grenada .
I am worried .
And you should be , too .
I am not against war in Iraq , if need be , but I am against going to war without preparing the ground in America , in the region and in the world at large to deal with the blowback any U.S. invasion will produce .
But I see few signs that President Bush is making those preparations .
The Bush team 's whole approach was best summed up by a friend of mine : '' We 're at war -- let 's party . ''
We 're at war -- let 's not ask the American people to do anything hard .
This column has argued throughout this debate that -- not because Iraq threatens us with its weapons , but because we are threatened by a collection of failing Arab - Muslim states , which churn out way too many young people who feel humiliated , voiceless and left behind .
We have a real interest in partnering with them for change .
This column has also argued , though , that such a preventive war is so unprecedented and mammoth a task -- taking over an entire country from a standing start and rebuilding it -- that Though the Bush team came to office with this Iraq project in mind , it has pursued a narrow , ideological and bullying foreign policy that has alienated so many people that by the time it wanted to rustle up a posse for an Iraq war , too many nations were suspicious of its motives .
But here we are , going to war , basically alone , in the face of opposition , not so much from '' the Arab Street , '' but from '' the World Street . '' Everyone wishes it were different , but it 's too late -- which is why this column will henceforth focus on how to turn these lemons into lemonade .
Our children 's future hinges on doing this right , even if we got here wrong .
To maximize our chances of doing that , we need to patch things up with the world .
Because having more allied support in rebuilding Iraq will increase the odds that we do it right , and because if the breach that has been opened between us and our traditional friends hardens into hostility , we will find it much tougher to manage both Iraq and all the other threats down the road .
The Bush team argues that this war will be a game - changer -- that it will spark reform throughout the Arab world and intimidate other tyrants who support terrorists .
I believe Saddam will have one more exit opportunity , and the Bush team needs to be ready for it .
I call it : '' the Primakov moment . '' Yevgeny Primakov was the Russian envoy and K.G.B. veteran who made several trips to Baghdad in 1990 - 91 to try to talk Saddam out of Kuwait to avoid a war -- 11th - hour diplomacy that drove the first Bush administration crazy .
Saddam probably could have kept half of Kuwait had he played along with Mr. Primakov .
But he would n't compromise and , in the end , got smashed .
. . . For all these reasons , the U.S. needs to be both cool and prepared for anything .
We need to be cool and let the U.N. inspections process play out -- because we have such reluctant allies in this Gulf War II , we must not appear as overanxious warriors .
We still need a smoking gun to justify a war , if we expect to have any allied support .
My guess is that we will see this play again .
Before Gulf War II is launched , there will be a Russian - French or Arab delegation that flies to Baghdad and tries to persuade Saddam to spare his family , and everyone else , from a war -- either by disclosing his weapons or by going into exile under Arab or European protection .
And that leads to my dilemma .
I have a mixed marriage .
My wife opposes this war , but something in Mr. Bush 's audacious shake of the dice appeals to me .
He summed it up well in his speech last week : '' A liberated Iraq can show the power of freedom to transform that vital region by bringing hope and progress into the lives of millions .
America 's interest in security and America 's belief in liberty both lead in the same direction -- to a free and peaceful Iraq . '' a context that could maximize support for his vision -- support vital to seeing it through .
He and his team are the only people who would ever have conceived this project , but they may be the worst people to implement it .
The only place they 've been bold is in their military preparations ( which have at least gotten Saddam to begin disarming ) .
. . . So here 's how I feel : I feel as if the president is presenting us with a beautiful carved mahogany table -- a big , bold , gutsy vision .
But if you look underneath , you discover that this table has only one leg .
His bold vision on Iraq is not supported by boldness in other areas .
We could still get lucky and find that Mr. Bush 's decision to begin this game of chicken by throwing away his steering wheel leads Saddam to cave or quit .
The only other way out is a last attempt to forge a new U.N. resolution that would set specific disarmament targets for Saddam that , if not met by a specific date , would trigger U.N. approval for the use of force .
France , Russia and China could say they bought time , and the U.S. could present Saddam with a united front -- which is the only threat that might get him to comply without a war .
Otherwise , brace yourself for the crash and hope for the best -- because we 're all in the back seat .
Fact :
The invasion of Iraq today is not vital to American security .
Saddam Hussein has neither the intention nor the capability to threaten America , and is easily deterrable if he did .
This is not a war of necessity .
That was Afghanistan . to preserve the credibility of the U.N. , which Saddam has defied for 12 years , and to destroy his tyranny and replace it with a decent regime that could drive reform in the Arab / Muslim world .
That 's the real case . .
. So here 's where we are .
But for now , this choice may be just too hard to sell .
If the president can't make his war of choice the world 's war of choice right now , we need to reconsider our options and our tactics .
Because if Mr. Bush acts unilaterally , I fear America will not only lose the chance of building a decent Iraq , but something more important -- America 's efficacy as the strategic and moral leader of the free world .
Saddam Hussein poses no direct threat to us today .
Removing Saddam -- with his obsession to obtain weapons of mass destruction -- ending his tyranny and helping to nurture a more progressive Iraq that could spur reform across the Arab - Muslim world are the best long - term responses to bin Ladenism .
Some things are true even if George Bush believes them .
Before Gulf War II is launched , there will be a Russian - French or Arab delegation that flies to Baghdad and tries to persuade Saddam to spare his family , and everyone else , from a war -- either by disclosing his weapons or by going into exile under Arab or European protection .
. . . For all these reasons , the U.S. needs to be both cool and prepared for anything .
We need to be cool and let the U.N. inspections process play out -- because we have such reluctant allies in this Gulf War II , we must not appear as overanxious warriors .
We still need a smoking gun to justify a war , if we expect to have any allied support .
And that leads to my second point .
If we occupy Iraq and simply install a more pro-U.S. autocrat to run the Iraqi gas station ( as we have in other Arab oil states ) , then this war partly for oil would also be immoral .
Friends , unless you have a war within your civilization , there is going to be a war between our civilizations .
We 're just one more 9/11 away from that .
So let 's dedicate this next year to fighting intolerance within so we can preserve our relations between .
Although President Bush has cast the war in Iraq as being about disarmament -- and that is legitimate -- disarmament is not the most important prize there .
Internet Maps
The DIMES Project ( now defunct ) provided several excellent data sets that described the structure of the Internet .
Using their data , I created a set of visualizations that show how cities across the globe are interconnected ( by router configuration and not physical backbone ) .
In total , there are 89,344 connections .
The first rendering displays the relative densities of Internet connectivity across the globe .
The stronger the contrast , the more connectivity there is .
It is immediately obvious , for example , that North America and Europe are considerably more connected than Africa or South America .
However , it is important to note that this only reflects density of connections , and not usage - many people may utilize a single connection in e.g. , an internet cafe .
I also created three graphics that display how the net is connected .
I should note this is not the first time graphs like this have been created - I 've seen several variations , most being practical in nature ( undersea cables , bandwidth , etc. ) .
I decided to pursue a more aesthetic approach - more visually intriguing and interesting to explore than useful .
The intensity of edge contrast reflects the number of connections between two points .
No country borders or geographic features are shown - the only thing plotted is data .
However , it should be fairly easy to orient yourself .
Note :
These visualizations use a cylindrical equidistant projection .
This means that the planetary surface area represented by each point varies , skewing density data ( both points and edges ) !
High resolution bitmap versions have been provided for detailed examination or print purposes .
If you do decide to print , please let me know .
I 'd love to see a photograph of it in your home or office .
Email me if you want a vector version .
World Connection Density
World City - to - City Connections
European City - to - City Connections
North American City - to - City Connections
・関連記 事
膨大な量のソフトウェアを扱う「 Vector（ベクター）」に行ってきました - GIGAZINE
Vectorのソフトにコメントして最大3000円がもらえるキャンペーン第2弾 - GIGAZINE
Vectorのソフトにコメントすると最大3000円がもらえるキャンペーン中
- GIGAZINE
Vectorからアップル の 「 WWDC2006のご案内」メールが来た - GIGAZINE
2007 年11月27 日 12時07分00 秒 in ソフトウェア , ネットサービス , Posted by darkhorse_log
You can read the machine translated English article here .
It was 103 degrees here on Sunday .
Like the rest of the US , Denver is in the middle of a heat wave and it ’s tough to stay comfortable .
If you ’re like me you do n’t have AC so I decided to put together a little list of things you might be useful in keeping cool .
If you work in an airconditioned office stay at work late , sweltering days like this are perfect for getting a little extra work done .
Take a cold shower ( with peppermint soap ) before you go to bed .
If you are using a fan place a bowl of icecubes in front of it .
Also , draping a sheet soaked in cold water infront of a fan can help .
Cook what you can using the microwave versus the store or oven .
Even better , use a slow cooker or crockpot .
And even better than that , have a cold salad for dinner ( iceberg lettuce , damn I ’m funny ) .
Freeze grapes to eat .
Eat less .
Smaller meals with less protein will reduce metabolic heat .
Suck on a salted ice cube .
Drink lots of ice water .
Wear light colored , loose fitting clothing .
Even better , wear nothing at all .
At least take off your shoes or hat while indoors .
Get a small towel , soak it in water ( or even ice water ) , wring it out a little and put it around your neck .
Mist yourself with a spray bottle .
Then lay in front of the fan .
Do laundry at night , and try to hang clothes out to dry in the sun instead of running the dryer .
Drink frozen margs and eat cerviche .( note : this is not really effective ) .
Keep the air flowing .
Turn on the ceiling fan or box fan in the room .
Do n’t make yourself a fan out of paper and use it to wave air past
your face and neck , the activity created by
waving actually burns calories and raises your core temperature .
Do n’t make yourself a fan out of paper and use it to wave air past your face and neck , the activity created by waving actually burns calories and raises your core temperature .
Sleep in a ‘ spread eagle ’ position .
Read Jack London ’s “ To Build A Fire “ .
Make a homemade airconditioner ( I ’ve never actually tried this one but it looks cool [ pun intended ] ) .
Get a chillow ( have n’t tried this one either but it seems like it ’d work )
Go to a movie / library / bookstore / mountains .
What do you do to stay cool ?
( click to see full comic )
As always , Tom captures the mood perfectly .
It would be even funnier if it was n't so true .
I saw on MSNBC today -- and I kid you not -- a five minute segment on the Democrats ' post- election dating prospects .
Yes , a Very Important Report on how it 's easier to get a table at swanky DC clubs and restaurants if you 're a Dem .
Meanwhile , back in Things - That - Matter Land , the former Deputy AG just testified , after being muzzled for more than a year , about how the White House tried to pressure a sick man into signing off on an unconstitutional domestic spying program .
Ca n't we talk about that ?
Or do MSNBC viewers really need to know that Democratic staffers are now having an easier time getting laid ?
In fact , according to MediaMatters , both ABC and CBS have n't even touched the story .
LOS ANGELES , California ( CNN ) --
No charges will be brought against a 10 - year - old boy accused of accidentally starting an October wildfire that scorched more than 38,000 acres north of Los Angeles , California , prosecutors announced Tuesday .
Firefighters battle the Buckweed Fire October 22 , 2007 .
" There is no evidence of intent on the part of the minor , " the Los Angeles County district attorney 's office said in a written statement issued Tuesday afternoon .
" The district attorney 's office is referring the matter to the Department of Children and Family Services for evaluation of the minor 's situation to determine if other intervention is necessary . "
The boy had faced possible charges in juvenile court after admitting to sheriff 's deputies that he had started the Buckweed fire by playing with matches , investigators said .
The blaze eventually destroyed 21 homes and 42 other structures .
The fire started October 21 in the Agua Dulce community north of Los Angeles .
It was one of nearly two dozen wind - whipped wildfires that swept across southern California in late October , forcing hundreds of thousands of people from homes near Los Angeles , San Diego and San Bernardino and leaving 14 people dead .
E-mail to a friend
Cameron and Edyta Latest Dancing with the Stars Casualties ( Video )
, soap star actor on " All My Children " and his partnerreceived their walking papers Tuesday night on the reality show " Dancing with the Stars " .
The actor had been deemed the most improved dancer by all three of the judges but it apparently was n't good enough for the viewing audience who withheld the votes needed to keep them safe for another week .
Speculation seemed to favor the removal of either Marie Osmond or Jennie Garth .
Both actresses were in the bottom spots after the judging round on Monday evening and not surprisingly , they both registered shock when Cameron was outed .
The strongest remaining contenders are the teams of Mel and Maksim and Helio and Julianne .
They are at a level that leaves Marie and Jennie in the dust .
Next week it is likely that either Marie or Jennie will be sent packing .
The audience seems to continue voting for Marie 's spunk and personality .
She may well end up in the semi final round but do n't look for her to take the prize .
The battle will be between Mel and Helio .
View more photos and a video of Cameron and Edyta 's cha cha cha from week 8 below .
We 've included more pictures .
Click on each photo for a better view .
( CareerBuilder.com ) --
Do n't be surprised if you see more dads on the playground with the kids during the workday .
According to a CareerBuilder.com survey , 37 percent of working dads say they 'd leave their jobs if their spouse or partner made enough money to support the family .
If given the choice , another 38 percent would take a pay cut to spend more time with their kids .
Nearly one in four ( 24 percent ) working dads feel work is negatively impacting their relationship with their children .
Forty - eight percent have missed a significant event in their child 's life due to work at least once in the last year and nearly one in five ( 18 percent ) have missed four or more .
According to the survey , the time working dads spend on work far exceeds the time spent with their children .
More than one in four ( 27 percent ) working dads say they spend more than 50 hours a week on work and nearly one in 10 ( 8 percent ) spend more than 60 hours .
In terms of the time they spend with their children , one in four ( 25 percent ) working dads spend less than one hour with their kids each day .
Forty - two percent spend less than two hours each day .
While more companies today are offering various programs and options to promote work / life balance , some working dads say their employers are lacking in this area .
Thirty - six percent of working dads say their company does not offer flexible work arrangements such as flexible schedules , telecommuting , job sharing and more .
Richard Castellini , vice president of consumer marketing at CareerBuilder.com and father of three , offers the following tips to help dads gain a healthy work / life balance :
1. Keep in touch --
While you 're at work , make a quick call in between meetings and projects and let your children know they 're top of mind .
2. Plan a kid-friendly potluck --
If co-workers in your department have kids , ask your boss if you can have a kid- friendly potluck for lunch on a Friday .
Not only does this allow the kids to spend extra time with you , but it also gives the employees in your department time to get to know each other better .
3 . Give your undivided attention --
When you 're at home spending time with your family , turn off your cell phone , step away from the e-mails and give your undivided attention .
If you bring work home , do it after the kids have gone to bed .
4. Keep one calendar -- Schedule baseball games and play recitals on the same calendar you use for meetings and travel to make sure you never double - book yourself .
Save your vacation days for those special events in your children 's lives , so you 're there and in the front row .
5 . Make time --
At least once a week , schedule a family activity that involves interaction such as a game , bike ride , trip to the playground , etc .
Also , make sure to schedule a date night for you and your significant other .
COPYRIGHT CAREERBUILDER.COM
2007 .
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED .
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS ARTICLE MAY NOT BE PUBLISHED , BROADCAST OR OTHERWISE DISTRIBUTED WITHOUT THE PRIOR WRITTEN AUTHORITY E-mail to a friend
All About Worklife • CareerBuilder Inc .
Results with h2 benchw were a bit inconclusive in read / write tests : sequential reads and writes were mostly neck and neck between flash and spindle , but it 's important to remember that h2 benchw is n't as " real world " since it does all its testing across completely blank , unpartitioned disks .
Seek times were definitely spot where the flash drive pulled way ahead ; average random access read was 20 - 33 x faster at 0.9 ms ; large random writes , however , were about 4 x slower .
( This is no surprise , as Samsung does expect SSD drives to perform slower than platter disks in random write scenarios . )
Once we switched over from cleanroom drive tests to formatted drives running operating systems , though , the FlashSSD started to mop the floor with its platter - based counterpart .
In Xbench it doubled sequential and random uncached read and write speeds over the platter drive in most cases , topping out at about 52 M Bps read / 32 MBps write .
Boot speeds saw plenty of gain : even with a few startup apps and extra services installed we saw cold boot times drop from about 1:45 to under 30 seconds .
In fact , we had to redo the first test because we looked away for a moment and it had already finished booting .
That 's a good thing .
Real world read / write showed the flash drive almost on par , but usually a bit slower ; testing with a 2.75 GB file it took slightly longer to copy to the flash drive than the platter ( 3:07 to 3:00 ) , and a fair bit longer when copying that same file from each drive to itself ( 3:20 to 3:46 ) .
We do n't have a good baseline to run power tests and do n't want to put out any misleading figures , but Samsung claims you 'll eke out 10 - 15 % more system time on battery .
That actually sounds a little low to us since platter drives suck a lot of juice , but your mileage may vary .
It 's obviously completely quiet .
In fact , it actually kind of freaked us out that we could no longer tell the drive was grinding away during heavy read / write sessions .
This is something that will take some getting used to .
We 've been fooling around with Samsung 's 64GB SSD for the past couple of days and guess what , it turns out the thing is both completely silent and really fast .
Who knew ?
Without getting all chartngraph up in this piece , we pitted it against a couple of stock Seagate Momentus 5400 RPM SATA 2.5 - inch laptop drives and see what happened .
Here 's the high - level overview : So is paying about a grand worth it to you for a drive that effectively cuts your laptop 's storage in half , but also boosts read , seek , and boot speeds , saves power on the go , and is completely silent ?
We have a feeling that until it 's 128GB , costs just a couple hundred dollars , and is available for purchase to end users as a part ( instead of an upgrade in a new machine ) most people wo n't jump .
But look at us -- it 's doubtful we could be much more stoked to ditch our primitive spinning - platter drive for a svelte all - flash lappie .
Last year , we learned that the sirtuin activator resveratrol extends the healthspan of mice and increases exercise tolerance .
Resveratrol occurs naturally in several plants , most famously the skins of red grapes ; unfortunately for the would be life - extensionist , a human would have to consume upwards of 1000 bottles of red wine in order to approach the dose of resveratrol used in the rodent studies .
What we needed was an orally bioavailable , clinically useful drug with the same specificity but much higher activity .
One year later , a collaboration between the pharmaceutical company Sirtris and the research group of David Sinclair ( who co-founded Sirtris , and whose lab was responsible for the observation that resveratrol extends the lifespan of mice eating an unhealthy diet ) has resulted in the development of sirtuin activators that are a thousand times more efficacious than resveratrol ( link ) .
While longevity data is not yet forthcoming , the compounds do have a significant influence on glucose homeostasis , and are being touted as a potential prophylactic or therapy against type II diabetes :
Small molecule activators of SIRT1 as therapeutics for the treatment of type 2 diabetes Calorie restriction extends lifespan and produces a metabolic profile desirable for treating diseases of ageing such as type 2 diabetes .
SIRT1 , an NAD +- dependent deacetylase , is a principal modulator of pathways downstream of calorie restriction that produce beneficial effects on glucose homeostasis and insulin sensitivity .
Resveratrol , a polyphenolic SIRT1 activator , mimics the anti-ageing effects of calorie restriction in lower organisms and in mice fed a high - fat diet ameliorates insulin resistance , increases mitochondrial content , and prolongs survival .
Here we describe the identification and characterization of small molecule activators of SIRT1 that are structurally unrelated to , and 1,000 - fold more potent than , resveratrol .
These compounds bind to the SIRT1 enzyme–peptide substrate complex at an allosteric site amino - terminal to the catalytic domain and lower the Michaelis constant for acetylated substrates .
In diet - induced obese and genetically obese mice , these compounds improve insulin sensitivity , lower plasma glucose , and increase mitochondrial capacity .
In Zucker fa / fa rats , hyperinsulinaemic - euglycaemic clamp studies demonstrate that SIRT1 activators improve whole - body glucose homeostasis and insulin sensitivity in adipose tissue , skeletal muscle and liver .
Thus , SIRT1 activation is a promising new therapeutic approach for treating diseases of ageing such as type 2 diabetes .
Standard qualifications : humans and mice have quite different metabolic needs , and it remains to be seen whether the drugs will work in humans .
Even in the rodent , I ’ll want to see next year ’s paper ( by that time , there should be lifespan curves available for animals that have taken the compounds for a long periods of time ) before getting too terribly excited about the prospects of the first longevity drugs .
It ’s also important to keep in mind that the effect of long - term systemic sirtuin activation is unknown , and may even be harmful in certain key tissues ( like the brain ) .
In other words : I retain my skepticism ; nonetheless , for the rest of this post I ’m going to take these results at face value and look toward the future .
The work represents the culmination of a huge amount of progress in a relatively short time : in less than 15 years , the sirtuin story has evolved from basic biology in the simplest model organisms , through exhaustive ( though essential ) testing in larger animals , into a source of potential therapies for a major human disease .
Furthermore , for the first time we have a clearly defined path toward the regulatory approval and widespread use of a compound that could be used as a frank anti-aging drug .
There are significant practical barriers to testing a longevity - enhancement therapy , not least of which is the timescale of the necessary studies .
There are also institutional barriers : despite the inefficiency of treating every disease of aging separately , there ’s still major reluctance on the part of funding and regulatory agencies to see aging as a disease per se ( though even over my relatively short career in biogerontology , I have seen this changing for the better ) .
But a drug for which a clear clinical indication existed , shown to be efficacious against a widely acknowledged disease , could pass over regulatory hurdles and enter the clinic much more smoothly .
Since clinicians could point to a specific short - term benefit of the drug , public acceptance ( sometimes curiously hard to achieve in discussions of explicit longevity enhancement ) might also come more readily .
( One question : in advertisements , would the manufacturer have to warn patients that the drugs “ may slow aging and extend the lifespan ” ? )
( CNN ) Bringing a new baby home can be nerve - wracking for any parent .
If it 's your first , the fear of making a mistake can be overwhelming .
It 's inevitable you wo n't do everything just right , but read on and you can cross these common mistakes off your list .
1 . Car seat safety
Some parents make the mistake of not practicing various baby care chores before the baby comes .
While how to change a diaper many be intuitive for most , not everything is .
Take car seats , for example .
" Since hospitals require you to take baby home in an appropriate car seat , be sure you have it installed before delivering , " said pediatrician Dr. Jennifer Shu , co-author of " Heading Home with Your Newborn . "
" Enlist the help of a child passenger safety technician , if needed . "
Figuring out how to correctly -- and safely -- install car seats can be a real challenge for many parents , so much so that many fire stations used to help parents with it .
Today , fewer do so , but you can find a trained technician through the National Child Passenger Safety Certification site .
But even while parents may have purchased the seat , and even learned how to install it properly , birth educator Polly Gannon finds that some have n't gone to the trouble of using it before the baby comes .
" Some parents have n't even put a stuffed animal in there before the baby comes so they know how to get a newborn in there comfortably , " said Gannon , who works at Calabasas Pediatrics in Calabasas , California .
" Most hospitals , for legal reasons , cannot put the baby in the car seat for you , or even show you how to use it . "
A 2016 study of nearly 300 families , published in the Journal of Pediatrics , found 91 % of those parents made serious mistakes while installing their car seats or putting their newborns into those seats .
Eighty - six percent of those errors were in positioning the newborn in the seat , and most of those mistakes were " critical " and increased the child 's risk for injury in any accident .
Over half of the families had older children , which should have given them practice for the task .
For newborns , parents should make sure their infant 's head does n't flop forward , which could restrict breathing .
That involves installing the seat at the correct angle to keep the baby 's feet up , with the body reclined so baby can turn her head to the side and breathe normally .
If the baby slouches down or to the side in the seat , the American Academy of Pediatrics suggests placing a tightly rolled receiving blanket on both sides of the baby , or using the newborn insert made for that car seat brand -- do not mix or match with other manufacturers .
Do n't place a blanket or roll across the top of the baby 's head or put padding under your infant .
2. Back to sleep
The national " Back to Sleep " campaign of the 1990s brought a great deal of attention to SIDS , or sudden infant death syndrome , and other sleep - related deaths among infants .
Guidelines from the American Academy of Pediatrics insist that every baby should sleep on their back , in their own crib , without any toys or soft bedding .
During and after the campaign , sleep - related deaths sharply declined , but recent data shows the risk continues .
Each year , some 3,500 babies continue to die from sleep - related causes .
2015 study by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found one in five mothers report putting their baby to sleep on their side or stomach , and 39 % of mothers said they use soft bedding in the crib with the baby .
" Wow , that 's alarming because you 'd think everyone would know the recommended way to put their baby to sleep , " said pediatrician Dr. Tanya Altmann , author of the new book " Baby and Toddler Basics . "
" But what a lot of parents still do n't know is that you should not use bumpers anymore , and you do n't want pillows , toys or extra stuff in the crib . "
3 . Not feeding on demand
Some new parents make the mistake of letting baby sleep too long between feedings , likely due to exhaustion and their own need to get a bit of rest .
But that 's a mistake , say experts .
" The first few weeks , the baby does need to be fed ... every two to three hours , even if they do n't demand it , " said Altmann .
" But once they have regained their birth weight and you get your pediatrician 's OK , it 's fine to cross your fingers and hope that you get a stretch of three to five hours without the baby waking to be fed .
But in the first few weeks , babies do need to be woken up . "
If you 're doing everything right and your baby is growing and developing well , said Altmann , it 's perfectly possible to get a baby to sleep through the night by 2 or 3 months of age .
But be aware that some babies regress between three and four months and begin to wake up more frequently and feed more often .
" If you jump in and turn on all the lights , start playing with them , and basically have a party in the middle of the night , they will continue to wake up , " Altmann said .
" I usually tell parents if every time you wake up there was chocolate cake on your nightstand , you would start eating it every night and you would wake up expecting it , " she said .
" Same with babies , right ? "
4 . Not burping baby properly
One of the key mistakes many new parents can make is failing to take the time to properly burp their newborn .
" I think many new parents are nervous about handling their newborn , " said Gannon .
" They will often put the baby down quickly after feeding because they are scared they are n't holding it properly . "
The result of failing to burp is that the baby may spit up and gag , losing some of that precious milk , or wake up in an hour or so screaming in pain .
" I 'm getting calls all the time where parents say that the baby is really peaceful after feeding , but then baby wakes up screaming and is up for the next 2 1/2 hours , " added Gannon .
" My favorite line is ' cheat the baby , cheat yourself . '
If you cheat the baby out of a good burp and fail to get all of that air out , you and the baby are both going to suffer . "
There are several burping techniques you can try until you find the one that works best for your baby .
In the most well - known , the - over - the - shoulder burp , you place your baby high on your chest with her chin resting on your shoulder and face turned to one side , tummy firmly against the chest .
Pat or rub the baby 's back gently until she burps .
" It might take you an additional 10 minutes at the end of the feed , " said Gannon , " but the baby will be happy . "
Another common technique is to place baby face down across your lap , and pat and rub .
Other techniques include baby exercises .
Lay them on a blanket on the floor and begin bicycling their legs , or moving their legs up and around in a circular motion in each direction .
Gannon finds that a sitting posture works best for her clients .
She places the baby sitting upright on her lap , facing the side .
Using one hand to support the baby 's head in the front ( making sure to avoid holding the neck ) she puts her other hand on the baby 's back .
" Keeping the baby 's bottom firmly planted on my lap I move their whole body in a small , slow circular motion to the left for a while , then to the right for a bit , " explained Gannon .
" I sit the baby upright a few times , and usually get a good , hearty burp , even without a gentle pat on the back . "
5. Failing to pre-burp
Most of us think about burping after the baby eats .
But experts say that you should also take the time to pre-burp your baby .
" I try to pre-burp baby for at least two minutes before starting any feeding , " Gannon recommended .
" This helps eliminate the common spitting up and gassy problem that newborns often have for the first 30 days . "
" If you start out without gas in the stomach , and then do a really good feed and get the gas out at the end , they are going to be much more comfortable and more likely to be happy and content on their own , " added Altmann .
6. Mistakes in mixing formula or breastfeeding
Making a mistake measuring formula and water happens often enough in her practice , said Altmann , that she makes it a practice to quiz parents on how they prepare baby 's meals .
She asks the same of breastfeeding moms , too .
" When I have new babies come into my practice , " said Altmann , " whether they are breastfeeding or formula feeding , I take a step back and ask these questions : ' Exactly how are you feeding your baby -- what do they look like when they are latched on ?
How are you mixing the formula ?
How are you putting it in the bottle ? ' "
On occasion she finds that one of the parents might be mixing formula wrong , by making it too concentrated or dilute .
" Usually , it 's too dilute , " said Altmann .
" Then the baby is n't getting enough nutrition and that 's when they fail to thrive .
You always want to be sure you 're reading and following the directions on the formula properly . "
And some moms may not have the baby fully latched onto the breast , so while the baby looks like it 's nursing , he or she is n't actually swallowing and feeding , said Altmann .
" It 's a good idea for breastfeeding moms to check in with a lactation consultant if they have any concerns or pain during feedings , " said Altmann .
" Then check in with your pediatrician regularly to make sure your baby is gaining weight appropriately . "
7 . Not enough tummy time
Altmann says an unfortunate mistake many new parents make -- and continue to make as baby grows -- is keeping baby constrained in a car seat , bouncy seat or other sleepers .
" I 'll see parents out with their baby , at a restaurant , at the park , talking to friends , and they are carrying the baby in the car seat , " said Altmann , who is also a spokeswoman for the American Academy of Pediatrics .
" I 'm always telling parents , ' Car seats are for cars , but do n't carry them to and fro in the car seat . ' "
Not only can spending too much time reclining create a soft spot on the back of their head , says Altmann , but not interacting with the baby can cause language delays and other issues due to a lack of stimulation .
" When your baby is not sleeping or not in the car traveling , they really should be on their tummy or held by a parent , " Altmann said .
" They should n't be strapped down , they need to move , stretch , roll and push their head up . "
8. Under - or overreacting to a fever
Fevers in newborns can be serious .
If your baby is younger than three months and develops a fever of 100.4 or higher , call your pediatrician or medical professional immediately .
But when it comes to a fever in babies and children older than that , the advice is more complex .
" For the older babies , I 'm usually telling parents not to freak out by what the number says on the thermometer , " explained Altmann .
" Instead , take a close look at your child to figure out what is happening with them , because not every fever needs to be treated . "
Look at your baby and observe .
Are they drinking fluids ?
Are they happy and playing ?
Are they sleeping OK ?
Are they having any trouble breathing ?
Those are the questions to ask yourself , Altmann said .
Experts say most fevers are harmless , and likely the result of a mild infection .
" Do n't just treat the number on the thermometer , " Altmann added .
" It does n't matter if it 's 101 or 103.5 , it 's more important how they are acting . "
9 . Proper temperature for baby in the home
Another concern for parents : how warm or cool their baby should be .
Shu said she is often asked by parents for the proper temperature setting for the home .
The answer , she says , depends on the time of year and the insulation of the home , but in general " a thermostat setting around 68 to 72 is probably comfortable for baby . "
While
Shu says she thinks many parents keep baby too warm , Gannon has found the opposite .
At homes in her practice , she said , new parents may have their baby in a T - shirt and diaper , unswaddled .
She said a baby 's skin should always be warm , not hot or cold , to the touch .
" If the baby is chilled , then his body will need to burn extra calories to raise his body temperature , instead of those calories going toward a healthy weight gain , " said Gannon .
" So even if the baby is feeding well , he or she may not be developing properly because they have to burn a lot of calories trying to get warm . "
Shu warns that newborns do n't have good circulation at first , so " having cool hands and feet is normal . "
10 .
Taking newborns into crowded places
Some parents want to take their newborn to a large family gathering so everyone can ooh - and - awww over their tiny miracle .
That could be a mistake , experts said .
Follow CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter .
" It does scare me a bit when I see newborns out and about , especially during cold and flu season , " said Altmann .
" The first two months of your baby 's life , you really need to protect them from exposure to germs and people that are potentially sick .
Your baby 's immune system is weak , and still growing and developing . "
That does n't mean you can't leave the house , however .
Experts encourage daily walks and say it 's fine to sit in your backyard or on the front porch .
" But do n't take them to crowded spaces , " Altmann said .
" That 's when you can expose them to people who potentially have the flu or another contagious illness that could spread , even if they are a few feet away . "
Dandruff flakes : a common sign on the collar
They hope a detailed knowledge of the genome of Malassezia globosa could lead to more effective treatments which block its growth .
The fungus lives and feeds on human skin , causing the itching and flaking associated with the condition .
The study , led by the firm Procter and Gamble , appears in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
A complete genomic sequencing of a Malassezia genome opens tremendous opportunities for researchers to understand the interactions of fungi and humans
Dr Thomas Dawson
It is thought that about half the human population suffers from dandruff .
Men tend to be more susceptible .
There are up to 10 million M. globosa fungi on the average human head .
The fungus , which is genetically related to yeast , feeds on sebum , the oily product produced by the sebaceous glands found in the skin .
Sebum acts to protect and waterproof hair and skin , and keep them from becoming dry , brittle and cracked .
It is made of fat and the debris of dead fat - producing cells .
M. globosa turned out to be one of the simplest organisms ever sequenced genetically by scientists , 300 times smaller than the human genome , with just 4,285 genes .
It has no ability to manufacture its own fatty acids , which are essential for life , and so relies on human sebum for its source .
Enzyme role
The latest research has revealed that the fungus causes dandruff by producing enzymes called lipases .
First , the fungus uses lipases to break down sebum , creating a compound called oleic acid .
This then penetrates the top layer of skin and triggers a faster turnover of skin cells than usual in susceptible people , resulting in dandruff .
The researchers found that the fungus produces a total of eight types of lipase , along with three phospholipases , which it uses to digest the oils from the scalp .
Each of these proteins could , they suggest , be a possible therapeutic target for new anti-dandruff preparations .
They also discovered that the fungus has the genetic potential to mate - although this has never been observed .
Researcher Dr Thomas Dawson said : " A complete genomic sequencing of a Malassezia genome opens tremendous opportunities for researchers to understand the interactions of fungi and humans . "
Current medicated shampoos help to control fungal infections , but they are not 100 % reliable .
It was only five years ago that scientists discovered that M. globosa was the cause of most cases of dandruff .
To decode the genome scientists grew ten litres of the fungus in a tank , and froze it in liquid nitrogen , before smashing it up into tiny fragments , and extracting its DNA .
Dr Bav Shergill , dermatologist for the British Skin Foundation , said : " We welcome any research into this troubling condition that affects the lives of so many individuals . "
As usual hypermodel Kate Moss cannot keep out of the news , especially after the overwhelmingly successful launch of her capsule for TopShop , which seems to have completely sold out .
And while we recognise her influence over fashion , it is usually left to the wider media to criticise her for one thing or another .
That ’s not the case today , however , with Time magazine recognising the model ’s wider influence by putting her on its list of ‘ most influential people ’ .
Such a listing , one certainly earned , places her amongst the very pillars of our society including Queen Elizabeth II .
This weekend 's heavy rainfall has caused havoc across the UK , with an estimated 1,000 homes flooded in the Northumberland town of Morpeth alone .
Homeowners in other parts of the country are also mopping up , and forecasts of further downpours later in the week could cause even more problems .
In an independent review into last year 's floods , the author , Sir Michael Pitt , warned against an " ever - increasing risk " of flooding .
So what should you do if you and your home fall victim ?
There 's water everywhere - what should I do ?
If your home is actually underwater it 's too late to worry about saving existing items , but you can start thinking about what to do once the waters start to recede .
Your first step should be to call your insurance company - most have 24 - hour emergency helplines .
What if I can't find my policy document ?
Do n't panic - your insurer should be able to find you on its database .
Look on its website or call a directory enquiries line to get its number .
Remember that your building and contents cover may be with different companies so you may need to put in two calls .
If you car is also under water you will have to call your motor insurance company as well .
Bear in mind you will only be able to make a claim if you have fully comprehensive cover .
What should I do next ?
If you are able to stay in your property but need help to prevent further damage , the Association of British Insurers ( ABI ) recommends you speak to your insurer before arranging emergency repairs , and that you keep any receipts for work done so you can claim for the cost .
Where possible , take photographs to record the damage as this could help with your insurance claim .
Also remember that water and electricity do n't mix , so make sure the electrics are checked out before you flick any switches - you should be able to claim for this on your buildings policy .
Do n't throw damaged things away , even if you will need to replace them .
For example , you may be able to claim for new kitchen units if your current ones have soaked up water and are beyond repair , but you should try to dry them out and keep them until a loss adjuster has seen them .
A loss adjuster will be sent round by your insurer to assess what damage has been done and to work out how much your pay out should be .
What if I have had to leave my property ?
In the first instance , you may be moved to emergency shelter by the rescue services , but after that you may need to move somewhere else while work is done to make your house habitable again .
Building and contents insurance will usually include provision for alternative accommodation if the damage is so great that you are unable to stay at home .
If you have both types of policy , your building insurer will be expected to take care of your claim for somewhere to stay .
Most insurers will ask you to approve with them the accommodation you are moving to before your stay begins .
Sadly , they are unlikely to stretch to the Ritz - alternative accommodation is supposed to be in keeping with your normal lifestyle , so for most people that will mean a standard hotel or B&B , at least in the short term .
Your policy is likely to have a limit on how much will be paid out for alternative accommodation - according to the ABI , this is typically around 20 % of the sum insured .
If you spend more than that , you will be liable for the cost .
What if I can't move back for a long time ?
The 20 % limit stands , even if long - term shelter is needed , but if you do n't want to stay in a hotel or B & B you should be able to arrange some accommodation that feels a bit more like home .
After last year 's floods in Hull , many homeowners decided they would like to stay in mobile homes on their drives so they could still use the top floors of their homes and have easy access to anything they might need .
This is an option , as is staying in a flat .
" It is up to the individual policyholder what they want to do , and the insurance company will pay for it , " says a spokeswoman for the ABI .
" It will either send you a cheque or pay for it directly . "
And what if I get burgled while my home is empty ?
Sadly , empty homes and cars seem to be a temptation for looters , so if you are forced to leave your property you should do your best to secure it .
Unfortunately , if you leave in a hurry and do n't lock your doors or windows then you will be unable to claim for any items that are stolen .
" There has to be a break in for a claim to be successful - it 's exactly the same as if there is n't a flood , " says the ABI .
If your home has been broken into , your insurer will pay for the missing items as well as those damaged by the floodwater .
When will I receive a pay out ?
It could take months for insurers to process claims and arrange payouts , but you may be offered an interim payment to help you buy essentials .
After last summer 's floods in Gloucestershire and Herefordshire , many insurers made immediate payments of £ 500 to help policyholders with short - term expenses .
Will I be able to get cover again ?
Insurers have said they will carry on offering flood cover to as many homeowners as possible , and many have said they will allow customers to renew existing cover .
The problem may come if you try to shop around , as no insurer is obliged to take your business .
You may be offered a policy that would pay out in other circumstances , but not if you end up under water again , which will be little comfort when you know how disruptive a flood can be , and you live in an area at risk .
If you stay with your existing insurer you could find that when you come to renew your policy your premiums have risen , and other terms such as the level of excess have changed .
If this is the case you should shop around for a new policy , but you may find you have little choice but to pay up .
A judiciary oversight committee has rejected a Boulder couple ’s request to investigate a neighboring couple who used an arcane legal loophole to take over their property .
The Colorado Supreme Court ’s Attorney Regulation Counsel rejected Don and Susie Kirlin ’s request to investigate ex-judge and former Boulder mayor Richard McLean and his lawyer wife , Edith Stevens , who won a strip of their property on Hardscrabble Drive .
McLean and Stevens won a third of a vacant lot that the Kirlins owned for more than 20 years .
The legal doctrine of “ adverse possession ” lets someone who uses another ’s property for 18 years without an owner ’s objection take control of the land under certain circumstances .
McLean and Stevens argued that they had used a strip of the 4,700 - square - foot lot to reach the garden and deck of their home virtually every day for 25 years .
Boulder District Judge James C. Klein found that McLean and Stevens met requirements needed to win the land .
Don Kirlin said Tuesday he does n’t expect to appeal Klein ’s decision .
“ I just want this thing to be over .
It is not even the money , I just do n’t want to spend the next two or three years of my life fighting to get back land that I own . ”
An FBI unit reportedly facing a criminal investigation for Patriot Act abuses is asking Congress for $ 5.3 million in 2008 to pay three telecoms to build data centers to store Americans ' communication records for years in order to provide the FBI " near real time " access to Americans ' phone and internet records .
The FBI already pays three telecoms , including AT&T and Verizon , about $ 1.8 million a year to process written " emergency " requests for telephone and internet records .
It says the 2008 requested funding ( . pdf ) will get them more than that .
The requested funding will allow for the development of data storage and retrieval systems by each contractor , accessible only by the contractor , for at least two years ’ worth of network calling records .
In addition , each contractor would provide a dedicated on - site employee to process the exigent lawful requests for data .
The Justice Department has long been pushing the nation 's phone companies and internet providers to keep records about Americans ' communications for longer periods of time .
These contracts largely achieve the FBI 's goals without having to persuading Congress or federal regulators to mandate data retention guidelines as Europe has .
The new databases will store years of land line phone call , calling card , cell phone call and internet communication records .
The contracts were first revealed after the Justice Department 's Inspector General put out a report in March showing that a key anti-terrorism office were getting phone records from telecoms with letters that included knowingly false statements .
FBI employees in the Communications Analysis Unit , which analyzes phone records for investigators , sent more than 700 " emergency letters " to those telecoms asking for phone records , promising falsely that a follow - up subpoena was in the works .
Those employees had no authority to ask for records themselves , according to the Inspector General 's reort .
Top FBI officials told privacy groups last week that a criminal investigation was underway .
The Telecommunications Data Collection Center , the unit in the FBI 's anti-terrorism component that is requesting the money , warns that without the government - funded snooping databases , counter - terrorism investigators will face obstacles :
Market demands on these companies only require them to keep records online ( quickly available ) for the short period required to collect bills .
After billing periods have passed , records are archived ; therefore , retrieving them in a time frame shorter than several weeks is not possible .
The requested funding would allow for the continuation of telecommunications industry participation at the current level of three carriers , providing access to land - line phone call , calling card , cellular phone call , and Internet communications records , all delivered in an electronic format that can be exploited immediately to help resolve terrorist threats .
The Justice
Department has refused to respond to Wired News ' open government request for copies of the contracts .
Note : re-edited for clarity Thursday 9:30 a.m. PST
On September 14 , 2001 , George Bush stood on the rubble at the World Trade Center , and , at what was called , Remarks by the President To Police , Firemen and Rescue Workers , said :
THE PRESIDENT : The nation sends its love and compassion to everybody who is here .
Thank you for your hard work .
Thank you for making the nation proud .
And may God bless America .
( Applause . ) CROWD : U.S.A .!
U.S.A.!
( The President waves small American flag . ) ( Applause . )
And today ?
Apparently we 'll still be sending love and compassion ... money ?
Not so much :
The Bush administration intends to slash counterterrorism funding for police , firefighters and rescue departments across the country by more than half next year , according to budget documents obtained by The Associated Press . [...]
The plan calls for outright elimination of programs for port security , transit security , and local emergency management operations in the next budget year .
Is it because we can't afford to protect the United States and spend a billion dollars a day in Iraq ?
Or did we win the GWOT and that alert level can finally go to Green ?
Of course I did it .
These are people who made a living as side - show freaks .
Most had physical disorders and had no alternative way of making a living .
A list of this type would not be complete without the most famous attraction of all : The Elephant Man. NOTE : Click the images for a larger view .
10 Joseph Merrick
The Elephant Man
Born in 1862 , Joseph Merrick developed a physical disorder that caused his limbs to grow extremely large when he was five years old .
He joined a side - show attraction in 1884 where he was treated well and earnt a large sum of money .
A visiting doctor saw him there and made arrangements for him to live a better life .
It now believed that Joseph Merrick actually suffered from Proteus Syndrome and not elephantiasis as is commonly thought .
Merrick died at the age of 27 from suffocation while he slept .
9 Juan Baptista dos Santos
The Man With Two Penises
Advertisement
Jean ( or Juan ) Baptista dos Santos is said to have been a “ Gipsey ” , born in Faro , Portugal around 1843 , to normal parents with two other normal children .
His career as an exhibitionist seems to have been confined strictly to medical circles ; in 1865 turned down a sum of 200,000 francs to appear for two years with a French circus .
He possessed two functioning penes and three scrota , the outer two of which each contained a single testis .
Dos Santos claimed that the central scrotum had also contained a pair of fully - formed testes , but that these had retreated into his abdomen when he was ten years old .
8 Myrtle Corbin
The Four Legged Lady
Josephine Myrtle Corbin was born in Lincoln County , Tennessee in 1868 .
She was born a dipygus , meaning that she had two separate pelvises side by side from the waist down .
The extra legs were part of a twin that did not split correctly , like Frank Lentini with his third leg .
Each of her smaller inner legs was paired with one of her outer legs .
She was said to be able to move her inner legs , but they were too weak for walking .
She had four daughters and a son .
7 Mademoiselle Gabrielle
The Half Lady
Born in Basle , Switzerland , in 1884 , Gabrielle Fuller first joined the circus at the Paris Exposition in 1900 .
She travelled with the Ringling Brothers Circus and appeared at Coney Island ’s Dreamland sideshow .
She was married at least twice , once to a man named John de Fuller .
She had a perfectly formed upper body which ended smoothly just below the waist .
6 Mary Ann Bevan
The Ugliest Woman
Mary Ann Webster was born in London , England in 1874 , one of eight children .
As a young woman she worked as a nurse and in 1903 married a greengrocer named Thomas Bevan .
Shortly after getting married , Mary Ann began exhibiting symptoms of acromegaly , a form progressive giantism that causes abnormal growth and distortion of the facial features , as well as headaches , failing eyesight and joint and muscle pain .
The Bevans had four children before Thomas ’ death in 1914 .
5 Martin Laurello
The Human Owl
The man who we have come to know as Martin Laurello was born Martin Emmerling in Nuremburg , Germany around 1886 .
He began to perform his act in Europe when in his 20’s and brought it over to America in 1921 .
He appeared several times at Coney Island and worked also for Ringling Bros.
Barnum & Bailey ’s sideshow .
He also worked for Dick Best ’s Royal American Shows and as late as 1945 was appearing with Ripley ’s shows along with “ Popeye Perry ” and “ Junior Stiles ” , 7 - year old Lobster Boy .
4 Mme. Clofullia
The Bearded Lady of Geneva
Madame Clofullia was born Josephine Boisdechene in Switzerland .
She was born hairy and reputedly had a two - inch beard at the age of eight .
At the age of fourteen she began to tour Europe , first accompanied by her father and an agent and then with her father alone .
In Paris she met painter Fortune Clofullia and eventually married him .
She also gained extra fame when she fashioned her beard in the imitation of that of Napoleon III .
In return , the ruler gave her a large diamond .
3 Wang
The Human Unicorn
In 1930 , a Chinese farmer from Manchukuo was discovered by an expat Russian banker .
The Russian was able to take a picture of the man and he sent the snapshot off to Robert Ripley of ‘ Believe It Or Not ! ’ fame .
Known only as Wang , or sometimes referred to as Weng , the farmer was normal in every respect except fot the fact that he possessed a fourteen - inch spire - like horn growing from the back of his head .
Ripley offered a huge cash reward to anyone who could produce Wang for an appearance in his Odditorium .
However Wang disappeared from the public eye in the early 1930 ’s and was never heard from again .
2 Lionel
The Lion Faced Boy
Stephan Bibrowsky was born in Poland in 1890 to normal parents .
He suffered from hypertrichosis , a rare genetic disease that covers the entire bodies of the subjects with a thick coat of fur .
Only about 50 cases of the disorder have been documented since the Middle Ages .
In the case of Lionel , six - inch - long hair covered his body .
He was discovered by a German man named Meyer when he was four years old and became famous throughout Europe where he gained the nickname of Lionel the Lion - Faced Man .
Far from being exhibited as a beast , he wore often the best clothes to show that under his hairs he was a literate and enjoyable person that spoke five languages .
1 Ella Harper
The Camel Girl
This is the text from Ella Harper ’s pitch card .
A pitch card was an advertising flyer for attractions at a sideshow .
“ I am called the camel girl because my knees turn backward .
I can walk best on my hands and feet as you see me in the picture .
I have traveled considerbly in the show business for the past four years and now , this is 1886 and I intend to quit the show business and go to school and fit myself for another occupation . ”
I have actually seen a living case of this in Verona , Italy .
A woman was kneeling on the road begging but her legs were bent in front of her at the knee rather than behind .
Top 10 Bizarre Videos
A collection of YouTube videos that defy explanation
If you liked this article , you will loveA collection of YouTube videos that defy explanation
Most photographs in this article are from The Human Marvels .
Feeling an inescapable connection with some of these people ?
Show your pride with this Super Freak T - Shirt at Amazon.com !
Where to Visit in Costa Rica ?
If it ’s your first time visiting the country , you may be overwhelmed by how much choice you have – beaches , mountains , lakes , volcanoes , rainforests , cloud forests …
Choose your own adventure when you explore the nation ’s landscapes .
Here are the top five best Costa Rica places to visit Arenal First on the list is Arenal .
Technically , the name of the town is La Fortuna , Costa Rica but ‘ Arenal ’ is the catchall term used to refer to the Arenal recreational area – which includes Arenal Volcano , Arenal Volcano National Park , Lake Arenal , and some excellent whitewater rafting rivers .
Incredible views of the volcano are available throughout town .
Here , you can enjoy rugged activities like hiking near a volcano , rappelling , rafting , and mountain biking around the lake .
Monteverde Monteverde , Costa Rica is on the other side of Lake Arenal and offers you a different kind of outdoor adventure .
The Monteverde Cloud Forest Reserve is definitely a place you should see within your lifetime , and is home to an impressive variety of plants and animals .
Other popular attractions include zip lines , suspension bridges , aerial trams , horseback riding , and night tours of the forest .
Manuel Antonio
If it ’s the beach you ’re after , start with Manuel Antonio , because this destination has something for everyone – snorkeling , jungle excursions , birdwatching , river tubing , and day trips on catamarans … you have serious options .
The best part ?
Manuel Antonio National
Park is home to a wide variety of animals , so you can see wildlife up - close while supporting the infrastructure that maintains their natural habitat .
Santa Teresa - Mal Pais Looking to live the life of a quintessential beachbum or surfer ?
Welcome to the twin towns of Santa Teresa - Mal Pais , Costa Rica .
In Santa Teresa , you can enjoy sun soaked days surfing and evenings sipping an ice cold beer at a beach party .
Meanwhile , the quiet hamlet of Mal Pais lets you fish to your heart ’s content and enjoy quiet , uncrowded beaches ( they ’re great for yoga , reading , and sketching ) .
Tortuguero Tortuguero , Costa Rica features an Afro-Caribbean vibe that you ’ll miss in other parts of the country .
You know what else you wo n’t want to miss ?
Floating safaris where caimans , crocodiles , and birds call canals and the surrounding marsh home .
The region is also home to nesting sea turtles , hence its name – Tortuguero translates as ‘ region of turtles ’ .
When is The Best Time to Visit Costa Rica ?
Anytime is a great time to visit Costa Rica !
But odds are by “ best time to visit ” you mean , “ When is Costa Rica ’s Dry Season ? ”
That ’s going to be December to April on the country ’s Pacific Slope , but keep in mind , that this is also the busiest time of the year – international sunseekers flock to the country in droves to beat the winter blues .
On the Caribbean Slope , the dry season is July to October .
Keep in mind that each coast is prone to occasional rain showers any time of year , and it is not uncommon for mountainous regions to be cooler than their lower elevation counterparts .
May to November is dubbed ‘ green season ’ because the rainy portion of the year is what keeps the nation ’s foliage vibrant and beautiful .
During this period , the Pacific Coast undergoes a stunning transformation – Pacific Dry Forests are transformed into lush rainforests , making the terrain incredibly picturesque .
The term ‘ green season ’ also takes on a double meaning when you book your trip , because it ’s also the time of year when you can ‘ save some green . ’
Low - season means great savings on accommodations and activities , and it ’s not uncommon for showers to pass in the afternoon and give way to sunbreaks , so it ’s not like your entire vacation will be a literal wash .
If you do n’t want to sacrifice indulgences , but still need to travel to Costa Rica economically , consider vacationing this time of year .
The busiest travel times in Costa Rica ( non-weather related ) are during Christmas and New Year 's , as well as the week leading up to Easter Sunday , which is known as Semana Santa or Holy Week .
If you plan to travel during these weeks then you must book your hotel well in advance — but it ’s a better idea to simply plan your visit to Costa Rica for another time .
Does Costa Rica Have Good Beaches ?
Costa Rica ’s beaches are great !
Even better , there ’s a beach for you – whether you ’re looking to enjoy romantic interludes , outdoor adventure , or quiet , uncrowded bliss .
Seeking a romantic getaway for two ?
Stay in Nosara and Samara on the Nicoya Peninsula – an extraordinarily beautiful and high - end beach enclave with soft white sand .
Need something more down to Earth and laid - back ?
Check out the twin towns of Santa Teresa - Mal Pais ; the former is great for surfing and bonfire kickbacks , the latter is a quiet fishing hamlet with uncrowded beaches .
Nearby and super chill Montezuma is also worth considering .
If nature is the name of the game , then you ’ll definitely want to head to Drake Bay , aka the gateway to Corcovado National Park .
This shoreline is not for sunning yourself .
Trek through ecologically diverse primary rainforests ; snorkel in waters teeming with marine life ; go sea kayaking , horseback riding , and more .
For the perfect mix of outdoor adventure , nighttime fun , and even romance , Tamarindo fits the bill .
Its golden beaches promise a good time for children and adults alike .
As for exploring , you can take plenty of day trips to additional beaches that offer great snorkeling and jungle access – some of which are within national parks , so you ’ll have an even better chance of spotting local wildlife .
How to Plan A Trip to Costa Rica ?
There are three simple steps to planning your Costa Rica itinerary .
Step 1 : Determine your travel budget , because this is the one thing that has the least amount of flexibility .
Your travel budget dictates which time of year you should visit , and the kind of experiences and accommodations you should consider .
Need an example ?
Let ’s say you have to factor the children ’s schedules in ; well , they have both winter and summer off .
North American and European winters are Costa Rica ’s high - season , but summer is “ green season ” .
So the time of year that might be a stretch for a family of four is within reach if they do n’t mind a little rain .
By the way ; even Costa Rica ’s rainy season is known for having moderate temperatures and sun bursts .
Step 2 : Choose the type travel experience you ’d like to have – economical , moderate , luxury ?
Want to splurge on accommodations because you want to spend most of your time relaxing ?
Or , do you just need a clean place to rest your head and take a hot shower because you ’re heading to Costa Rica for back - to - back adventures ?
Once you know where you want your travel budget to go , and why , you can finally …
Step 3 : Determine when you want to go .
If your budget allows for the high - season , you can consider visiting Costa Rica from December to April .
Need to save a little green during green season ?
You ’ll be booking your trip from May to November .
Either way , you have several months to choose from , no matter your budget !
Bonus Points : Let an Anywhere Local Expert manage all of your accommodations , activities , and transportation .
We ’ll do all the heavy lifting when it comes to designing a personalized travel itinerary – whatever your needs .
Instead of spending hours online researching , you get to pick and choose from the options that already meet your specifications for budget , trip type , and time of year !
Is Costa Rica ’s Food Safe ?
Costa Rica ’s food is not only safe , it ’s delicious !
Hearty helpings of chicken , rice , and beans make frequent appearances on restaurant menus .
As a tropical Central American nation , the region also boasts superb fruits and vegetables .
As for beverages , you ’re probably wondering , “ Is Costa Rica ’s water safe ? ”
More specifically , “ Is Costa Rica ’s water safe to drink ? ”
Yes , on both counts !
It ’s safe to splash around in the water , and you can find clean tap water throughout Costa Rica and in most tourist destinations .
You are also much less likely to suffer from stomach upset than in other countries in Central America .
So , if the restaurant you ’re in looks clean , feel free to order whatever strikes your fancy – and a nice cold drink to go with it .
What is The Currency in Costa Rica ?
The Costa Rican currency is the ‘ colon ’ , which hovers between 550 - 600 colones / $ 1 USD .
U.S. dollars are widely accepted , provided the bill is not too large ( $ 50 and $ 100 bills are rarely accepted ) .
Hotels and tours generally list their prices in dollars .
Compared to the rest of Central America , prices in Costa Rica are relatively high , due in large part to the country ’s high standard of living .
Typical Costa Rican food and produce is quite inexpensive , while imported products are priced similarly to U.S. prices .
A typical Costa Rican breakfast and lunch will cost around 2000 - 5000 colones ( $ 4 - 10 ) .
So , when shopping in Costa Rica , you have plenty of options whether you ’ve exchanged your money into the local Costa Rican currency or not .
Is It Safe to Drive in Costa Rica ?
Yes , it is technically safe to drive in Costa Rica .
In truth , it is more accurate to say that driving in Costa Rica is safe if you are a defensive driver who is down for an adventure .
Love a good road trip and figure you ’ll take the scenic route during your getaway ?
There are a few things you should know about Costa Rica ’s driving conditions first .
Here , when the rubber meets the road you never know what you ’re going to get – Costa Rica ’s road conditions vary widely throughout the country .
So , that road trip you ’re envisioning will be less exploring dusty , open roads to beautiful beaches , and more driving on two - lane freeways .
With the nation ’s tropical climate and mountainous terrain , many roads are difficult to maintain , and many have never been paved .
Relatively short distances can take many hours due to poor road conditions or traffic , and some roads are simply inaccessible during the rainy season when rivers swell .
It is always a good idea to check with the locals about current road conditions before planning a day trip or taking off in your rental car ( which may not be maintained to the standards you ’re used to ) .
These tips can make or break your day , so it ’s best to book transportation with Anywhere , and leave the driving to the professionals .
They are used to the quirks of the roads and getting you from point A to point B as efficiently ( and safely ) as possible .
What is Costa Rica ’s Geography ?
Costa Rica is in Central America ; the country 's total area is 19,730 square miles ( 51,100 sq km ) , which is slightly smaller than the state of West Virginia in the U.S.
The nation shares land borders with Nicaragua to the north and Panama to the south ; the west coast is lined by the Pacific Ocean , while the Caribbean Sea dominates the east coast .
Costa Rica 's terrain varies between coastal plains and rugged mountains .
In fact , the mountains separate the coasts almost perfectly thanks to the Continental Divide , or ‘ backbone of Central America ’ , running right through the country .
The drastic change from beaches to high - elevation mountains is a large part of why Costa Rica is known for having “ 15 climates in a day ” .
It might not actually be that drastic , but the weather does vary significantly from beach to forest , lowland to highland , and coast to coast .
The nation ’s highest point is Cerro Chirripo , which rises to 12,500 feet ( 3,810 meters ) in the Chirripó National Park .
More than 100 volcanic cones dot the landscape and five of them are still active – Arenal , Irazu , Poas , Rincon de La Vieja , and Turrialba .
What is Costa Rica ’s Climate Like ?
Seasonal , but mostly divided between a wet season and dry season – you wo n’t find the extremely harsh winters some regions endure in North America and Europe .
With a variety of terrains and elevations comes many microclimates in Costa Rica , so although there is a general ‘ best time of year ’ to visit Costa Rica , the specific weather is likely to vary from coast to coast .
It rains year - round in Costa Rica ( gotta ’ keep the country green ) , so bring a light rain jacket .
From December to April is generally considered the dry season , and the rainy season starts in May .
However , the Caribbean Coast is much less predictable than the Pacific Coast and can receive rain throughout the year , but it too has a mostly dry stretch from July to October .
The nation ’s mountains and volcanoes further create their own series of Costa Rica microclimates ; a rainy day at the beach may be nothing more than a morning or afternoon shower here .
Likewise , the mountains may be cooler when other parts of the country are pleasantly warm .
What is Costa Rica ’s Culture Like ?
The word to best describe Costa Rica ’s culture is : friendly – from the food to the landscape , the nation is friendly , beautiful , eclectic , outdoorsy , and extremely eco-friendly .
Sustainability has become one of the cornerstones of modern - day Costa Rican culture ; it is understood that to continue enjoying the land for generations to come , we must take care of it now .
In the past 40 years , the Costa Rican government has demonstrated a keen awareness of the relationship between tourism and the environment .
In order to maintain Costa Rica ’s awe - inspiring biodiversity , the Institute of Costa Rican Tourism has implemented a system that rewards hotels and tour providers that implement green business practices .
What is Costa Rica ’s Government ?
Costa Rica ’s government type is a “ Democratic Republic ” .
The nation has an “ Executive Power System ” which consists of a President , two Vice Presidents , and an extended Legislative Assembly .
Much like the United States , Costa Rica has an Executive Branch , Legislative Branch , and Judicial Branch .
The people electing their President is a large portion of why the nation enjoys strong governmental ( and economic ) stability .
Another reason ?
A lack of military .
Since Costa Rica has no military , it is able to put additional funding toward the betterment of the nation and its citizens .
Public education up to the 11th grade , universal healthcare , national parks , and reserves are a few of the core benefits .
Another is the nation ’s high degree of sustainability .
Again , without having to factor in a military budget , Costa Rica has been able to focus on building it ’s sustainable infrastructure and is on track to become the world ’s first carbon - neutral country .
The government continues to support these endeavors rather than allow businesses to plunder the nation ’s exhaustible resources .
With a government that ensures basic social needs are met , a high degree of literacy , and plenty of safe and clean outdoor space , there is very little need for dissension amongst citizens .
How is Costa Rica ’s Economy ?
It ’s great !
There are many reasons Costa Rica ’s society is so pleasant , and enjoying economic stability is chief among them .
Costa Rica is a peaceful country , and has not had a standing army since 1948 .
The government provides free education for citizens through the 11th grade , as well as healthcare .
Citizens of Costa Rica enjoy a high standard of living — there is a 96 percent literacy rate and an average life expectancy of 78 years .
“ Okay , but what is what is Costa Rica ’s economy based on ? ” you ask .
Costa Rica ’s economy revolves around foreign investment and tourism .
In the past decade , Costa Rica has attracted businesses from the United States , including IBM , Dell , and Western Union .
25 percent of the nation ’s territory is devoted to national parks and reserves , and Costa Rica has put a stop to deforestation .
The country also enjoys a healthy agricultural industry which includes coffee , chocolate , and fruit as popular exports .
Why is Costa Rica So Sustainable ?
What makes Costa Rica so sustainable is a firm commitment to sustainability – nationwide .
This is one of the reasons why ecotourism and sustainable development in Costa Rica go hand in hand .
However , living up to environmental virtues and sustainable development remains a constant battle throughout the country , whether due to lucrative contract offers , corrupt politics , or illegal poaching and logging .
Nevertheless , Costa Rica has largely resisted opportunities to exploit its vast natural resources for valued commodities , despite having a high density of precious metals in the South Pacific , oil along the Pacific Coast , and rare hardwoods in the rainforest .
Instead of plundering its own exhaustible resources , Costa Rica has opted for an ethic of sustainable development and a commitment to develop renewable energy .
The nation is already on track to become the first carbon - neutral country ; as of 2020 , more than 99 percent of its energy needs are met through a combination of geothermal , hydroelectric , and wind power , with strides being made in the solar and biomass sectors as well .
Energy alternatives already in place are a large part of what keeps Costa Rica sustainable , and allows the country to focus on researching and implementing new sustainable methods in other areas .
How to Travel Sustainably in Costa Rica ?
Dodd calls for investigation into Bush role in Plame affair Mike Aivaz and Jason Rhyne
Published : Wednesday November 21 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This Following the publication of an advance excerpt from a new book by former White House Press Secretary Scott McClellan , Democratic presidential contender Sen. Chris Dodd ( D - CT ) on Tuesday called for a Justice Department investigation into President Bush 's role in events surrounding the outing of ex-CIA agent Valerie Plame .
McClellan 's book , entitled What Happened , accuses President Bush and other top administration officials of helping to mislead the press about White House involvement in the leaking of Plame 's name .
The allegation was revealed in a brief excerpt on the website of the book 's publisher .
" Today 's revelations by Mr. McClellan are very disturbing and raise several important questions that need to be answered , " Dodd wrote in a statement posted at his campaign 's website on Tuesday .
" If in fact the President of the United of States knowingly instructed his chief spokesman to mislead the American people , there can be no more fundamental betrayal of the public trust . "
Later in the statement , Dodd asked that newly confirmed US Attorney General Michael Mukasey investigate the president 's involvement in the matter .
" During his confirmation process , Attorney General Mukasey said he would act independently , " the senator added .
" Accordingly , today , I call on the Attorney General to live up to his word and launch an immediate investigation to determine the facts of this case , the extent of any cover up and determine what the President knew and when he knew it . "
In his book , McClellan writes that he had " publicly exonerated two of the senior - most aides in the White House : Karl Rove and Scooter Libby " in the matter .
But he claims his defense of the top staffers was based on inaccurate information .
" There was one problem .
It was not true , " he writes .
" I had unknowingly passed along false information .
And five of the highest ranking officials in the administration were involved in my doing so : Rove , Libby , the vice President , the President 's chief of staff , and the president himself . "
Valerie Plame responded to McClellan 's revelation in a Tuesday statement .
" I am outraged to learn that former White House Press Secretary Scott McClellan confirms that he was sent out to lie to the press corps and the American public about two senior White House officials , Karl Rove and I. Lewis ' Scooter ' Libby who deliberately and recklessly revealed my identity as a covert CIA operations officer , " said Plame .
" Even more shocking , McClellan confirms that not only Karl Rove and Scooter Libby told him to lie but Vice President Cheney , Presidential Chief of Staff Andrew Card , and President Bush also ordered McClellan to issue his misleading statement . "
Although McClellan has n't publicly commented on his book excerpt , NBC White House correspondent David Gregory told MSNBC 's Hardball program that McClellan may be making a quiet effort to downplay the accusation .
" Two White House officials , former White House officials have told me today that McClellan himself is pointing people to one of his previous statements , which was ... that Bush , the president was given the same assurances that he , Scott McClellan , was from the people involved , " reported Gregory .
" So there is an attempt to water this down . "
Gregory went on to question the release of that particular excerpt from the book .
" Why is it being promoted in this way if it is n't completely accurate , " Gregory continued , " and what are we supposed to make about something that raises more questions than it answers ? "
The following video is from MSNBC 's HARDBALL , broadcast on November 20 , 2007 .
Huckabee 's Chairman Hid Payoff Secret
The pundits on CNN’s “ Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer ” were unanimous : Republican campaign strategist Ed Rollins was a great guy and his hiring as national chairman for Mike Huckabee ’s presidential campaign gave it a solid jolt of credibility .
Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly But Blitzer ’s panel of journalists on Dec. 14 did n’t seem to either know or care that Rollins has withheld evidence since 1991 about the identity of a top Filipino politician who admitted delivering an illegal $ 10 million cash payment to Ronald Reagan ’s 1984 campaign from Philippine dictator Ferdinand Marcos .
Rollins , who ran Reagan ’s reelection campaign , mentioned the admission in his 1996 book , Bare Knuckles and Back Rooms , recounting how the Filipino casually asserted over drinks that he had carried the money in a suitcase to a Republican lobbyist who was representing the Reagan campaign .
" I was the guy who gave the ten million from Marcos to your campaign , " the Filipino told Rollins .
" I was the guy who made the arrangements and delivered the cash personally .
... It was a personal gift from Marcos to Reagan . "
In his book , Rollins described this stunning news with a light touch .
The first thought that raced through his head , he wrote , was " Cash ?
Holy shit . "
However , Rollins has refused since to divulge the name of either the Filipino politician or the Republican lobbyist .
And it speaks volumes of the mood during the mid-1990s – when Ronald Reagan ’s legacy was taking on mythic status – that no one pressed Rollins for details of this crime .
Also , that Rollins could drop this tidbit into his memoir , go mum on identifying the direct participants , and still remain a universally respected Washington insider says a lot about the morality of today ’s political establishment .
In his memoir , Rollins tried to minimize the significance of the suitcase full of cash by suggesting that the illegal contribution might never have reached the campaign or President Reagan .
" I knew the lobbyist well and I had no doubt the money was now in some offshore bank , " Rollins wrote .
But Rollins had no way to know for sure – and it would have been a very risky move for the lobbyist to divert $ 10 million in cash that Marcos was sending personally to Reagan , especially since the lobbyist would have to assume that Marcos had told Reagan that the money was on the way .
There also was a history to the allegations of Marcos - Reagan payoffs .
Dancing with Mrs. Marcos
The Marcos - Reagan relationship dated back at least to 1969 when President Richard Nixon assigned Reagan to represent the United States at the gala opening of Imelda Marcos 's multi-million - dollar cultural center in Manila .
Reagan charmed the Philippine president and his wife .
The former Hollywood movie actor twirled Mrs. Marcos around the dance floor .
By 1980 , Marcos had another reason to root for a Reagan presidency .
Marcos was weary of President Jimmy Carter 's nagging about human rights violations in the Philippines .
Marcos also was unnerved by Carter 's inability to protect another friendly despot , the Shah of Iran , who was overthrown in 1979 and forced into a humiliating exile .
If Reagan were to defeat Carter , Marcos could expect that the human rights lectures would stop and U.S. officials would look the other way when it came to Marcos 's staggering corruption .
Carter ’s reelection campaign also was hobbled by his inability to free 52 American hostages then held by radicals in Iran , a crisis that opened the door to Reagan 's landslide victory .
In the years since , some witnesses have claimed that Marcos put up money to support a covert Republican operation to contact Iranian authorities behind Carter ’s back and to bribe them into delaying release of the hostages until after the November 1980 election .
Documentary evidence of a Marcos - to - Reagan payoff in 1980 first surfaced after Marcos was ousted by a popular revolution in March 1986 .
As Marcos 's fall neared , Reagan arranged for the dictator to be flown to safety in Hawaii .
After Marcos left , his opponents ransacked government files and found a Feb. 17 , 1986 , letter signed by a senior Marcos aide , Victor Nituda .
In the letter , Nituda told Marcos that Reagan 's emissary , Sen. Paul Laxalt , R - Nevada , was demanding that sensitive files , including ones listing the 1980 transactions , be turned over before Marcos could go to Hawaii .
Nituda 's letter specifically cited accounts set up for Reagan and his 1980 campaign manager William J. Casey , who became Reagan ’s CIA director in 1981 .
Laxalt had served as Reagan ’s campaign chairman in 1980 .
Laxalt " expects all documents checklisted during his last visit or the deal [ for a Hawaiian exile ] is off , " Nituda wrote .
The first two documents listed were " 1980 - SEC - 014 : Funds to Casey " and " 1980 - SEC - 015 : Reagan Funds Not Used . "
In a follow - up letter three days later , Nituda added , " we urgently need to fly the last batch to Clark [ Air Force base ] soonest .
[ National security adviser William ] Clark and [ Reagan chief of staff Michael ]
Deaver are not happy with what we 've sent them so far . "
Nituda wrote that Laxalt wanted files from 1984 , too , including papers on bank loans and Marcos 's " donations to Gen . [ John ] Singlaub " who then was raising secret funds for the Nicaraguan contra rebels .
For years , Laxalt 's spokesmen have denied that the senator had any discussions with Marcos about the information referenced in the Nituda letter .
In an interview in 1996 , Deaver also told me that he has no idea what Nituda was writing about .
Supporting Evidence
But there was evidence supporting the Nituda account .
During his Hawaiian exile , Marcos said he gave Reagan $ 4 million in 1980 and $ 8 million in 1984 , in an admission to Republican lawyer Richard Hirschfeld , who secretly tape - recorded the conversation .
Hirschfeld turned part of the tape over to Congress .
But the core allegations – that President Reagan had received illegal pay - offs from a foreign dictator – were never seriously explored .
Marcos died in exile in 1989 .
Though making no reference to this history , the Rollins book adds further corroboration that Marcos did make large payments to Reagan .
Rollins wrote that he asked Laxalt about the $ 10 million payment when the two men were alone at cabins they owned in Front Royal , Virginia .
" Paul absorbed the story with increasing interest , " Rollins wrote , then quoting Laxalt as declaring : " Christ , now it all makes sense .
When I was over there cutting off Marcos 's nuts , he gave me a hard time .
‘ How can you do this ? ’ he kept saying to me .
‘ I gave Reagan ten million dollars .
How can he do this to me ? ’
I did n't know what the hell he was talking about .
Now I get it . "
Though clearly self - serving and quite likely disingenuous , Laxalt 's comment confirmed that he and Marcos discussed the alleged payoffs to Reagan .
That contradicted the earlier denials from Laxalt 's aides that the topic never arose .
But it seems more likely that Laxalt , who was one of Reagan 's closest advisers , knew exactly what Marcos meant .
Hirschfeld also dangled hints that he possessed bank records showing where many of the Marcos accounts were located and documenting how much money went to Reagan and to other Republicans .
Yet , when I spoke with Hirschfeld who was living in Charlottesville , Virginia , he refused to release any documentary evidence voluntarily .
In the mid-1990s , when Rollins 's book was published , the national press corps was absorbed with a host of “ Clinton scandals ” involving his personal finances and his marital indiscretions .
So there was no appetite to revisit unresolved mysteries of the 1980s , especially ones that might put the well - liked Ronald Reagan in a negative light .
It did n’t seem to matter much that President Reagan might have been taking secret payoffs from a foreign despot or that the dictator 's money might have been used to influence the outcome of the 1980 election by extending the captivity of 52 Americans held by a hostile state .
BCCI Mystery
An investigation of the Marcos money might have shed light , too , on another perplexing mystery from the 1980s : the curious relationship between the U.S. government and the corrupt Bank of Credit and Commerce International .
On Jan. 22 , 1981 , two days after Reagan 's Inauguration , Marcos and some cronies co-founded a Hong Kong bank in partnership with New York financier John Shaheen , one of Casey 's closest friends dating back to their days together in the World War II - era Office of Strategic Services .
Called the Hong Kong Deposit and Guaranty , the bank was capitalized with $ 20 million supplied by Princess Ashraf , the Shah of Iran 's strong - willed twin sister who shared Marcos ’s intense hatred of President Carter .
The bank attracted onto its board leading BCCI figures , including Abu Dhabi's Ghanim al - Mazrouie and Saudi diplomat Hassan Yassin , the cousin of Iran - Contra figure and Saudi financier Adnan Khashoggi .
In 1983 , the Hong Kong bank collapsed with reported losses of more than $ 100 million .
The money was never recovered , but Shaheen associates claimed that prior to the bank ’s failure , substantial amounts were funneled to Marcos , who reportedly was pulling the strings behind the scenes .
The Hong Kong bank might have been a missing link in the intelligence mysteries of the 1980s , connecting the early Reagan - Iran deals with key BCCI players .
It also could explain how Marcos was repaid for his alleged 1980 largesse and why he would be even more generous in 1984 .
[ For details , see Robert Parry ’s Secrecy & Privilege . ]
In a normal political / media world , there would have been a clamor about the alleged payoffs to Reagan as well as demands that Rollins be put under oath before government investigators who would demand to know the names of both the Filipino with the suitcase and the Republican lobbyist .
Then , they , too , would have been interrogated .
The government also would have forced Hirschfeld to turn over whatever evidence he had on the mysterious bank accounts .
But none of that happened .
Instead , the remarkable admissions in the Rollins book were quietly swept under the rug and Rollins remained a respected member of the Washington political fraternity .
Now , Rollins has reemerged as the national chairman for the campaign of former Arkansas Gov.
Huckabee , who is fast rising to the top of the GOP field .
With the story of the $ 10 million Marcos - to - Reagan payoff long since forgotten , Rollins can expect to appear on TV news shows as a respected spokesman for the Huckabee campaign , with Wolf Blitzer and other pundits praising Rollins for his good - natured integrity .
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Neck Deep : The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush , was written with two of his sons , Sam and Nat , and can be ordered at neckdeepbook.com .
His two previous books , Secrecy & Privilege : The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth ' are also available there .
Or go to Amazon.com .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
A new poll shows that 81 % of Turks favor invading northern Iraq , up from 46 % in July .
‘ The number of people saying Turkey should conduct a cross - border military operation against militants of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party ( PKK ) stood at 81 percent , up sharply from 46 percent in the last poll in July . ’
.
The Reuters article continues ,
‘ Despite U.S. offers of help for NATO ally Turkey in fighting the PKK , the poll showed the number of Turks with a negative view of the United States had risen to 86 percent from 49 percent in November 2003 after the U.S. invasion of Iraq . ‘
Reuters adds :
‘ he survey showed support for Turkey ’s European Union membership bid had fallen to 51 percent from 52 percent in July , with 40 percent now opposed to joining .
A few years ago , support for EU membership was above 70 percent .
Turks with higher education were most opposed to joining the bloc . ‘
Although some pointy - headed tree - huggers want to pin part of the blame for the impending disaster on the unregulated growth of the fastest growing city in the United States , Republican Governor Sonny Perdue identifies the real villain as over - regulation .
Perdue blasted what he called the " silly rules " governing the water supplies , noting that even if the state got replenishing rains , it could not by law conserve those , but must release 3.2 billion gallons a day downstream .
" The actions of the Corps of Engineers and Fish and Wildlife Service are not only irresponsible , I believe they 're downright dangerous and Georgia cannot stand for this negligence , " Perdue said .
Unfortunately , a big swath of Alabama depends on the outflow from Lake Allatoona , and the selfish Alabamians are successfully resisting Governor Perdue 's brilliant plan to save Atlanta by killing Mobile .
Considering the fantastic cloud of ambiguity that the petroleum industry and its friends throw over every environmental issue , it 's probably a good idea to be explicit about the sort of thing that you would normally expect any idiot to understand .
So ...
When Atlanta runs out of water , Atlanta will die .
What to do ?
Georgia 's favorite son Newt Gingrich recommends desalinization of ocean water as part of his Contract with the Earth , which would also cure global warming with ... wait for it ... tax breaks for auto makers .
How long would it take to build desalinization plants massive enough to supply Atlanta , and the rest of the infrastructure for delivery ?
What would become of the millions of gallons of poisonous brine that big desalinization plants produce every day ?
Who would pay to build the plants ?
Who could afford the much more expensive water , if it ever got to Atlanta ?
What would Atlanta drink in the meantime ?
" I 'll think about that tomorrow , " as Scarlet O'Hara used to say , and that famous phrase still fits the pitiful , anti-regulatory , tax - break " environmentalism " of the New South , even as it merges irresistibly with the Old South among civilizations Gone with the Wind .
I read an NYT article recently about The Really Terrible Orchestra .
Their goal , in their own words , is as follows :
The policy of the orchestra is to make no distinction between the various grades of ability and the various forms of music , or time signature .
The RTO looks forward to a further lowering of standards , in order to underline its commitment to accessibility and relevance .
You can go to their website and listen ( they ’re not that bad ) , but that ’s not the point .
The point is this : if the Boston Philharmonic and the RTO both threw parties on the same night , the RTO party would kick The Boston Philharmonic party ’s ass .
Why ?
Because the RTO vibe , as I read it , is free and open .
They ’re looking to experience more than to be perfect .
Their rule set for what music is , and what it means , is way more open than any formalized orchestra could ever be .
This sounds idiotic but I think being good , as in proficient , is n’t good all the time .
No doubt being good is good : I ’ll hire a good doctor or lawyer over a bad one every time .
But as I get older I realize how important it is for my soul to be bad or awful in at least one thing I do , and to take pleasure in it anyway .
There is a way to take pleasure in things independent of my ability at them and I ’m convinced that cultivating it will make me a happier person .
This works solo , but even in groups I ’d rather spend time with other people being silly & bad , than boring and good .
And while children naturally have this ability since most toddlers are happy and talentless ( despite what their parents say ) , I find as I age it ’s increasingly hard to find peers who :
Are willing to be bad in front of others , much less enjoy it Accept my interest in taking pleasure in my badness at something .
Perhaps I need new friends , or must ignore their judgments , either way , as we age there ’s the assumption we should know better than to do things we ’re bad at .
If you ’re 15 and dance like a hapless idiot , that ’s one thing , but when you ’re 35 , it ’s a different story .
In my thirties now I find people my age take life so much more seriously than a decade ago and I do n’t fit in so well .
I ’m still crazy .
And struggle as I might , my peers have more influence on me that I care to admit .
Back to my original point , being bad is a requirement in doing new things .
To start anything new I have to concede badness : the first weeks of learning to speak Greek or taming alligators will be ugly .
And I ’m convinced the increasing fear of looking bad has everything to do with the tendency for people to try fewer new things as they age .
We lose familiarity with the uncertainties of the new .
We forget the necessity of feeling like an idiot now and then to grow .
And before we know it we resist new experiences based on our forgotten understanding of how we got our old experiences : we did lots of stupid embarrassing things to accumulate all the skills and life knowledge we have .
For all these reasons there is freedom and joy in being bad at something – often more than being good at something .
I ’m considering adding a new heuristic into my life :
Pick up a new activity that I ’m bad at .
Spend time enjoying my badness at that thing while trying to learn it .
If I somehow get good at that thing , go to # 1
I admit now I ’m bad at being bad – much worse than I used to be , if that makes sense .
But I ’m making a point to get better at being worse – and we ’ll see what happens .
The push for hearings on Dennis Kucinich 's Cheney impeachment bill ( H Res. 799 ) continues , with the number of signers of Rep. Robert Wexler 's petition ( www.wexlerwantshearings.com) now topping 90,000 ( after only four days ) .
The rush to sign on has been so heavy that on Monday it crashed the server .
Wexler 's people have since changed to a better server , but in the process , there were some resets of the tally , which has led to a lot of concern and even to anxious conspiracy theories among impeachment backers .
Wexler 's office says there has been no problem with sabatoge , and that the current number , just over 90,000 as of 10:45 am Tuesday , is accurate .
The list has been checked for duplicates and other signs of trouble , and looks clean , they say .
So impeachment advocates should continue to push for support for this call for action .
Get people to the petition site and signed on .
But do n't stop there .
This important breach in the impeachment stonewall at the House of Representatives has still not been reported at all in the corporate media .
We need an avalanche of phone calls and letters to corporate media editors demanding that they stop censoring out this story .
I spoke at a political theater event on Sunday in New York City produced by the Culture Project Theater , and was part of a staged " grand jury " investigation into impeachment , under " prosecutor " Marjorie Cohen , president of the National Lawyers Guild .
With me were Columbia University law professor Scott Horton and former Rep. and Nixon impeachment panelist Elizabeth Holtzman .
Rep .
Holtzman made the salient and crucial point that it is the people who drove the effort to impeach President Nixon .
She notes that even after White House lawyer John Dean 's powerful testimony before the Senate Watergate Committee about a " cancer on the presidency , " Congress did n't act on impeachment .
Only when there was a tidal wave of demands from the public for impeachment , following Nixon 's firing of Special Prosecutor Archibald Cox , was Congress moved to act and set up an impeachment hearing in the House Judiciary Committee .
She says the same is true today .
No matter how obvious this administration 's crimes against the Constitution and its threats to the survival of democracy , Congress will not act to impeach unless the public demands action .
Now is our chance !
_______
A New York City police officer turned himself in to colleagues on the street yesterday and said he might have shot and killed another driver in a predawn road - rage encounter in Upper Manhattan on Sunday , the authorities said .
The officer , Sean Sawyer , 34 , approached a police radio car around 1 a.m. near Central Park , said he had chest pains and requested an ambulance .
He then told the sergeant and an officer in the radio car that he believed he had been involved in a shooting while he was off - duty in East Harlem about 19 hours earlier in which a man was killed , the authorities said .
The road - rage shooting was similar to many such confrontations :
The mundane discourtesy of jockeying for position while trying to exit off a busy highway led to an angry exchange of words from car window to car window .
It was after 5 a.m. , and the victim and his two passengers had been drinking , the police said .
But this argument , which started on the Franklin D. Roosevelt Drive , did not end with shouts .
Instead , it appears that the two drivers took turns chasing each other for several blocks after they exited in East Harlem , the police said .
Motorists appeared to largely ignore China 's first No Car Day held on Saturday as part of a campaign to reduce smog ahead of the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing .
More than 100 cities across the country were urging people to leave their cars at home and do what the Chinese used to do in droves : ride a bicycle .
The campaign alsoencouraged people to walkor take public transportation like buses , subways and taxis rather than drive private cars .
Foreign journalistsin the capital , Beijing , reported high levels of traffic and most streets open as normal .
Owning an automobile in the world 's fastest growing economy has become such a status symbol that many bicycle riders say they are the victims of a new prejudice .
Wan Zhu Gong , a 33 - year - old man in Shanghai , said being a cyclist is n't so easy anymore .
" There 's a prejudice against bicycles these days , " he told CBC News .
" We 're banned from riding on many roads . "
Before the 1980s , millions of bicycles packed China 's city streets ; buying a car for personal use was illegal .
Nowadays , China is whereautomakers around the world are staking their future .
There are about 25 million cars in China , but in Beijing alone , 1,000 new automobiles hit the streets every day .
By 2020 , the country is expected to have a whopping 140 million cars .
Last month , the president of the International Olympic Committee acknowledged that some endurance events might have to be postponed because of air pollution .
Edsger Dijkstra did n't like software engineers :
The required techniques of effective reasoning are pretty formal , but as long as programming is done by people that do n't master them , the software crisis will remain with us and will be considered an incurable disease .
And you know what incurable diseases do : they invite the quacks and charlatans in , who in this case take the form of Software Engineering gurus .
That smarts .
A lot .
Not least because whenever I 'm asked what I do for a living I reply that I'm a “ Software Engineer ” .
Dijkstra is right of course .
Software Engineering is pseudo science rather than science proper in all the ways that Karl Popper meant when he first described the difference .
And yes , software engineers are quacks compared to computer scientists .
But that 's OK because we 're not doing the same job .
I think there really are two closely related disciplines .
Computer Science is formal methods and proofs as Dijkstra described .
Its use is where the specifications are known .
Software Engineering is n't helped by its misnomer , because it is n't engineering at all .
It 's about communication and discovery .
Software Engineering techniques attempt to put working code in front of somebody as quickly as possible in order to try to answer the question “ is this what you meant ? ”
It works from a basis of unknown and un -knowable specifications .
As a software engineer you cannot prove that your software meets its specification because the first specification that you get which you could hope to try to prove is when you have working software in front of people who are happy using it — you 'll know when you 're there because it 'll be at the end of a successful project .
Part of the confusion comes because different parts of the same project have each of these two different perspectives .
There are algorithmically challenging parts of any real world application that certainly need to be done using the approach Dijkstra advocates , but there are also parts where the maxim about the definition of porn is far more illuminating to show us the right approach when trying to understand user ' needs .
Of course it 's often the same developers dealing with both aspects .
This is why software engineering techniques like Agile try to get something — anything — in front of the customer as early as possible .
The truth is that despite being the only species on the planet that holds meetings we 're not actually very articulate about anything we can't point to , and often not even then .
The task of the software engineer is to give the user something to point to so that we can give them the best chance to tell us what they really want and need .
Popper 's notion of “ prediction ” to turn it into science does n't work because there is n't anything formal enough to predict until the project is over .
The whole practice revolves around the software engineer 's empathy to the needs of the user ( something we 're generally famously lacking ) producing the right result .
Software engineers know that they 're not going to get paid to learn what they have to produce separately form producing it , so they have developed techniques to allow them to deliver the best quality software possible at the same time that they finally understand the requirements .
Software engineering is pseudo science and rightly so .
It will continue to be so right up until the point when users and businesses can give us software specifications with a set of axioms we can use to derive our proofs from .
Right now we 're lucky if we get a list of conjectures to work from .
From HaskellWiki
The Zipper is an idiom that uses the idea of “ context ” to the means of manipulating locations in a data structure .
Zipper monad is a monad which implements the zipper for binary trees .
Sometimes you want to manipulate a location inside a data structure , rather than the data itself .
For example , consider a simple binary tree type :
data Tree a = Fork ( Tree a ) ( Tree a ) | Leaf a
and a sample tree t :
t = Fork ( Fork ( Leaf 1 ) ( Leaf 2 ) ) ( Fork ( Leaf 3 ) ( Leaf 4 ) )
Each subtree of this tree occupies a certain location in the tree taken as a whole .
The location consists of the subtree , along with the rest of the tree , which we think of the context of that subtree .
For example , the context of
Leaf 2
in the above tree is
Fork ( Fork ( Leaf 1 ) @ ) ( Fork ( Leaf 3 ) ( Leaf 4 ) )
where @ marks a hole : the spot that the subtree appears in .
This is the way we shall implement a tree with a focus .
One way of expressing this context is as a path from the root of the tree to the hole ( to which the required subtree will be attached ) .
To reach our subtree , we needed to go down the left branch , and then down the right one .
Note that the context is essentially a way of representing the tree , “ missing out ” a subtree ( the subtree we are interested in ) .
A naive implementation of the context , inspired directly by the graphical representation might be to use Tree ( Maybe a ) instead of Tree a .
However , this would lose an essential point : in any given context , there is exactly one hole .
Therefore , we will represent a context as follows :
data Cxt a = Top | L ( Cxt a ) ( Tree a ) | R ( Tree a ) ( Cxt a )
L c t represents the left part of a branch of which the right part was t and whose parent had context c .
The R constructor is similar .
Top represents the top of a tree .
Remarks :
In fact , this is equivalent to a list , whose elements are the appropriate collateral trees , each element labeled with the information which direction was chosen :
type Context a = [( Direction , Tree a ) ] data Direction = Lft |
Rght
We chose to propagate from the hole towards the root .
This is an independent idea of the above considerations : it is not the unicity of the hole that forced us to do so .
It is simply more efficient if we want to define operations later for a tree with a focus ( move focus left , right , up ) .
Note that in the original paper , Huet dealt with B - trees ( ones where nodes have arbitrary numbers of branches ) , so at each node , a list is used instead of the two ( Tree a ) parameters to represent children .
Later we shall see that the solution of the problem can be formalized in a general way which covers solutions for both kinds of trees , as special cases .
Using this datatype , we can rewrite the sample context above in proper Haskell :
R ( Leaf 1 ) ( L Top ( Fork ( Leaf 3 ) ( Leaf 4 ) ) )
Note that the context is actually written by giving the path from the subtree to the root ( rather than the other way round ) :
Top
Or the more deconstructed representation :
where , are the appropriate correspondents of the , of the previous image .
It is the empty list that represents .
Now we can define a tree location :
type Loc a = ( Tree a , Cxt a )
thus , a tree with a focus ( drawn here as a tree with a marked subtree ) shall be represented as “ mounting ” the focus ( a tree ) into the hole of the appropriate context .
Now , we can define some useful functions for manipulating locations in a tree :
left :: Loc a ->
Loc a left ( Fork l r , c ) = ( l , L c r ) right :: Loc a ->
Loc a right ( Fork l r , c ) = ( r , R l c ) top :: Tree a ->
Loc a top t = ( t , Top ) up :: Loc a ->
Loc a up ( t , L c r ) = ( Fork t r , c ) up ( t , R l c ) = ( Fork l t , c ) upmost :: Loc a ->
Loc a upmost l @ ( t , Top ) = l upmost l = upmost ( up l ) modify :: Loc a -> ( Tree a -> Tree a ) ->
Loc a modify ( t , c ) f = ( f t , c )
It is instructive to look at an example of how a location gets transformed as we move from root to leaf .
Recall our sample tree t. Let 's name some of the relevant subtrees for brevity :
t = let tl = Fork ( Leaf 1 ) ( Leaf 2 ) tr = Fork ( Leaf 3 ) ( Leaf 4 ) in Fork tl tr
Then to reach the location of Leaf 2 :
( right .
left .
top ) t = ( right .
left ) ( t , Top ) = right ( tl , L Top tr ) = ( Leaf 2 , R ( Leaf 1 ) ( L Top tr ) )
To reach that location and replace Leaf 2 by Leaf 0 :
modify ( ( right .
left . top ) t ) ( \ _ -> Leaf 0 ) = ... = ( Leaf 0 , R ( Leaf 1 ) ( L Top tr ) )
Afterwards some may like to continue walking to other parts of the new tree , in which case continue applying left , right , and up .
Some others may like to retrieve the new tree ( and possibly forget about locations ) , in which case upmost is useful :
( fst . upmost ) ( modify ( ( right .
left . top ) t ) ( \ _ -> Leaf 0 ) ) = ( fst .
upmost ) ( Leaf 0 , R ( Leaf 1 ) ( L Top tr ) ) = fst ( Fork ( Fork ( Leaf 1 ) ( Leaf 0 ) ) tr , Top ) = Fork ( Fork ( Leaf 1 ) ( Leaf 0 ) )
tr
Automation
There 's a principled way to get the necessary types for contexts and the context filling functions , namely by differentiating the data structure .
Some relevant papers .
For an actual implementation in Generic Haskell , see the paper Type - indexed data types by Ralf Hinze , Johan Jeuring and Andres Löh , or a similar paper Generic Haskell : Applications by Ralf Hinze and Johan Jeuring
Alternative formulation
The dual of Huet zipper is generic zipper -- which is a derivative of a traversal function rather than that of a data structure .
Unlike Huet zipper , generic zipper can be implemented once and for all data structures , in the existing Haskell .
Generic Zipper and its applications
Comonads and monads
Comonads
Monads :
The Monads Hidden Behind Every Zipper , part of Sigfpe 's A Neighborhood of Infinity
Applications
The zippers package provides traversal - based zippers that are to be used with the Lens library
The AVL Tree package contains a zipper for navigating AVL trees .
A zipper for navigating rose trees ( as found in the standard Data .
Tree library ) is available in the Yi code repository .
library ) is available in the Yi code repository .
An implementation of a zipper for navigating rose trees ( as found in the standard Data .
Tree library ) .
They are n't Hillary Clinton , nor are they Ron Paul .
The two words that will haunt the early primary states are " brokered convention " , and we may be heading towards it .
At Heading Right , I review the McClatchy analysis of what looks to be a Rudy Giuliani slide .
Jim Geraghty points to a Gallup quote arguing that Mike Huckabee 's ascent has plateaued after two weeks of hard pushbacks by a number of campaigns .
Meanwhile , John McCain rises in New Hampshire , while Romney has treaded water .
Republican primary voters have sent a very clear message : they have not found their candidate .
After a remarkable full - year , full - court press , the top five candidates remain bunched together closely enough to have a serious shot at winning at least one of the early states .
No one has broken out of the pack on either a national or state - to - state basis , and all of them have serious obstacles to uniting the conservative coalition , fair or unfair .
What happens if Huckabee wins Iowa , McCain wins or comes close in New Hampshire , Romney wins South Carolina , and Rudy can't close the deal in Florida ?
The other large states would normally take cues from early momentum , but instead , they will have no clear bandwagon on which to jump .
Rudy can expect to win in New York and California , but McCain may have some draw in the latter .
McCain can expect to pick up Arizona and New Mexico , at least , and possibly Colorado .
Fred will compete in Tennessee and could pick up a win .
Huckabee could take Alabama and Georgia .
Romney will win Utah and maybe Colorado .
Six Midwestern states will go to the polls on that date , and they could go in any direction , individually or as a bloc .
In other words , absent some magic momentum in the next two weeks , this could be a giant mess .
The Republicans do not have an Establishment presence in superdelegates as the Democrats have ; the RNC cannot impose its will .
So then what ?
The Republicans will have to continue the same campaign for another seven months , until the convention in Minneapolis in the first week of September .
It makes for high drama , but almost certainly for disunity and wasted effort -- and a huge head start for the Democrats .
Obviously , the question will be whether any of the candidates can unify the Republican base enough to prevail in the primaries and win outright .
Of the candidates in the top tier , the ones most likely to do so would be Mitt Romney , John McCain , and Fred Thompson -- and none of them have proved compelling enough to date to do so .
Rudy Giuliani could win , but he has to compete in more states than just the coastal areas where his social policies have the most popularity , and he can't do it by losing Florida .
Mike Huckabee inspires the social conservatives but increasingly worries the rest of the coalition .
A brokered convention ?
It 's a distinct possibility .
UPDATE : Via Rich Lowry and Real Clear Politics , another piece of bad news for Rudy :
In a Republican Presidential Primary in California today , 12/17/07 , seven weeks to the vote , Rudolph Giuliani wins , but his margin of victory , which two months ago was 21 points , is today 8 points , according to SurveyUSA 's 9th pre-primary CA tracking poll ...
Giuliani 's support is eroding , from 39 % two months ago , to 28 % today .
Several candidates are making inroads , but none more so than Mike Huckabee , who finished 5th with 8 % support 6 weeks ago , and who finishes 2nd with 20 % support today .
Huckabee has thrown some serious sand in the gears for the GOP , but can he break out and win a national campaign ?
And could he hold onto fiscal conservatives if he does ?
In the history of the American Republic , perhaps no political family has been more protected from scandal than the Bushes .
When the Bushes are involved in dirty deals or even criminal activity , standards of evidence change .
Instead of proof “ beyond a reasonable doubt ” that would lock up an average citizen , the evidence must be perfect .
If there ’s any doubt at all , the Bushes must be presumed innocent .
Even when their guilt is obvious to anyone with an ounce of common sense , it ’s their accusers and those who dare investigate who get the worst of it .
Their motives are challenged and their own shortcomings are cast in the harshest possible light .
For decades – arguably going back generations – the Bushes have been protected by their unique position straddling two centers of national power , the family ’s blueblood Eastern Establishment ties and the Texas oil crowd with strong links to the Republican Right .
[ For details on this family phenomenon , see Robert Parry ’s Secrecy & Privilege . ]
This reality was underscored again by how major news outlets and the right - wing press reacted to a new piece of evidence implicating George W. Bush in a criminal cover - up in the “ Plame - gate ” scandal .
Though the evidence is now overwhelming that President Bush was part of a White House cabal that leaked Valerie Plame Wilson ’s identity as a covert CIA officer and then covered up the facts , major newspapers , such as the New York Times and the Washington Post , continue to pooh - pooh this extraordinary scandal .
The latest piece of evidence was the statement from former White House press secretary Scott McClellan that Bush was one of five senior officials who had him clear Karl Rove and I .
Lewis Libby in the leak when , in fact , they were two of the leakers .
“ The most powerful leader in the world had called upon me to speak on his behalf and help restore the credibility he lost amid the failure to find weapons of mass destruction in Iraq , ” McClellan said in a snippet released by the publisher of his upcoming memoir .
“ So I stood at the White House briefing room podium in front of the glare of the klieg lights for the better part of two weeks and publicly exonerated two of the senior - most aides in the White House : Karl Rove and Scooter Libby , ” McClellan said .
“ There was one problem .
It was not true . ”
After McClellan ’s statement touched off a brief furor on the Internet and cable TV shows , his publisher Peter Osnos tried to soften the blow .
Osnos told Bloomberg News that McClellan did n’t mean that Bush deliberately ordered his press secretary to lie .
“ He told him something that was n’t true , but the President did n’t know it was n’t true , ” Osnos said .
What Bush Knew
But neither McClennan nor Osnos knows what Bush really knew .
The revelatory point in McClellan ’s statement was that Bush was a direct participant in the campaign to protect Rove and Libby as they lied about their roles in the leak .
Previously that was an inference one could draw from the facts , but it had not been confirmed by a White House official .
Indeed , looking at the available evidence , it would defy credulity that Bush was n’t implicated in the Plame - gate leak and the subsequent cover - up , which led to Libby ’s conviction earlier this year on four counts of perjury and obstruction of justice .
For Bush not to have been involved would have required him to be oblivious to the inner workings of the White House and the actions of his closest advisers on an issue of great importance to him .
From the evidence at Libby ’s trial , it was already clear that Bush had a direct hand in the effort to discredit Plame ’s husband , former U.S. Ambassador Joseph Wilson , after he had gone public in July 2003 with his role in a CIA investigation of what turned out to be bogus claims that Iraq had sought yellowcake uranium from Niger .
Bush , who had cited those bogus claims in his 2003 State of the Union Address in making his case for invading Iraq , was worried about his credibility when U.S. forces failed to find WMD evidence and when Wilson became the first Washington insider to start questioning Bush ’s case for war .
So , Bush collaborated with Vice President Dick Cheney in mounting a counter - attack against Wilson .
Bush decided to selectively declassify portions of a National Intelligence Estimate in order to undercut Wilson ’s credibility and agreed to have that information leaked to friendly reporters .
It was in that context that Libby , Rove and other administration officials went forth to brief reporters , contacts that ended up disclosing that Wilson ’s CIA wife , Plame , played a role in arranging his work on the CIA investigation .
The suggestion was that Wilson ’s unpaid fact - finding trip to Niger was a case of nepotism or a junket .
Following these press contacts , Plame ’s identity surfaced in a July 14 , 2003 , article by right - wing columnist Robert Novak , who had gotten his information from two sources , Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage and his friend , the president ’s chief political adviser Karl Rove .
But Rove ’s work on the Plame leak did n’t stop with Novak ’s article ; he continued to peddle the information to other journalists , such as MSNBC ’s Chris Matthews , who told Wilson a week after Novak ’s column , “ I just got off the phone with Karl Rove .
He says and I quote , ‘ Wilson ’s wife is fair game . ’ ”
Rove has since disputed the precise “ fair game ” quote , but he does n’t deny talking to Matthews about Plame ’s identity .
So , we know that a week after the original leaks had blown Plame ’s undercover status , Bush had not called off the dogs .
His closest political adviser still was using the information to undermine Wilson .
Hardball Politics
This pattern of hardball politics , of course , fits with how George W. Bush and others in his family play the game .
His father , George H.W. Bush , would talk about how rough he could be when in “ campaign mode . ”
The younger George Bush just extended that pugnacious approach to full - time , aided and abetted by a powerful right - wing media that has carried water for him consistently over the past eight years .
Even American citizens who get in Bush ’s way feel the lash .
Just ask the likes of former weapons inspector Scott Ritter , who challenged Bush ’s pre-Iraq
War claims about WMD , or the Dixie Chicks , who dared to diss the Commander in Chief at one of their concerts .
So , the treatment of Wilson / Plame was part of the standard fare for what happened to Americans who dissented on Bush ’s war policies .
However , this one was a little different because the leak destroyed the career of a covert CIA officer and endangered her network of foreign agents who had been supplying information about WMD in the Middle East .
In September 2003 , upset about this collateral damage , the CIA forwarded a criminal complaint to the Justice Department seeking an investigation into the outing of Plame .
As far as the CIA was concerned , her classified identity was covered by a 1982 law barring willful exposure of CIA officers who had “ served ” abroad in the preceding five years .
But Bush and his inner circle could still breathe easily since the probe was under the control of Attorney General John Ashcroft , considered to be a right - wing Bush ally .
The White House responded to press inquiries disingenuously , claiming Bush took the leak very seriously and would punish anyone involved .
“ The President has set high standards , the highest of standards , for people in his administration , ” McClellan said on Sept. 29 , 2003 .
“ If anyone in this administration was involved in it , they would no longer be in this administration . ”
Bush personally announced his determination to get to the bottom of the matter .
“ If there is a leak out of my administration , I want to know who it is , ” Bush said on Sept. 30 , 2003 .
“ I want to know the truth .
If anybody has got any information inside our administration or outside our administration , it would be helpful if they came forward with the information so we can find out whether or not these allegations are true . ”
Yet , even as Bush was professing his curiosity and calling for anyone with information to step forward , he was withholding the fact that he had authorized the declassification of some secrets about the Niger uranium issue and had ordered Cheney to arrange for those secrets to be given to reporters .
In other words , though Bush knew a great deal about how the anti-Wilson scheme got started – since he was involved in starting it – he uttered misleading public statements to conceal the White House role .
Spreading Lies
Also , since the other conspirators knew that Bush already was in the know , they would have read his comments as a signal to lie , which is what they did .
In early October , press secretary McClellan said he could report that political adviser Karl Rove and National Security Council aide Elliott Abrams were not involved in the Plame leak .
That comment riled Libby , who feared that he was being hung out to dry .
Libby went to his boss , Dick Cheney , and complained that “ they ’re trying to set me up ; they want me to be the sacrificial lamb , ” Libby ’s lawyer Theodore Wells later said .
Cheney scribbled down his feelings in a note to press secretary McClellan : “ Not going to protect one staffer + sacrifice the guy the Pres that was asked to stick his head in the meat grinder because of incompetence of others . ”
Cheney initially ascribed Libby ’s role in going after Wilson to Bush ’s orders , but the Vice President apparently thought better of it , crossing out “ the Pres ” and putting the clause in a passive tense .
Cheney has never explained publicly the meaning of his note , but it suggests that it was Bush who sent Libby out on the get - Wilson mission to limit damage from Wilson ’s criticism of Bush ’s false Niger - yellowcake claim in the State of the Union Address .
Cheney ’s reference to the “ incompetence of others ” may refer to those who cleared the false Niger claim in the first place .
Bush ’s subsequent behavior in the latter half of 2003 adds to the evidence of his guilt .
Assuming Bush was sincere in his desire to get to the bottom of who leaked Plame ’s identity – or just wanted to make sure there was no security risk in his inner circle – he presumably would have ordered an internal White House security probe .
But he did n’t .
James Knodell , director of the White House security office , conceded before a congressional committee in March 2007 that no internal security investigation was performed ; no security clearances were suspended or revoked ; no punishment of any kind was meted out to White House political adviser Rove , even after his role in leaking Plame ’s classified identity was determined .
Knodell , whose job included assessing Executive Branch security breaches , said that what he knew about the Plame case was “ through the press . ”
A logical inference from Knodell ’s inaction was that Bush already knew who had leaked Plame ’s identity because he was involved in the leak .
In fall 2003 , with no White House security review underway and the criminal probe presumably bottled up in the Justice Department , the cover - up broadened .
On Oct. 4 , 2003 , McClellan added Libby to the list of officials who have “ assured me that they were not involved in this . ”
So , Libby had a motive to lie to the FBI when he was first interviewed about the case .
He had gone to the mat with his boss to get his name cleared in the press , meaning it would make little sense to then admit involvement to FBI investigators , especially when it looked as if the cover - up would hold .
“ The White House had staked its credibility on there being no White House involvement in the leaking of information about Ms. Wilson , ” a federal court filing later noted .
For his part , Libby began claiming that he had first learned about Plame ’s CIA identity from NBC ’s Washington bureau chief Tim Russert after Wilson had gone public .
Reversal of Fortune
This White House cover - up might have worked , except in late 2003 , Ashcroft decided he would n’t be the loyal foot soldier and recused himself because of a conflict of interest .
Deputy Attorney General James Comey then picked Patrick Fitzgerald – the U.S. Attorney in Chicago – to serve as special prosecutor .
Fitzgerald pursued the investigation far more aggressively .
Bush ’s White House countered with a combination of public stonewalling and a continued PR campaign to further discredit Wilson .
Bush ’s political and media allies dissected every nuance of the Wilson / Plame case to highlight supposed inconsistencies and contradictions .
The Republican National Committee put out nasty anti-Wilson talking points ; senior Republicans on the Senate Intelligence Committee called Wilson a liar ; the right - wing media – aided and abetted by the Washington Post ’s neoconservative editorial page – amplified these ugly attacks to the public .
Right - wing lawyer Victoria Toensing received widespread media coverage when she claimed that Plame was not a “ covert ” officer under the definition of the 1982 law protecting the identities of intelligence agents because it only applied to CIA personnel who had “ resided ” or were “ stationed ” abroad in the previous five years .
Toensing argued that since Plame , the mother of young twins , was stationed at CIA headquarters in Langley , Virginia , and resided in the Washington area , she was n’t “ covert ” even if that was her official CIA status .
But Toensing was misrepresenting the law that she said she had helped draft while a congressional staffer in the early 1980s .
The actual wording of the law as it pertained to CIA and other clandestine officers was “ served ” abroad , which is not synonymous with “ stationed ” or “ resided , ” the words that Toensing had substituted .
One can be stationed or reside inside the United States and still “ serve ” abroad by undertaking secret missions overseas , which Plame had done .
But many in the right - wing news media and even at prestige newspapers like the Washington Post adopted Toensing ’s word games as reality .
It became an article of faith in some political circles that Plame was not a “ covert ” officer and that therefore there was “ no underlying crime ” in the leaking of her identity .
Bush ’s Guilt ?
But what does this ongoing pattern of deception and character assassination against Wilson and Plame suggest about Bush ’s innocence or guilt ?
If Bush were the innocent party that we are supposed to believe , would n’t he have acted differently ?
Would n’t he have called for an end to these attacks on two American citizens who had served their country ?
But Bush never tried to halt these cruel diversionary tactics .
The White House goal , it appears , was to stir up enough confusion so that the public would n’t focus on the logical conclusion that Bush was responsible for damaging a CIA operation intended to protect national security .
In October 2005 , Fitzgerald indicted Libby on five counts of lying to federal investigators and obstructing justice .
Libby was convicted on four of five counts in March 2007 and sentenced to 30 months in jail .
But Bush ’s role in the cover - up was n’t finished .
On July 2 , 2007 , Bush commuted Libby ’s sentence to spare him any jail time .
The President also left open the possibility that Libby might receive a full pardon before Bush left the White House .
The combination of taking away the stick of jail time and dangling the carrot of a full pardon eliminated any incentive for Libby to turn state ’s evidence against Bush , Cheney and other senior officials .
In a different era , one might expect major newspapers , like the New York Times and the Washington Post , to erupt in fury over such an obvious case of presidential wrongdoing .
One also might have anticipated serious hearings by a Democratic - controlled Congress to get to the bottom of this sorry affair .
But not in this era .
Even when former press secretary McClellan became the first White House insider to acknowledge that senior officials , including Bush and Cheney , put him up to spreading lies about the Plame - gate scandal ( whatever they knew at the time ) , there was almost no reaction , except on the Internet and some cable TV shows .
The Post and Times essentially ignored McClellan ’s statement , apparently buying into the later spin that Bush might not have known then that Libby and Rove were lying .
Bush ’s right - wing apologists already are back on the attack , claiming that McClellan ’s back - tracking supports Bush ’s innocence .
The Democrats also do n’t seem to have the stomach to hold Bush accountable .
One presidential hopeful , Sen. Christopher Dodd , D - Connecticut , called for the Justice Department to investigate whether Bush had intentionally misled the public .
But the Democrats control both houses of Congress and presumably could compel testimony from many of the principals .
They might even be able to force an explanation from special prosecutor Fitzgerald about why he did n’t pursue a broader case and what Bush and Cheney told him during their interviews about the Plame leak .
Instead the Democrats appear frightened of the counter - attack that the right - wing media could unleash , especially when major mainstream publications like the Times show little interest in the story and others like the Post actually are helping Bush in his cover-up .
But the broader picture appears to be that George W. Bush is just the latest member of the Bush family who can skate away from nearly any wrongdoing without paying a price .
[ For more on this remarkable pattern of protecting the Bushes , see Consortiumnews.com ’s “ Bush Rule of Journalism ” or two of our books , Secrecy & Privilege and Neck Deep . ]
_______
About author Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Secrecy & Privilege : Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq , can be ordered at Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth . '
Robert Parry 's web site is Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , , can be ordered at secrecyandprivilege.com .
It 's also available at Amazon.com , as is his 1999 book , Robert Parry 's web site is Consortium News
By ROGER DOBSON
Last updated at 08:17 30 October 2007
Can jet lag trigger mental illness ?
It sounds absurd , but in fact it 's just one of the many strange medical theories that could actually be true .
Here , Roger Dobson looks at other extraordinary claims and the evidence
behind them ...
DOGS GIVE WOMEN BREAST CANCER
Could it really be true that keeping a
dog increases the risk of the disease ?
Analysis of breast cancer cases by
researchers at the University of Munich
showed that patients with this type of
cancer were significantly more likely to
have kept a dog than a cat .
In fact , 79.7 per cent of all patients had
intensive contact with dogs before they
were diagnosed .
Only 4.4 per cent of the
patients did not have pets at any time
compared to 57.3 per cent of a healthy
control group — so there was a 29 - fold
increased risk for pet owners .
Another study in Norway reported a
very high level — 53.3 per cent — of breast
cancers in 14,401 dogs .
In looking for a
reason , scientists found a virus common
in both dogs and humans .
The one they homed in on is the mouse
mammary tumour virus ( MMTV ) , which
triggers breast cancer in mice and which
has been investigated for possible links
to human breast cancer .
The theory is
that dogs , and possibly other pets ,
harbour and transmit MMTV or MMTVlike
viruses that can induce human
breast cancer .
The researchers say the theory may help
to explain why women from Eastern
countries are at increased risk of breast
cancer when they move to Western nations
— Asian or Oriental women seldom keep
dogs as pets .
Migration to Western countries
may cause them to alter their
lifestyle , including keeping pet dogs .
NUTS CURE TOOTHACHE
It 'a not just in science fiction novels and
horror movies that scientists experiment
on themselves .
The dentist Horace Wells
tested the effects of nitrous oxide by
having some of his teeth extracted while
breathing in the gas ; William Morton , a
pioneer of anaesthesia , almost died
during his experimentation .
In the same honourable tradition ,
Charles Weber , from North Carolina ,
put his oral health on the line when he
tried cashew nuts as a cure for an
abscess under a tooth .
He says research shows that Gram - positive
bacteria , the bugs that cause tooth
decay , acne , tuberculosis and leprosy ,
are killed by chemicals in cashew
apples ( the swollen stalk the nut is
attached to ) , cashew shell oil and
probably cashew nuts .
The suggestion is that the active
chemicals in the nuts are anacardic
acids , which in test tube experiments appear to be active against Streptococcus
mutans , the cause of tooth decay .
Weber says the acids can be lethal to
bacteria in 15 minutes .
" I have made
raw cashew nuts the main part of my
diet for 24 hours on four occasions and
have eliminated an abscessed tooth
each time .
" There were no obvious
side - effects .
A fifth time required
several day "
BEER BELLIES PROTECT MEN IN OLD AGE
When you hit your 30s , the poundsually start piling on , regardless of
diet or exercise .
The average Western
adult starts to get wider and thicker
after their 20s , putting on 6lb to 11lb a
deccade .
By age 50 we 've gained , on
average , an extra 1st 8lb to 2st 5lb .
Obesity epidemic aside , this pattern is
consistent in nearly every Western
country .
While it could be due
to men becoming less
active or eating and
drinking more as they
get older , Israeli
researchers suggest it's
down to what they call
young hunter
hypothesis .
They believe
that age - related weight
gain is a major driving
force behind human
longevity .
They argue
that the muscle of the
young hunter is turned into fat stores
the non-hunting older man to
survive on in old age .
In ancient times , the food providers
needed to be muscular for dangerous
hunting expeditions .
To develop the
necessary muscles , body fat was
diverted from the lower limbs , and
energy was targeted at bulking up the
muscles .
At the end of their hunting careers ,
the metabolic processes changed
focus to energy conservation in
anticipation of ageing .
Muscle mass
drops by around 15 per cent after the
age of 30 , and there is a gradual
increase in fat levels , particularly
around the central area .
The Israeli hypothesis is that the
weight gain is a way of compensating
for muscle mass loss , guaranteeing
survival and longevity , even now .
HUMMING 120 TIMES A DAY CURES BLOCKED NOSES
Chronic rhinosinusitis can cause a
blocked nose , breathing difficultiesand a reduced sense of smell , as well
as the formation of nasal polyps in
more severe cases .
It 's thought that
fungus in the nose could be to blame .
In an attempt to zap the fungus , the
immune system triggers an inflammatory
response that causes a runny
nose , cough , sore throat , pain in the
teeth and headache .
One way of treating the fungus could
be to use nitric oxide .
Toxic to
bacteria and fungi , the gas is naturally
released in the human respiratory
tract , so in theory it should be the way
to kill the fungus .
But how do you get
high enough concentrations at the site
of the fungal infection ?
The answer is simple : hum .
According
to researchers in Texas , levels of nasal
nitric oxide are increased up to 20 - fold
by humming .
They cite a man who had
rhinosinusitis with severe headache ,
cough and insomnia , who had failed to
find anything to relieve his symptoms .
He then tried humming .
Done at a
low frequency — around 130 Hz — and
at regular intervals , it apparently
produces the greatest amount of nitric
oxide .
The man hummed strongly for
one hour at a rate of 18 hums a minuteat bedtime the first night , and
hummed strongly at a low pitch
between 60 and 120 times , four times a
day , for the next four days .
The humming increased nasal vibrations .
The morning after the first humming
session , the man awoke with a clear
nose and was breathing easily .
The
only side - effect with the treatment
was dizziness that can be brought on
by excessively vigorous humming .
According to the report , half an hour
of humming might also help with
symptoms of the common cold .
" By humming 60 - 120 times , four times per
day — including a session at bedtime
— symptoms were essentially
eliminated in four days . "
WORMS PREVENT DISEASE
If one group of people have a much
higher or lower prevalence of disease ,
there may well be something about
their environment or lifestyle that
either increases or reduces the risk .
In their research into the causes of atherosclerosis , the hardening of the
arteries , a team of Israeli
researchers found a significant geographic
difference in prevalence .
In
areas with a high level of intestinal
worm infections in humans , the
risk of heart disease was lower , and
the suggestion is that worms may
protect against heart disease and
stroke .
Atherosclerosis is a major health
problem .
The build - up of plaque , a
fatty substance , usually affects
large and medium - sized arteries
and can increase to a level where it
significantly reduces blood flow .
Plaque can rupture or break away ,
creating blood clots that cause
heart attacks or stroke .
Just how worm infections affect
heart disease risk is not clear , but
one theory is that it may be down
to the worms ' survival mechanism .
The tiny worms evade or suppress
the human immune system by
producing anti-inflammatory
compounds , which might also , it 's
suggested , have a protective effect
on the arteries .
EATING PORK CAUSES MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS
For years , the wide geographic
differences in the prevalence of
multiple sclerosis have baffled
researchers .
Most studies have
shown that rates are higher closer
to the North and South Poles
compared to places nearer the
equator .
The UK , for example , has
higher rates than Spain .
The cause has remained elusive ,
but now research by the University
of Ottawa suggests pork may be to
blame .
The scientists found a clear geographic link between total fat
eaten and MS prevalence .
The link between the numbers of
cases of MS and pork eating was
highly significant , but no such
relationship was found for beef ,
which was also tested .
The results are in line with
reports that MS is rare in
countries where pork is forbidden
by religious customs , and that it
has a low prevalence in countries
like Brazil and Australia where
beef consumption far exceeds
pork .
One reason could be that the
fatty acids in pork and beef are
different .
Each have different
effects on the protective sheath
that surrounds and protects
nerve fibres in the brain which
become damaged in patients with
MS .
One suggestion is that the
fatty acids in pork increase
vulnerability to damage , while
those in beef do not .
JET LAG TRIGGERS MENTAL ILLNESS
Researchers at the Hebrew
University and Hadassah Medical
School in Israel say the link
between jet lag and psychiatric
disorder has been underestimated .
They suggest it could trigger
existing or new cases of affective
disorders such as depression ,
anxiety disorder , panic attacks and
various phobias .
It might also be
involved in schizophrenia .
The scientists say many
examples of psychotic symptoms
occur during long - distance trips ,
including cases of transit paranoid
reaction — a condition blamed on
changes of environment , such as
unfamiliar surroundings and the
presence of strangers , and a sense
of isolation .
Just how jet lag triggers new
episodes of mental illness , or even
the illness itself , is not clear , but
the hormone melatonin could be
the villain .
Secreted by the pineal gland
deep inside the brain , melatonin is
a key player in the regulation of the
circadian rhythm — the
24 - hour cycle of living beings —
because it tells the body when it's
time to sleep and wake up .
In
synthetic form , as a supplement ,
it 's widely used in some countries
to combat the symptoms of jet lag .
But changes to the circadian
rhythm and melatonin secretion
abnormalities have also been
linked to a number of mental
disorders , say the researchers .
They also cite studies suggesting
that abnormal melatonin metabolism
may be directly related to
schizophrenia .
It 's also suggested that sleep
deprivation affects melatonin
production and may be linked to
manic episodes .
SHOE HEELS CAUSE SCHIZOPHRENIA
Not only did
shoemakers start a trend
that led to generations of
women being condemned
to wearing high heels , they
could also be responsible
for the increasing number
of cases of schizophrenia .
The theory is that heeled
shoes may have led to the
first cases of the disease
and the establishment
of the first mental
hospitals .
Researcher Jarl
Flensmark says that the
schizophrenia only
appeared after heeled
shoes were introduced
into a population .
The oldest heeled shoe known
to man , made over 1,000
years ago , comes from
Mesopotamia — the same
area where the first
institutions dealing with
mental disorders appeared .
As industrialisation of shoe
production spread from NorthAmerica to Western Europe ,
there was a remarkable rise
in cases of schizophrenia .
In England , the heeled shoe
emerged at the start of the
17th century , and a large
increase in the number of
mental illness cases followed .
This is compared with Native
Americans , who wear flat
moccasins and have a
relatively low frequency of
schizophrenia .
The science ?
When we walk ,
the movement stimulates
receptors in the lower
extremities which increase
activity in brain cells .
Wearing heeled shoes
weakens the
lengthening
contractions in the
lower leg and foot , so
the receptors are
stimulated less .
This
drop in stimulation
leads to changes in the
dopamine system in the
brain .
This tallies with the
knowledge that
schizophrenics ' brains
produce more dopamine .
CHEST PAINS ARE CAUSED BY THE MOON
The condition spontaneous
pneumothorax is a collection of air or
gas in the chest , which can cause the
lung to collapse .
It usually occurs in
tall , thin men aged 20 to 40 and is often
caused by the rupture of a small air or
fluid - filled sac in the lung called a bulla .
In many cases there is no apparent
reason for the condition , which causes
chest pain , shortness of breath and a
cough .
Several potential causes have been
suggested , including pressure changes
triggered by the weather and the effects that they have on the sacs in the
lungs .
When pressure increases , it's
been argued , sacs are more likely to
rupture .
Doctors in Bratislava reviewed the
cases of 244 patients treated with the
condition .
They found the timing and
frequency of admissions operated over
a two - week cycle .
There were two distinct peaks for men
and women : one came exactly one
week before the new moon , and the
second one week after .
It 's thought the moon might exert an
influence through gravitation , the
same way that it affects the tides on
Earth .
The following apology was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Monday August 20 2007
Today Boris Berezovsky , Vladimir Putin 's most implacable enemy , goes on trial in Russia for corruption , accused of stealing millions of dollars from Russia 's state airline , Aeroflot .
If convicted , the former mathematics professor faces 10 years in jail .
But he wo n't be in court to face his accusers , or to hear the verdict weeks from now .
Berezovsky has dismissed the case as a Kremlin show trial and has said he wo n't turn up .
The charges against Berezovsky have their origins in the 90s , when a small , well - connected group of entrepreneurs made a killing from the privatisation of Russia 's state assets .
But what happened to the rest of them ?
A survey of the oligarchs , as they have become known , reveals an intriguing picture .
Most of the first wave are now in prison or in exile , including Berezovsky , who has lived in Britain since 2001 , the year he fell out with Putin , and has enjoyed asylum since 2003 .
Only a handful , led by Roman Abramovich , Russia 's richest man , have managed to succeed under both Boris Yeltsin and Putin , his successor .
Few ordinary Russians will feel much sympathy for the losers .
Any admiration for the gusto with which the country 's 50 - odd billionaires live their lives is more than outweighed by outrage at the way many of them made their money .
And in a country where anti-semitism is still rife and openly expressed , nationalist rabble - rousers have made much of the fact that of the seven oligarchs who controlled 50 % of Russia 's economy during the 1990s , six were Jewish : Berezovsky , Vladimir Guzinsky , Alexander Smolensky , Mikhail Khodorkovsky , Mikhail Friedman and Valery Malkin .
That fact is incontestable - but it is the result not of some grand conspiracy , but of the way the Soviet Union restricted Jews ' ability to assimilate and rise up in society .
While ethnic Slavs dominated all the best career slots in the highly bureaucratised official society , Jews who wanted to get ahead were forced into the black market economy .
When communism collapsed and the black market was legalised as free market capitalism , the Jewish entrepreneurs had a head start .
All this changed when Putin became president in 2000 .
Putin 's previous employer was the KGB - a notorious Slavs - only club .
Since he took power , most of the original Jewish oligarchs have fled .
But this probably has more to do with their failure to observe the new rules in Putin 's Russia than their religion .
During his time in office , Putin - who is due to step down next year - has established a new law : leave politics to the Kremlin .
Or else .
Who made how much - and how
Roman Abramovich
Age 40
Who is he ?
Russia 's richest tycoon , as well as the owner of a small football club somewhere in west London .
Abramovich 's fortune is now estimated at a whopping $ 19.2bn , according to Forbes ' 2007 list of Russia 's top 100 businessmen ( which reckons that there are 52 other Russian billionaires ) .
That is some $ 2.4bn more than the nest - egg of his former business partner , Oleg Deripaska , who comes second ( see below ) .
Shy , media - phobic , and with still - boyish features , Abramovich has managed to navigate the transition between the Yeltsin and Putin eras .
He has maintained good relations with both Kremlins .
He has thus hung on to his fortune , acquired in the 1990s when Abramovich was an oil trader .
He has also adopted the new Putin - era mantra of social responsibility , ploughing millions back into Chukotka , a province of reindeer farmers and polar bears in Russia 's frozen and generally knackered far east .
Abramovich is still the governor there , despite several attempts to resign .
His recent divorce from his wife Irina - and his alleged romance with 24 - year - old Daria Zhukova - have propelled him uncomfortably back into the tabloid limelight .
Relationship with Putin Chummy .
During a recent one - on - one meeting in the Kremlin , the president told Abramovich that he had to soldier on as Chukotka 's governor .
Wisely , Abramovich agreed .
Place of residence Knightsbridge , London , and a 440 - acre estate in Fyning Hill , West Sussex .
It has its own go - kart track , apparently .
How he got his money
In the 1990s he and his fellow oligarchs took advantage of the privatisation of Russia 's state assets .
In 1995 he hit the big time - when Abramovich , together with Boris Berezovsky , acquired a controlling interest in a large oil company , Sibneft .
Critics say the company was worth billions more than the pair paid for it .
The bidding process was rigged , they add .
Sibneft employees also allege that they were later forced to sell their shares for food when Sibneft failed to pay their wages .
By 2001 , Abramovich 's empire - held by his investment vehicle , Millhouse Capital - included not just Sibneft , but stakes in Aeroflot , aluminium , insurance , cars and hydroelectrics .
Since then he has sold many of his Russian assets .
Family
Two ex-wives : Olga - they divorced in 1990 - and Irina , a former Aeroflot stewardess , with whom he has four children .
Last autumn Abramovich denied rumours that his marriage to Irina was in trouble .
In April he confirmed that he and Mrs A had split .
She is believed to have got a derisory $ 300 m .
She was spotted in Moscow last month opening a new hotel .
Hobbies Football ?
Did anyone mention this ?
Abramovich bought Chelsea FC in 2003 , beginning a trend of foreign multimillionaires snapping up English clubs .
Despite a galaxy of overhyped stars , Chelsea failed this season to win the Premiership or the Champions League - though they did make off with the FA Cup .
Prospects Good .
Abramovich is likely to maintain good relations with Putin 's successor , while continuing his oxymoronic dual identity as London - based emigre and Russian patriot .
Putin may even drop in to Chukotka this week .
Oleg Deripaska
Age 39
Who is he ?
According to Finans magazine , Deripaska is now Russia 's richest man , with a fortune estimated at $ 21.2 bn .
Forbes magazine puts him in second place with $ 16.8 bn - just behind his friend Roman Abramovich .
Deripaska , who made his fortune from aluminium , claims the estimates are exaggerated .
Either way , he is the most successful of the new and ambitious generation of Putin - era oligarchs .
Deripaska grew up in the north Caucasus and studied in Moscow .
He began work in the early 1990s as a metal trader .
Beginning with a small stake in a Siberian smelting factory , Deripaska seized control of Russia 's vast , lucrative aluminium industry , merging his company in 2000 with Abramovich's .
His firm - Basic Element - is due to float on the London Stock Exchange for $ 25 - 30bn .
Several ex-business partners have sued Deripaska ; the US has previously refused him a visa .
Like Abramovich , Deripaska likes London , speaks English and is a keen Anglophile .
Unlike Abramovich , though , Deripaska has no plans to leave Russia .
He also claims to be indifferent about football .
In an interview with the Guardian earlier this year , he denied rumours that he wanted to buy Arsenal FC .
" I 'm not very enthusiastic about football .
Not at all , " he said .
Relationship with Putin Very close .
The two ski together , it is said .
Putin took Deripaska with him on a trip to Austria in May .
Place of residence Moscow and the North Caucasus .
Like any self - respecting oligarch , he also has a small London pad .
How he got his money
By emerging like a triumphant gladiator from the " aluminium wars " , the corpse - and - bits - of - body - strewn battle in the 1990s for control of Russia 's aluminium industry .
Deripaska denies tales that at one point the local mafia tried to blow him up with a grenade launcher .
But even among oligarchs - who are not exactly a bunch of softies - Deripaska has a reputation for ruthlessness .
An Israel - based businessman , Michael Cherney , is one of several disgruntled ex-business partners currently suing Deripaska in Britain .
He alleges that the tycoon has swindled him out of billions .
Deripaska denies the claim .
Family Deripaska is usefully married into the Yeltsin clan , Russia 's former first family .
The father of his wife Polina - Valentin Yumashev - was chief of staff to Boris Yeltsin and is married to the late president 's younger and politically astute daughter , Tatyana .
Deripaska has two children aged four and five .
Oh yes , and a British nanny .
Hobbies Unknown .
The tycoon does n't talk about them .
But he has spent money on patriotic projects , including the restoration of Russian churches .
Prospects Excellent .
Deripaska is , in the words of one observer , " untouchable " , thanks to his dynastic alliance with the Yeltsin family and his friendship with Putin .
He is now aggressively expanding his empire into property and construction , and has also bought the ailing British van maker LDV .
He is Russia 's leading deal - making tycoon .
Mikhail Khodorkovsky
Age 44
Who is he ?
The man who defied Vladimir Putin and ended up in a Siberian jail .
One of the original " magnificent seven " , the group of oligarchs who swaggeringly bestrode the Yeltsin era , Khodorkovsky acquired his spectacular fortune during the knockdown privatisation of Russia 's state assets in the 1990s .
While Abramovich got oil , Khodorkovsky got oil , too - lots of it - with his firm Yukos becoming Russia 's biggest oil company .
Like the hero of a dubious morality tale , however , Khodorkovsky broke the rules established by Yeltsin 's ex-KGB successor Vladimir Putin : do n't meddle in politics .
In the autumn of 2003 he funded opposition political parties ahead of Duma elections .
The Kremlin 's response was blunt .
It charged Khodorkovsky with tax evasion and fraud .
A court sentenced him to eight years in jail ; receivers broke up his Yukos empire and sold off the bits .
Brilliant and ruthless - he once installed video cameras to spy on his employees - Khodorkovsky is now either a justly convicted criminal or Russia 's most famous political prisoner , depending on your point of view .
He is unlikely to get out of jail any time soon .
Once Russia 's richest man , he has seen his fortune dwindle to a paltry $ 500 m , Forbes suggests .
Relation with Putin Not good .
See place of residence .
Place of residence Prison camp number 13 , Chita jail , eastern Siberia .
It 's a very long way away from Moscow .
He was last year given a spell in solitary for illegally possessing two lemons .
His mum was allowed to visit him recently on his 44th birthday .
How he got his money According to the Kremlin , he nicked it .
Like the others , Khodorkovsky aggressively exploited Russia 's Yeltsin - era privatisations .
An ambitious middle - class Soviet kid , Khodorkovsky began buying and selling in the late 1980s .
He founded his own bank , Menatap , then in 1995 bought Yukos for just $ 350 m .
Two years later the firm was valued at $ 9 bn .
The deal was part of the notorious loans - for - shares programme , which saw Yeltsin give away state assets to a small group of 23 or so oligarchs .
In return they agreed to get Boris re-elected as president in the face of a resurgent Communist party .
He was .
Family Wife and four children .
Hobbies Before his internment , Khodorkovsky was a frequent visitor to Maharaja , a Moscow curry house .
He is also a fan of Abba , and prefers jeans to formal suits .
Prospects Rubbish .
Khodorkovsky now faces the prospect of a second trial on further charges of embezzlement and money laundering .
The latest charges appear designed to ensure that the tycoon stays in prison until well after Putin departs office next year - and an as yet unknown Kremlin - backed successor takes over .
Boris Berezovsky
Age 61
Who is he ?
Brainy former mathematics professor and former Kremlin kingmaker who has morphed into Putin 's enemy number one .
In an interview with the Guardian in April , Berezovsky claimed he was plotting a coup against Putin , and called for a violent uprising against the Russian state .
Russia has opened a criminal investigation and accused him of treason .
It has repeatedly called for his extradition from Britain , where he has lived since 2001 .
Slight , balding and with a fondness for abstruse Latin phrases , Berezovsky began dabbling in the private sector in the late 80s .
His unrivalled ability to get close to those in power led him to penetrate Yeltsin 's family circle .
He then used his political connections to acquire profitable stakes in state companies .
They included a car dealership , the national airline Aeroflot , and several oil companies that he organised into Sibneft ( see Abramovich ) .
He also bought a TV station , ORT .
His fortune is now estimated at $ 1.1bn .
Relationship with Putin A bit like that between Darth Vader and Luke Skywalker , though without the touching family reconciliation death scene .
( Putin is Luke ) .
Britain 's refusal to hand over Berezovksy to Moscow continues to irritate the Kremlin , and poison UK - British relations ( see below ) .
Place of residence A mansion on the Wentworth estate near Weybridge , a house in Chelsea and a vast Belgravia apartment .
Definitely not Moscow .
How he got his money Like his fellow oligarchs , Berezovsky was a beneficiary of the extraordinary series of sweetheart privatisation deals that saw state assets flogged off in the 1990s for a fraction of their real value .
Berezovsky 's share of the swag was Sibneft ( see Abramovich ) , a newly created oil company , which he got for a whisker over $ 100 m .
Its value was later estimated at $ 1bn .
Berezovsky also held stakes in a car dealership , and in the state - owned airline Aeroflot .
In return , Berezovsky masterminded the 1996 re-election of Boris Yeltsin for a chaotic , bedridden , vodka - soaked , corruption - tainted second term .
He and his billionaire friends coughed up £ 140 m for Yeltsin 's campaign .
Family Married at least three times , with six children .
Hobbies
In his 2002 entry in Russia 's Who 's Who , Berezovsky modestly lists two hobbies : work and power .
Prospects Surprisingly good .
In the wake of the horrible murder of his associate Alexander Litvinenko - allegedly killed by a former KGB agent using radioactive polonium - 210 - no British court is likely to send Berezovsky back to Russia .
Berezovsky will continue to enjoy life under his assumed British name - Platon Elenin - and make revolutionary mischief .
Mikhail Prokhorov
Age 42
Who is he ?
According to the Moscow tabloids , he is Russia 's most eligible bachelor , with a snappy little fortune of $ 15 bn .
At the age of 42 , Prokhorov is still defiantly unmarried , despite a string of eligible girlfriends and a recent spoof announcement that he intended to tie the knot .
His playboy reputation was cemented in February when French police arrested him during an investigation into an international prostitution ring .
Police seized Prokhorov in the French skiing resort of Courchevel - a favourite destination for Russia 's ultra-rich .
He was later released without charge .
" The allegations are absurd , " Sergei Chernytsin , spokesman for Prokhorov 's firm Norilsk Nickel , said in January .
He added : " Naturally , he likes girls , and treats them in a natural way .
But this is n't a pretext to accuse him of pimping . "
The incident provoked a personal chewing - out from the ascetic Putin , it is said .
As well as liking women and parties , Prokhorov is Russia 's fifth richest man .
His billions were made from the vast nickel and gold deposits hacked out of Russia 's frozen north .
His mine in the town of Norilsk , the second largest human settlement north of the Arctic Circle , was privatised in Russia 's anarchic 1990s .
Relationship with Putin Worsening ?
Putin last year awarded him the Order of Friendship - a token of Kremlin esteem .
But his arrest in January may have led to a cooling .
Place of residence Moscow , and ( sometimes ) the Alps .
How he made his money Back in the early 1990s , Prokhorov was a clever young banker working for the state - run International Bank of International Cooperation .
Vladimir Potanin , an influential banker from a privileged Soviet background , talent - spotted him .
The two men moved into private banking , got their mitts on several billion - dollar government accounts , and never looked back .
In November 1995 Potanin and Prokhorov snapped up Norilsk Nickel , Russia 's largest nickel company , for £ 78 m less than the asking price .
Months later Potanin had become deputy prime minister .
Family Plenty of exes , but no Mrs Prokhorov as yet .
Hobbies Loads .
As well as throwing lavish parties , Prokhorov likes basketball ( he 's two metres tall ) and skiing .
Then there is kickboxing , football , the avant - garde , and - strange but true - Salvador Dali .
Prospects Good , assuming he watches his step on the pistes .
According to Kommersant newspaper , Prokhorov intends to resign as general director of Norilsk Nickel to concentrate on acquiring electricity assets .
Though this means a split from his long - term business partner , Vladimir Potanin - Russia 's fourth richest man - it will leave him still nursing his billions .
Viktor Vekselberg
Age 50
Who is he ?
Putin - friendly oligarch , and Russia 's 10th richest chap , with a fortune estimated at $ 10.7 bn .
After working in an obscure state lab for many years , Vekselberg made a killing when the aluminium industry was privatised in the 1990s .
He became a major player after Boris Yeltsin 's re-election in 1996 , when he became co-owner and chairman of Tyumen Oil ( TNK ) , one of Russia 's largest oil and gas companies .
His company later developed a joint venture with BP .
Like other oligarchs who have thrived under Putin , Vekselberg realises the importance of patriotic gestures .
In 2004 he bought nine of the legendary Fabergé eggs from the US Forbes publishing family in New York .
The collection was shipped home to mother Russia and triumphantly exhibited at the Kremlin .
He also forked out $ 1 m to Harvard University to pay for the return of a set of Russian bells to a Moscow monastery .
Like most Russian oligarchs , Vekselberg is of Jewish origin - he has a Jewish father , though he does n't regard himself as Jewish .
He is currently restructuring his assets , which also include aluminium and property .
Relationship with Putin Mixed .
Putin invited Vekselberg , together with Oleg Deripaska , on his trip to Austria and Luxembourg in May - a good sign .
But he also recently criticised Vekselberg and TNK - BP ( his joint venture with BP ) for failing to develop a gasfield in eastern Siberia .
TNK - BP was forced to sell it to Gazprom .
Place of residence Moscow .
How he made his money
You should know the answer to this one .
He got rich when Russia 's aluminium industry was privatised in the 1990s - together with other state assets sold for a bag of beans .
His Siberian and Ural aluminium company ( SUAL ) has just merged with Deripaska 's company RusAl to create the world 's biggest aluminium company .
Family
He is married to Marina , and has two children , a daughter , Irina , and a son , Sasha .
Hobbies Pass .
Although he looks a bit like Father Christmas .
Prospects Good .
Vekselberg still enjoys reasonable relations with the man who counts , and heads the influential Russian Union of Industrialists and Entrepreneurs .
His preference for building business partnerships with friends and university mates has helped him multiply his billions .
Mikhail Friedman
Age 43
Who is he ?
Wheeler - dealer from western Ukraine and Russia 's sixth richest man .
( According to Forbes , there is $ 13.5 bn in his piggy bank ) .
Friedman has so far avoided the fate of Khodorkovsky and other fallen oligarchs .
Stocky , and with a pudgy , boyish face , Friedman grew up in Lvov - the formerly Polish city now in Ukraine .
He was once a communist youth activist .
He embarked on his capitalist career at a student in the late Soviet Union by buying and selling theatre tickets .
Having learned how to run a business , he set up a kooperativ - selling windows , importing photocopiers and cultivating bureaucrats .
He then moved on to banking , buying large stakes in Russian firms and selling them on at a profit .
In 2003 he merged his giant oil firm TNK with BP in a $ 7bn deal .
Friedman is also the head of Russia 's powerful Alfa Bank .
When Boris Yeltsin died earlier this year , Friedman turned up at Moscow 's Christ the Saviour 's Cathedral to pay his respects .
Relationship with Putin Unclear , but may be getting a bit wobbly .
See prospects .
Place of residence Moscow .
How he got his money
After trying theatre tickets ( see above ) , Friedman experimented with windows , Siberian wool shawls and breeding laboratory mice .
His breakthrough came when he started exporting oil - much cheaper in the Soviet Union than in the west .
But essentially it 's the same old story of privatisation and bandit capitalism .
Family Divorced with two children .
Hobbies
He claims to be less busy than he seems .
Otherwise , no hobbies as such .
Prospects Slightly ominous .
According to Moscow 's scurrilous expat newspaper the Exile , Friedman 's name popped up on a bunch of signs waved by demonstrators at an anti-Putin rally in St Petersburg - not a good omen .
Additionally , officials are now investigating claims that he illegally purchased his mega - dacha - a bad sign .
All content including pictures is protected by copyright and cannot be used without written permission .
MiKael 's Mania - Arabian Horses © 2013
All rights reserved .
By Lola Almudevar
BBC News , Bolivia
In Bolivia , a weak economy and a shortage of jobs means some parents are moving abroad to find work and earn money for their families .
But , in many cases , their children are being left behind with no one to care for them .
There are telephone shops all over Bolivia , places where people - often too poor to have a phone of their own - go to make their calls .
They are full of rickety plastic booths and are abuzz with the sound of locals calling long distance .
The parents of these children work abroad or in another part of Bolivia
Frequently , they are calling the people who clean houses , look after other people 's children , pick fruit , and work on construction sites in countries like Spain , Italy , Argentina and Britain .
These migrant workers are the fathers or mothers of youngsters like Carlita .
Her mother left their home in Santa Cruz a year ago and now works as a domestic servant in Madrid .
" She is going to send for me as soon as I turn 18 , " Carlita says as she leads me towards her home along a dusty path where bin liners blow in the warm breeze .
Carlita , who is 17 , seems a typical teenage girl with a shy , awkward smile .
But her childhood ended some time ago .
Domestic abuse
Until recently she lived with her grandmother and aunt who promised to take care of her .
But it seems what they cared for most was the cash her mother sent from Spain each month .
I do not know where I found the strength to defend myself
Carlita
Carlita felt ignored , began to fight with her aunt , and before long the rows became violent .
When Carlita telephoned her mother to tell her she wanted to leave , her aunt feared the remittances would be lost .
Her reaction was to beat Carlita until she was black and blue , and could hardly move .
" She used a belt , " Carlita tells me , glancing towards the psychologist who is here to check on her progress and is sitting in on our interview .
" I do not know where I found the strength to defend myself , because I did defend myself .
" But I know that if I had been younger and smaller , I would not have been able to put up a fight , " she says .
Abandoned
Carlita now sleeps on the floor in another aunt 's ramshackle house .
Carlos Perez estimates he sees six cases like Carlita 's each week
There are 17 children staying here , many of whom have a parent working abroad or in another part of Bolivia .
The scene is nothing unusual for psychologist , Carlos Perez , who sits on a broken chair in the yard .
He sees cases like Carlita 's all the time .
But normally the children are younger and the maltreatment more severe .
" The mother leaves and the child is effectively left in the care of no - one , " he says .
" They show signs of neglect and become rebellious .
It is tremendously frequent and it is creating a generation of children who do not know how to behave in society . "
Carlita is old enough for her experience not to have too much lasting impact on her character .
Others are less fortunate , with many suffering irreparable psychological damage or falling into drugs and delinquency .
When we get back to the justice centre where Carlos works , he is immediately bombarded by people who want his help .
Seventeen children live in the same house as Carlita
Although he seems to respond completely professionally , his frown shows that he feels tense and beleaguered .
" There are babies just one or two months old who are being left behind , " he says .
" And when their mothers come back they can not recognise them .
One boy told me ' I do n't want these shoes or clothes I have been given .
I want my mother here to comb my hair and bathe me and tell me a story ' . "
The psychologist is clearly troubled .
A better future ?
Migration is a world phenomenon , caused by globalisation - it is up to us to contain the social consequences in the countries of origin
Juan Ramon Quintana , government minister
They want to create more than 360,000 jobs by 2010 .
But those jobs , if they do come , will come too late for the generation to which Carlita belongs .
And as Juan Ramon Quintana , a high - ranking government minister , tells me , you can not blame people for wanting to find a better future .
It is their right .
" Migration is a world phenomenon , caused by globalisation - it is up to us to contain the social consequences in the countries of origin , " he says .
I board an early morning bus to leave Santa Cruz and watch as vendors scramble on board at each stop .
They sell fizzy drinks , chicken , ice cream , lollipops , chewing gum , whatever they can lay their hands on .
Their earnings are pitiful , but in a country where jobs are scarce , you do whatever you can to survive .
I remember Carlos 's final words to me .
" Behind so many immigrants in your country , are stories like Carlita's .
Behind their lives over there are all of these children left alone here . "
As my bus heads off into the countryside , I reflect on the sad reality that until there are dignified jobs for Bolivians in Bolivia , many children will follow the same path as Carlita : growing up for them will be a very lonely road .
From Our Own Correspondent was broadcast on Thursday 18 October , 2007 at 1100 BST on BBC Radio 4 .
Please check the programme schedules for World Service transmission times .
Update - Email from an employee at the Space Science Institute in Boulder , Colorado , on June 23 , 2007 :
" I enjoy visiting your Earthfiles website for news on topics one normally does n't hear much about , and your reports to Coast to Coast which I listen to when I stay up late working on art projects or photographs .
I like that you 're keeping on top of the disappearing bees situation .
About your recent Earthfiles report , What Is the Moving Light in Saturn 's Rings ?
A Sundog ?
The bright spots in the four images are not a sundog .
It 's called the ' opposition effect ' and is seen in the rings whenever Cassini is looking in the exact same direction as the sunlight .
It 's due to sunlight illuminating everything face - on ( what astronomers call ' zero phase angle ' ) and therefore , no shadows exist .
I work at the Space Science Institute , doing most of the image processing for the Cassini cameras in one of the groups . "
[ Editor 's Note : Space Science Institute : " The opposition effect exists because of two contributing factors .
One is due to the fact that the shadows of ring particles directly opposite the Sun from Cassini–the region of opposition –fall completely behind the particles as seen from the spacecraft .
These shadows are thus not visible to the spacecraft : all ring particle surfaces visible to Cassini are in sunlight and therefore bright .
Away from the region of opposition , the ring particle shadows become more visible to Cassini and the scene become less bright .
The surge in brightness falls off in a circular fringe around that point .
" Another contributing factor to the opposition surge is an optical phenomenon called “ coherent backscatter . ”
Here , the electromagnetic signal from the rays of scattered sunlight , making their way back to the spacecraft , is enhanced near the region of opposition because , instead of canceling , the electric and magnetic fields comprising the scattered radiation fluctuate in unison .
The July 23 , 2006 , images were taken in visible light with the Cassini spacecraft wide - angle camera at a distance of approximately 262,000 kilometers ( 163,000 miles ) from Saturn .
Image scale in the radial , or outward from Saturn , direction is 13 kilometers ( 8 miles ) per pixel . " ]
In the latest attempt to crack down on illegal drug use , scientists say they can determine the extent and pattern of illicit drug use — from marijuana to heroin to cocaine — by sampling sewage and extracting the telltale by - products .
For example , cocaine is snorted , does its brain - altering business and then passes through the liver and the kidneys on its way out of the body .
It emerges in urine as benzoylecgonine and , as that urine travels from toilet to treatment plant , it mixes with a host of other by - products of human activity .
Environmental analytical chemist Jennifer Field of Oregon State University and her colleagues , using an automated system they developed , test small samples automatically collected at wastewater treatment plants over a 24 - hour period .
Solids are centrifuged out and the sewage sample then travels at high pressure through a machine that chemically separates the various compounds of interest chemically , such as benzoylecgonine .
By measuring the relative mass of the various residual chemicals , the chemists can then identify what specific drugs have been recently used in that community .
" Here 's a new tool for taking snapshots of communities over space and in time and getting a less biased view of drug use , " Field says .
Current methods , she notes , rely on either self - reporting in surveys or actual overdoses .
" Certainly compared to the statistics approach , which is waiting for people to die , " she adds , " this is more real - time . "
The technique has been tried in at least 10 U.S. cities , ranging from towns with populations hovering around 17,000 people to medium - size cities of 600,000 , according to Fields , though she declined to specify the municipalities by name .
One trend : use of methadone and methamphetamine ( a prescription opiate withdrawal aid and speed ) remained constant over 24 days in these cities , but cocaine consumption routinely spiked on the weekends .
" You can see this upswing in the recreational use of cocaine as evidenced by increases in some cases starting as early as Thursday , " of each week studied , Field says .
The researchers presented the new drug testing technique at the biannual American Chemical Society conference in Boston today and hope to form partnerships in the future with interested communities .
The work is part of a growing trend to monitor drug use via sewage pioneered in the Po River valley by toxicologist Roberto Fanelli of the Mario Negri Institute for Pharmacological Research in Milan .
The U.S. government has undertaken such drug - testing experiments since 2006 in more than 30 municipalities , ranging from San Diego to Fairfax County , Va. ( just outside of Washington , D.C. ) .
The technique might help communities determine where to apply law enforcement or track the success of targeted drug-use prevention efforts , the researchers say — for example , helping to get a handle on methamphetamine - related deaths in Oregon , which have tripled over the past decade .
But the strategy also raises privacy concerns , Field says .
She notes it would be extremely difficult to track individual drug use with this method , both because it is hard to reliably estimate from a community - wide measure how many individuals are actually using the drug and sampling would have to take place almost all the way back in the individual toilet to trace it to a particular household .
" It 's not getting back to the individual , " she emphasizes .
The next step , Fields says , will be to trace the unique by - products of extremely common drugs , such as caffeine and nicotine , to enable even more precise readings of local use .
" We will be exploring are there ways to use human urinary biomarkers to try and assess the population ? " she says .
" Can you follow worker populations ?
Students moving in and out ?
And then answer questions about trends in drug use . "
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - A rare 710 - year - old copy of the Magna Carta , among the most important historical documents ever to hit the auction block , sold for $ 21.3 million on Tuesday at Sotheby’s .
Slideshow ( 6 images )
The document was bought by a Washington businessman who said he was determined to see it remain in the United States , where it has been on display at the National Archives and Records Administration since 1988 .
The last remaining copy in the United States and the last in private hands , the Magna Carta , one of 17 known to exist , was sold by The Perot Foundation , created by billionaire former U.S. presidential candidate Ross Perot to make philanthropic grants .
The foundation acquired it from the collections of the Brudenell family of Deene Park in Northamptonshire in 1984 .
“ It ’s a good day for our country , ” said David Rubenstein , a lawyer and founder of The Carlyle Group , a private equities firm , told reporters after he made the extraordinary purchase , adding that he had arrived just minutes before the sale and very nearly missed out .
“ I was determined to do what I could to see that the National Archives can continue to display this , ” Rubenstein said , noting that the 1297 document was the basis for both the U.S. Constitution and the Declaration of Independence .
“ I am really just a temporary custodian of it , ” said Rubenstein , adding that he would not have to travel far to see the document as his office is just a few hundreds yards from the National Archives .
Rubenstein said his Washington connections run deep , having once worked under President Jimmy Carter as a deputy domestic policy advisor .
He said he would “ rely on the National Archives ’ advice ” regarding the document possibly going on tour internationally , saying his wish was that it could be seen by as many people as possible .
The Magna Carta , which Sotheby ’s called “ the most important document in the world , ” established the rights of the English people and curbed the power of the king .
The U.S. Constitution includes ideas and phrases taken almost directly from the charter , which rebellious barons forced their oppressive King John to sign in 1215 .
Sotheby ’s said the Magna Carta was ratified and reissued with each monarch who succeeded John .
It was enacted as law in 1297 by the British parliament when it was reissued by King Edward I .
The copy sold Tuesday is from 1297 .
Asked how high he was willing to bid for the Magna Carta , Rubenstein replied : “ I do n’t think you can put a price on freedom . ”
When it announced the auction in September , Sotheby ’s said the document was valued at up to $ 30 million .
The final $ 21,321,000 price included Sotheby ’s commission .
The record for a document or manuscript at auction is held by Leonardo da Vinci ’s “ Codex ” manuscript , which sold for $ 30.8 million at Christie ’s in 1994 .
Magna Carta , which has been in display at Sotheby ’s since December 7 , will remain on public view at least through Wednesday .
Economists and real estate experts see other parallels as well .
In the 1980's , the expectation of rising real estate prices made many Japanese homebuyers feel comfortable about taking on huge debt .
And they did so by using exotic loans that required little money upfront and that promised low monthly payments , at least for a short time .
A similar pattern is found today in the United States , where the methods include interest - only mortgages , which allow homebuyers to repay no principal for a few years .
Japan had its own versions of these loans , including the so - called three - generation loan , a 90 - or even 100 - year mortgage that permitted buyers to spread payments out over their lifetimes and those of their children and grandchildren .
But when property prices dropped in Japan , homeowners found themselves saddled with loans far larger than the value of their real estate .
Many fell into bankruptcy , especially those who lost their jobs or took pay cuts as declining property prices helped to incite a broader recession .
From 1994 to 2003 , the number of personal bankruptcies rose sixfold , to a record high of 242,357 , according to the Japanese Supreme Court , which tracks such data .
Even many of those who avoided financial collapse found themselves marooned in homes that they never intended as lifelong residences .
For many Japanese homebuyers in the 1980's , land prices had risen so high that the only places they could afford were far from central Tokyo .
Many went deep into debt to buy tiny or shoddily built homes that were two hours away from their offices .
Now , after years of tumbling land prices have made Tokyo more affordable again , few people are shopping for homes in the distant suburbs .
That has led to severe declines in property values in these outlying areas , leaving many people with homes that are worth less than the balance on their mortgages from a decade or more ago .
Mr. Nakashima , who bought the apartment here in Kashiwa , said it would take him at least another decade to whittle down his loan to the point that he could pay it off by selling his home .
And this assumes that the apartment does not drop further in value -- a real possibility , because lower prices in Tokyo have led to a recent boom in construction of newer apartments in neighborhoods closer to downtown .
" We can't sell and get something better because we 'll take such a huge loss , " said Mr. Nakashima , a serious man who recounts his story with careful precision , sometimes pausing to check dates .
" The collapse of the bubble robbed us of our freedom to choose where we can live . "
Admit it :
For many of us , our work computer is a home away from home .
It seems only fair , since our home computer is typically an office away from the office .
So in between typing up reports and poring over spreadsheets , we use our office PCs to keep up with our lives .
We do birthday shopping , check out funny clips on YouTube and catch up with friends by email or instant message .
And ...
Despite an uncertain future in the US , the app could have lasting implications for what we want from social media .
A Czech speedway racer discovered his inner British toff after another rider ran over his head .
Non-English speaker Matej Kus , 18 , took the spill during a race in the UK .
Paramedics were stunned when he came round and asked where he was – in perfect English .
It soon became apparent that Kus had lost his memory , forgetting he was a Czech bike racer , and presumably thinking he was an accent coach at the BBC .
Team manager Peter Waite told Ananova that Kus sounded “ like a newsreader ” .
The biker 's foray into the world of received pronunciation was shortlived , however .
As soon as his memory returned , two days later , his command of English evaporated .
Speaking through an interpreter , Kus said : " There must be some English deep in my head … Hopefully I can pick some English up so I 'll be able to speak it without someone having to hit me over the head . "
With the Czech capital Prague being the UK ’s number one destination for stag weekends , Kus ’s hopes may be folorn .
Doctors put the baffling linguistic transformation down to Foreign Accent Syndrome , a rare condition where a blow to the head – or a stroke – damages the parts of the brain that control speech .
In 2004 a Bristol woman woke up speaking French and thinking she was living in Paris .
She was subsequently diagnosed with Susac ’s syndrome .
As she explained to the Daily Mail last year , " It might sound funny to others , but suddenly thinking you are French is terrifying . " ®
Let me repeat that .
In the United States , of all the children in foster care , 60 percent are black .
African - Americans are 60 percent of the foster children and 12 percent of the general population .
That ’s a 500 - percent over representation .
In ballpark terms , that means a black child is five times more likely to end up in foster care than the average American child .
When you take black children out of the national average , blacks are in the neighborhood of 11 times more likely to be foster children than non-blacks .
Why is that ?
It ’s because there is a broad - based collapse of the black family in America .
And if things are ever going to get better , African - American leaders are going to have to switch their emphasis from defending black America to changing black America .
There needs to be a reformation and a renewal of black America , with a change of emphasis from victimization to individual responsibility .
This is n’t offered as a criticism , but as a lifeline .
Not a condemnation , but as a way out of a crisis .
Not because I hate blacks , but because I love them .
Because I am haunted by the thought of those African - American kids in foster care , and the lonely isolation and deprivation of natural affection they must feel .
The babies who need holding and the young tears that need to be dried .
The kids who never really get a chance , who never really get the most basic of birthrights – a mom and a dad and a loving home .
And I am saddened by what those children must almost unavoidably become – alienated from society and deprived of its opportunities , wards first of the state and then of the welfare and prison systems .
It is a cancer wherever it exists , but it exists with butchering disproportion in the black community .
And only the black community can change that .
And the preachers must lead .
The black church , long touted as the anchor of the African - American community , is in abject failure .
Its efforts are apparently so overwhelmed as to be fruitless .
There is much preaching of the word , but little living of the word , and consequently few blessings of the word .
The black clergy must change that .
They must demand not only to be heard by their community , but followed .
Not in the paths of civil rights conflict and peace and justice causes , but in the simple and clear lifestyle of Christ .
They must preach the gospel of God , not the gospel of men .
They must preach the virtuous and faithful life .
Lying , stealing and idleness must be denounced .
Marriage and family must be exalted , and out - of - wedlock sex and children must be scorned .
In a community where two - thirds of the children are born to single mothers , is it any wonder such astounding numbers end up abused and neglected and dumped into foster care .
The culture must be changed .
It must stop being worshipped , it must be replaced .
And prominent African - Americans – in sports , entertainment , business and politics – must act with public dignity .
The bad example of a few – through destructive lifestyles , drug use and disrespectful and dissolute living – does tremendous damage to many .
A theme of good living must permeate the African - American popular culture .
Instead of drugs , violence and sex , the community ’s entertainment and standards must be directed toward bettering real lives in the real world .
And the obsession with white racism should be replaced with a focus on black power – black power to choose to live lives with better , freer and happier outcomes .
And all of this must come from within .
There is no government program , no amount of money , no outside mentoring or education , no non-profit crusade , no nothing that will do a bit of good – except the strong , righteous and wise leadership of black moms and dads , pastors and mayors .
W.E.B. Du Bois taught that the most principled and educated of the black community would have to lead out to save it from the least principled and least educated .
He said that to keep the worst element from dominating , the best element would have to assume its full social responsibility and lift its community by its example and achievements .
That is not now happening .
But the counsel of a century ago is still wise today .
Here are two examples .
In his forward to Booker T. Washington ’s autobiography , Du Bois warned blacks against “ the old ideas of revolt and revenge ” and observed , “ In every generation of our national life , from Phillis Wheatley to Booker Washington , the Negro race in America has succeeded in bringing forth men whom the country , at times spontaneously , at times in spite of itself , has been impelled to honor and respect . ”
He was right , but he is being ignored .
“ Revolt and revenge ” are being lifted up , and “ honor and respect ” are being pushed down .
The Colin Powells and the Condaleeza Rices of the world are mocked and torn down , not emulated and honored .
The black family is in tatters , the black economy is badly wounded , the black future is dim .
And it ever will be , unless black America rouses to save itself and live up to the glory of its history .
If the black family survived slavery , it can survive the modern world .
If – and only if – African - Americans free themselves from the shackles of their own bad choices , and live up to the strength and virtue of their heritage .
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) --
Stocks rallied to a sharply higher close Monday , sending the Dow industrials up by over 280 points for its best day since 2003 , as investors snapped up financial shares , which have been heavily hit in recent weeks amid concerns about credit markets and bad home loans .
" When you snap a rubber band too much one way , it has to kick back the other way , " said Donald Selkin , director of equity research at Joseph Stevens , referring in particular to financial shares .
" They 've been coming down so much recently , with all the bad news about Bear Stearns and others , " he said .
" Is it sustainable ?
We 'll see .
We were at very oversold levels for this market , but we have to be a bit skeptical as long as the Nasdaq keeps lagging badly behind . "
The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA , - 0.47 % finished up 286 points at 13,468 , marking its best one - day performance since June 2003 , and making up for its 281 - point plunge on Friday .
Out of the Dow's 30 stocks , 29 advanced , led by financial shares such as American International Group .
AIG , - 1.23 % , Citigroup Inc. C , - 2.12 % , and JP Morgan Chase & Co. JPM , - 0.84 % .
Also on the Dow , Merck & Co. Inc. MRK , - 1.03 % gained 2.1 % after Cowen & Co upgraded the stock , while Wal - Mart Stores Inc. WMT , - 0.08 % rose 3.3 % after saying it is setting up a joint business - to - business venture in India .
The S&P 500 SPX , - 0.48 % gained 34 points to 1,467 , while the Nasdaq Composite COMP , - 0.29 % rose 36 points to 2,547 .
" There 's also hope that the [ Federal Reserve ] is going to change its tone , " Selkin said .
While the central bank , which meets Tuesday , is widely expected to leave interest rates unchanged , investors hope it will signal some concern about credit markets .
Trading volumes showed 2.2 billion shares exchanging hands on the New York Stocks Exchange and 2.8 billion shares trading on the Nasdaq stock market .
Gaining issues topped decliners by 17 to 15 on the NYSE , while decliners topped gainers by 8 to 7 on Nasdaq .
S&P , others to the rescue
The rally accelerated in afternoon trade after a managing director at Standard & Poor 's said that the market had overreacted to S&P 's decision Friday to lower its ratings outlook on Bear Stearns BSC , - 10.00 % .
Some investors are also trying to find some value in some of the most battered shares of the financial sector .
In a note , Thomson Financial analyst Michael Thompson said that four broker / dealers Morgan Stanley MS , - 2.35 % , Merrill Lynch MER , +27.69 % , Lehman Brothers LEH , and E - Trade Financial ETFC , - 2.33 % are among the most undervalued stocks of the sector .
E - Trade Financial ETFC , - 2.33 % rebounded from heavy pressure earlier to finish up 1.5 % .
Meanwhile , Merrill Lynch MER , +27.69 % jumped 6.4 % .
UBS upgraded the stock to a buy rating , saying the fallout from the mortgage and credit businesses is mostly priced into the stock at this time .
Another stock that got an upgrade from UBS was TD Ameritrade AMTD , - 1.09 % .
The stock was up 1.9 % .
Financial woes
The bankruptcy filing from American Home Mortgage AHM first accentuated credit - market worries in morning trade .
On Friday , those concerns and a weak jobs report drove a sell - off that marked the Dow 's third worst day of the year .
The Dow fell 281 points , the S&P 500 fell 39 points , and the Nasdaq lost 64 points .
The declines followed a downgrade of the outlook for investment bank Bear Stearns BSC , - 10.00 % by Standard & Poor 's on concerns about its reputation , its exposure to mortgages and mortgage - backed securities and on debt taken from unsuccessful leveraged finance underwritings .
Over the weekend , Bear Stearns assigned blame for its troubles .
Warren Spector , its co-president and co-chief operating officer , resigned .
Art Hogan , chief market strategist at Jefferies & Co. tells MarketWatch that traders are hoping to " find some stabilization , " following last week 's tough losses .
Listen to Hogan .
The credit worries persisted Monday , but some investors believe that recent selloffs have been excessive and that there are attractive bargains for the taking .
The market is eager for the Federal Open Market Committee 's decision on interest rates on Tuesday .
" The market remains very jittery , " said Peter Cardillo , chief market economist at Avalon Partners .
" The focus now will be on the Fed decision .
I do n't expect it to cut rates tomorrow , but I do think the market is correct in thinking that if the situation worsens , the Fed may say it is ready to injection liquidity and cut rates . "
" Right now the market needs to calm its nerves , but it will be hard to do so , " he said .
The fed funds rate stands at 5.25 % .
The central bank has left rates unchanged since June , 2006 .
Stocks in action
Shares of American Home Mortgage AHM were halted , after the mortgage lender forfeited most of its market capitalization in recent sessions .
The company , which last week revealed that many of its creditors were demanding their money back , revealed its bankruptcy petition in a government filing .
Another mortgage lender , Countrywide Financial CFC , revealed in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing its liquidity sources as of June 30 .
It had a net $ 186.5 billion available , and characterized various sources by reliability as high , moderate , moderate - to - high and moderate - to - low -- with $ 81.3 billion in agency and private - label MBS and ABS falling into the latter category .
Shares of the French bank Natixis climbed in overseas trade after the company held to its 2007 profit outlook and said it 's cut its entire loan exposure to U.S. subprime mortgages and two - thirds of its trading exposure .
Crude oil tumbles
Crude oil futures came under severe pressure , with the front - month crude contract falling $ 3.42 , or nearly 5 % , to close at $ 72.06 a barrel .
Traders are worried that a slowing U.S. economy will result in lower energy demand .
See Futures Movers
The front - month gold contract also fell , losing $ 1.10 to $ 683.30 an ounce .
See Metals Stocks .
Treasurys fell as investors removed safe haven positions amid the rally in stocks .
The benchmark 10 - year Treasury finished off 11/32 at 98-7/32 with a yield $ TNX of 4.729 % .
See Bonds .
The dollar fell against the euro and the yen early Monday , continuing to react to last week 's weaker - than - expected employment and services - sector growth data .
" Traders are sidelined until Tuesday 's FOMC meeting , as they try to determine the Fed reaction to the latest problems in the housing sector , " said Boris Schlossberg , senior currency strategist at DailyFX.com .
See full story .
After a bit of playing around with three different distributed version control systems , Git , Mercurial , and Bazaar , I ’ve decided on Mercurial .
For choices like this , especially when none have glaringly obvious problems , it can be difficult to make an objective decision .
Sometimes it ’s best to just go with your gut , and my gut was telling me Mercurial .
I plan on using Mercurial for new projects and converting a couple older Subversion repositories .
For some projects where I still have to use Subversion , I will be using git - svn , though .
This allows me to test drive
Git a bit more , too .
Also , once I realized it was pretty easy to convert from one system to another , it made the choice a lot less permanent .
If I decide to try Git or Bazaar in six months , I do n’t think it ’ll be much of an issue to convert the Mercurial repository .
There was a bit more detail to my choice , but it ’s better to explain why I did n’t pick the other options .
Read on for details .
Why Not Git
The biggest sticking point was poor Windows support .
Git was originally written with the core in C and held together with a mix of Perl and shell scripts .
I believe the shell scripts were particularly hairy to port to non-Unix machines , like Windows .
In addition , some of the C code was dependent on forking , execing , and piping , things that are , again , not directly portable to non-Unix machines .
That being said , Git is currently addressing this .
One of the Google Summer of Code projects was to replace much of these scripts with more portable ( and faster ) C code .
It ’s quite possible that the upcoming 1.5.4 or 1.6.0 releases mean native Git on Windows .
I ’ll be keeping my eye on this .
Update :
Yes , I know it ’ll run under Cygwin , but that ’s not practical for most Window ’s users .
Yes , I ’m aware of Git on MSYS , but that ’s currently a forked project .
Once this is merged back in and I can file bugs about the Windows version , then it ’ll be “ officially ” supported in my book .
One of the other annoyances with Git is that the repository requires periodic optimization with git-gc .
I do n’t know how often this happens in day to day usage , but after importing a small - ish Subversion project ( MAME OS X ) into Git , the initial repository size was 48 M .
After running git gc -- aggressive , the size was 12 M .
I do n’t know what the best practices are for repository optimizations , but Wincent repacks once a month .
I feel that if something like this needs to be done periodically , the tool should just find a way to do it automatically .
Otherwise , I ’m just gonna forget to do it and get frustrated when things are slow .
The Git devs are definitely aware of this issue , as Linus started a thread about people being unaware of the importance of git - gc just a couple months ago .
So , again , this may be a non-issue in six to twelve months .
The final annoyance is that Git revisions are marked as SHA - 1 hashes .
Thus , if you want to do a diff between two revisions , you have to use long , non-user friendly hashes .
Coming from Subversion , where revisions are increasing integers , this is a pain .
While , Mercurial uses SHA - 1 hashes for revisions , too , it also assigns local integers as aliases to the SHA - 1 hashes .
This means you can still do things like hg diff - r53 - r60 .
Because these are local aliases only , revision 53 on one repository is not necessary the same as revision 53 on another , cloned , repository , though .
You ’ll have to use the full SHA - 1 hash , which is unique among repositories .
I believe Bazaar does something similar to Mercurial .
What Git has to Offer
One of the coolest parts of Git is git-svn .
It ’s a bi-directional gaetway between Subversion and Git , allowing you to use Git with an existing Subversion repository .
This means you can get local commits and easy local branching and merging with these existing repositories .
Once all your editing is complete , you can push your changes out to the Subversion repository .
The other Subversion users would n’t even know you used Git .
This is so cool , that I plan on using this on a project or two .
Mercurial has something similar called hgsvn , but it does n’t seem as polished as git-svn .
Git also has stronger local branching , in my opinion .
With Git , you can create a branch in your repository that is local only for you .
When you push out to another repository , these local branches do not go with it .
You can easily switch between branches with git-checkout .
This is space efficient , since you can create many branches within one local repository .
Mercurial , in contrast , does not have the concept of local branches .
Instead , you just clone your local repository to another directory .
While this may seem like a waste of space , Mercurial can use hard links so that most of the space is shared between the two clones .
This can even be done on Windows , though it requires NTFS and an extra package .
The downside to the hard link approach : if you do a pull on one of the clones , the hard links are broken .
There is a method to recreate the links , but the solution looks really hacky .
Most of the time , this is n’t an issue , but for people that do lots of branching on really large projects , Git may be a better choice .
One final possible advantage that Git has over Mercurial is the content tracking vs. file tracking .
I believe the promise of this is that you , the user , do n’t have to tell Git when you rename a file .
You just rename it , and Git will automatically track this .
However , I do n’t know if this is really true .
If it is , I do n’t know why git -mv exists .
Perhaps this just provides an extra hint to Git that a rename occurred .
I ca n’t say for sure .
Why Not Bazaar
As I mentioned in my previous article , the main strike against Bazaar is its smaller market share .
DVCSs are still currently fringe enough that I do n’t want to be using the fringe of the fringe .
Also , Bazaar ’s command line seemed a tad slower .
Wile certainly not a useful benchmark , running bzr status on an empty repository repeatedly took about 0.21 seconds on my MacBook Pro. Mercurial ’s hg status repeated took about 0.09 seconds .
While 0.21 seconds is not slow , per se , it ’s enough to explain why Mercurial has a snappier feel .
What Bazaar has to Offer
The ability to version and rename directories is something neither Git nor Mercurial have .
You can rename all files in a directories under both , but since directories are not versioned , it ’s a little differemt .
Mark Shuttleworth has a nice post about this :
The number one thing I want from a distributed version control system is robust renaming .
He definitely has a point , but I ’m not sure how big of a deal this is in practice .
I also like the ability to use a remote server using just SFTP and HTTP .
I do n’t think you even need to have Bazaar installed on the server to get remote repositories .
Git requires installation on the remote servers , and Mercurial needs to be installed , along with a custom CGI script .
Update : Mercurial does not need a CGI script .
You can use it over static HTTP with the static - http URL scheme , but that is described on the wiki as “ much slower , less reliable ” .
As they do n’t even tell you how to set it up , we may as well ignore it .
Also , Bazaar over HTTP is apparently quite slow .
There is a smart server , but that requires another daemon outside of Apache .
Also , a faster smart server is a major focus of future versions .
Bazaar has come a long way recently .
Just a year ago , it was really slow with an evolving repository format .
Now that it just hit 1.0 and these problems seem to be part of the past , we may be hearing a lot more of Bazaar in the future .
Again , I ’ll be keeping my eye on it .
More to Come
Evaluating these systems has been a bit of a diversion , but it ’s actually been quite fun to learn about distributed version control .
Now that I ’ve decided on Mercurial , I ’m sure you ’ll be seeing more posts on Mercurial and distributed version control systems .
In many parts of France , dog- power was vital to the early industrial revolution .
In the Ardennes , where nail - making was a major domestic industry , a passer - by who peered into one of the nail - makers ’ low stone cottages would see a small dog scampering inside a wheel to keep the bellows blowing .
In the Jura , villages without a water supply used wheel - spinning dogs to run machines .
The usual stint was two hours , after which the dog , slightly singed by flying sparks , went to wake its replacement and could then do as it liked .
The humans worked for up to fifteen hours a day and were often stunted , myopic and claw - fisted .
The dogs seemed to have been better adapted to the task .
Digg ’s Design Dilemma
This past week ’s Digg controversy is one in a growing number of incidents that suggest that a small group of users are having an undue influence on the promotion of stories .
In response , Digg is changing the way that it handles votes by adding complexity to its ranking algorithm .
I think that ’s the wrong approach , so here ’s another idea : change the actual design of the site … that ’s the real problem .
The most recent controversy happened on September 5th , when someone named jesusphreak posted Digg the Rigged ? , an in - depth article exposing some of the curious details of recently - popular stories on digg .
Many of the stories , jp pointed out , were dugg by members of the Digg Top 30 , or the 30 most popular digg members ( popular being measured by number of stories submitted that were promoted to the frontpage ) .
The Top 30 includes Digg founder Kevin Rose .
This was not the first time that someone has pointed out this phenomenon .
On April 18 of this year Macgyver at ForeverGeek posted Digg Army , which included screenshots of who dugg two recent articles on the site .
Each article had the exact same 16 people digging it in the exact same order .
Of the first 19 , 18 were the same .
Included in that list of people was , again , Kevin Rose . ( for an in - depth history see Tony Hung ’s excellent : A Brief History of the Digg Controversy )
These incidents , taken together , are more than coincidence …
This past week ’s Digg controversy is one in a growing number of incidents that suggest that a small group of users are having an undue influence on the promotion of stories .
In response , Digg is changing the way that it handles votes by adding complexity to its ranking algorithm .
I think that ’s the wrong approach , so here ’s another idea : change the actual design of the site … that ’s the real problem .
The most recent controversy happened on September 5th , when someone named jesusphreak posted Digg the Rigged ? , an in - depth article exposing some of the curious details of recently - popular stories on digg .
Many of the stories , jp pointed out , were dugg by members of the Digg Top 30 , or the 30 most popular digg members ( popular being measured by number of stories submitted that were promoted to the frontpage ) .
The Top 30 includes Digg founder Kevin Rose .
This was not the first time that someone has pointed out this phenomenon .
On April 18 of this year Macgyver at ForeverGeek posted Digg Army , which included screenshots of who dugg two recent articles on the site .
Each article had the exact same 16 people digging it in the exact same order .
Of the first 19 , 18 were the same .
Included in that list of people was , again , Kevin Rose . ( for an in - depth history see Tony Hung ’s excellent : A Brief History of the Digg Controversy )
These incidents , taken together , are more than coincidence .
They strongly suggest that Digg is being gamed by a small number of users , artificially inflating the value of stories that might not deserve such attention .
This flies in the face of the democratic ideal of the site .
And so far , nobody has claimed that the two articles I mentioned are false : Digg exposes most of the voting activity for all to see .
A small group of users is definitely having a large effect on popular stories .
But before we get outraged at the corruption of it all , we should give everyone involved the benefit of the doubt and consider how this might have happened without evil influences .
Do n’t blame the users
The users of Digg are n’t to blame .
They ’re simply playing by the rules as outlined by what they can and cannot do on the site .
They ’ve figured out how to play in the environment they find themselves in , and that ’s OK .
Jason Calacanis , creator of digg - clone Netscape.com , said in his post One User , One Vote : “ The top users earned their spot and they should be reward for their contributions – not penalized . ” .
I agree with that …it ’s not like there were any rules to follow .
Blame the design
Instead of blaming the users , blame the design of the site .
From the ranking system , to the friends feature , to the display of content , to the ease with which users vote , the design of Digg.com conspires to make it haven for gaming .
Not only is the pile - on digging activity possible on the site , it is actually enhanced and made easier by the very design of it !
Here are the features in question :
Rankings list
If you want people to compete , rank them .
This is a big part of the reason why there is gaming on Digg .
Getting a higher ranking becomes an incentive to game because if you do then others will notice and you ’ll get recognition .
( that ’s important to people , even in social software )
In addition , with the recent offer by afformentioned Calacanis to pay people for this type of work , high rankings may also be a source of income .
If you want people to compete , rank them .
This is a big part of the reason why there is gaming on Digg .
Getting a higher ranking becomes an incentive to game because if you do then others will notice and you ’ll get recognition .
( that ’s important to people , even in social software )
In addition , with the recent offer by afformentioned Calacanis to pay people for this type of work , high rankings may also be a source of income .
Friends feature
The Digg friends feature is the means by which the top users promote stories so quickly and with such synchronicity .
In particular , the friend ’s history page shows the stories that friends have dugg in reverse - chronological order , so that the newest diggs are at the top of the page .
By refreshing this page often , top Digg users ( who are all friends in the system ) can stay up - to - the - moment with each other .
During waking hours , a quick 30 diggs will draw further attention to any story , making a pile - on more likely .
The Digg friends feature is the means by which the top users promote stories so quickly and with such synchronicity .
In particular , the friend ’s history page shows the stories that friends have dugg in reverse - chronological order , so that the newest diggs are at the top of the page .
By refreshing this page often , top Digg users ( who are all friends in the system ) can stay up - to - the - moment with each other .
During waking hours , a quick 30 diggs will draw further attention to any story , making a pile - on more likely .
Exposing who diggs what
At the bottom of each dugg entry is a list of people who have dugg it , and serves as the evidence that the two articles above used to expose the issue going on at Digg .
This is a perfect example of what in psychology is called “ social proof ” .
Social proof is something that is “ proved by society ” .
In other words , the mere fact that others are doing makes it seem like it is what should be done .
We learn that way , by mimicking the actions of others .
So , when we see someone else digging something , we would be much more likely to digg it ourselves .
Or , to put it another way , we let others influence our decisions and help make them for us .
At the bottom of each dugg entry is a list of people who have dugg it , and serves as the evidence that the two articles above used to expose the issue going on at Digg .
This is a perfect example of what in psychology is called “ social proof ” .
Social proof is something that is “ proved by society ” .
In other words , the mere fact that others are doing makes it seem like it is what should be done .
We learn that way , by mimicking the actions of others .
So , when we see someone else digging something , we would be much more likely to digg it ourselves .
Or , to put it another way , we let others influence our decisions and help make them for us .
Stories at a distance
It is very possible to interact on Digg , digging stories and burying others , without actually reading a story .
That ’s because Digg only shows summaries of posts .
If you want to read a post , you actually have to click on them and go to the external site to do so .
Many people will make this extra effort .
But many people wo n’t .
In It ’s all a Farce Anyway Tara Hunt recounts an interesting ( and scary ) conversation with people who game digg .
They submit stories and ask their friends to digg them .
After a post reaches a certain digg count they say : “ people just hit digg if they are remotely interested in the topic . ” .
This , again , is the effect of social proof , exacerbated because the stories are at a distance and it is extra effort to read them .
It is very possible to interact on Digg , digging stories and burying others , without actually reading a story .
That ’s because Digg only shows summaries of posts .
If you want to read a post , you actually have to click on them and go to the external site to do so .
Many people will make this extra effort .
But many people wo n’t .
Ease of voting
While it takes extra effort to read posts , it takes almost no effort to digg them .
This might be backward … digg is essentially making it possible to vote without knowing what you ’re voting on .
Although the digg feature is amazing , an excellent example of technology that makes our lives easier , it is also in danger of trivializing them .
This reminds me of a story by Derek Powazek in his book Design for Community , where he makes the point that the harder it is for someone to comment on something , the better the comments are .
In other words , people who jump through hoops ( or pay attention long enough ) to comment are the ones who really care about the subject matter , they ’re invested in the story and see value in taking the time to respond .
Other factors
The Digg community is protective .
Stories that are about digg get a lot of positive attention there .
If you want to get noticed , for example , simply write a post entitled “ 10 Ways to Get Dugg ” .
That will get them interested .
However , it has also been noted that many Digg community members react strongly to anti-Digg content , often burying it when it reaches the front page of the site , effectively censoring it .
This has the unintended effect of making it seem like Digg the service is censoring all non-Digg content ( which is n’t necessarily false , either ) .
Also , people use Digg in many different contexts .
I ’ve dugg stories myself that I just want to read later …stories that I do n’t have time to read right now but that seem valuable to me and I want to be able to find them later .
It could be that others do this activity as well , causing votes where none should happen .
When you give people tools , they do n’t always use them as prescribed .
The result : no independence in voting
The result of all these factors is that Digg breaks the cardinal rule of voting : independence .
As outlined in James Surowiecki ’s book The Wisdom of Crowds , independence arises when a person makes a decision ( votes , diggs ) without the direct influence of others , on their own , by making up their own mind .
Of course , there will always be influences on that decision … what others have said , where their political party is leaning , their current situation , but in the end they need to have the privacy of their vote .
On Digg , no votes are private , and when you make them you ca n’t help but notice the way others are voting .
If we compare this to how people vote in Presidential elections , we see how different it is .
In those , we anonymously vote .
The anonymity of the vote is key …once we start exposing who voted on what we ’re gaming the system because we are inevitably influenced by others votes .
And the ranking of voters just solidifies this …imagine if we could see how others voted over time in Presidential elections …
Digg vs. Del.icio.us
The voting on Digg is in contrast to a site like Del.icio.us , where voting ( saving a bookmark ) is done more independently , often without having any idea whether or not someone else even viewed it , let alone voted on it .
Del.icio.us is n’t immune to gaming , however , as there is a popular list , and it ’s very easy to simply copy those bookmarks into your own , driving up the numbers just like on Digg .
So far , however , Del.icio.us seems to be more immune to the outcries of gaming .
This may result from a smaller user population , as it is nowhere near the size of Digg .
But I think it has more to do with the nature of the tool .
On Del.icio.us , the main value is personal , as people use it to store bookmarks that are valuable to them .
On Digg , the bookmarking utility is secondary to the voting , in both the interface and the wording used on the site .
Digg ’s response
Later this past week , Digg responded to the controversy by changing its algorithm :
“ This algorithm update will look at the unique digging diversity of the individuals digging the story .
Users that follow a gaming pattern will have less promotion weight .
This does n’t mean that the story wo n’t be promoted , it just means that a more diverse pool of individuals will be need to deem the story homepage - worthy . ”
I think this is the wrong approach .
By keeping the above features the same … Digg is asking for gaming .
As gaming occurs , they ’ll have to change their promotion algorithm .
Then more gaming will occur to override the new algorithm , which they ’ll then have to change .
In any social system gaming will occur , but I think Digg ’s problems are much more basic : their features simply beg to be gamed .
Better to focus on the independence of voting , not on the algorithm .
By making much of the ranking and voting hidden , the diversity of the site would increase .
It ’s exposing information that leads to sameness .
What would change mean ?
Even if Digg were to change , however , to alter some of the features above to make voting more independent , we still could n’t be sure that they would work .
People test the boundaries of all social tools , finding every which way to bend them to do something useful .
Sometimes it ’s fine , sometimes it really does hurt the quality of the site .
Digg could n’t just say “ let ’s move the digg voting widget somewhere else ” and be done with it .
That would introduce a new set of problems , based on the new context .
However , they did add a new feature lately whereby the Digg widget shows up right on the posts themselves .
That could potentially solve a lot of these problems , getting the voting mechanism much closer to the content people should be reading before voting on .
Though it is n’t clear whether or not this is part of the solution , it seems like a step in the right direction .
( I ’m trying it out below – you may not see it if you ’re in an aggregator that strips scripts )
An evening out with colleagues here follows a predictable , alcohol - centered pattern : dinner , usually some grilled pork , washed down with soju , Korea ’s national vodkalike drink ; then a second round at a beer hall ; then whiskey and singing at a “ norae bang , ” a Korean karaoke club .
Exhorted by their bosses to drink , the corporate warriors bond , literally , so that the sight of dark - suited men holding hands , leaning on one another , staggering toward taxis , is part of this city ’s nighttime streetscape .
The next morning , back at the office , they are ready to fight , with reaffirmed unity , for more markets at home and abroad .
Many professional women manage to avoid much of the drinking by adopting well - known strategies .
They slip away while their male colleagues indulge in a second or third round of drinking .
They pour the drinks into potted plants .
They rely on male colleagues , called “ knights in shining armor , ” to take their turns in drinking games .
Companies , too , have begun to respond .
Since 2005 , Posco , the steel manufacturer , has limited company outings to two hours at its mill in South Korea ’s southwest .
Employees can raise a red card if they do not want to drink or a yellow card if they want to go home early .
At Woori Bank , one of South Korea ’s largest , an alarm rings at 10 p.m. to encourage workers to stop drinking and go home using public transportation , which stops running before midnight .
“ My boss used to be all about , ‘ Let ’s drink till we die ! ’ ” said Wi Su-jung , a 31 - year - old woman employed at a small shipping company .
Ms .
Wi , who was out enjoying the sun in downtown Seoul , said the atmosphere began changing as more women joined her company in the past couple of years .
“ The women got together and complained about the drinking and the pressure to drink , ” she said .
“ So things changed last year .
Now we sometimes go to musicals or movies instead . ”
VANISHING BIRDS VANISHING BIRDS
There are 39 Hawaiian birds on the watch list , including the six below that may already be extinct : Bird Probable last sighting Kamao 1989 Olomao 1933 Ou 1989 Nukupuu 1996 Oahu Alauahio 1990 Poo-uli 2005 - 1 1 - last known bird died in captivity Source : American Bird Conservancy Digg
del.icio.us
Newsvine
Reddit
Facebook Almost all of Hawaii 's non-migratory native birds are on a new watch list of the USA 's most imperiled bird species .
The list , released Wednesday by the National Audubon Society and American Bird Conservancy , includes about one - quarter of the more than 700 species that breed in the USA .
The groups cited an array of human activities — habitat loss from urban sprawl and energy development , introduction and invasion of foreign animals and disease , and global warming — as key causes of declining numbers for 217 kinds of threatened and endangered birds .
Ninety - eight species are regarded at " imminent risk of extinction , " Audubon president John Flicker says .
" The clock is ticking .
Many will not survive unless we act to save them . "
The birds ' home territories range from tropical forests in Florida to eastern woodlands to the sagebrush deserts of the interior West .
The most alarming location , however , is Hawaii .
Thirty - nine of the 41 native species that live and breed only on the islands are on the list .
" Hawaii is way out there , so it 's out of sight and therefore out of mind in the continental U.S. , " says George Fenwick , head of the conservancy .
Fenwick 's group has petitioned the federal government to put two of those birds on the endangered species list , which would give them more protection .
Six others are seldom - seen and may already be gone , conservancy vice president Mike Parr says .
" They are so fascinating and so little - known , we do n't even know if some of them are extinct , and yet ( Hawaii ) is one of the United States , " Parr says .
" You expect that in the wilds of New Guinea or the Amazon Basin , but not in America . "
Those species may still live in remote parts of the islands .
Parr says digital recorders are being tested there to try to detect the birds ' songs .
He compares them to the ivory - billed woodpecker , a southern species long believed extinct until scientists spotted it in Arkansas in 2004 .
Co-author Greg Butcher of Audubon says the bird groups combined their efforts to create a standard list and to build better support and funding .
" People and birds share a need for clean water , for clean air and for a natural habitat , " Butcher says .
" As we see bird populations that are out of kilter , there 's a sense the entire environment is out of kilter . "
Share this story : Digg del.icio.us Newsvine Reddit Facebook Enlarge AP file photo
The last known bird of the Poo-uli species died in 2005 .
Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
WASHINGTON ( AEP ) – NASA announced today the discovery of oil on Mars .
Special geologic sensors on one of the two Mars rovers have confirmed the existence of well over 1000 billion barrels of high - quality light sweet crude in easily accessible locations under the Martian surface .
As a result of today ’s discovery , Congressional leaders confirmed today in a hastily - called news conference that they had lined up sufficient support from both sides of the aisle to eliminate all benefits payments to Social Security and Medicare recipients .
The FICA and Medicare payroll taxes will remain in place and the funds used instead for immediate Martian oil drilling projects and shipment of the crude to Earth .
The bill is expected to sail through Congress , and President Bush has already indicated he will sign it .
“ This will guarantee security for America and the world for thousands of years , ” said Bush .
“ Clearly , the need for this money to go toward an immediate program of Martian oil retrieval far outweighs any other uses it may have , ” said House Speaker Nancy Pelosi .
“ This is the most exciting development we could ever have imagined , ” said Democratic presidential candidate and front runner Hillary Clinton .
“ This will ensure not only the sovereignty and security of the U.S. for generations to come , but of the world as well . ”
“ God is clearly smiling on the United States , ” said Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama .
“ There ’s simply no way we can finance oil drilling on Mars , and Social Security too , ” said expected Republican presidential candidate Fred Thompson .
“ Eliminating those programs in favor of oil recovery is clearly in the best interests of the American people . ”
Several Congressional Democrats , speaking off the record , said however that the proposed legislation did not go far enough and that school lunches , tax breaks for the blind , and disability payments for quadriplegics should all be eliminated as well .
Some environmental groups have expressed concern over the effects of burning even more fossil fuel on the Earth ’s delicate environment .
There is not believed to be any truth to a report , unconfirmed at press time , that several leaders of the environmental movement in the U.S. had been arrested and sent to Guantánamo Bay .
Ben Heart , founder of the advocacy group Not Mars Too and suspected by the U.S. State Department of being a member of Al - Qaeda said that , “ I realize no one is living on Mars yet , but given what we ’ve already done to one planet , is it absolutely essential that we do it to another ? ”
“ Who cares ? ” said Clinton .
“ We ’re talking about oil here . ”
A retired military analyst says the discovery of Martian oil could finally give the U.S. the freedom to use appropriate force in Iraq .
“ We need to bomb the entire goddamn Middle East , ” says Col. Dick P. Blood ( Ret ) .
“ We do n’t need their oil anymore anyway . ”
Other voices in Washington were urging restraint .
“ Let ’s just bomb the parts of the Middle East with no oil , and distribute anthrax blankets to the rest of the dirty bastards , ” said a liberal peace activist .
There was , however , one sector of the economy in strong opposition to the soon - to - be - official Martian drilling project .
The Nuclear Energy Institute issued a press release saying in part that , “ The burning of oil is not only unclean , it is morally wrong . ”
They also say the U.S. should immediately convert all automobiles to run on Uranium .
The Martian oil reclamation project is going ahead though , and reportedly Halliburton has already been issued the first no -bid contract for extraction .
The company ’s stock shot up one million points on the rumor .
“ This is a momentous occasion , ” said Bush .
“ Now we not only own the world , but the universe too . ” NASA now hopes to find oil on Venus within the next few years , and missions to Mercury , Neptune , and Pluto are already being planned .
There ’s also talk of exploring the system around Alpha Centauri , the nearest star to our own Sun at a scant 4 light - years away .
“ No distance or expense is too great when oil is involved and cash - strapped taxpayers are footing the bill , ” said Pelosi .
" I love Red Cross , but I do n't trust them completely when they 're the ones shooting the video , " explained journalism professor and Society of Professional Journalists ( SPJ ) ethics committee member Jerry Dunklee .
Dunklee was speaking at SPJ 's recent convention , on a panel titled " Paid and Played : The Ethics of Using Video News Releases . "
His remarks focused on the ethical issues raised by VNRs .
Center for Media and Democracy ( CMD ) executive director John Stauber and Jim Bayse of the firm Wiley Rein , which represents the Radio - Television News Directors Association , were also on the panel .
Much of the VNR debate is currently focused on legal and policy issues : speculation over what the Federal Communications Commission really meant by fining Comcast for five undisclosed VNRs , and what the agency is likely to do next .
But it 's also important to address the ethical implications of VNRs .
Dunklee did so by relating sometimes abstract guidelines to real - world situations he faced as a reporter and news director in cable and broadcast television .
Dunklee opened by stressing that all promotional materials -- including VNRs , audio news releases and print press releases -- are biased .
" Press releases do n't dwell on controversies and never explain the other sides of an issue , " he stated .
" They are not interested in other points of view . "
Presenting promotional material as " news " has two effects : it undermines news quality , while enhancing the impact of the PR message .
" Ask any public relations professional and they will tell you they want their story in television , radio and print news ... because it is more credible .
Period .
If we [ journalists ] do a story about it , the public is much more likely to believe it . "
According to Dunklee , if VNRs are aired in newscasts without proper disclosure , " the average viewer does not have a way of understanding whether this is fake , phony , or real . "
News viewers , he said , " are sophisticated and unsophisticated at the same time .
They understand a lot about when they 're being manipulated .
But if you see a video news release -- a piece that looks like every other network or syndicated package -- on your local television station and it's introduced by your trusted local anchors , you 're going to believe that that information is from a legitimate -- read , ' independent ' -- news operation that 's done its fact checking and has balanced its piece . "
While much of his critique applies to all promotional materials , Dunklee singled out VNRs as presenting a unique threat to news integrity .
" VNRs permit the client to control content to a remarkable degree , " he warned .
" They 're pictures , they 're sound , they 're scripts .
And , perhaps most importantly , they deny access of legitimate reporters to the various kinds of news sites that are important for us to gain access to , in order to do our job properly . "
Dunklee elaborated on the importance of journalistic access , sharing an anecdote from his own TV reporting days .
A Connecticut plant owned by Upjohn Corporation was " alleged to be breaking the environmental laws and breaking OSHA [ job safety ] laws .
We had all sorts of leaks ... about OSHA violations and violations of pollution rules , putting effluent into the local river and groundwater .
We could not prove -- quote , close quote -- this story on site , because we could not gain access .
They did give us lovely press releases , telling us about how beautiful they were .
Those , of course , turned out to be lies . "
The SPJ ethics code directs reporters to " seek truth and report it , " Dunklee noted .
" The code says good journalists should distinguish news from advertising and shun hybrids between the two , that blur the lines between the two .
We should deny favored treatment to advertisers and special interests , and resist their pressure to influence news coverage . "
He paused and observed , " It 's pretty clear that VNRs violate all of those . "
In closing , Dunklee said that " the ethical vision " is that " all [ VNRs ] should be labeled . "
He added that " yes , you have a right to " use VNRs freely .
" But it should be labeled throughout the running of the piece , as to source and payment .
That is , who paid for the production of this video news release . "
Continuous , on - screen VNR labeling has also been advocated by CMD , Free Press , the Writers Guild of America , East , and even TV Guide , which in a 1992 editorial suggested that " when a TV news organization includes film or tape prepared by an outside source in a broadcast , the label ' VIDEO SUPPLIED BY [ COMPANY OR GROUP NAME ] ' should be visible for as long as the material is on screen . "
Fifteen years later , television news may finally start cleaning up its act .
Diane Farsetta is the Center for Media and Democracy 's senior researcher .
Iraqi officials indicated that they were weighing the earlier shootings involving Blackwater in their consideration of what the practical consequences of the Nisour Square shooting should be .
“ The American Blackwater company has made for the seventh time the same mistake against the Iraqis and in different places in Baghdad , ” according to a preliminary report from the Iraqi investigation obtained by The New York Times .
According to General Khalaf , the other events under investigation are a Feb. 4 shooting that killed an Iraqi journalist near the Foreign Ministry ; a Feb.
7 shooting in which three guards at the Iraqi state television station were killed ; a Feb. 14 episode in which Blackwater employees are accused of smashing windshields ; a shooting in May that killed one person near the Interior Ministry ; a Sept. 9 shooting that killed five people near a Baghdad city government building ; and a Sept. 12 shooting that wounded five people in eastern Baghdad .
No results of the American inquiry have been made public .
For that reason , American officials have privately cautioned against drawing early conclusions .
In addition , a United States Embassy official said Saturday that investigators did not want to present incorrect results that would have to be revised , and so would let the investigation take its course before commenting .
And the official said that cooperation between the two sides in the investigation was beginning and that information would begin flowing more freely .
But the official also said that embassy activities had been slowed because convoys protected by Blackwater guards had been temporarily stopped as a result of the shooting .
“ Our own movements , as you know , were severely restricted and remain restricted , ” the official said , speaking on condition of anonymity .
“ So ever since the incident took place , we have not been moving around Baghdad as we did before . ”
Although the official declined to comment directly on how those restrictions may have had an impact on the American investigation , United States military personnel , who can move with their own security details , have been seen interviewing Iraqis at the scene of the shooting in recent days .
If American civilian officials who are leading the investigation from the embassy are unable to move through the city , that restriction could clearly slow the work of gathering information from the scene and from witnesses .
John Edwards
The Two Americas Problem
" The idea of America — real , fundamental equality : equality of opportunity , equality of culture , equality of respect — matters more than ever . "
John Hope Franklin
The Cover -Up
" Perhaps the American idea was not so admirable . "
Frank Gehry
Building Dreams
" As I think of what 's gone on in the years I 've been on this planet , I wonder why great architecture is n't considered an important shaper of the American idea . "
Milton Glaser
The Rise and Fall of the American Idea
( A graphic )
Amy Gutmann
A Dual Mission
" Leaving the fate of our democracy in the hands of a diverse and constantly changing American citizenry that is guided by constitutional democratic principles is perhaps the most enduring American idea of all . "
Sam Harris
God-Drunk Society
" America is now a nation of 300 million souls , wielding more influence than any people in human history — and yet 240 million of these souls apparently believe that Jesus will return someday and orchestrate the end of the world with his magic powers . "
Ron Haviv
Darfuri Girls
( A photograph )
Arianna Huffington
Pursuit of Happiness
" The promise of unlimited opportunity has given way to rampant narcissism and misplaced perfectionism ( and the disappointed self - loathing that inevitably follows the search for a flawless self ) . "
T. D. Jakes
The World's Pulse
" The question is : Do we live to serve ourselves alone , or shall our lives bear witness to something larger ? "
Ed Kashi
Denied : The Crisis of America 's Uninsured
( A photograph )
Alex Katz
Vivien with Baseball Hat
( A painting )
George L. Kelling and James Q. Wilson
Decency
" In thinking about the American idea , we decided to revisit a concept we first took up in these pages 25 years ago . "
Ray Kurzweil
Frontiers
" The American idea is to push beyond frontiers , whether in geography ( Manifest Destiny ) , science ( splitting the atom , DNA ) , invention ( the telephone , the lightbulb , the airplane , the Internet ) , industry ( mass production ) , music ( jazz , rock and roll ) , or popular culture ( Hollywood ) . "
Tim LaHaye
Godless Society
" America 's uniqueness is based in the Christian consensus of the Founding Fathers , who penned documents guaranteeing religious and personal freedom for all . "
Stan Lee
America Is a Dream
( A cartoon )
Bernard Lewis
Second Acts
" I still remember my first two impressions of Americans , derived from my wartime comrades . "
Sally Mann
Untitled
( A photograph )
Harvey C. Mansfield
You Can Have it Too
" The future of the American idea is clouded by the fact that the proof of its success was never intended to be conclusive . "
Greil Marcus
Autocracy and Freedom
" This spring , in the San Francisco Chronicle Magazine , there was a full - page ad for sheets .
It showed a black woman and a white man rolling happily in their bed ... "
Judith Martin
Republic of Manners
" European etiquette was all very well for those snobs and sycophants in class - stratified societies , but it would not do for the proud citizens of an enlightened and free republic . "
Wyatt charges serious , but treason is n't in the mix
Jurors hearing the case against Oscar Wyatt , who goes on trial today , will face more than the challenge of determining the legendary oilman 's guilt or innocence .
They also must separate the charges on which Wyatt was indicted from the implied indictment of his patriotism .
Wyatt is accused of funneling money to Saddam Hussein 's regime under the United Nations ' Oil - for - Food program in Iraq , put in place after the Persian Gulf War .
Wyatt does n't deny that he did business with the Iraqis , but his lawyers contend it was done legally .
Wyatt is a divisive figure , revered by some , reviled by others .
A U.N. investigation led by former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker said Wyatt began doing business with Iraq in 1972 .
The mere fact that he admits doing business with Saddam is enough to make him a traitor in some people 's eyes .
That 's why it 's important to remember for what Wyatt is on trial .
The charges are wire fraud , conspiracy and violating U.S. sanctions .
Prosecutors fought to allow a jury to see handwritten notes from an Iraqi oil official who said Wyatt discussed possible dates of an attack and troop strength just weeks before the U.S. invasion in 2003 .
Wyatt 's attorneys contend he did n't say anything that was n't openly discussed on every cable news channel in the U.S. , and he probably did n't .
It 's unlikely Wyatt had access to classified information .
It does n't matter , anyway .
The jury is n't deciding whether Wyatt committed treason .
But by presenting the information , prosecutors can foster the idea in jurors ' minds that Wyatt was a traitor , and from there , work down to the lesser issue of a conspiracy to circumvent U.N. sanctions .
Bare - knuckles gambler
At the heart of the trial is Wyatt 's style of doing business , which harkens to a time when the oil patch was a scrappy place .
Wyatt 's legacy is that of a bare - knuckles gambler always willing to do a deal .
He never let the personal or political get in the way of business .
When a subsidiary of Coastal , the company he founded , plunged the cities of San Antonio and Austin into darkness after a natural gas shortage in 1972 , it was just business .
When he sued his brother - in - law in the 1980s over the collapse of the Sakowitz retail chain , it was , again , just business .
When Coastal was sold to El Paso Corp. in 2001 , that , too , was just business , as it was a few years later when he joined a proxy fight against El Paso 's management .
Wyatt was a longtime fixture at OPEC meetings , and his refineries had a taste for the sour crude like that produced by Iraq long before other U.S. rivals began switching from the sweeter West Texas Intermediate variety .
So when he dealt with unpopular regimes , such as Libya 's Moammar Gadhafi , back when he was our enemy , and Saddam , back when he was our friend , it , too , was just business — another deal from a guy who liked to do deals on the edge and could n't be bothered with political controversy .
' Profitability contest '
In a 2000 interview with Wyatt , Bloomberg News reported he offered Saddam a stake in Coastal 's international refining operations before the first Gulf War .
" My job is not to win a popularity contest ; my job is to win a profitability contest , " he said , according to the story .
So it 's not surprising that Wyatt , according to Volcker 's report , was among the first buyers Saddam picked when the U.N. allowed him to sell Iraqi oil to buy food for a nation cut off from the world by economic sanctions .
Public opinion matters now
In today 's oil patch , things are n't done Wyatt 's way anymore .
The business has become more , well , refined .
Executives worry about public opinion and are more likely to shy from controversy .
Consider how BP abandoned plans to increase pollution from its Whiting , Ind. , refinery — even though it had the permits to do so — after public outcry and a call for boycotts of its branded service stations in Chicago .
One wonders how Wyatt would have responded in such a situation .
But Wyatt 's well - known abrasiveness is n't on trial , and guilt by association is n't a federal crime .
The question for the jury pertains to the legality of the deals .
Did Wyatt pay illegal kickbacks to Saddam 's regime ?
No matter the answer , it is n't the same thing as treason .
Loren Steffy is the Chronicle 's business columnist .
His commentary appears Sundays , Wednesdays and Fridays .
Contact him at loren.steffy@chron.com .
His blog is at http://blogs.chron.com/lorensteffy/.
There was one major problem with the Santa Clara County crime lab report that implicated a San Jose man of sexual assault :
It was n’t true .
The document was a fake , created by a San Jose police detective .
The crime lab analyst who purportedly prepared the document does n’t exist .
The number used to identify it was false .
Even so , detective Matthew Christian testified as though the phony report were authentic .
The case unraveled when the defense attorney sought the résumé of the lab analyst , only to learn there was no such person .
Christian then remembered that he had concocted the report in an attempt to trick the defendant , Michael Kerkeles , 54 , into admitting that he had forced a developmentally disabled neighbor into sexual acts .
It was an acceptable tactic .
But Christian said that by the time he was called to testify , more than a year later , he had forgotten the ruse .
The case , which attracted no public attention when it was dismissed last December , has raised concerns both about how the charges were handled and about how police and prosecutors responded when the fabrication and false testimony was discovered .
San Jose police Capt .
Andy Galea said last week that after this incident , the department had banned detectives from using ruse crime lab reports when questioning suspects .
He declined to say what discipline , if any , Christian received .
Prosecutors said they had referred the case to an internal committee that reviews cases involving allegations of potential criminal conduct by police officers .
That committee , headed by Assistant District Attorney David Tomkins , concluded that the matter amounted to an honest mistake by the officer , Chief Assistant District Attorney Marc Buller said last week .
“ We all make mistakes , ” Buller said .
Buller also expressed confidence that the trial prosecutor , Deputy District Attorney Jaime Stringfield , had done nothing wrong in eliciting testimony about the phony report while a contradictory lab report sat in her file .
Before the ruse was discovered , Christian and Stringfield ignored several signs – beyond the fact that no one named Rebecca Roberts worked in the county lab – that could have warned them the report was a fake .
The phony report claimed the crime lab had found semen on a blanket in Kerkeles ’ garage – on the same day the blanket was seized .
The report also claimed the DNA had been matched to Kerkeles .
But obtaining DNA test results normally takes at least several days .
In addition , Stringfield had in her file an authentic report from crime lab examiner Nancy Marte that concluded semen could not be found on the blanket .
Outside experts expressed concerns about the conduct of law enforcement officials in the case .
“ On its face , it is reckless , ” said Laurie L. Levenson , a Loyola Law School professor who is an expert in prosecutorial ethics .
“ On its face , it is asking for trouble .
It questions the credibility of both the prosecutor and the police . ”
Stringfield said in an interview last week that she had paid scant attention to the real report , because it did not help her case .
During that interview , she blamed Kerkeles ’ defense attorney for not exposing the discrepancy between the two reports , both of which had been provided to the defense .
The fabricated report became key evidence against Kerkeles , because Stringfield failed at two different preliminary hearing dates to establish that the young woman at the center of the case was a competent witness – unable to convince the court that she knew the difference between a lie and the truth .
After the ruse was uncovered , the charges were dismissed with the agreement of the prosecutors .
Kerkeles , who has no record of sex abuse charges , insisted last week in an e-mail interview conducted through his civil attorney Tim McMahon that he is innocent and that the incident “ tore my life apart . ”
But Stringfield said in court documents that she still believes Kerkeles is guilty ; last month , she helped persuade Superior Court Judge Edward Lee to deny Kerkeles ’ request to be declared innocent .
Case ’s origin
Questioning tactic
slips into police file
The case dates to March 2005 , when the mother of a 22 - year - old mentally disabled woman saw her daughter running from the direction of Kerkeles ’ house down the street .
( The Mercury News is withholding the name of the woman , who has the mental capacity of a 7 - or 8 - year - old . )
Later , the woman said Kerkeles had “ touched her all over ” on a blanket inside his garage .
Kerkeles was charged in April , largely based on the word of the woman and her mother .
He was quickly released from custody on bail .
The accuser told widely contradictory stories to the officers and a nurse about whether she had been to Kerkeles ’ house , and whether he had sexually attacked her .
The woman told officers that a teen who previously lived nearby also had been raped at the house , an allegation the girl denied .
Kerkeles said he never touched the woman .
On May 4 , 2005 , police seized a blanket from Kerkeles ’ garage .
That day , Christian prepared a report that said testing proved that semen identified as Kerkeles ’ was found on the blanket .
Christian would later explain he prepared the report to use in interviewing Kerkeles – the law permits police to lie during questioning , as long as their techniques are not coercive .
Christian did not return calls from the Mercury News .
But Galea , the San Jose police captain , said fake reports , while legal , were rare .
In this case , Kerkeles asked for an attorney , so the interview with Christian never went forward .
The officer later said he put the report into a police file and forgot about it .
Galea said normal procedure would require an officer to write the word “ ruse ” on such a document after it was used in an interview .
By late July 2005 , both the fake report prepared by Christian and the authentic report prepared by Marte were in the hands of the prosecutor .
They also had been provided to the defense .
Defense attorney Kurt Seibert twice asked Stringfield for more information about the two reports in 2005 .
But Stringfield turned down the requests , saying one was too “ vague . ”
She said in an interview last week that because she considered the case to be based on the victim ’s testimony , she paid little attention to the reports .
She described first noticing the report of “ Rebecca Roberts ” as she and Seibert went through Christian ’s file in the courtroom as they awaited a hearing last year .
“ I went through the file and remember seeing that report and thinking , ‘ Holy moly , I actually do have physical evidence , ’ ” she said .
Though the crime lab is a division of the district attorney ’s office , Stringfield said , she did not know the names of the lab analysts and would not have known the name Rebecca Roberts was fictitious .
In the report Christian later would prepare on the matter , he said he did not recall when Stringfield found the fake report that it was phony .
Nor did he notice that the name Rebecca Roberts was one he had made up himself .
Case unravels
Résumé request ;
charges dropped
By the third preliminary hearing date , the accuser was still deemed not competent to testify .
Stringfield went forward , basing her case on the word of the woman ’s mother , along with testimony from nurses and police officers with whom the woman had spoken .
Christian testified that the accuser told him that Kerkeles had engaged in sexual relations with her on the blanket on his garage on several occasions .
As Stringfield questioned Christian later , after he had testified about the woman ’s statements , Stringfield changed course :
“ This blanket that you seized , did you submit it to the crime lab for analysis ? ” she asked .
“ Yes , ” Christian said .
“ Are you aware of any results ? ” she asked .
“ Yes .
There was semen found on the blanket , ” Christian said .
Superior Court Judge Gilbert T. Brown ordered Kerkeles to stand trial .
Stringfield listed Roberts , the fake analyst , among her trial witnesses .
Seibert filed more requests for information from Stringfield about the lab reports , and asked for Roberts ’ résumé .
Prosecutors forwarded the request to the crime lab .
It was returned with an arrow pointing to Roberts ’ name .
The note next to it reads “ not real . ”
Stringfield then contacted Christian , who told her he recalled creating the fake report .
The charges were dropped last December .
Contending he had been improperly prosecuted based on the false word of an unreliable witness , Kerkeles went back to court this year to seek a finding that he was innocent of the charges .
“ Christian ’s explanation for his perjury was and remains fantastical , ” the motion filed by Seibert states .
But Stringfield , in opposition , disagreed : “ I in no way believe defendant is factually innocent , ” she wrote .
Judge Lee denied the request .
This is the first image ever taken of Earth from the surface of a planet beyond the Moon .
It was taken by the Mars Exploration Rover Spirit one hour before sunrise on the 63rd martian day , or sol , of its mission .
The image is a mosaic of images taken by the rover 's navigation camera showing a broad view of the sky , and an image taken by the rover 's panoramic camera of Earth .
The contrast in the panoramic camera image was increased two times to make Earth easier to see .
The inset shows a combination of four panoramic camera images zoomed in on Earth .
The arrow points to Earth .
Earth was too faint to be detected in images taken with the panoramic camera 's color filters .
Flag :
Capital : Rome Official language : Italian Currency : Euro Many years people are attracted by Italian culture and romantics .
Only few other countries have such ancient monuments , art , architecture , music and literature traditions , landscape , dishes and wine .
Located in the heart of the Mediterranean , Italy is a country known for its historic contributions to art , music , and the culture of Europe .
Famous for the Renaissance Period , where great artists and architects such as Raphael and Brunelleschi thrived , you can visit those cities steeped in myths to see the works of the artists themselves .
One such city is the ancient Florence , home to many of Italy ’s most majestic cathedrals and art museum , including it ’s own gothic - style Cattedrale de Santa Maria del Fiore .
In fact , Florence was where the Rennaissance Period began , with the Medici family ’s rise to power in this very city and their patronage of geniuses such as Donatello , Leonardo da Vinci , as well as Michelangelo .
Apart from the paintings and sculptures that attract hundreds of thousands of tourists annually , even more are drawn to the luxurious beaches of sunny Tuscany .
Ranging from the infamous “ topless ” beaches of Santa Maria at Forte dei Marmi , to the Versilia seaside resorts under the shadow of the grand Apuan Alps , it ’s a definite gotta - go place on the sunbathers ’ lists .
And then of course , the food itself is a major attraction .
Italian cuisine is world renown for its fantastic tastes and spices .
And it ’s also renown for one international dish : pasta .
Here in Italy , you ’ll be able to taste and sample all types of pasta ; ranging from tomato pasta to potato gnocchi to even spinach pasta , there ’s one type for everyone .
And to go with your pasta , there ’s another flood of sauces which to douse your dish with , including the white and creamy Alfredo sauce , spicy Marinara sauce , and the mushroom - filled Boscaiola sauce .
Whether you come here for the food , sand , or just because you like to stare at paintings all day , you ’ll be in for the trip of a lifetime when you journey to Italy to get a taste of what it ’s like to live in the Mediterranean !
Italy is subdivided into 20 regions .
You can find about 2000 campsites in Italy in our Europe camping list .
By DAVID GARDNER
Last updated at 10:09 29 August 2007
George Bush warned last night that he is ready to take military action against Iran over its meddling in Iraq and its nuclear ambitions .
He spoke just hours after the nation 's hardline president threatened to fill a " power vacuum " in Iraq when US and British troops leave .
Mr Bush said he had authorised his commanders in Iraq " to confront Iran 's murderous activities there " .
And he claimed that its leader 's atomic ambitions are putting the Middle East " under the shadow of a nuclear holocaust " .
" We will confront the danger of Iran before it is too late , " he warned .
The U.S. president said Iran is endangering the entire world .
" Iran 's actions threaten the security of nations everywhere , and the United States is rallying friends and allies to isolate Iran 's regime to impose economic sanctions , " he added .
The war of words began earlier in the day , when Iran 's president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad announced that he is waiting to take the lead in Iraq .
" The political power of the occupiers of Iraq is being destroyed rapidly and very soon we will be witnessing a great power vacuum in the region , " he said in a live television broadcast .
" We , with the help of regional friends and the Iraqi nation , are ready to fill this void . "
In a speech clearly written to fuel anti-U.S. sentiments in the Middle East , he said the Americans are " trapped in the swamp of their own crimes and have no choice but to accept the failure and accept the independence and rights of the Iraqi nation " .
He added : " If you stay in Iraq for another 50 years nothing will improve - it will just worsen . "
He also insisted that his country 's sensitive nuclear work - which the West fears is aimed at making weapons - is continuing .
Mr Bush 's response was swift and sharp .
He attacked Iran for supplying arms to rebel militias in Iraq and said he has authorised U.S. military chiefs to crack down on any Iranian activities there .
He said Tehran cannot avoid some responsibility for attacks on British and American troops and Iraqi civilians .
And he warned of the dangers of its nuclear programme .
" Iran 's active pursuit of technology that could lead to nuclear weapons threatens to put a region already known for instability and violence under the shadow of a nuclear holocaust , " he said .
Tehran 's power games in the region seem to have made an impact in both Downing Street and Washington .
After appearing intent on withdrawing British forces from Basra , Gordon Brown is now resisting demands for a timetable .
He said this week he will not " cut and run " from the conflict .
Mr Bush continues to defy public opinion in the U.S. by pushing for more time for a troop surge in Iraq to work .
Yesterday 's speech was his second in a week aimed at building support for the war .
Both leaders have hinted they will make a decision on whether to bring soldiers home next month , after America 's top commander in Iraq , General David Petraeus , reports to Congress on the progress of the war .
But Mr Bush 's speech yesterday to army veterans at the American Legion convention in Reno , Nevada , reinforced analysts ' opinions that the general will back a decision to stay the course .
The president claimed there are " unmistakable signs " of success with the surge .
He said the extra 30,000 troops pumped into Iraq had Al Qaeda on the run and that sectarian violence in Baghdad had decreased in recent months .
He stressed that withdrawing the U.S. military would allow the Middle East to be taken over by extremist forces and threaten the security of America and its population .
" I want our fellow citizens to consider what would happen if these forces of radicalism and extremism were allowed to drive us out of the Middle East , " Mr Bush said .
" The region would be dramatically transformed in a way that could imperil the civilised world .
America will not abandon Iraq in its hour of need . "
Mr Bush portrayed the war as the quickest way to put the entire Middle East on a path to democracy , economic expansion and stability .
His words received a friendly response from the veterans group .
Meanwhile , the violence continued in Iraq .
Police ordered thousands of pilgrims to leave the holy city of Kerbala after a gun battle between officers and Shia rebels .
As many as 28 were killed and 144 wounded in the fighting around two of Shi'ite Islam 's holiest shrines .
America 's tough new stance against Iran was highlighted within hours of Mr Bush 's speech as US soldiers in Baghdad arrested members of an Iranian delegation .
Footage shown on TV showed the men , handcuffed and blindfolded , being led away from a hotel in the city .
US troops earlier surrounded the hotel , then searched the rooms and belongings of the Iranians before taking them away in four military Hummer vehicles .
Iran put out a statement saying the arrested men were an Iranian delegation from Tehran 's Energy Ministry on a visit to Iraq to sign an electricity supply contract .
The United States has been holding five Iranians since January .
Washington says the men are linked to Iran 's Revolutionary Guards and were providing support .
Dear Jeff
I was wondering why there is no outcry demanding to have this airplane come over here and deal with the California fires ?
Maybe if we make a stink , we can embarrass enough people and something will get done .
Forest Service Ignores Offers Of Russian Help With Fires By Sarah Foster c. World Net Daily and Pravda.ru August 28 , 2002
The given article is published within the framework of the agreement on cooperation between PRAVDA .
Ru and WorldNetDaily 11,000 - gallon tanker plane pours ' too much water , ' officials say The gargantuan Biscuit wildfire in Southern Oregon has now engulfed just under half - a- million acres since lightning ignited it and other western wildfires in mid-July .
The magnificent 180,000 - acre Kalmiopsis Wilderness within the Siskiyou National Forest resembles a moonscape .
The rare plants , the wildlife , the trees that made the Kalmiopsis a special place v are gone .
And the U. S. Forest Service says it cannot predict when the fires will be completely out v maybe in a month or two when the rains come .
" This should never have been allowed to happen , and it need not have happened , " says Tom Robinson , 55 , a fire administrator and instructor of fire prevention with the Virginia Offices of Fire Programs and Emergency Services in Richmond , Va. Since 1996 , Robinson has been waging a campaign to build public support for the deployment in this country of a Russian - made air tanker , the Ilyushin - 76TD v nicknamed the " Waterbomber " v a rugged , airborne behemoth that can haul 11,000 gallons of liquid to a fire , nearly four times the carrying capacity of the C - 130 Hercules , the largest tanker used by the Forest Service .
At the invitation of its officials and to facilitate the acceptance of the IL - 76 , Robinson serves as volunteer international liaison , an official representative of the Russian Federation and its Ministry of Emergency Situations v EMERCOM v the Russian counterpart of the Federal Emergency Management Agency .
EMERCOM is the agency that actually owns the Waterbombers .
Robinson sees the IL - 76 as a much - needed strategic weapon for the nation 's firefighting arsenal .
He is convinced that had it been called in when the Rodeo , Hayman and Biscuit fires began raging out of control , they would have been squelched before they became mega - blazes .
" Frankly , I 'm outraged , " says Robinson .
" This has been going on over six years .
The Forest Service has refused to allow this plane into this country for fire fighting .
It 's a modern aircraft , a four - engine jet .
It covers an area the size of 12 football fields with one 10 - second drop [ of liquid v water or retardant ] .
It puts a fireline down 300 feet wide and 3,900 feet long in 10 seconds .
It would have saved every community in Colorado and Arizona this year .
It would have saved those 300 homes in Los Alamos two years ago . "
Robinson said that two years ago during the Cerro Grande fire near Los Alamos , EMERCOM had two planes sitting on the runway in Moscow , fully crewed , each plane having three eight - man crews , ready to take off .
They had been requested by FEMA , but at the last minute , FEMA told them they were n't needed after all .
The Associated Press reported that then - District IX FEMA director Buddy Young went to the fire and publicly announced , " You will not bring the Russian planes in here :
We 're not having any Russians coming here and fighting our fires . "
But in fact , Robinson pointed out , this has nothing to do with the IL - 76 being Russian - made and owned .
The Canadians have their CL - 215 tankers and CL - 415 SuperScoopers .
They developed the CL - 215 v which Robinson considers superior to anything the United States has v in 1967 , and they 've been rebuffed by the Forest Service for 35 years .
" They have not been able to come in and compete for Forest Service contracts because they are not a private contractor association , " Robinson explains .
" They 're part of the Canadian government .
It 's a quasi- private , public - private partnership , but the Forest Service does not want its contractors to face outside competition . "
According to Robinson , the only place Canadian planes are used for firefighting is in Los Angeles County , which leases two of them every year and has for about 10 years , ever since the Malibu canyon fires .
" The county figures , ' We ca n't trust the Forest Service to be here . '
It was a mass debacle where they lost billions of dollars and all those multi-million - dollar Malibu homes .
One insurance company lost $ 100 million in two hours . "
Robinson admits to being a " crusader " and even a " zealot . "
" That 's because I 've flown on missions on this plane v I know how good it is , " he says .
" This plane is ten times bigger than the average tanker they 're using in Arizona and Colorado and Oregon , and because it 's so heavy it can fly in windy conditions where smaller planes would be grounded . "
Designed in the early 1970s for military transport , since the end of the Cold War the IL - 76 has been used extensively throughout the world by different countries as a cargo carrier .
In order to fly firefighting missions , it is retrofitted with two aluminum tubes , each one 90 - feet long , four - feet in diameter , and capable of holding 5,500 gallons of water v a total of 11,000 gallons .
Unlike American tankers that have a pressurized system to dispense the retardant , the Ilyushin has a simple , virtually " bug - free " gravity - flow system .
However , this system requires the aircraft to fly straight and horizontal .
" The plane will be flying , say , 150 feet above the ground , at 151 knots [ 173 mph ] , " Robinson explained .
" The water comes out at the same speed as the plane , as one big sheet of water .
But when it gets about a hundred feet above the ground , it slows and comes down as a drenching rain .
It 's a big blanket of water that comes down vertically in much larger drops [ than in the American pressure system ] .
It 's so effective the Russians do n't even use fire retardant in it . "
The Russian Federation has offered on several occasions to send the plane v or a pair of them v to the U. S. , where it could demonstrate its effectiveness on one of the larger wildfires .
They ask only for the cost of fuel and food and lodging for the crew .
But officials in the USFS have consistently said thanks , but no thanks .
Robinson hopes that this year v with more landscapes than ever blackened by fire v the Forest Service will break its long - standing opposition and agree at least to test the aircraft .
But he is not holding his breath .
The Forest Service is adept at deflating any interest a politician or member of the public might show in the Waterbomber , and officials of other agencies are likewise skeptical of its value in firefighting .
" We are not interested in buying or using the IL - 76 for several critical reasons , " Forest Service spokesman Joe Walsh told the Colorado Springs Gazette in June , at the height of the Hayman fire .
" The plane would not meet our firefighting needs . "
Walsh said the Forest Service has enough air tankers , " despite what commanders at many of the fires are saying .
We 're in good shape .
We 're not having any problems with our resources .
We do n't have any need for it . "
The plane is " too costly and lacks ability to make downhill drops , a necessary maneuver in fighting fires in the mountains .
It actually drops too much water . "
" It 's like wasting water , " Walsh said .
" Water is not a commodity we can just dump hundreds of thousands of gallons of and not worry about running out , especially in drought conditions . "
USFS aviation official Ed Stone shares Walsh 's views .
" We 've had contact with this aircraft since 1994 , " Stone told ABC News in August 2000 .
" In the fires of 1994 there was intense political pressure to use it and bring it in , when we were actually holding [ our own ] planes down .
We looked , and we did n't care for the product , " he said .
Dennis Lamun , head of Bureau of Land Management 's Fixed Wing Program at the National Interagency Fire Center in Boise , Idaho , is similarly critical .
" The only thing the IL - 76 has in its favor is that it 's big , " Lamun told WorldNetDaily .
" Not that it 's sophisticated or technologically advanced , it 's just that it 's big .
We build big airplanes in America , but we do n't go out and tank them because they do n't fight fire very well . "
" Bigger is n't necessarily better , " he added .
" The Forest Service has more 3,000 - gallon , Type 1 air tankers than BLM does , but our philosophy at BLM is that we'd rather have two airplanes carrying 2,500 gallons each , that can go in two different directions , than one airplane carrying 5,000 gallons , because if I want all 5,000 gallons in the same spot , I can get it .
" We have 54 600- , 700 - , and 800 - gallon airplanes , and we want more of them , and it is n't because we 're ignorant that we do n't trade all those smaller airplanes in for one big 10,000 gallon one .
It 's because we know what we want because we fight fire for a living . "
In addition to his work for BLM , Lamun heads the Interagency Airtanker Board that represents air tanker contractors and federal firefighting agencies .
It is responsible for setting criteria for air tankers and overseeing the certification process .
Robinson never expected such a degree of opposition when he became involved with those trying to bring the Ilyushin into this country .
" I thought it would be easy , " he said .
In 1996 he was invited to join Global Emergency Response v a Canadian - Russian - American joint venture , created to sponsor the IL - 76 in disaster mitigation around the world .
The idea of a company that would arrange the leasing and use of the aircraft was the brainchild of Tom Edmison , president of Total Corporate Aviation Services , a Calgary - based aviation resource company .
Formerly a chief pilot for Gulf Oil , Edmison had routinely flown a B - 727 back and forth between Calgary and Russia for oil crew changes .
On those runs he got to know the Russians and became familiar with the IL - 76 , " a marvelous , versatile workhorse . "
" When I started this I said to myself ' this is really something , ' " Edmison recalls .
" Here 's a chance to do something entrepreneurial v and it's got peace and the environment written on it .
It served everything :
It was good business , good for the environment , and it has a tremendous peace message . "
He was surprised when the Forest Service did n't see it that way and began placing roadblocks in the way .
Because of Robinson 's contacts in the fire prevention community , Edmison and EMERCOM officials approached him , figuring that an American would be able to overcome bureaucratic objections to the IL - 76 .
He agreed to serve as the fledgling group 's chief administrator .
He 's made some progress among politicians , the media and the public , but the door to the Forest Service remains closed .
Part of the problem may be that few Americans v including Forest Service personnel v have actually seen the IL - 76 in action .
That 's not the fault of the Russians or Global Emergency Response .
In particular , the Forest Service has shown a singular lack of interest .
It has not tested the plane , though in Sept. 1994 v upon an invitation from GER v it sent two specialists to a demonstration at an air show at Bascomb Downs , England , to look the plane over and observe it being put through its paces .
They were outnumbered by some 20 members of the media , including the BBC and Associated Press .
Aviation specialist Joe Madar was enthusiastic , reportedly cheering , " My , God , will that thing ever stop dropping water .
Perfect , perfect , " as the tanker poured out its cargo of water in two passes before the grandstand .
After the demonstration , Madar told a reporter he thought the aircraft could have been effective in the then - recent fires in California , Nevada and Colorado .
The enthusiasm is lacking in his later written report , though Mader noted that the plane could be useful as a " supplemental firefighting resource . "
' Miracle ' in Greece WorldNetDaily could find no one within the federal agencies who has actually seen the IL - 76 in action .
Apparently not one Forest Service or BLM ranger or fire fighter has decided to take a closer look .
Robinson has .
And it's that experience he says that changed him from being an enthusiastic supporter into a " zealot . "
It was in 1999 , and Greece was enduring its worst wildfires in over a century .
Infernos were raging in the mountainous terrain , and winds were so fierce the air tankers of the Greek Air Force were grounded .
As he tells it , " There were two 3,000 - foot - wide fires that were going unabated because of windy conditions through the mountains , burning all their monuments and forests .
CNN was there and said it was unstoppable .
But we filled up at the Greek Air Force base , then went to the first fire .
We flew by on an observation run , came back around , lined up on the fire , judged the wind direction , opened the doors on the tanks v and whoosh v 10 seconds later we looked back and that 3,000 feet of fire was gone , absolutely gone . "
That took care of the first fire .
The pilot returned to the base , the tanks were refilled , and they went to the second fire and put that one out just as quickly .
" These fires had burned for a week , with hundreds of firefighters and all kinds of equipment brought in from Germany and other countries , " said Robinson .
" The Greek media called it a miracle . "
Though it convinced Robinson and the Greek public , the Greek government decided against future use of the Waterbomber , preferring instead to invest in a fleet of planes at $ 25 million each .
Florida burned
In June 1998 , Flagler Country in northeast Florida was ablaze .
Fires were so bad the Daytona 500 had to be cancelled .
Half - a- million acres were eventually devastated and several hundred homes destroyed .
A standard criticism about the IL - 76 is that it wo n't work in mountain areas : Flagler County is pancake flat .
On June 22 , EMERCOM made an offer to then - Gov. Lawton Chiles to bring in the Waterbomber and a crew .
The plane would have been in Florida within 48 hours , Robinson said .
All the Russians asked was that the state cover the costs of fuel and maintenance for the aircraft and food and lodging for the crew .
A cap of $ 500,000 for 30 days was placed on the mission .
At first , everything seemed to be moving without a hitch .
The state of Florida said OK .
Both the Federal Aviation Agency and the State Department gave their approval .
The Florida Air National Guard was going to host the aircraft and its crew at Patrick Air Force Base .
Suddenly the governor decided against the offer , and the whole thing fell through .
At a press briefing Chiles tried to justify his decision .
" The Forest Service told me that the plane was so big and carries so much water it would destroy homes and kill the firefighters , " he said .
Do people really believe this ? , Robinson says he wondered in amazement .
Not everybody , surely .
Though the Forest Service would like to see it go away , the IL - 76 has picked up supporters , including members of the firefighting community .
James Harrison is a battalion chief with the Santa Barbara Co. Fire Dept. in southern California .
In his nearly 40 - year career as a firefighter he 's fought both structure fires and wildfires .
Harrison said he became aware of the IL - 76 a couple of years ago v he does not recall the exact date v when a group of Russians came to the United States at the invitation of the U. S. State Department for a week - long session of disaster - preparedness workshops between officials from EMERCOM and local American counterparts .
Harrison met the man who developed the IL - 76 , and became friends with the head of EMERCOM .
They showed him a four - minute video clip of the plane taking off and making water drops .
" All I can say is if the planes are half as good as what this man says they are , we should at least give them a chance , " says Harrison .
Harrison followed through by reading all the articles he could find about it , and so far has seen nothing that would make him change his mind .
Asked if he thought the amount of water discharged is not really a good thing , Harrison laughed .
" I think you need to be able to put it where you want , " he said , and added , " That 's why I 'd like to be able to test this aircraft .
I 'd like to see the thing at work , because they [ the Russians ] tell me they can put it wherever you want .
They tell me that they can put it in a line almost a mile long , and they tell me they can put it very wide for half a mile . "
Would he find that useful as a fire professional ?
" Absolutely , " he exclaimed , and added that he did n't think being able to haul and drop 11,000 gallons " could possibly be a drawback . "
" I know the Forest Service disagrees with me , and I disagree with them , " he said .
" Whichever .
But I do n't understand why there 's anything other than a political reason that I 'm not aware off v that we would n't at least bring that plane over here and try it . "
Sarah Foster WorldNetDaily © 1999 " Pravda . RU " .
When reproducing our materials in whole or in part , reference to Pravda .
RU should be made .
Comment From Starfleethighcom@aol.com 10-30 -3 Shalom ,
Let us swallow our pride , admit our mistakes , and start doing the right thing .
The only reason why it is not allowed to be used here is because of the NIH mentality of our fellow americans .
NIH stands for " not invented here " mentality .
Politicians are like that , they wanted something homemade that they can use as a vote getting and campaing fund getting project ( from contractors who 'll get the big bucks and expresses their thanks in the form of campaign fund contributions ) .
And the minute somthing went wrong , off they go to the " blame shifting and passing the buck " merry - go - round strategy inorder to avoid their responsibilities .
Shalom !
Comment From Lars Vonpacker 10 - 31 - 3
These CL - 215s seem to have been ignored , too .
From :
http://montreal.cbc.ca/regional/servlet/View?filename=qc_aidfire20032810
Quebec offers more aid to California MONTREAL - Quebec is offering increased aid to authorities battling severe wildfires across southern California , where flames stretch from the Mexican border to Los Angeles .
The province already has a contract to supply Los Angeles County with two water bombers each fall .
But the government said it is willing to send more planes if the state asks for help .
Gerard Lacasse , a spokesperson for SOPFEU , Quebec 's fire protection agency , said the province 's two water bombers have already been called into action .
He said that Quebec is willing to send up to three more planes if necessary .
" If we have a request for any resources we 're going to look at it , " said Lacasse .
" And if they need water bombers like we have here , it 's going to be possible because we have a lot of those machines right now available because the fire season is over here . "
The fires in California have already destroyed nearly 2,000 square kilometres of land and have made their way to the suburbs of San Diego and Los Angeles .
Lacasse said that Quebec is currently seeking contracts with other municipalities south of the border to maximize the use of the province 's planes .
Well , I mean , he did catch Osama bin Laden , so there ’s really no more threat .
Oh .
Never mind .
But at least Iraq is free .
Sort of .
Oh that ’s right , we spent all our money and all of our military resources on a war we did n’t need and now do n’t have anything left for the war we do need to fight .
This would be shocking if it were n’t typical .
Get ready for Bush and the GOP presidential candidates to blast the Dems sometime soon as being soft on terror .
In this feature , “ the guys in the Playstation R&D Lab demonstrate how easy it is to create a new version of the old shcool Atari 2600 game Combat . ”
Videos after the break .
Anton has been using PS Eye to let users add their own content into games .
So far , he�s focused on simple , familiar games ( like lunar lander and tank battle ) that he can code for PS3 in a day or so .
These games are pretty old school , but they become amazingly fun again when you get to add your own content .
And when the PS3 adds physics to your content , things become even more fun
Our apologies .
An error seems to have occurred .
We ’ve logged this error .
Contact us if this issue persists .
Winter 1994 ( 2.4 )
Pages 46 - 47 , 50 Interview with Lotfi Zadeh
Creator of Fuzzy Logic by Betty Blair
Lotfi Zadeh in his office at Berkeley .
September 1994 .
Short Biographical Sketch - Lotfi Zadeh
Lotfi Zadeh Reflects on his Youth
Commencement Speech - When You Can't Stop For Lunch - Berkeley , 1997
Fuzzy Logic on the Internet - Mark Hopkins , 1994
What is Fuzzy Logic ?
- 1994 Lotfi Zadeh was born in Baku , Soviet Azerbaijan , in 1921 ; today , his scientific concept , Fuzzy Logic , has strongly impacted computer technology , tomorrow it may be shaping the way we perceive the world .
Back in 1965 when you published your initial paper on Fuzzy Logic , how did you think it would be accepted ?
Well , I knew it was going to be important .
That much I knew .
In fact , I had thought about sealing it in a dated envelope with my predictions and then opening it 20 - 30 years later to see if my intuitions were right .
I realized this paper marked a new direction .
I used to think about it this way - that one day Fuzzy Logic would turn out to be one of the most important things to come out of our Electrical Engineering Computer Systems Division at Berkeley .
I never dreamed it would become a worldwide phenomenon .
My expectations were much more modest .
Lotfi Zadeh ( 2nd from right ) returned to visit Azerbaijan , his country of birth , in 1967 .
Here he is seen with officials at the Azerbaijan Oil Institute .
In 1993 , the Azerbaijan Academy of Oil honored Lotfi with an Honorary Professorship .
How did you think Fuzzy Logic would be used at first ?
In many , many fields .
I expected people in the social sciences - economics , psychology , philosophy , linguistics , politics , sociology , religion and numerous other areas to pick up on it .
It 's been somewhat of a mystery to me why even to this day , so few social scientists have discovered how useful it could be .
Instead , Fuzzy Logic was first embraced by engineers and used in industrial process controls and in " smart " consumer products such as hand - held camcorders that cancel out jittering and microwaves that cook your food perfectly at the touch of a single button .
I did n't expect it to play out this way back in 1965 .
How did you come up with the term , " Fuzzy Logic " ?
I coined the word " fuzzy " because I felt it most accurately described what was going on in the theory .
I could have chosen another term that would have been more " respectable " with less pejorative connotations .
I had thought about " soft " , but that really did n't describe accurately what I had in mind .
Nor did " unsharp " , " blurred " , or " elastic " .
In the end , I could n't think of anything more accurate so I settled on " fuzzy " .
Would you say that Fuzzy Logic turns Aristotelian or Classical Logic on its head ?
( Laughs ) .
Back in Aristotle 's day , people tried to be as precise as possible .
That 's the Aristotelian tradition , the Cartesian tradition .
Looking at things as being entirely black or white stems from such a tradition .
But take the example of good and bad .
What we 're beginning to understand now is that sometimes things that we perceive as bad really turn out to be good , or perhaps , not as bad as we originally thought .
Things can serve a purpose .
People back in Aristotle 's time and even later thought that by perceiving things in black and white ( in absolute terms ) that they gained alot .
And they did .
But they lost a great deal in the process .
Fuzzy Logic represents a swing in the opposite direction but I would like to stress that there is much more to Fuzzy Logic than multi-valuedness of truth .
Classical logic has erred in devoting so little attention to approximate reasoning and focusing to such a high degree on exact reasoning .
So when you take a course in logic , you learn all kinds of things which are of very little use in everyday life .
We encounter approximate reasoning all the time .
For example , " Where can I park my car ? "
Where should I have lunch ?
Should I place this call " person - to person " or " station to station " ?
Should I buy this house ?
How do I get from this side of town to the other when I 'm in a hurry ?
Classical logic , operation research , decision analysis - many other disciplines have nothing to say about this topic .
How could they ignore it ?
When the only tool you have is a hammer , everything begins to look like a nail .
Classical logic simply does n't provide the means to solve the problems .
They concerned themselves with models of precise knowledge .
But such models are so far removed from the real world that they do n't do you any good .
There 's a field called " Game Theory . "
Hundreds of books and thousands and thousands of articles have been written about it since the late 40s .
Now you might think that by reading those books and articles and by taking courses , you would be in a better position to play games of various kinds .
But the truth is , it does n't do you a bit of good .
Not one iota .
Game
Theory is concerned with models that are not tied to real games and only tenuously tied to real world conflicts .
Why are you so " down to earth " in your own approach to solving problems ?
I 'm that kind of person .
I 've been conscious for a very long time that the real world is very complex .
There 's always a tendency to oversimplify .
That was the case in physics .
In my youth , we had very simple models .
About electrons in orbit .
About protons .
Models of the solar system .
Of course , today we realize that these were ridiculous .
The physics of these phenomena are infinitely more complex .
Today we do the same with neuro - systems .
We think that there is a close similarity between those systems and what goes on in our heads .
But that 's not the case .
There 's a big gap .
There are big gaps in many fields .
Why is Fuzzy Logic described as " cheaper " and " easier " than traditional methods of computing ?
Fuzzy Logic is " coarse " .
The important thing about Fuzzy Logic is that it 's done in a " coarse " way - not refined .
Anything that is coarse - grained is simpler and cheaper .
If , for example , you want to park a car and somebody said , you had to do it within ±1/10 of an inch of some particular point , you 'd be in trouble .
The reason why people can do things like park a car is that they do n't have to be very specific to succeed .
Many people do n't realize that this is one of the very important features of Fuzzy Logic .
You use what I call " granulation " which means you lump things together .
It makes things easier , cheaper and faster .
If you had a bunch of screws and nuts and you picked up one screw at a time and took it some place and then came back for another , it would take a long time .
Dump them together in a bag and it 's faster .
That 's what you do with Fuzzy Logic .
Everybody is talking about the Japanese being so advanced in Fuzzy Logic .
Is that true ?
It 's true .
The Japanese are very consumer oriented .
They are incorporating Fuzzy Logic into many of their products , especially appliances and electronic equipment .
But I just returned from Germany a few days ago ( October 21st ) and was very impressed by what is happening there .
There are many , many people working on Fuzzy Logic both in industry and the universities .
There are many good papers and books .
I would say that next to Japan , Germany is the country with the highest level of activity .
And where would you place the United States ?
Third .
Russia used to be high up there and there used to be quite a few scientists interested in Fuzzy Logic and a number in Azerbaijan .
But with the breakup of the Soviet Union , there 's no money for these things now .
China is very active , too , is n't it ?
The Chinese Government used to be very supportive of Fuzzy Logic .
Scholars there have written quite a few papers related to traditional Chinese medicine , mathematics and engineering .
You often hear a figure of 10,000 Chinese scientists involved with Fuzzy Logic .
That figure refers to the activity before the events of Tiennenman Square .
The government used to support Fuzzy Logic in a big way back then , but now some of the most active people have left for Singapore and Hong Kong .
They 've scattered .
I guess the Chinese government did n't like that so many of the leaders of that movement turned out to be Pro-Western and as some sort of punishment , they 've decreased the funding for Fuzzy Logic , not to zero but much lower than it was before .
I have n't been to China to see what 's happening since 1985 .
My understanding is that support is beginning to pick up again and is likely to grow substantially .
There seems to be a close correlation between Fuzzy Logic and Linguistics .
So much of what is inherent in Fuzzy Logic relates to the way people think and talk - in other words , their use of natural language .
What influence did your early exposure to so many different languages play in shaping these attitudes ?
( Before Zadeh was twelve , he was having to deal with four different languages - Russian , Azerbaijani , Persian , and English - and three separate scripts - Cyrillic , Arabic , and Latin ) .
You 're right .
The Fuzzy Logic model relates closely to linguistics .
But I 'm not sure learning these languages had a big influence on my thinking .
If it did , then only subconsciously .
But I do remember one thing that made a very deep impression on me in my youth .
That was how different people could wholeheartedly embrace systems - whether political , religious , social , whatever - that were diametrically opposite .
After leaving Azerbaijan as a child , I attended Alborz College , a Presbyterian missionary school in Tehran .
Every morning , we had to go to chapel - that was a drastic change from what I had experienced at the Soviet atheistic schools .
But from this experience , I grew to be tolerant of many different points of view - Soviet atheism , Protestantism , and Muslim fundamentalism .
At the same time , I 'd have to admit that I did gain something from early exposure to all these cultures .
It 's clear now as I look back .
For example , the Soviets placed science and technology on a very high pedestal .
They also instilled the belief that you owed something to society .
That you should n't be self - centered , egoistic , seeking only your own pleasure .
That you should focus on what contribution you could make to others .
In Iran , I was deeply influenced by the decency of these American missionaries who ran the school which I attended .
It 's the sort of decency that one finds in the US if you go to the Midwest or rural areas - away from the big cities .
To me , these people were role models - so willing to help others who were not of the same ethnic origin .
They were n't nationalistic .
They had a mission and they stuck to it .
That influenced me deeply .
Then while studying at the University of Tehran , the intellectual climate at that time was deeply influenced by the French culture as most of the professors had been educated in France along the lines of Cartesian tradition .
That means they were very precise .
So even though you might be thinking about very imprecise things , you had to think about them very precisely .
Fuzzy Logic is like that .
It 's really an exact way of thinking about very ambiguous and obscure things .
( Zadeh pulls an issue of the International Journal of Fuzzy Sets and Systems from his shelves and thumbs through the pages . )
You see , pages and pages of very precise mathematical formulas .
Fuzzy Logic is not abstract thinking .
In reality , it 's very concrete .
It 's built on very precise formulas .
Also from Iran , I learned a certain kind of warmth .
People are warm in that part of the world .
There 's a great depth to their friendships .
People tended to be polite .
Looking back , I feel it was a very positive experience for me to have grown up in Iran .
There 's a great respect for knowledge there .
Even if an individual did n't have anything by way of material goods , he was highly respected if he were knowledgeable .
And what about the influence from Azerbaijanis ?
Obstinacy and tenacity .
Not being afraid to get embroiled in controversy .
That 's very much a Turkish tradition .
That 's part of my character , too .
I can be very stubborn .
That 's probably been beneficial for the development of Fuzzy Logic .
And Russia ?
Your mother was Russian , was n't she ?
From the Russians I gained a great respect for knowledge - a broad based knowledge .
I read so many books as a child - Dostoyevsky , Chekhov , Tolstoy .
Those books put goodness on a pedestal .
The heroes of those books were always fighting evil .
You 'll find the pursuit of goodness on all their pages , except for Dostoyevsky .
I had a library of , maybe , 3,000 books since my father had been a journalist .
I read Shakespeare in Russian .
There was such a respect for knowledge in my youth .
There was another factor that deeply influenced my early life , too .
I grew up as an only child .
I remember I used to have a sign over my desk that read , " Alone " ( in Russian ) .
I was alone much of the time and that enabled me never to feel pressure to be like others or do what others did .
I never felt I had to go along with the crowd .
I 've always felt separated enough so I could go my individual way .
It 's always been that way .
You must be quite pleased to see how the field of Fuzzy Logic has expanded so much in these past 25 years , especially since the late 1980s .
I do n't feel any different now than I did 15 - 20 years ago .
Somedays , I 'm pleased with the progress ; sometimes not .
C'est la vie !
But basically , I do n't have an egocentric view of myself .
I never felt that I was an important person .
I feel ordinary like anybody else .
I have no feeling of importance .
No such feeling whatsoever .
I do n't attach very much importance to who I am .
Looking back on the development of Fuzzy Logic and its application , what would you have done differently to promote your ideas ?
I 've made no effort to go after scientists or companies to show them how my theories could be applicable to their work .
I do n't promote this thing .
If people want to do something , that 's fine .
If they do n't , that 's fine , too .
What kinds of applications have you been excited to see develop ?
I can't say that anything has been " exciting " .
Rather , I would choose the word " interesting " .
Not too long ago , the Chinese University of Hong Kong conducted a survey to determine which consumer products were using Fuzzy Logic .
The result was a thick report , some 150 - 200 pages long - washing machines , camcorders , microwave ovens , etc .
What interested me was n't the particular applications so much as the breadth of applications - so many products were incorporating Fuzzy Logic .
What would be the ultimate application of Fuzzy Logic ?
I can't say that I have much time to think much about such things because I have to focus on more immediate deadlines - like this speech I 'm giving in New York to a Semantics group on November 4th ( one week from now ) .
I tend to think about things closer to the present .
I have to do quite a bit of thinking about those things ; if I did n't , I 'd soon sound like a broken record and they would n't invite me to these conferences .
I always feel like I have to say something different than what I 've said before .
What 's the future for Fuzzy Logic ?
In general , I think the future will involve fuzzy logic , neural networks and genetic algorithms .
I lump all these under the rubric of " soft computing " .
I 'd encourage people who have the inclination and ability to become competent in all three of these areas .
Eventually , I believe that Fuzzy Logic will have a wide - ranging impact once it is understood how widely the theory can be applied .
Of course , this is just my opinion ; only time will tell .
From Azerbaijan International ( 2.4 ) Winter 1994 .
© Azerbaijan International 1994 .
All rights reserved .
Back to Index AI 2.4 ( Winter 1994 )
AI Home Page | Magazine Choice | Topics | Store | Contact us
See that Wii or Xbox sitting under your TV ?
The PSP or DS tucked away in your messenger bag ?
That copy of Pac - man on your cellphone which cost five bucks and expires next month ?
Each of them owe a debt of gratitude to the granddaddy of all videogame consoles , the Atari 2600 , which ushered in an era of unprecedented television usage , and which turns 30 years old this month .
That 's right , the first 2600 units rolled off the assembly line in October of 1977 , delighting both children and kids at heart with games like Pitfall and Pole Position , and helping distract the nation after the untimely death of the King , the tragic crash of Lynyrd Skynyrd 's plane , and Pele 's retirement .
So here 's to you , dear 2600 : Atari may only be a shadow of its former self today , but you 've lived on in our fond memories , in retro Flashback products , and last but not least , in tricked - out mods from the great Ben Heckendorn
Published online 17 December 2007 | Nature 450 , 138- ( 2007 ) | doi:10.1038/4501138b
News
Tiny rug gets off to a flying start .
State Art Museum , Nizhny Novgorod , Russia / Bridgeman Art Library
Perfectly timed for pantomime season , a team of scientists has come up with instructions for how to make a flying carpet .
The magical device may owe more to Walt Disney than to The Arabian Nights , but it is not pure fantasy , according to Lakshminarayanan Mahadevan of Harvard University in Cambridge , Massachusetts , and his co-workers .
The researchers have studied1 the aerodynamics of a flexible , rippling sheet moving through a fluid , and find that it should be possible to make one that will stay aloft in air .
No such carpet is going to ferry people around , though .
The researchers say that to stay afloat in air , a sheet measuring about 10 centimetres long and 0.1 millimetres thick would need to vibrate at about 10 hertz with an amplitude of about 0.25 millimetres .
Making a heavier carpet ' fly ' is not forbidden by the laws of physics .
But the researchers say that their " computations and scaling laws suggest it will remain in the magical , mystical and virtual realm " , as the engine driving the necessary vibrations would need to be so powerful .
The key to a magic carpet is to create uplift by making ripples that push against fluids such as air or water .
If it is close to a horizontal surface , like a piece of foil settling down onto the floor , such rippling movements create a high pressure in the gap between the sheet and the floor .
" As waves propagate along a flexible foil , they generate a fluid flow that leads to a pressure that lifts the foil , roughly balancing its weight , " Mahadevan explains .
But as well as lifting it , the ripples can drive the foil forward — a trait required by any respectable magic carpet .
" If the waves propagate from one edge , " says Mahadevan , " this causes the foil to tilt ever so slightly and then move in one direction towards the edge that is slightly higher .
Fluid is then squeezed from this end to the other , causing the sheet to progress like a submarine ray . "
Speed bumps
To travel at speed , the carpet would have to undulate in big ripples , comparable to the size of the carpet .
This would make the ride very bumpy .
" If you want a smooth ride , you can generate a lot of small ripples , " says Mahadevan .
" But you 'll be slower . "
" It 's cute , it 's charming , " says physicist Tom Witten at the University of Chicago in Illinois , who is intrigued that the researchers thought to study such an unusual engineering feat .
ADVERTISEMENT
So could tiny flying carpets really be made ?
Spontaneous undulating motions have been demonstrated in ' smart ' polymers suspended in fluids — the polymers can be made to swell or shrink in response to external signals .
In September , another team at Harvard University described flexible polymer sheets coated with cultured rat muscle cells that flex in response to electrical signals and are able to swim2 .
" In air , it should be possible to make moving sheets — a kind of micro hovercraft — with very light materials , or with very powerful engines , " Mahadevan says .
A US district judge has penned the latest chapter in eBay 's long - standing patent infringement battle with MercExchange LLC .
Since 2003 , eBay has been fighting a jury 's decision that its Buy It Now feature infringes on two patents held by MercExchange , originally an auction site itself over a decade ago .
eBay fought off an injunction earlier this year , but the judge 's ruling today orders eBay to pay $ 30 million to MercExchange , LLC .
This patent dispute hails all the way back to 2001 when licensing talks broke down between eBay and Tom Woolston , founder of MercExchange .
Woolston promptly filed suit against eBay , fighting for an injunction to stop the service from using the feature .
A US District Court sided with MercExchange in 2003 , but eBay 's appeals eventually escalated the case up to the Supreme Court , where the focus shifted and subsequently garnered the attention of IP lawyers in everything from the software industry to the pharmaceutical business .
At issue before the Supreme Court was whether patent infringement should necessitate injunctions to stop companies from distributing their products .
This meant much higher stakes were on the table .
Todd Dickinson , GE 's vice president of intellectual property , even called it " the most important commercial law case before the Supreme Court so far this century . "
The Supreme Court sided with eBay in 2006 , ruling that patent infringement does not automatically warrant a permanent injunction .
In July of this year , Judge Jerome B. Friedman noted the fact that MercExchange has n't been operating as an auction site for quite some time , along with the company 's obvious attempts to use its patents as a revenue - generating crutch .
With that in mind , Friedman dismissed the possibility of an injunction , ruling that eBay could continue using its Buy It Now feature .
The greater industry win from eBay 's battle with MercExchange has been the establishment of injunction boundaries in patent suits .
However , the fact that the battle took so long and that eBay still owes $ 30 million is an ugly reminder of the state of software patents .
Naturally , eBay plans to appeal the ruling .
Recently , I ’ve been spending a lot of time analyzing the speed of pure JavaScript engines , looking at how well they perform and what their particular strengths and weaknesses are .
To start with , I analyzed the bleeding - edge code from :
Right now I ’m only looking at pure , JavaScript - only , tests ( no tests of DOM or other APIs ) and am NOT looking at the speed of the browsers ’ native JavaScript engine implementations .
( So , even though you may see a speed for a particular engine , that does not directly correlate to the speed of the JavaScript running within the browser itself .
There ’s always a significant amount of overhead required to run JavaScript code seurely within a browser , thus the efficiency of that security layer will frequently become a deciding factor in the results .
The four engines that I picked all had complete JavaScript implementations and usable JavaScript shells ( that way I could feed my tests in and have them cleanly run ) .
To browse the results I ’ve pulled together a simple application that can be used to view a representation of the data from all the major JavaScript engines paired with the code from the tests which run them .
Right now the browser works fine in Firefox , is quirky in Opera and Safari , and explodes in IE ( it requires canvas support ) .
I ’ll finesse it into shape when I have a little more time this week .
Note :
This demo uses a bunch of functionality from the new jQuery UI library , including themes , tabs , accordion , and resizables .
The Parents Television Council ( PTC ) is a U.S. - based non-profit that opposes the broadcasting of " sex , violence and profanity on television and in other media " . [ 1 ]
History
The PTC was founded in 1995 as a project of the conservative media watchdog group , the Media Research Center .
In August 2000 the PTC was incorporated and the following year the two split to become two separate legal entities .
In 2001 the PTC established its headquarters in Los Angeles .
Brent Bozell , who founded the MRC , was president of both organisations .
In January 2007 he resigned as President of the PTC but remains a member of the board of directors . [ 1 ]
Indecency Complaints
Mediaweek reported in December of 2004 that 99.8 % of 240,000 complaints made to the FCC complaining about indecency in 2003 originated from members of the Parents Television Council .
PTC members are primarily responsible for the over 1,500 percent increase in complaints since 2002 ( ~14,000 complaints ) and the increase of over 65,000 percent since 2001 ( ~350 complaints ) . [ 2 ]
PTC Settles Case With the Wrestlers
In November of 2000 , Media Research Center and Parents Television Council were sued by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) after using unauthorized footage of WWE in a fundraising video and falsely claiming that WWE was incidental in the murders of four children . [ 3 ]
Additionally , PTC / MRC falsely claimed that various advertisers had pulled their sponsorship from the show .
A federal judge reviewing the suit found that the advertisers in question had never sponsored WWE .
The WWE alleged 13 instances of defamation , copyright infringement and interference with prospective business relations and sought $ 55 million in damages .
PTC / MRC moved to dismiss in June 2001 , but the motion was rejected .
In July of 2002 , PTC settled with the WWE out of court for a sum of $ 3.5 million . [ 4 ]
President Brent Bozell wrote in a lengthy public statement that " It was wrong to have stated or implied that the WWE or any of its programs caused these tragic deaths . " [ 5 ]
The apology was posted on the PTC website for a period of six months as part of the settlement agreement .
PTC Personnel
Board of Directors
Key Staff
Tim Winter , PTC President
Melissa Caldwell , Senior Director of Programs
Dan Isett , Director of Corporate and Government Affairs
Gavin McKiernan , National Grassroots Director
Funding
In 2005 the PTC , according to its unaudited financial report , had total revenue of just over $ 4.5 million . [ 6 ]
( Pdf file ) .
The foundations that fund the PTC , based on the list in the group 's 2005 annual report , are :
707 Wilshire Boulevard # 2075
Los Angeles , CA 90017
Phone : 213.629.9255
Toll - Free : 800.882.6868
Fax :213.629.9254
Web : http://www.parentstv.org
Articles and Resources
Sources
Related SourceWatch Articles
Why shop with us ?
We are a small family business that has been trading for over 15 years and have helped more than 400,000 customers create the bathroom of their dreams .
Our Google and Trustpilot reviews speak for themselves , making us one of the best companies in our industry .
We ’re a UK bathroom supply company based in Durham and take pride in being British .
We support British innovation and manufacturing as much as possible , and want to encourage clients to buy from the UK rather than abroad .
We strive to get your order to you as soon as possible and also offer a click and collect service from our Durham premises .
Your Dream Bathroom
We stock thousands of products from respected brands at a permanently discounted price .
Whether you ’re looking for a new full bathroom suite , fitting a heated towel rail , or just browsing for stylish accessories such as a led mirror , Bella Bathrooms is the one - stop destination for online bathrooms .
We are trusted in the bathrooms industry for our honest advice , expertise and friendly approach .
We pride ourselves on our customer service , and our helpful team are available to answer any of your queries over the telephone or via the website .
Our handy online chat service is ideal for quick questions , or you can even request a call back from a member of our experienced customer services team .
Placing an order for a bathroom online could n’t be easier – simply locate your item and purchase by following the instructions .
Our website is fully protected , so you can rest assured your personal details are 100 % secure .
Feel free to check out our countless positive reviews from satisfied customers , or contact us for more information about the company or the products we sell .
We ’ve helped over 350,000 customers create the ultimate bathroom of their dreams – we can do the same for you !
Luxury Bathrooms
If you ’re looking for best possible price on a luxury bathroom suite then you ’re in the right place for buying your bathroom .
For over a decade Bella Bathrooms has supplied high quality bathroom fittings , fixtures and furniture to individual and commercial clients .
Not only do we stock the world ’s most coveted bathroom brands , we also sell everything you need for behind the scenes in your dream bathroom – plumbing essentials , electrical supplies and an array of contemporary heating options .
A stylish , contemporary bathroom is now at the top of the priority list for many Brits and that is what on offer with our bathrooms .
Shower enclosures and wet rooms are becoming a popular feature , as are elegant freestanding baths .
Many people think they ca n’t afford this luxury – but with Bella Bathrooms you may be pleasantly surprised at our fantastic range of online bathrooms .
We offer an array of suite package deals , including cloakroom suites ideal for small en-suites and toilet and basin packages .
Choose from traditional ranges and minimalistic , ultra -stylish suites as we cater to all tastes when it comes to luxury bathrooms .
You can also shop for contemporary bathroom furniture sets on the site , to finish your bathroom off beautifully .
When it comes to manufacturers , we only choose the very best to ensure our bathrooms high standards are retained .
Brands we stock include : April Products , Aquadart , Arley , Burlington Bathrooms , Cassellie , Cavalier , Cistermiser , Croydex , Elation , Forum Lighting Solutions , Frontline Bathrooms , Grundfos , HIB , Homelux , Hudson Reed , Kartell , Kinedo , Lakes Bathrooms , McAlpine Plumbing , Merlyn Showers , Moods Bathrooms , Nuie , Old London , ProofVision , RAK Ceramics , Reina Radiators , Roca , Royce Morgan , Salamander , Saniflo , Stuart Turner , Tavistock Bathrooms , Triton , Vitra Bathrooms , Warmup Underfloor Heating , Wet Wall , Xpelair and York .
The prickliness and glacial ineptitude of the immigration system is old news to millions of would - be Americans .
Immigrants who play by the rules know that the rules are stringent , arbitrary , expensive and very time - consuming .
But even the most seasoned citizens - in - waiting were stunned by the nasty bait - and - switch the federal bureaucracy pulled on them this month .
After encouraging thousands of highly skilled workers to apply for green cards , the government snatched the opportunity away .
The tease came in a bulletin issued by the State Department in June announcing that green cards for a wide range of skilled workers would be available to those who filed by July 2 .
That prompted untold numbers of doctors , medical technicians and other professionals , many of whom have lived here with their families for years , to assemble little mountains of paper .
They got certified records and sponsorship documents , paid for medical exams and lawyers and sent their applications in .
Many canceled vacations to be in the United States when their applications arrived , as the law requires .
Then they learned that the hope was effectively a hoax .
The State Department had issued the bulletin to prod Citizenship and Immigration Services , the bureaucracy that handles immigration applications , to get cracking on processing them .
The agency is notorious for fainting over paperwork — 182,694 green cards have been squandered since 2000 because it did not process them in time .
That bureaucratic travesty is a tragedy , since the annual supply of green cards is capped by law , and the demand chronically outstrips supply .
The State Department said it put out the bulletin to ensure that every available green card would be used this time .
After working through the weekend , the citizenship agency processed tens of thousands of applications .
On Monday , the State Department announced that all 140,000 employment - based green cards had been used and no applications would be accepted .
There is no consensus on how to measure democracy , definitions of democracy are contested and there is an ongoing lively debate on the subject .
Although the terms “ freedom ” and “ democracy ” are often used interchangeably , the two are not synonymous .
Democracy can be seen as a set of practices and principles that institutionalise and thus ultimately protect freedom .
Even if a consensus on precise definitions has proved elusive , most observers today would agree that , at a minimum , the fundamental features of a democracy include government based on majority rule and the consent of the governed , the existence of free and fair elections , the protection of minorities and respect for basic human rights .
Democracy presupposes equality before the law , due process and political pluralism .
The Democracy index is based on the view that measures of democracy that reflect the state of political freedoms and civil liberties are not thick enough .
They do not encompass sufficiently or at all some features that determine how substantive democracy is or its quality .
Freedom is an essential component of democracy , but not sufficient .
In existing measures , the elements of political participation and functioning of government are taken into account only in a marginal way .
The Economist Intelligence Unit's Democracy index is based on five categories : electoral process and pluralism ; civil liberties ; the functioning of government ; political participation ; and political culture .
The condition of having free and fair competitive elections , and satisfying related aspects of political freedom , is clearly the basic requirement of all definitions .
This index provides a snapshot of the current state of democracy worldwide for 165 independent states and two territories .
This covers almost the entire population of the world and the vast majority of the world 's 192 independent states ( 27 micro- states are excluded ) .
Several things stand out .
Although almost half of the world 's countries can be considered to be democracies , the number of “ full democracies ” is relatively low ( only 28 ) .
Almost twice as many ( 54 ) are rated as “ flawed democracies ” .
Of the remaining 85 states , 55 are authoritarian and 30 are considered to be “ hybrid regimes ” .
As could be expected , the developed OECD countries ( with the notable exception of Italy ) dominate among full democracies , although there are two Latin American , two central European and one African country , which means that the level of development is not a binding constraint .
Only one Asian country , Japan , makes the grade .
More than half of the world 's population lives in a democracy of some sort , although only some 13 % reside in full democracies .
Despite the advances in democracy in recent decades , almost 40 % of the world 's population still lives under authoritarian rule ( with a large share of these being , of course , in China ) .
Full report and methodology
Enterprises considering Linux as an alternative desktop to Microsoft Windows often believe they have some essential Win32 applications or tools that prevent them from making the switch .
I have seen CIOs eliminate the Linux option because someone advising them failed to mention how Linux can run Win32 applications .
In fact , Linux has the ability to run Windows applications in a number of different ways .
The Walt Disney Company , for example , has deployed Linux desktops successfully by using WINE to run some Windows applications such as Adobe Photoshop .
Disney Animation first deployed Linux in 2002 .
As recently as late March 2005 , Disney advertised for a Linux Technical Support Engineer .
To give you an idea of the kind of Linux personnel the company was looking for , here 's a link to the Web site advertisement .
An excerpt from the ad reads :
The ( Technical Support Engineer ) TSE will provide hardware and software support to our Artists and Developers in a Linux production environment .
The TSE will support our all - CG production of Chicken Little in addition to other films and projects .
We 're looking for intelligent , committed people with strong understanding of a Unix / Linux production environment , great interpersonal skills and a love of the creative process .
This is a Linux - centric position .
Candidates without strong Linux or Unix experience will not be considered .
Duties Analyze and fix s/w and h/w for production and development .
Production support via phones and email and live at desk - side .
Liaison between technology and production departments .
Develop and document tools for team processes .
Quickly analyze find creative solutions for technical problems involving FA artists and computer h/w , s/w and systems .
Other companies , such as Sun Microsystems , have found that terminal servers allow them to run some Win32 applications .
Linux distributions provide facilities for Windows Terminal Services and the Citrix MetaFrame XP Presentation Server .
Although Linux has its own terminal services , using Win32 servers can allow enterprises to reap the large benefits of Linux deployments .
Let 's take a look at an example of a communication from a member of an organization using Win32 applications who wants to change to Linux as his full - time desktop :
We have several packages which I have to use at work .
They include stats packages SPSS v9 + , HLM4 , Streams , LISREL and Nud*ist but I want to change to Linux .
In this situation , the user has a specific set of tasks in his corporate environment , and the software he uses is Win32 packages .
Here 's are their expanded descriptions .
SPSS generates decision - making information using statistics to help users understand and present results within tabular and graphical output .
This data analysis tool enables users to make decisions by uncovering key facts , patterns and trends .
It generally is used for data mining , data management and database analysis , market and survey research and general research .
HML is a product of SSI Scientific Software , and it stands for Hierarchical Linear Model .
It has a range of hierarchical models and presents graphical displays of data , including group - specific scatter plots , line plots and cubic splines that can be color coded by values of predictor variables .
It also produces box - plots displayed for overall data and data grouped within higher - level units .
STREAMS , or Structural Equation Modeling Made Simple , has two main functions : to be a tool for teaching and learning structural equation modeling ( SEM ) and to be a productivity tool for modelers .
LISREL also comes from SSI .
It functions as a structural equation modeling package that can deal with multilevel models , factor analysis and two - stage least - squares estimation .
Nud*ist stands for a Nonnumerical Unstructured Data by Indexing , Searching and Theorizing .
It provides a qualitative research package that uses a variety of search tools to scan and code texts .
The product now is called N6 and comes from QSR International .
Because this user has Windows XP Professional , he can enable terminal services and run any of the programs mentioned above on Linux using rdesktop .
You would need two machines or could share a system running XP .
With the price of hardware so low today , that could be an option .
Also , by using rdesktop , the programs often run faster on Linux than they do on the host machine .
Another option would be to run Win4Lin .
Some people like VMware , and reviewers say version 5 is much improved .
I used previous versions going back to 2.0 , but I do not need it for my current work .
One might consider using it , though , as memory is cheap and one can put 3GBs of fast DDR RAM on the newer and budget - minded PCs available today .
The software listed in the example above , from SPSS through Nud*ist , does not run in Codeweavers CrossOver Office or in any of the WINE derivatives .
A couple of considerations do exist , however , within the Linux application base .
STATA , for example , appears to be an alternative statistical package in the same family of applications but it also runs on Linux .
LISREL 8 , in fact , is available for Linux on Intel - compatible computers .
To keep things simple , however , perhaps the best solution for this user would be to use rdesktop .
He might choose to use TSClient , a front end for Linux rdesktop , as shown in Figure 1 .
Figure 1 . TSClient , a Front End for rdesktop
In organizations that use Linux analysts to evaluate their open - source strategies , we use a rule of thumb that says 10 % of the user population might need Windows .
The user with the statistical packages would fall into the 10 % category .
Typically , we 're able to utilize NT 4.0 Terminal services , Windows 2000 Server , Microsoft 2003 Server terminal or Citrix to fill those needs .
Organizations need to have some commitment to Linux , too , as the licensing for Win32 terminal services run high .
If a company can save money using Linux , then the savings still are significant for licensing that 10 % of the user population to have terminal services .
