The How I Met Your Mother star and Alexis Denisof will welcome their first child this spring
Actress Alyson Hannigan is pregnant , her rep Megan Moss tells PEOPLE exclusively .
The How I Met Your Mother star , 34 , and her husband , actor Alexis Denisof , 42 , will welcome their first child this spring .
Get push notifications with news , features and more .
The couple met on the set of Buffy the Vampire Slayer during the 1999 - 2000 season and were married at the Two Bunch Palms resort near Palm Springs , Calif. , on Oct. 11 , 2003 .
MAPUTO , Mozambique , Nov. 23 ( UPI ) --
Rats in Africa have been trained to use their sensitive noses for the benefit of humans by sniffing out land mines and diagnosing tuberculosis .
The rats involved in finding land mines in Mozambique have been bred to be the size of raccoons , The Boston Globe reports .
While the squads of mine - sniffing rats were mocked at first , officials are considering using them in the Democratic Republic of Congo , Zambia and other countries where unexploded mines remain common .
Advertisement
In Tanzania , trained rats sniff sputum samples at four medical clinics .
The rats have found more than 300 cases of TB that had n't been diagnosed by medical staff .
Bart Weetjens of Belgium got the idea for the trained rats while he was in Africa working on land mines .
The rats are trained to scratch when they smell the vapor from land mines or the smell of disease .
When they scratch , their handlers signal them with a clicker and then reward the animals with a piece of fruit or a nut .
Weetjens was asked why the rats do n't simply scratch to get food .
" That would be human behavior , " he told the Globe .
" The rats are more honest . "
THE Republican presidential nominee , John McCain , and his running mate , Sarah Palin , have come under intense pressure over distortions and half - truths .
A dozen columnists and editorials took Senator McCain to task over the weekend over an advertisement that claimed that his Democratic rival , Barack Obama , wanted to " teach children about sex before they can read " .
Senator Obama supported a bill for sex education in schools from kindergarten to year 12 , but the early years of the program focused on stranger danger and inappropriate touching .
The New York Times , The Washington Post and The Boston Globe have also carried investigative reports on claims made by Mrs Palin as Alaskan Governor , and during her six years as Mayor of Wasilla , a town of 7000 residents .
So hard to find good help
This presidential race has often focused on candidate associations , whether they be with a fiery minister or a " washed up old terrorist . "
But as the oppo-clips empty over the last days of the campaign , we 're likely to see a few more .
Take the campaign of Rep. John Shadegg ( R - Ariz . ) .
According to Arizona court records and Shadegg 's Federal Election Commission filings , his campaign has employed three men with sketchy pasts to make phone calls to get out the vote .
One man appears on the registered sex offender list .
Another can be found in Arizona prison records , having served time for car theft and burglary .
A third is in the same database for theft .
Shadegg and his campaign did not return phone calls .
Consider this post the second installment in an ongoing series on criminals connected with congressional campaigns .
With one of every 99 Americans currently behind bars , there 's probably no shortage of stories we could run .
A group of students at Princeton University are pushing “ Princeton Proposition 8 ” that would ban freshmen from walking on the sidewalks , a move that , they say , would protect traditional sidewalk values .
According to the group , California ’s Proposition 8 has set a clear precedent for a majority to eliminate a minority group ’s civil rights , and they see it as a perfect opportunity to utilize this development for their own gain .
The group emphasizes that they are not “ froshophobic ” and that some of their best friends are freshmen .
GUANGZHOU --
More migrant workers in Guangdong are committing crimes , especially sex offences , because of heavy workloads and inadequate sex lives , local authorities and researchers have said .
Twenty - five people were arrested this year for sex crimes , 10 of whom were migrant workers , the prosecution department of Xinhui district in Jiangmen city was reported by the Guangzhou Daily as saying on Friday .
The number of arrests is reportedly 50 percent higher than that of the previous year .
Almost 30 million migrants work in Guangdong , with 57 percent of them men , statistics from the provincial labor and social security department have shown .
In textile and shoe factories in the province , more than 80 percent of workers are women .
About 90 percent of migrant workers in the construction and mining industries are men .
Eight - six percent of the migrant workers are aged between 18 and 35 years old , official figures showed .
In a recent survey by the Guangzhou Daily , 29 of 46 migrant workers aged from 25 to 30 years old said they had not had sex for at least half a year , while 14 said they had not had sex for more than a year .
" We need love , care and an adequate sex life , just like other people , " Li Donglin , a migrant worker in Jiangmen , said .
" Migrant workers are suffering from depression caused by a lack of sex and a lot of problems can arise from this situation , " Guan Hong , a researcher of the social sciences academy of Guangzhou , said on Friday .
" Some migrant workers suffer from mental problems , while others could visit prostitutes and might contract venereal diseases , " he said .
A number of these migrant workers might also commit sex crimes such as rape " when their sexual desires cannot be satisfied " , he said .
A solution for migrant workers suffering from these problems is for employers or the authorities to provide temporary accommodation for migrant workers who are in the same city with their spouses , Tao Lin , a sexologist from Guangdong , said .
Most workers currently live in dormitories with other co-workers .
Tao also encouraged migrant workers to participate in social interaction activities .
Migrant workers can benefit from making friends of the opposite sex through normal and healthy channels , she said .
Vanity Fair Defends Kate Winslet Cover Photo
posed for the December issue of Vanity Fair .
The gorgeous cover shot of the 33 year old shows the actress with a white coat draped around her shoulders and aside from some gorgeous shoes , she appears to be wearing virtually nothing else .
The British born celebrity has taken some severe criticism from the tabloid press across the pond .
The Sun , the Daily Telegraph and Daily Mail have published banner headlines declaring that the VF cover , and other poses from the shoot are the product of heavy airbrushing .
One of the publications even brought in an airbrushing expert to pick apart the photographs .
Not so fast says Vanity Fair .
They have come to Kate 's defense with the following statement : " Kate is furious at suggestions that her body has been airbrushed .
Kate looks fabulous .
There was minimal retouching ... just the smoothing out of skin tones and blemishes .
She did n't need anything more . "
The actress is reportedly livid with the negative press .
Her rep said , " She is in terrific shape and what you see is how she looks or she would never have agreed to pose for those shots . "
Check out more photos below .
Check out Cosmopolitan 's deceptive Britney Spears cover here .
High - performance XML parsing in Python with lxml
Stretch the limits of this full - featured XML parsing and serializing suite
Frequently used acronyms API : application programming interface
DOM : Document Object Model
HTML : Hypertext Markup Language
SAX : Simple API for XML
XML : Extensible Markup Language
XPath : XML Path Language
XSLT : Extensible Stylesheet Language Transformations
Introducing lxml
Python has never suffered from a scarcity of XML libraries .
Since version 2.0 , it has included the familiar xml.dom.minidom and related pulldom and Simple API for XML ( SAX ) models .
Since 2.4 , it has included the popular ElementTree API .
In addition , there have always been third - party libraries that offer higher - level or more pythonic interfaces .
While any XML library is sufficient for simple Document Object Model ( DOM ) or SAX parsing of small files , developers are increasingly faced with larger datasets and a need for real - time parsing of XML in a Web services context .
Meanwhile , experienced XML developers may prefer XML - native languages such as XPath or XSLT for their compactness and expressivity .
It would be ideal to have access to the declarative syntax of XPath while retaining the general - purpose functionality available in Python .
Software versions and sample data used in this article lxml 2.1.2
libxml2 2.7.1
libxslt 1.1.24
cElementTree 1.0.5
United States copyright renewal data , supplied by Google
Open Directory Resource Description Framework ( RDF ) content See Related topics for more information about this software and data .
I performed the benchmarks on a Pentium M 1.86GHz ThinkPad T43 with 2GB of RAM running Ubuntu , using IPython 's timeit command .
Timings are supplied only for comparison among approaches and should not be taken as representative benchmarks for the software described .
lxml is the first Python XML library that demonstrates high - performance characteristics and includes native support for XPath 1.0 , XSLT 1.0 , custom element classes , and even a pythonic data - binding interface .
It is built on top of two C libraries : libxml2 and libxslt .
They provide most of the horsepower behind the core tasks of parsing , serializing , and transforming .
Which parts of lxml you use in your code depends on your needs :
Are you comfortable with XPath ?
Do you prefer to work with Python - like objects ?
How much memory do you have on the system to keep large trees available ?
This article does not cover all of lxml but instead demonstrates techniques to efficiently process very large XML files , optimizing for high speed and low memory usage .
Two freely available example documents are used : U.S. copyright renewal data converted into XML by Google and the Open Directory RDF content .
lxml is compared here only to cElementTree and not to the dozens of other Python libraries available .
I chose cElementTree because it is a native part of Python 2.5 and , like lxml , built on C libraries .
What 's so hard about very large data ?
XML libraries are often designed for and tested on small sample files .
Indeed , many real - world projects are begun without complete data available .
Programmers work diligently for weeks or months using sample content and writing code such as that shown in Listing 1 .
Listing 1 . A simple parse operation
from lxml import etree doc = etree.parse ('content-sample.xml ' )
cElementTree
If parsing and simple analysis is all your program needs to do , consider the cElementTree module , which is bundled as part of Python 2.5 .
It is a C implementation of ElementTree that uses expat for parsing and is superior to all other libraries when you need to parse the entire document tree .
However , its API is more restricted than even ElementTree , and it is slower than lxml in most other tasks , especially serialization .
The lxml parse method reads the entire document and builds an in - memory tree .
Relative to cElementTree , an lxml tree is much more expensive because it retains more information about a node 's context , including references to its parent .
Parsing a 2G document this way immediately puts a machine with 2G RAM into swap , with disastrous performance implications .
If the whole application is written assuming this data will be available in memory , a major refactor is in order .
Iterative parsing
When building an in - memory tree is not desired or practical , use an iterative parsing technique that does not rely on reading the entire source file .
lxml offers two approaches :
Supplying a target parser class
Using the iterparse method
Using the target parser method
The target parser method is familiar to developers who are comfortable with SAX event - driven code .
A target parser is a class that implements the following methods :
start fires on element open .
The data and children of the element are not yet available .
end fires on element close .
All of the element 's child nodes , including text nodes , are now available .
data fires on text children and has access to that text .
close fires when parsing is complete .
Listing 2 demonstrates creating a target parser class ( here called TitleTarget ) that implements the required methods .
This parser collects the text children of the Title element in an internal list ( self .
text ) and , upon reaching the close ( ) method , returns that list .
Listing 2 . A target parser that returns a list of all text children of the Title tag
class TitleTarget ( object ) : def __init__ ( self ) : self . text = [ ] def start ( self , tag , attrib ) : self.is_title =
True if tag == ' Title ' else False def end ( self , tag ) : pass def data ( self , data ) : if self.is_title : self.text.append(data.encode('utf - 8' ) ) def close ( self ) : return self .
text parser = etree.XMLParser( target = TitleTarget ( ) ) #
This and most other samples read in the Google copyright data infile = ' copyright.xml ' results = etree.parse ( infile , parser ) #
When iterated over , ' results ' will contain the output from # target parser 's close ( ) method out = open ( ' titles.txt ' , 'w ' ) out . write ( '
'.join ( results ) ) out.close ( )
This code was timed at 54 seconds when run against the copyright data .
Target parsing can be reasonably fast and does not generate a memory - consuming parse tree , but all events fire for all elements in the data .
For very large documents , this might not be desirable when only a few elements are of interest , such as in this example .
Is it possible to limit processing to a selected tag and get better performance ?
Using the iterparse method
lxml 's iterparse method is an extension of the ElementTree API .
iterparse returns a Python iterator for the selected element context .
It accepts two useful arguments : a tuple of events to monitor and a tag name .
In this case , I 'm only interested in the text content of < Title > ( which is available upon reaching the end event ) .
The output from Listing 3 will be identical to that of the target parser method in Listing 2 but ought to be much faster because lxml can optimize the event handling internally .
It 's also many fewer lines of code .
Listing 3 . Simple iteration over a named tag and event
context = etree.iterparse( infile , events =( ' end ' , ) , tag= ' Title ' ) for event , elem in context : out .
write ('%s
' % elem.text.encode( 'utf - 8 ' ) )
If you run this code and monitor the output , you see it begins by appending titles very quickly but soon slows to a crawl .
A quick check of top shows that the computer has gone into swap :
PID USER PR NI VIRT RES SHR S %CPU %MEM TIME + COMMAND 170 root 15 - 5 0 0 0 D 3.9 0.0 0:01.32 kswapd0
What 's going on ?
Although iterparse does not consume the entire file at first , it does not free the references to nodes from each iteration .
When the whole document will be accessed repeatedly , this is a feature .
However , in this case I would much rather reclaim that memory at the end of each loop .
This includes both references to children or text nodes that were already been processed and preceding siblings of the current node , whose references from the root node are also implicitly preserved , as in Listing 4 :
Listing 4 . Revised iteration which clears unneeded node references
for event , elem in context : out . write ('%s
' % elem.text.encode( 'utf - 8 ' ) ) #
It 's safe to call clear ( ) here because no descendants will be accessed elem.clear ( ) #
Also eliminate now - empty references from the root node to < Title > while elem.getprevious ( ) is not None : del elem.getparent ( ) [ 0 ]
For convenience , I refactor Listing 4 into a function that takes a callable func to do an operation against the current node , as in Listing 5 .
I 'll use this method in the succeeding examples .
Listing 5 . A function to loop through a context , calling func each time , and then clean up unneeded references
def fast_iter ( context , func ) : for event , elem in context : func( elem ) elem.clear ( ) while elem.getprevious ( ) is not None : del elem.getparent ( ) [ 0 ] del context
Performance characteristics
This optimized iterparse approach in Listing 4 produces output that 's identical to that produced by the target parser in Listing 2 , but in half the time .
It is even faster than cElementTree when the task is restricted to a particular event and tag name , as it is here .
( In most cases , though , cElementTree will outperform lxml when parsing is the primary activity . )
Table 1 shows timings of various parser techniques as measured against the copyright data on the computer described in the benchmarks sidebar .
Table 1 . Comparisons of iterative parsing methods : extract text ( ) from < Title >
XML library Method Average time , in seconds cElementTree Iterparse 32 lxml Target parser 54 lxml Optimized iterparse 25
Does it scale ?
Running the same iterparse method in Listing 4 on the Open Directory data takes 122 seconds per run , or slightly more than five times longer than parsing the copyright data .
As the Open Directory data is also slightly more than five times as large ( at 1.9 gigabytes ) , you should expect roughly linear time performance from this method , even on very large files .
Serialization
If all you need to do with an XML file is grab some text from within a single node , it might be possible to use a simple regular expression that will probably operate faster than any XML parser .
In practice , though , this is nearly impossible to get right when the data is at all complex , and I do not recommend it .
XML libraries are invaluable when true data manipulation is required .
Serializing XML to a string or file is where lxml excels because it relies on libxml2 C code directly .
If your task requires any serialization at all , lxml is a clear choice , but there are some tricks to get the best performance out of the library .
Use deepcopy when serializing subtrees
lxml retains references between child nodes and their parents .
One effect of this is that a node in lxml can have one and only one parent .
( cElementTree has no concept of parent nodes . )
Listing 6 takes each < Record > in the copyright file and writes a simplified record containing only the title and the copyright information .
Listing 6 . Serialize an element 's children
from lxml import etree import deepcopy def serialize ( elem ) : # Output a new tree like : # < SimplerRecord > # < Title > This title</ Title > # < Copyright >< Date > date </ Date >< Id>id</Id></Copyright > # </SimplerRecord > # Create a new root node r = etree .
Element ( ' SimplerRecord ') # Create a new child t = etree .
SubElement (r , ' Title ' ) #
Set this child 's text attribute to the original text contents of < Title > t.text = elem.iterchildren(tag=' Title ' ) . next ( ) . text # Deep copy a descendant tree for c in elem.iterchildren ( tag=' Copyright ' ) : r.append ( deepcopy ( c ) ) return r out = open ( ' titles.xml ' , 'w ' ) context = etree.iterparse(' copyright.xml ' , events =( ' end ' , ) , tag= ' Record ' ) # Iterate through each of the < Record > nodes using our fast iteration method fast_iter ( context , # For each < Record > , serialize a simplified version and write it # to the output file lambda elem : out. write ( etree.tostring ( serialize( elem ) , encoding='utf - 8 ' ) ) )
Do n't use deepcopy to simply replicate the text of a single node .
It 's faster to create a new node , populate its text attribute manually , and then serialize it .
In my tests , calling deepcopy for both < Title > and < Copyright > was 15 percent slower than the code in Listing 6 .
You 'll see the greatest performance boosts from deepcopy when serializing large descendant trees .
When benchmarked against cElementTree using the code in Listing 7 , lxml 's serializer was almost twice as fast ( 50 seconds versus 95 seconds ) :
Listing 7 . Serializing with cElementTree
def serialize_cet ( elem ) : r = cet .
Element (' Record ' ) # Create a new element with the same text child t = cet .
SubElement (r , ' Title ' ) t.text = elem.find ( ' Title ' ) .
text # ElementTree does not store parent references -- an element can # exist in multiple trees .
It 's not necessary to use deepcopy here .
for c in elem.findall ( ' Copyright ' ) : r.append(h ) return r context = cet.iterparse(' copyright.xml ' , events =( ' end ' , ' start ' ) ) context = iter( context ) event , root = context . next ( ) for event , elem in context : if elem.tag == ' Record ' and event =='end ' : result = serialize_cet ( elem ) out.write(cet.tostring ( result , encoding='utf - 8 ' ) ) root.clear ( )
For more information about this iteration pattern , see " Incremental Parsing " of the ElementTree documentation .
( See Related topics for a link . )
Finding elements quickly
After parsing , the most common XML task is to locate specific data of interest inside the parsed tree .
lxml offers several approaches , from a simplified search syntax to full XPath 1.0 .
As a user , you should be aware of the performance characteristics and optimization techniques for each approach .
Avoid use of find and findall
The find and findall methods , inherited from the ElementTree API , locate one or more descendant nodes using a simplified XPath - like expression language called ElementPath .
Users migrating from ElementTree to lxml can naturally continue to use the find / ElementPath syntax .
lxml supplies two other options for discovering subnodes : the iterchildren / iterdescendants methods and true XPath .
In cases where the expression should match a node name , it is far faster ( in some cases twice as fast ) to use the iterchildren or iterdescendants methods with their optional tag parameter when compared to their equivalent ElementPath expressions .
For more complex patterns , use the XPath class to precompile search patterns .
Simple patterns that mimic the behavior of iterchildren with tag arguments ( for example , etree .
XPath ( " child : : Title " ) ) execute in effectively the same time as their iterchildren equivalents .
It 's important to precompile , though .
Compiling the pattern in each execution of the loop or using the xpath ( ) method on an element ( described in the lxml documentation , see Resources ) can be almost twice as slow as compiling once and then using that pattern repeatedly .
XPath evaluation in lxml is fast .
If only a subset of nodes needs to be serialized , it is much better to limit with precise XPath expressions up front than to inspect all the nodes later .
For example , limiting the sample serialization to include only titles containing the word night , as in Listing 8 , takes 60 percent of the time to serialize the full set .
Listing 8 . Conditional serialization with XPath classes
def write_if_node ( out , node ) : if node is not None : out.write(etree.tostring ( node , encoding='utf - 8 ' ) ) def serialize_with_xpath ( elem , xp1 , xp2 ) : ''' Take our source < Record > element and apply two pre-compiled XPath classes .
Return a node only if the first expression matches . ''' r = etree .
Element ( ' Record ' ) t = etree .
SubElement (r , ' Title ' ) x = x p1 ( elem ) if x : t.text = x [ 0 ] . text for c in xp2 ( elem ) : r.append ( deepcopy( c ) ) return r xp1 = etree.XPath ( " child : : Title [ contains ( text ( ) , ' night ' ) ] " ) xp2 = etree .XPath ( " child :: Copyright " ) out = open ( ' out.xml ' , 'w ' ) context = etree.iterparse(' copyright.xml ' , events =( ' end ' , ) , tag= ' Record ' ) fast_iter ( context , lambda elem : write_if_node ( out , serialize_with_xpath( elem , xp1 , x p2 ) ) )
Finding nodes in other parts of the document
Note that , even when using iterparse , it is possible to use XPath predicates based on looking ahead of the current node .
To find all < Record > nodes that are immediately followed by a record whose title contains the word night , do this :
etree.XPath ( " Title [ contains (../ Record / following :: Record [ 1 ] / Title / text ( ) , ' night ' ) ] " )
However , when using the memory - efficient iteration strategy described in Listing 4 , this command returns nothing because preceding nodes are cleared as parsing proceeds through the document :
etree.XPath ( " Title [ contains (../ Record / preceding :: Record [ 1 ] / Title / text ( ) , ' night ' ) ] " )
While it is possible to write an efficient algorithm to solve this particular problem , tasks involving analyses across nodes — especially those that might be randomly distributed in the document — are usually more suited for an XML database that uses XQuery , such as eXist .
Other ways to increase performance
In addition to the use of specific methods within lxml , you can use approaches outside of the library to influence execution speed .
Some of these are simple code changes ; others require new thinking about how to handle large data problems .
Psyco
The Psyco module is an often - missed way to increase the speed of Python applications with minimal work .
Typical gains for a pure Python program are between two and four times , but lxml does most of its work in C , so the difference is unusually small .
When I ran Listing 4 with Psyco enabled , I reduced runtime by only three seconds ( 43.9 seconds versus 47.3 seconds ) .
Psyco has a large memory overhead which might even negate any gains if the machine has to go to swap .
If your lxml - driven application has core pure Python code that 's executed frequently ( perhaps extensive string manipulation on text nodes ) , you might benefit if you enable Psyco for only those methods .
For more information about Psyco , see Related topics .
Threading
If , instead , your application relies mostly on internal , C - driven lxml features , it might be to your advantage to run it as a threaded application in a multiprocessor environment .
There are restrictions on how to start the threads — especially with XSLT .
Consult the FAQ section on threads in the lxml documentation for more information .
Divide and conquer
If it is possible to divide extremely large documents into individually analyzable subtrees , then it becomes feasible to split the document at the subtree level ( using lxml 's fast serialization ) and distribute the work on those files among multiple computers .
Employing on - demand virtual servers is an increasingly popular solution for executing central processing unit ( CPU ) bound offline tasks .
General strategies for any high - volume XML task
The specific code samples presented here might not apply to your project , but consider a few principles — borne out by testing and the lxml documentation — when faced with XML data measured in gigabytes or more :
Use an iterative parsing strategy to incrementally process large documents .
If searching the entire document in random order is required , move to an indexed XML database .
Be extremely conservative in the data that you select .
If you are only interested in particular nodes , use methods that select by those names .
If you require predicate syntax , try one of the XPath classes and methods available .
Consider the task at hand and the comfort level of the developer .
Object models such as lxml 's objectify or Amara might be more natural for Python developers when speed is not a consideration .
cElementTree is faster when only parsing is required .
Take the time to do even simple benchmarking .
When processing millions of records , small differences add up , and it is not always obvious which methods are the most efficient .
Conclusion
Many software products come with the pick - two caveat , meaning that you must choose only two : speed , flexibility , or readability .
When used carefully , lxml can provide all three .
XML developers who have struggled with DOM performance or with the event - driven model of SAX now have the chance to work with higher - level pythonic libraries .
Programmers coming from a Python background who are new to XML have an easy way to explore the expressivity of XPath and XSLT .
Both coding styles can co-exist happily in an lxml - based application .
lxml has more to offer than what was explored here .
Be sure to look into the lxml.objectify module , especially for smaller datasets or applications that are not primarily XML - based .
For content in HTML that might not be well formed , lxml provides two useful packages : the lxml.html module and the BeautifulSoup parser .
It 's also possible to extend lxml itself if you write Python modules that are callable from XSLT or create custom Python or C extensions .
Find information about all of these in the lxml documentation mentioned in Related topics .
Downloadable resources
Related topics
The Department of Health had lost the most computers
One government computer a week has been going missing on average in recent months , ministers have admitted .
Figures gained by the Conservatives showed 53 had disappeared in a year , along with 36 BlackBerries , 30 mobile phones and four memory sticks .
Tory frontbencher Grant Shapps said Whitehall security had to be reviewed .
The demand comes a year after Gordon Brown apologised for the loss of data discs containing the details of 25 million people .
Department by department Mr Shapps , the shadow housing minister , wrote recently to ministers asking what equipment and data had been lost by their departments in the previous 12 months .
The Department of Health lost the most computers , with 14 disappearing .
A spokesman said all the incidents had been investigated and that all portable equipment was marked with an invisible dye to help deter or detect theft .
There had only been one incident involving the loss of personal data , when some junior doctors ' details were made available by an outside contractor in breach of their guidelines , he added .
The Department for Children , Schools and Families lost the next highest number of computers - 13 .
The Department for International Development , which lost nine , said all the data had been encrypted and was secure .
The Department for Transport lost five computers and the Department of Justice four .
Mr Shapps said the Ministry of Defence and the Home Office had not replied to his question .
He added : " They need to come clean and the departments that did show exceptional computer losses have to give more detail .
" We need an urgent review of the government 's data policies , especially with large projects in the pipeline .
" It shows ministers are not capable of handling this sort of thing . "
A year ago it was revealed that HM Revenue and Customs ( HMRC ) had lost two computer discs containing the entire child benefit records , including the personal details of 25 million people - covering 7.25 million families overall .
The discs contained the names , addresses , dates of birth and bank account details of people who received child benefit .
They also included National Insurance numbers .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The front cover of one of some 2,000 calendars featuring nostalgic photographs of former dictator Benito Mussolini framed by rousing Fascist - era slogans .
Mussolini 's portrait appears on everything from key - chains , lighters and cuff links to bottles of a perfume .
Picture taken January 4 , 2000 .
REUTERS / File
ROME ( Reuters ) -
An Italian right - wing party is offering 1,500 euros ( $ 1,930 ) to parents who name their babies after wartime fascist dictator Benito Mussolini or his wife Rachele , saying their names are under threat .
The MSI - Fiamma Tricolore party , the descendant of Mussolini ’s fascist party , said the initiative in the poor , southern region of Basilicata was meant to keep alive names “ at risk of extinction ” and pay tribute to the movement ’s roots .
“ Benito and Rachele are nice names and I hope our original initiative will get people going , ” party official Vincenzo Mancusi told Reuters .
The bonus -- intended to pay for baby clothes and food -- applies to babies born in 2009 in five villages where the birth rate is especially low , Mancusi said .
Mussolini ruled from 1922 to 1943 when he was ousted after leading Italy to ruin by entering World War Two as an ally of Germany .
He was executed along with his mistress Claretta Petacci in 1945 .
His widow Rachele died in 1979 .
SirJohanIII
“ The thing about music , when it hits you , you feel no pain ”
– Bob Marley
I ’m Gary “ Sir Johan ” Carlsen III , musician , lead guitarist for War Child Band , friend of music legend Bob Marley & The Wailers & of other well know musicians & people .
I ’m also founder of www.DJOD.org “ Different Journeys , One Destination ” .
Influenced by the fascination of the music world and later owning Bob ’s GUITAR , ( claimed by Sothebys.com New York & Hard Rock Cafe as one of the “ World ’s Most Expensive & Rarest Guitar ” , led me to meet amazing influential and famous people in the world including David Foster , BB King , Led Zepplin , Eddie Van Halen , T - Rex , Be Bop Deluxe , Prince , Queen , Billy Joel , Randy Hansen , KISS , Keith Moon , Yngwie Malmsteen , Long John Baldry , Jeff Beck , Bryan Adams ( a fellow high school chum ) among many others .
View my Flickr photos @ www.flickr.com/photos/djodorg/
I am the only person in the public domain of the entire world to have been given a personal guitar personally from Bob aside from Bob ’s family & band mates .
In our personal conversation in November 21 , 1979 , Vancouver , BC , Canada , I never wanted his guitar because I already had enough guitars of my own .
But Bob said to me , “ Take it because you ’ll understand later . ”
In the end , Bob gave me his personal custom Washburn guitar that he most likely picked up between 1978 - 1979 along with a handful of guitar picks witnessed by the eyes of Julian Marvin from Bob Marley & The Wailers among others .
My story and guitar from Bob is quite shocking and unbelievable to many among online social media outlets and all I can say is everything I ’m sharing along with our organization is all true .
Since 1996 when I tried to find out the guitar ’s value , I ’ve been offered millions of dollars for it .
I then decided to hold on to the guitar until a few years back .
I had what you would say a calling to do something great with Bob ’s guitar for everyone in which I know I have Bob ’s blessings for sure .
Realizing that it was Bob ’s way of saying goodbye and thanks to me for always helping him with his guitars ; through patience , I also came to a revelation that I have been given a precious vehicle that will continue to spread Bob ’s message of healing , faith , peace , & love .
Now , the guitar is up as a charity prize among other rare prizes which will help raise monies for charities & organizations that are already part of DJOD & those who wish to be involved with DJOD in our FUTURE LAUNCH for GREAT CAUSES .
The charities are on our main page with banners mixed with other organizations & more to come .
Meet the DJOD Team .
We see this as a true win -win situation where people are making a difference in the world & where those people get rare wonderful prizes in return .
Help us by spreading the word .
Click here to Contact Us .
“ Bob , I miss ya & there ’s only one way for me to thank you & that ’s to keep you alive by spreading your history , music , & message to the rest of the world , my dear friend .
You are going to live on forever without an end .
Good times . ” – Gary Guitar
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
There are a lot of bad things on the Internet : spam , child porn , malware , phishing and so on .
Until recently , it ’s been up to people to protect themselves , using security software or web site blocking .
Lately , however , governments and legislators have been calling for service providers to limit where users can go , both to stop criminal activity and to protect naïve surfers from straying onto malicious sites .
Recent advances in DNS may soon let carriers comply with such regulations .
In June , three major carriers agreed to purge child pornography hosted on servers their customers operate in their data centers .
Having signed New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo ’s Internet code of conduct , every major U.S. ISP has also agreed to eliminate access to certain newsgroups .
It ’s not just in the U.S. , either : Australia ’s hotly debated Plan for Cyber Safety blocks content that is n’t child - friendly .
Subscribers can opt out , but they ’ll still be blocked from content the government deems illegal .
Blocking dangerous destinations is difficult .
They change often , so firewalling their addresses does n’t work well .
Inspecting user traffic is CPU - intensive , and deep packet inspection ( DPI ) has privacy concerns ( which has n’t stopped Sweden . )
So it ’s been hard for carriers to enforce regulations .
Australian regulators acknowledged this , saying that “ if there is infrastructure in place to block [ a bad site ] then it will be required to be blocked ” but did n’t specify how carriers would enforce the block .
That infrastructure may be here , thanks to recent advances in DNS .
One of the protocols at the core of the Internet , DNS , serves two functions :
To distribute huge lists of URLs and their addresses out across the Net , and to turn URLs ( “ gigaom.com ” ) into addresses ( 72.233.2.54 ) .
That makes it an ideal tool for limiting the sites people can visit , because it can distribute large lists of banned sites to servers , and then refuse to resolve blocked sites when surfers ask for their addresses .
Nominum , a maker of DNS and DHCP technology for big carriers like Comcast , Verizon , and Deutsche Telecom , has launched new software to do just this .
“ Carriers may face mandates to not resolve to porn , spyware and so on .
This is the first stage of removal for these sites , ” said Paul Mockapetris , who created DNS in 1983 and is now the company ’s chairman and chief scientist .
In other words , the next time you try to visit a banned site , you ’ll simply get an “ Address Not Found ” error .
You ’ll also be taking the first step toward a day when your government , your ISP , and even your community will decide what it ’s OK for you to visit .
DNS is already important to Internet security .
When Comcast decided to run its own mail servers , it was able to block 70 percent of its customers ’ incoming spam by looking up sender domains — and doing so only consumed 5 percent of all its anti-spam CPU power .
DNS is an increasingly essential tool in light of rising online crime .
“ Barbarians are coming over the wall , ” Mockapetris said .
DNS can also distribute transmit firewall blacklists or redirect Internet users to approved destinations .
“ As government agencies and industry watchdogs pressure service providers to ensure security while safeguarding privacy , DNS redirection is an indispensable tool , ” said Yankee Group analyst David Vorhaus .
ISPs are eager to adopt the new technology .
“ We plan to leverage [ Nominum ’s ] products to deliver ongoing security and safety from other threats , ” said Stefano Maifreni , product manager for Internet access services at Italian ISP COLT .
Mockapetris explains that manual DNS blocking is common practice , citing one South American customer that has hundreds of blocked sites .
But blocking by hand does n’t scale .
“ You need a rapid response , since bad guys come up on new domains and there are billions of names in the name servers . ”
Nominum ’s new software automates the management and distribution of blocked lists , and scales to billions of addresses .
Blocking DNS wo n’t stop the truly determined surfers , who can simply look up blocked sites on another DNS server .
But it will stop innocent surfers from following a malicious link .
“ This is n’t a long - term solution to eliminating covert channels , ” says Mockapetris .
That ’s not to say that carriers could n’t block external DNS requests relatively easily , but Mockapetris is against this idea .
While he says he supports letting a carrier supply a safe DNS service , he ’s opposed to blocking the ability to reach DNS servers other than those the carriers are running .
“ Sometimes a compromise lets you move on , ” he says .
“ Sometimes it ’s the first step down a slippery slope . ”
Reflections on life inside ( and outside ) an M.D. / Ph.D. Program
Bone fragments found near the wreckage of the plane flown by the adventurer Steve Fossett in the Sierra Nevada were confirmed to be his , officials said Monday .
A California forensics laboratory matched DNA found in the bones to that of Mr. Fossett , 63 , who took off from a northern Nevada ranch in a two - seat light plane on Sept. 3 , 2007 , and never returned .
Hundreds of planes and searchers on foot scoured 17,000 square miles in the most extensive search for a missing aircraft in American history for signs of Mr. Fossett or the aircraft .
Last month , a hiker in a remote area of the Inyo National Forest in east - central California came across some of Mr. Fossett ’s belongings , leading searchers to the crashed plane .
The bones that were tested were about a half - mile from the crash site , said Sheriff John P. Anderson of Madera County .
Image Steve Fossett in May 2006 .
Credit ...
Shawn Thew / European Pressphoto Agency
“ What his family has wanted for over a year now , what his family has needed , is closure , ” Sheriff Anderson said Monday in a statement .
Reports continue that as in previous elections ACORNS 's fraudulent voter registrations continue unabated :
Two suspicious Seminole County voter registration cards became a flash point Wednesday in the Republican effort to suggest the community group [ Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now ]
ACORN is committing fraud in its historic Florida get - out - the vote efforts .
( snip )
The Republican National Committee , though , levelled the accusation and blasted the housing and wage advocacy group in a nationwide conference call with reporters , saying this was n't an isolated incident .
In Orange County , ACORN staffers submitted multiple , duplicate registrations on behalf of six separate voters this summer .
One individual had 21 duplicate applications .
Election Supervisor Bill Cowles and his staff protested , noting in a June memo that ACORN had been submitting sloppy forms as well .
( snip )
ACORN has signed up 135,000 new Florida voters since January in just three counties : Orange , Broward and Miami - Dade .
That 's a fifth of all new voters .
More than 58 percent are Democrats , who now outnumber Republicans by almost 500,000 voters -- providing Barack Obama a potentially crucial edge in the neck - and - neck race in Florida .
ACORN 's voter - registration drives have come under fire from Republicans for being sloppy and allegedly fraudulent in North Carolina , Michigan , Missouri , New Mexico and Colorado , said Republican National Committee chief legal counsel Scott Cairncross .
Last night Senator Lindsay Graham said on Greta that in the proposed bailout a huge sum had been proposed for ACORN , which in addition to its role in vote fraud has been a prime mover in the benighted drive to get financing for home purchasers who would not qualify under existing lending practices .
The housing bailout which was just signed into law provides millions of dollars for ACORN as well as for La Raza , a key player in advocating for legalization of illegal immigrants .
ACORN 's history warrants a full fledged criminal investigation , not millions more of federal funds in this emergency bailout :
WASHINGTON , Sept 25 , 2008 / PRNewswire -USNewswire via COMTEX / -- James Terry , Chief Public Advocate for the Consumers Rights League , today testified at a joint House Administration and House Judiciary Committee oversight hearing on " Federal , State and Local Efforts to Prepare for the General 2008 Election , " where he highlighted " corruption at every level of ACORN including embezzlement , cover-ups , misuse of taxpayer funds and voter fraud . "
An excerpt of his testimony follows :
James Terry , Chief Public Advocate , Consumers Rights League :
" ACORN routinely says it will clean up its act .
Yet , given its decade - long history of voter fraud , embezzlement , and misuses of taxpayer funds , ACORN 's pattern of fraud can no longer be dismissed as a series of ' unfortunate events . '
" The problem of voter registration fraud raises serious questions for this committee , and the Consumers Rights League appreciates that the right questions are being asked .
" Here are the most important questions right now :
We know about the thousands of potentially fraudulent voter registration cards turned in by ACORN and caught by officials .
But given the size of ACORN 's efforts and the fact that the abuses appear to be systemic , we believe it is fair to question how many more fraudulent registrations have not been discovered , Furthermore , as this mega organization with a decades long history of violating the law is turned to get out the vote efforts , we believe it is fair to question how many fraudulent registrations may lead to fraudulent votes or what other activities they are willing to undertake to influence the election .
" These are serious questions , especially in light of recent election results which show that a just few votes can change the outcome of an election , the course of our country and the course of history .
" While we do not presume to tell this committee how to address this problem , we respectfully submit that our nation 's election system is facing a concerted campaign that raises serious issues that merit the committee 's oversight and attention . "
Dear friends :
Here are the contents of an email which was sent to me .
This concerns Obama 's pick for Secretary of State but it also concerns much more .
The bees are dying off in record numbers , particularly correlated to areas high in pesticide sprays .
Here comes Obama 's pick who loves to tout that stuff .
Without our bees , nature 's pollinators , basically it 's either we hand - fertilize our crops ( lotsa luck ) or we starve .
http://www.opednews.com/articles/Austrian-Government-Study-by-Institute-for-Resp-081115-414.html
Then there are the genetically modified crops , just recently proven in an Austrian study to cause reproductive harm .
Please spread word far and wide :
Copy this message to email , send it around , post it to the web , contact Obama and your friendly newspaper editors !
Please remind them ( Obama and the editors ) that organic food as an industry is booming and to choose a Secretary of State in favor of organic food would be profitable to the industries .
Plus , it 's not about what the politicians are about so much as what we the people are about :
Please remind Obama and his secretary of agriculture !
Thanks .
Tom Vilsack is being considered for the Secretary of Agriculture position in the Obama Administration .
Vilsack is a notorious cheerleader for genetically engineered crops and chemical and energy - intensive industrial agriculture -- certainly no friend of organic food and farming .
1 ) Contact the office of President - Elect Obama and urge him to appoint a Secretary of Agriculture that reflects your organic values
2 ) Call office of President - Elect Obama at 202-540-3000 and make sure your concerns about Vilsack be heard .
Reader John writes :
How many times do we have to hear :
We do n’t have ENOUGH MONEY to fix Social Security .
We do n’t have ENOUGH MONEY to fix Medicare .
We do n’t have ENOUGH MONEY to provide health care to ALL Americans .
We do n’t have ENOUGH MONEY to help out Americans losing their homes .
We do n’t have ENOUGH MONEY to help all our veterans returning from war .
We do n’t have ENOUGH MONEY to rescue “ no child left behind ” .
BUT …
We DO HAVE ENOUGH MONEY to bail out Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
We DO HAVE ENOUGH MONEY to bail out Bears Stearns .
We DO HAVE ENOUGH MONEY to bail out AIG .
We DO HAVE ENOUGH MONEY to pay for an unnecessary TRILLION DOLLAR war .
When the LITTLE GUY needs help , they scornfully say , “ GET A JOB ! ”
But when one of their BIG GUY CRONIES need a bailout , what do they say ?
SURE , NO PROBLEM .
Where ’s the checkbook ?
“ But what about the debt we ’re leaving on the backs of our childen and their future ? ”
“ Children ?
WHOSE Children ?
OUR children wo n’t have to pay for this .
YOUR children will . ”
The Republicans have had their hands in our pockets for well over 8 years .
Now they are robbing us blind IN BROAD DAYLIGHT and smiling about it !!!!
The Republicans have shown their true colors and now they expect us to vote them back into office ?
What ’s next ?
Should we bend over and spread ’em ?
Oh , I ’m sorry , but we ’ve ALREADY DONE THAT !!
SEVERAL TIMES !!!
Vote for REAL change this November .
VOTE BLUE
Home >
Issues
Dalai Lama's ' middle way ' leading nowhere by Peter Alford , The Australian , November 3 , 2008 Tokyo , Japan -- THE Dalai Lama has called his " middle way " approach to negotiating Tibetan autonomy with China a failure and says he will " remain completely neutral " in discussions among the Tibetan exiles and their international supporters to formulate a new policy .
The Dalai Lama , who is both Tibetan Buddhist spiritual leader and head of the government - in - exile , said in Tokyo yesterday that the human rights situation was deteriorating and that " this old nation with ancient culture ( is ) now dying " .
" Now I find my direct responsibility , dealing with the Chinese Government , I find very difficult , " he said .
In 1995 , the Dalai Lama wasgiven autonomy to deal with Beijing politically by a referendum among the exile communities .
" My trust towards the Chinese Government is thinner , thinner , thinner , " said the 73 - year - old leader , who appears to have recovered well from gallstone surgery in October .
His envoys have arrived in Beijing this week for an eighth round of talks in six years with Beijing officials , but the Dalai Lama 's comments suggest he expects nothing positive to emerge and that the talks will not resume again in the current form .
Insisting that he wanted only proper autonomy within China , not independence -- about half historical Tibet is administered as the Tibetan Autonomous Region by a local government effectively directed by a Beijing - appointed Communist Party branch secretary -- the Dalai Lama blamed Chinese authorities ' fear and ignorance for the deadlock .
The regional administration in Lhasa has been in the forefront of Chinese criticism of the " splittist " Dalai Lama , particularly since the March riots that began within the autonomous region but spread to other parts of the Tibetan Plateau .
" Our approach failed to bring some kind of positive change inside Tibet , so criticism ( among exiles ) is also increasing , " the Dalai Lama said .
He said that he did not want his opinions to obstruct discussions about a new approach to easing Tibetans ' oppression in their homeland : " So at the moment , now I remain completely neutral . "
The Tibetan government - in - exile , headquartered in Dharamsala , northern India , will meet on the questions in a fortnight and supporters from India , the US , Australia and Japan will join the debate at a further meeting in Delhi the following week .
" For the short term , for locally , the Tibet issue is hopeless .
If you look to the wider perspective , still hopeful , " the Dalai Lama said .
There was growing sympathy and support for the Tibetan cause among Chinese students and academics , and an increasing realisation worldwide of the ecological dimension of the problem .
The Dalai Lama is making the ecological threat to the Tibetan Plateau , sometimes called " the third Pole " , a new focus of his campaign .
He said he had been told the ice and snow melt on the plateau was more extensive than in the polar regions and that within 20 years the Indus River could run dry .
" There are many scientists telling us the Tibetan ecology is disturbed , " he said .
" The consequences face not only the six million Tibetan people but also a billion human beings , that is the whole northern India , with many lives depending on these rivers and also China and many Southeast Asian countries . "
The Tibetan leader said he was looking forward to retirement .
" Some people tell me it 's impossible the Dalai Lama retire .
I tell them my retirement is my human right -- since 16 years old I carried this responsibility in difficult circumstances , the darkest period of Tibetan history . "
Tough times for the financial services market does n't mean tough times for all of the software vendors that support them .
Open source trading platform software developer Marketcetera , in particular , sees an increasing number of opportunities for its technology .
Marketcetera is now rolling out new back office services for financial services users that leverage Marketcetera 's open source Automated Trading Platform .
The goal is to give traders an open platform that they can customize without being locked into a proprietary code base .
" It makes a whole lot of sense to provide an application platform for trading systems that is provided as open source , " Graham Miller , CEO of Marketcetera , told InternetNews.com .
" The primary advantage being organizations get the flexibility and control that they do n't have from proprietary solutions but do n't want high cost and time to market of completely custom solution . "
Marketcetera develops software on which organizations can build trading applications .
Financial services firms can build systems that enable traders and portfolio managers with real time market data as well as the ability to execute trades .
Miller noted that to date , Marketcetera has focused on the buy side of financial services with hedge funds and institutional investors .
As the result of a partnership with software integrator dbConcert , Marketcetera now is also able to service the sell side , which includes broker dealers .
Miller explained that Marketcetera can now offer sell side users visibility into order flow and back office integration .
The Marketcetera platform is licensed under the GPL open source license , which some in the technology market have seen as an element of risk .
Miller admitted that there is an education gap that needs to filled when it comes to open source and the GPL in the financial markets .
It is a gap that is getting to be less of an issue as open source become more tightly ingrained in the core of the US financial system .
Miller explained that Marketcetera was designed such that a hedge fund could use the technology and not be required to open source all of their secret trading algorithms .
Open Source in financial markets has gained more acceptance in recent years , in particular the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) currently runs Red Hat Enterprise Linux for its trading platform .
Miller noted that adoption of open source anywhere in the financial services stack is beneficial to Marketcetera , as it helps with exposure and education overall .
" It 's great for us to see Red Hat making inroads , " Miller said .
Beyond the education issues related to open source , Miller admitted that the Marketcetera platform has another challenge .
Currently , the platform requires a certain amount of technical proficiency to get up and running .
That 's where Marketcetera 's paid professional services come in to help .
However , a key goal for Marketcetera will be to make it easier to implement , since time to market for a trading system is a key decision factor for financial services .
Overall , Miller is of the opinion that in tougher economic times , open source can do better than proprietary competitors .
" The expectation is that people are looking to more closely align their costs with the value they derive from a solution , " Miller argued .
" Really the open source model does that better than a proprietary solution , where you 're paying an upfront fee before you even know if an implementation will work . "
While some see only debt and despair in the current economic crisis gripping Wall Street , Miller sees a silver lining in it for Marketcetera .
" We 're seeing organizations still willing to work on new systems , " Miller claimed .
" We 're seeing people leaving financial institutions like Lehman Brothers or Bear Stearns and starting new organization that need new installs .
We 're seeing a lot of opportunity in all this doom and gloom . "
This story is reprinted from Australian Macworld .
For more information about the Mac from a down - under perspective , visit macworld.com.au .
The disappearance of Apple - related advertisements from Google 's AdWords service has Australian resellers fearing online sales leads will evaporate as Apple strengthens its own local retail presence and clamps down on other companies using its trademarks .
David Macintosh , of Ultimo , Sydney based Apple reseller MacToFront , raised the alarm after noticing that sponsored links incorporating Apple terms no longer display any results on Google search pages – except for links to Apple 's own sites .
Macintosh was subsequently informed by Google that three more of MacToFront 's ads have been suspended " pending revision " .
The suspended ads read :
Discount Macs
Lowest prices on Apple computers
Fast delivery , Australia wide !
store.mactofront.com.au
Sydney Apple Reseller
Lowest prices on Apple computers
Fast delivery , Australia wide !
store.mactofront.com.au
Online Mac Sales
Lowest prices on Apple computers
Fast delivery , Australia wide !
store.mactofront.com.au
Google 's e-mail requested that MacToFront remove the words " Apple " and " Mac " from its ads — a request that has Macintosh wondering how he 's supposed to sell Apple products .
" Last time I looked , I was an Apple Authorised Reseller , " he argues , " and hence should be able to promote their wares — which includes their logo and trademarks .
It seems that I am now restricted to using generic terms such as ' laptops ' , ' desktops ' and ' MP4 players ' . "
" How is an Apple Authorised Reseller to harness the power of the internet to allow people to find an alternative , " he continues , calling the move " the next nail in the coffin for independent Apple resellers now that Apple now has a US retail presence in Australia . "
Google Australia spokesperson Rob Shilkin confirmed the company does have procedures in place by which trademark holders can block other companies from using their trademarks in AdWords .
" Australian businesses can have their trademarked terms monitored by Google by submitting a trademark complaint for investigation , " Shilkin explained .
" As soon as a complaint is made , we investigate quickly and can then stop use of that trademark as a keyword or as text in the ad going forward . " ( more information on the process is available here ) .
Apple and Mac are n't the only keywords affected : Australian Macworld investigations confirmed that a Google search on ' ipod ' produced no advertising links except a link to the Official iPod Store .
MacToFront 's name did still appear atop the list of ads that appeared during searches for ' nano ' and ' time capsule ' .
A search for ' Leopard ' returned no advertising , while ' Mac OS X ' returned just one Mac support job - related link .
Macintosh is n't the only reseller noticing a change in Apple 's relationship with Google .
Another reseller , who asked not to be named , said he had begun advertising with AdWords in the past few months but noticed recently that the company 's price per AdWords clickthrough had gone up from $ 0.80 per click to $ 13.50 ( Aus ) .
" We are an Apple reseller but our key focus is on the support side of things , and in particular the iPhone , " he said .
" Because we operate in a fairly niche area , Yellow is n't really going to do anything for us — and we though that Google might .
We 'd like to be able to put ' iPhone ' in our ads as it's key to our business , but we can 't .
Paying $ 13.50 per click is just pathetic , especially when you do n't even know if it 's not just someone stuffing around . "
Apple Australia did not respond to requests for comment .
[ NOTE : $ 1 Australian is about $ 0.81 U.S. ]
This story , " Apple clamps down on Google AdWords " was originally published by CIO .
: : : : : : : : : :
It has been noted recently that , for a foreigner , I was pretty much fired up and passionate about the American Presidential elections .
I asked myself , why do I care that much ?
And the answer on that is fairly easy .
When you are restricted from really participating , like voting or actually donating to , or working for a campaign , you have to rely on others to do what you consider would be the right thing .
I do n’t like that , like I do not like riding shotgun in a car or sitting in an airplane at the mercy of the driver ’s or pilot ’s competence .
And I am not alone .
Out there in European newspapers , there are people who say it so much better than I can .
Like George Monbiot in yesterday ’s Guardian .
He gives voice to one of the specifics in American politics that , like him , I can not get my head around :
How was it allowed to happen ?
How did politics in the US come to be dominated by people who make a virtue out of ignorance ?
Was it charity that has permitted mankind ’s closest living relative to spend two terms as president ?
How did Sarah Palin , Dan Quayle and other such gibbering numbskulls get to where they are ?
How could Republican rallies in 2008 be drowned out by screaming ignoramuses insisting that Barack Obama was a Muslim and a terrorist ?
( read more )
Will it be that way next Tuesday ?
Will the anti-intellectuals prevail once again ?
Sorry , but to be blunt :
A borderline senile and a borderline imbecile joining forces to run the most powerful nation there is , has me in panic mode .
Not only me .
There is Mark Steel over at The Independent who has the jitters as well :
McCain could announce he ’d bomb Argentina for being too near the start of the alphabet , flash at Oprah Winfrey shouting “ Hey Joe the plumber , there ’s ONE waterworks that does n’t need fixing ” during the national anthem , reveal he was chairman of a company that ’s been selling teddy bears that turn out to be stuffed with petrol - soaked semtex , and admit he did n’t go to Vietnam at all but spent the whole war in the bath .
And the following day we ’d hear that a string of gaffes had caused Obama ’s lead to climb to SIX per cent .
( read more )
He has a point has n’t he ?
I ’m visiting Real Clear Politics like fifty times a day .
I ’m preferring that Republican leaning site just because I do not want to get my hopes up too high .
On the other hand Daniel Finkelstein – The Times – has everything wrapped up and tells Republicans the stark truth about their impending unimportance .
He compares November 5 , 2008 with the day after Tony Blair ’s landslide victory in 1997 :
There was a feeling of euphoria in Britain that morning , a feeling of freshness and change .
Even people who had n’t voted for Blair were caught up in it .
Many of them wished that they had , and his poll rating soared .
Much of the good feeling about new Labour was generated in the months after their landslide , oddly , rather than in the months before it .( read more )
This makes me feel slightly better .
After all , the conservatives ’ predictions have been more right all those years than mine .
My wishes for a President Gore and then a President Kerry have n’t been granted .
To be honest , it has never been good news for a candidate , if I supported the guy .
Mine tended to lose .
On to the Economist , they are really good at analysis , every time .
They say McCain ’s campaign was looking doomed .
JOHN MCCAIN has survived against long odds before .
But , despite a stubborn televised interview on Sunday October 26th , in which he touted a poll showing him just a few points behind Barack Obama in the race for the White House , soon he may have to tape up his windows to keep out bad news .
Pollster.com , a website that aggregates poll results , suggests that the Republican is now behind Mr Obama by an average of just over seven percentage points .
Other pollsters give Mr Obama a slightly smaller lead .
Intrade , a betting website , indicates that those risking money on the election result believe that the Democrat has nearly a 90 % chance of victory next week .
( read more )
But , but have they ever heard of rigged elections ?
No , this is not comforting at all .
And then , there are the Chinese zodiac signs .
Maybe most impressing is Simon Heffer in The Telegraph .
He grudgingly and moodily writes about the time when Obama will be President .
He does n’t like it , but then – it will most probably happen .
One can find two kinds of voters in this great city in the week before the presidential election ; those Democrats who can see no possibility of defeat for Barack Obama next Tuesday , and those who wake with a jolt at 4 am imagining he has lost , and feeling in their bowels the fear that something might happen in the next few days to stop the saviour of the United States from fulfilling his mission .
I have yet to find a Republican , despite this being the city that returned Rudy Giuliani twice as mayor .
But then it is hard to find anyone in the city that gave Hillary Clinton a big victory in February in the New York state primary who will now not admit to being a dyed - in - the - wool Obamamaniac .
The fat lady has yet to sing , but , as far as New Yorkers are concerned , the show is over already .
( read more )
I am still as nervous as a long - tailed cat in a room full of rockers , but I am confident I am not alone in this .
There is a Global Electoral College in the Economist and as far as I can see , my anxiety is shared by many .
Citigroup is trying to combat the effects of the credit crunch US bank Citigroup has announced plans for about 52,000 new job cuts , on top of 23,000 cuts already made this year .
Citigroup said the 75,000 job cuts represented a reduction of about 20 % of its staff , leaving it with 300,000 jobs worldwide " in the near term " .
The cuts will come from redundancies , the sale of units and natural wastage , the bank said .
Citigroup has lost more than $ 20 bn ( £ 13.6 bn ) in the past year because of the global financial crisis .
It has reported four straight quarterly losses and some analysts believe the bank will not make a profit again until 2010 .
Of the 52,000 job losses , about half are understood to be accounted for already , with the previously announced sale of Citigroup 's German retail banking business and an Indian outsourcing operation .
Citigroup is expected to cut the remaining 25,000 jobs by the first half of 2009 .
Citigroup declined to comment on the cuts .
Turnaround plan Certainly [ the job cuts ] will fall particularly heavily on London and New York
Win Bischoff , Citigroup chairman
Citigroup boss shows his mettle " Underlying business remains strong and revenues have been stable , " the bank said .
Citigroup also said its capital position was " very strong " .
The bank expects its expenses to be down 20 % from peak levels , to about $ 50bn in 2009 , after the job cuts have taken effect .
" Certainly [ the job cuts ] will fall particularly heavily on London and New York , " Citigroup chairman Win Bischoff said at a business forum in Dubai .
Citigroup 's chief executive Vikram Pandit has come under pressure from critics who have doubted his ability to turn around the company and weather the financial crisis .
Shares in Citigroup dropped 6.2 % .
They are down almost 70 % in value this year .
Economy in trouble Citigroup , one of the largest US banks , is one of nine financial institutions benefiting from the US government 's bail - out programme .
The Treasury announced last month that it would be providing cash injections worth $ 125 bn to be shared between Citigroup , JP Morgan Chase , Bank of America , Goldman Sachs , Morgan Stanley , Wells Fargo , Bank of New York Mellon , State Street and Merrill Lynch .
" The news of job cuts is one more indication that the economy is in a very difficult shape right now , " said Ernie Ankrim , chief investment strategist for Russell Investment Group .
Portfolio manager Walter Todd at Greenwood Capital Associates said : " If the past is any guide , Wall Street overshoots in terms of hiring and then overshoots when it 's time to cut jobs .
" But it 's not clear if the past is any guide here .
It 's a moving target , because the markets and the economy are in flux , " he added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Twitter has their own method for displaying your Twitter status on your website but they rely on Twitter - hosted scripts and generally hold up the page load .
That ’s why i would like to showcase some of the best tutorials and WordPress plugins that will display your twitter status on your blog or website .
Also you will find high quality twitter icons to spice up your status area .
Below , we present 20 Brilliant Twitter Status Design Tutorials , beautiful twitter icons & WP Plugins to display your twitter status easily .
You might be interested to check this amazing collection of 25 Useful Twitter Tools and Firefox Plugins
I ’ve been enjoying the Twitter thing more and more lately .
Here is my Twitter page nourayehia if anyone wants to follow .
1. Customizing Twitter Status on Your Blog
Put twitter on your website with tweet ! , an unobtrusive javascript plugin for jquery .
Features includes : will not slow down or pause your page while tweets are loading , display up to 100 tweets , optionally display your avatar , automatic linking of URLs and many more …
Demo can be found here .
Download it here
A simple , unobtrusive and customisable client - side method for easily embedding a Twitter feed into a web page .
The plugin is based on the Twitter Badge Customizer .
Demo can be found here .
Download it here
Twitter offers an API which you can use to pull information from twitter for your own uses .
Even easier , they offer a little javascript widget which automatically uses this API and returns simple HTML of your recent tweets .
This tutorial covers the design in Photoshop , to including the javascript stuff provided by Twitter to the markup , to the CSS to style the page .
Here is CSS - Tricks Video Screencast takes you through the creation of simple webpage to display your recent ‘ Tweets ’ from Twitter from start to finish .
This covers the design in Photoshop , to including the javascript stuff provided by Twitter to the markup , to the CSS to style the page .
Demo can be found here .
Download files here
One of the best ways to carry out RSS to Twitter involved a Jabber bot package for Ruby .
Not too many people have access to a Ruby - enabled server so here is a simple PHP script to get the job done .
Download files here
How to create a Twitter mascot for your blog or website .
$ username = %u201Ctimestocome%u201D ; $ tweets = fetch_rss (%u2019http://twitter.com/statuses/user_timeline/%u2019.$username.%u2019.rss%u2019); foreach ( $ tweets - > items as $ tweet ) { print % u201C < hr >%u201D ; $ twit = % u201D %u201C.substr( strstr( $ tweet [ ' description ' ] , %u2019 : %u2018 ) , 2 , strlen ( $ tweet [ ' description ' ] ) ) .%u201D %u201C ; $ link = $ tweet [ ' link ' ] ; // hack around php null == 0 ugh !
$ xtwit = %u201Cx%u201D .
$ twit ; $ mark = strpos ( $ xtwit , %u201 Chttp://%u201D
) ; if ( $ mark > 0 ) { // we have a link in our tweet perhaps more than one $l = substr ( $ xtwit , $ mark , strlen ( $ xtwit ) ) ; $l = substr ( $ l , 0 , strpos ( $l , % u201D %u201D ) ) ; $ full_link = %u201C < a href=\%u201D$l\%u201D>$l</a>%u201D
; $ xtwit = str_replace ( $l , $ full_link , $ xtwit ) ; $ xtwit = substr ( $ xtwit , 1 , strlen ( $ xtwit ) ) ; print % u201C < br ><p>$xtwit < a href= \%u201D$link\%u201D >#</a></p>%u201D ; }else { print % u201C < br><p>$ twit < a href=\%u201D$link\%u201D >#</a></p>%u201D ; } $ time = $ tweet [ ' pubdate ' ] ; $ time = substr ( $ time , 0 , strlen ( $ time ) - 6 ) ; print % u201D $ time % u201 C ; }
An extended version of the Twitter website .
Your own profile information is added , tweets from friends and a couple of random followers .
Just check out the demonstration .
Demo can be found here .
Download it here
2. WordPress Twitter Plugins
Twitter for WordPress displays yours latest tweets in your WordPress blog .
If you use WordPress widgets , just drag the widget into your sidebar and configure .
If widgets are not your thing , use the following code to display your public Twitter messages :
<?php twitter_messages (" username " ) ; ?>
Download files here
This plugin allows you to pull in an rss feed from your twitter account and display it on your site .
Download files here
Twitter Tools is a plugin that creates a complete integration between your WordPress blog and your Twitter account .
Download files here
Submits a user definable tweet to your twitter account notifying any twitter followers or friends that a new blog entry has been published on your blog ( or an existing published entry has been edited ) .
Supports inclusion of a permalink to your blog posting in the tweet .
Download files here
A widget that properly handles twitter feeds , including parsing @username and URLs into links .
Requires PHP5 .
Download files here
The Twitter Updater automatically sends a Twitter status update to your Twitter account when you create , publish , or edit your WordPress post .
You can specify the text for the updates , and also have the option to turn the auto update on / off for the different post actions in the admin panel .
Download files here
3. Twitter Icons & Buttons
31 twitter logos and buttons .
A nice collection of twitter icons and twitter bird for using on Blogs .
A free Illustration , beautifully made by < a href = " http://darkmotion.com/ "
>Pasquale D’Silva , and a couple of Icons which you can use for your twitter status sections of your site .
The file is a transparent background PNG , so can easily be imported and scaled into any design .
Free twitter icons for your website or blog .
The icons are available in resolutions 64×64 px , 128×128px and 256×256 px , in 32 - bit transparency PNG .
The icons are available in resolutions 64×64 px , 128×128px and 256×256 px , in 32 - bit transparency PNG .
Free hand drawn doodle icons
Now to check some really interesting twitter status designs compiled from some great websites out there , just visit this amazing post .
( CNN ) -- Sen .
John McCain stepped up his rhetoric against his Democratic rival on taxes in his weekly radio address Saturday , comparing his plan to " socialist " programs .
The remarks were part of a theme McCain has used since the final presidential debate , but his most recent comments were the first time he used the word to describe Sen. Barack Obama .
In the radio address , McCain did n't directly call Obama a socialist , but he let the now - famous Joe " the Plumber " Wurzelbacher nearly do it for him .
" You see , [ Obama ] believes in redistributing wealth , not in policies that help us all make more of it .
Joe , in his plainspoken way , said this sounded a lot like socialism , " McCain said Saturday .
Watch McCain blast Obama »
In an interview with ABC last week , Wurzelbacher said Obama 's proposal to raise taxes by 3 percent on those making $ 250,000 and over is a " very socialist view . "
Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin has used the word in speeches the past two days as well .
Watch more on the state of the presidential race »
McCain also said in his radio address , " At least in Europe , the socialist leaders who so admire my opponent are up front about their objectives .
They use real numbers and honest language .
And we should demand equal candor from Sen. Obama .
Raising taxes on some in order to give checks to others is not a tax cut ; it 's just another government giveaway . "
On the campaign trail Saturday in Concord , North Carolina , he added that Americans have seen sharing the wealth in other countries before .
But he quoted Obama as saying he wants to " spread the wealth around . "
Fact Check : Did Obama say he would " spread the wealth around " ?
" Spread the wealth around .
We have seen that movie before in other countries and attempts by the liberal left before , " McCain said .
In his speech , McCain also said , " This explains some big problems with my opponent 's claim that he will cut income taxes for 95 percent of Americans .
You might ask , how do you cut income taxes for 90 percent of Americans when more than 40 percent pay no income taxes right now ?
" How do you reduce the number zero ?
That 's the key to Barack Obama 's whole plan :
Since you can't reduce taxes on those who pay zero , the government will write them all checks called a tax credit .
And the Treasury will have to cover those checks by taxing other people .
...
The Obama tax increase would come at the worst possible time for America . "
Asked why McCain used the word " socialist " in the radio remarks , a spokesman said , " That 's what it is .
' Spreading the wealth ' around is socialism . "
In a July interview with the Kansas City Star , McCain said Obama had the " most extreme " record in the Senate .
He said in a comment he has since repeated on the trail , " his voting record ... is more to the left than the announced socialist in the United States Senate , Bernie Sanders of Vermont . "
Pressed on whether he considered Obama a socialist , McCain shrugged and said , " I do n't know . "
Obama hit back against the McCain campaign 's accusations Saturday in Missouri and said the Republican nominee was ignoring the needs of America 's middle class .
" John McCain is so out of touch with the struggles you are facing that he must be the first politician in history to call a tax cut for working people ' welfare , ' " Obama told a massive crowd under the famous St. Louis arch .
" The only ' welfare ' in this campaign is John McCain 's plan to give another $ 200 billion in tax cuts to the wealthiest corporations in America . "
Watch large crowds rally for Obama »
" George Bush and John McCain are out of ideas , they are out of touch , and if you stand with me , in 17 days they 'll be out of time , " Obama added to wild applause .
The Obama campaign said police in St. Louis estimated the crowd size at 100,000 people .
Watch large crowds rally for Obama »
In remarks this week , Palin referred to Obama 's encounter with " Joe the Plumber " in Ohio on Sunday .
At a rally Friday in West Chester , Ohio , where one banner in the crowd read , " Obama is a Socialist / Marxist , " Palin said , " Joe suggested that that sounded a little bit like socialism .
Whatever you call it , I call it bad medicine for an ailing economy , and it's what Barack Obama will do to those who want to create jobs , and we 're willing to call Barack Obama on it . "
Palin invoked Wurzelbacher again Saturday , needling Obama for having a " staged photo - op " interrupted by a voter asking him a question about taxes .
" So when he left Joe 's neighborhood in Toledo , our opponent did n't look real happy , " Palin , speaking in Pennsylvania , said of Obama .
" Seems that the staged photo - op there got ruined by a real person 's question . "
" So here 's a guy working -- standing there in his neighborhood when a candidate for president shows up , and he wanted more than just a handshake and a campaign button .
He wanted some answers . "
A similar thing happened to Palin on September 27 in Philadelphia at one of her own photo - ops .
Temple graduate student Michael Rovito approached the governor at a cheesesteak shop to ask her opinions on cross - border raids into Pakistan to hunt terrorists .
Palin told Rovito that the United States should " absolutely " attack within Pakistan to stop terrorists , a position at odds with McCain's .
The remark was picked up by a network camera crew and caused a headache for the GOP ticket .
Staffers were forced to explain the two candidates ' apparently conflicting views on national television days later .
Palin arrived in New York on Saturday afternoon and headed to NBC headquarters at Rockefeller Center for rehearsals before making her much - anticipated debut on " Saturday Night Live . "
CNN 's Steve Brusk , Tasha Diakides , Peter Hamby , Ed Hornick , Sasha Johnson and Alexander Marquardt contributed to this report .
All About John McCain • Barack Obama • Sarah Palin
Colbert : NSA needs its ' freaky three - way calling ' David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Thursday October 16 , 2008
Print This Email This
The revelation last week that the National Security Agency has routinely been listening to the personal phone calls of American soldiers , journalists , and aid workers abroad has led to fresh calls for government surveillance to be reined in .
Comedy Central 's Stephen Colbert , however , was certain in his mock - pundit persona that " the terrorists are still out there plotting our destruction on the phone -- especially during free nights and weekends . "
Colbert complained that the leaders of the Senate Intelligence and Judiciary Committees who have opened investigations of the new charges " think we 're supposed to listen only to suspected terrorists .
But it 's a lot easier to listen to Americans -- they speak English .
Duh . "
Colbert then introduced Tonight 's Word : Freaky Three - way Calling .
Commenting on claims that NSA intercept operators had passed phone sex calls between soldiers and their spouses around the office like email jokes , Colbert insisted " this is exactly what the NSA should be monitoring . "
" When people are having sex , " Colbert explained , " they let their bar down .
You can learn a lot about a person by which god's name they cry out right before they ' visit the holy land . ' "
" Besides , " noted Colbert , " listening to phone sex is a valuable tool in the war on terror -- if you know how to interpret it . "
Suggesting that tapping the right phone sex call might even catch bin Laden , Colbert concluded , " I say to those opponents of warrantless wiretapping who ask , ' Where does the government get off listening to my private conversations ? '
You just got your answer .
They 're getting off at the NSA . "
This video is from Comedy Central 's The Colbert Report , broadcast October 15 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
READER COMMENTS ON
" RNC Cuts Out Middleman , Issues Verbatim Fox ' News ' Transcript as Press Release "
( 39 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/8/2008 @ 5:37 pm PT ...
Well Steve Douchie said that poor people should n't be allowed to vote anyway , right ?
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Mugzi said on 10/8/2008 @ 8:39 pm PT ...
Where are the state attorneys in these fiascos ???
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/9/2008 @ 5:08 am PT ...
They 've got your shirt now 99 [ It was only a matter of time .... -- 99 ]
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Terminator said on 10/9/2008 @ 5:55 am PT ...
Acorn 's paid to sign up a specific quota of people a day / week / month .
If it 's all the same to you , I 'd rather not have incoherent crackheads voting .
And # 1. absolutely right , if someone is living on welfare or foodstamps , they have no right voting .
It 's only fair .
My BA and MBA are paid by me and no financial aid .
I live off Raman noodles somedays .
I do n't ask for public assistance and I do n't have kids I can't support because I 'm an American .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/9/2008 @ 6:45 am PT ...
It appears that you might not be an American , dood : National Voting Rights Act of 1965 ( 42 U.S.C. § 1973 –1973 aa - 6 ) [ 1 ] outlawed discriminatory voting practices that had been responsible for the widespread disenfranchisement of African Americans in the United States .
Echoing the language of the 15th Amendment , the Act prohibited states from imposing any " voting qualification or prerequisite to voting , or standard , practice , or procedure ... to deny or abridge the right of any citizen of the United States to vote on account of race or color . " [ 2 ]
Specifically , Congress intended the Act to outlaw the practice of requiring otherwise qualified voters to pass literacy tests in order to register to vote , a principal means by which southern states had prevented African - Americans from exercising the franchise .
[ 3 ]
The Act established extensive federal oversight of elections administration , providing that states with a history of discriminatory voting practices ( so - called " covered jurisdictions " ) could not implement any change affecting voting without first obtaining the approval of the Department of Justice , a process known as pre-clearance .
These enforcement provisions applied to states and political subdivisions ( mostly in the South ) that had used a " device " to limit voting and in which less than 50 percent of the population was registered to vote in 1964 .
Congress has amended and extended the Act several times since its original passage , the most recent being the 25 - year extension signed by President George W. Bush on July 27 , 2006 .
Link
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Carole Malisiak said on 10/9/2008 @ 6:56 am PT ...
The Republican Fixed News network , RFN : Fony news for partisans .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 10/9/2008 @ 8:40 am PT ...
I hear on Fox , Uncle Sam needs volunteers to stop the Afghanistan crack production .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... gr8 lakesgrl said on 10/9/2008 @ 9:32 am PT ...
Hi Brad , I 'm a first time visitor , found you via a search for raw story .
They are down again .
Any news ?
Thanks !
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 10/9/2008 @ 9:56 am PT ...
gr8 lakesgrl ,
You might try proxy.org , cause RawStory is not down ( as in their http server being down . )
Also you might have to cut and paste several times to find a good proxy .
About three times is what it usually takes me .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Terminator said on 10/9/2008 @ 10:58 am PT ...
# 5 . How on Earth does that refute what I said ?
I said " crackheads " it does n't matter to me what race they are .
Crackheads are more prone to vote for Obama .
Second , Obama is not BLACK .
He 's mixed .
You immediately associated the term " crackhead " as having something to do with race ?
It seems to me that 's the racist position to be taking .
It 's splattered all over the news today that ACORN officials in Ohio have admitted to fraudulent procedures .
I registered to vote by going to my local municipal facilities .
They are offered in every town across the nation .
ACORN is an idiotic waste of taxpayer money .
And that 's the scary thing .
Years before ACORN , people knew how to register .
So now , we send ACORN out to people who virtually have all the time in the world to go sign up to vote ( since they do n't work ) , we pay ACORN to do this , and fund the stupidest jobs known to man ...
Two conclusions can be drawn here : a. ) those voters are lazy .
b. ) those voters are stupid .
In either case , I 'd prefer them not having a voice on selecting the next leader of the free world .
Has nothing to do with race .
Has to do with my intolerance of idiocy and laziness .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... hANOVER fIST said on 10/9/2008 @ 11:32 am PT ...
COMMENT # 10 " Crackheads are more prone to vote for Obama . "
What the hell are you on , bro ?
Crackheads voting ?
That 's truly revolutionary ... how did you come up with this theory ?
I 'd really love to hear more .
Obama not Black ... I guess you 've never heard of the " One Drop " rule .
Are you willing to state that you do n't believe that voter disenfranchisement exists ?
That has NOTHING whatsoever to do with being " lazy or stupid " ; rather , it has to do with turning up at a polling station , and the poll worker telling you that YOU CAN'T VOTE .
Even a guy eating Ramen noodles can grasp that .
And your MBA ?
You can wipe your tuchis with that - an MBA is the most USELESS DEGREE IN EXISTENCE .
I 'll tell you why .
No two businesses are the same , and it takes someone who know how certain industries are run to make a business flourish .
I 've seen too many instances ( many in PERSON ) where some douchebag with an MBA comes in , changes a bunch of rules ( the 1st rule in every idiot manager 's handbook is to CHANGE SOME RULES ) , and then good employees get disgruntled , they quit , and the business GOES TO HELL .
All because some douchebag with an MBA thinks that ANY BUSINESS CAN BE RUN LIKE ANY BUSINESS .
So ... just look in the mirror , pal ... and say to yourself , " I 'm barely one step on the evolutionary ladder above a crackhead , so maybe I should keep my stupid mouth shut . "
Now ... back to the subject at hand - you 're comfortable with propaganda obfuscated as NEWS ?
That 's your ten - dollar word for the day .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... GoLeftTV said on 10/9/2008 @ 12:10 pm PT ...
Mike Papantonio of GoLeft TV did a great analysis of the debate coverage here - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Xvb_gtkqg8
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 10/9/2008 @ 12:55 pm PT ...
Terminator c.) Those voters are Citizens .
ACORN reaches out to people who feel so powerless it does n't even occur to them to vote , and people so consumed by the effort to " put food on their family " and a roof over their heads they do n't get to it .
Some of them may be stupid , and some of them may be lazy , but most of them are just struggling their asses off to survive .
In the United States of America struggling one 's ass off to survive comes with ALL the rights and obligations as those born on third base and think they hit a home run .
Equals .
Look it up .
So Floridiot has a point the size of Jupiter .
You ai n't no American , and he could hardly be blamed for thinking you are racist since you 're using all the code .
Everyone
The Republicans are desperate and they will be doing and saying all kinds of trash .
I imagine it 's going to be so ugly by election day I will be ready to shoot myself , so PLEASE do your best to keep it from getting out of hand .
Thank you .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/9/2008 @ 1:07 pm PT ...
MBA ( in his case ) Mouth Breathing A_______ .
Democracy
Now has a good show today
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Terminator said on 10/9/2008 @ 2:48 pm PT ...
# 13 . Those " citizens " ( like dead people and made up names ) can walk to the local municipal buildings like this one did .
They are n't too proud to whip out a link card , are they ?
( Food stamps )
They are n't too proud or embarrassed to cash a welfare check , are they ?
They do n't feel so powerless in terms of walking into a welfare office to apply for their share of aid under the state programs to help them , do they ?
But those same folks are too " powerless " to fill our a simple application and go to the polling stations and take responsibility for their own rights ?
Are you serious !?
Next - the MBA blather out of you all is meaningless .
I havea four year degree and I am obtaining an MBA .
The point was not where its going to get me or how much money I will make .
The point is that it takes work , it takes my own money to pay for the education , and ITS MY CHOICE TO DO IT .
Nobody else owes me an education .
I do it all alone .
Understand the bigger picture now ?
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 10/9/2008 @ 3:27 pm PT ...
Say , Mr. MBA , has it ever occurred to you that if more of the economically disadvantaged --- aka most of us --- voted that we'd have a better country , with more opportunity for everybody , even you ?
It 's clear you can't even see the bigger picture , let alone understand it , and it's also clear you do n't mind spewing your greedy , unAmerican , wrath in public .
You did NOT do it all alone .
It took luck to even get the chance for that education about which you brag and I 'm beginning to doubt you have .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 10/9/2008 @ 3:38 pm PT ...
Wilburrr ...
Perhaps if a few more " Crackheads " ( like bush ) voted in 2000 we would not be in the Fuckin financial mess the republicans ( 1929 ) put us in ...
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Terminator said on 10/9/2008 @ 4:29 pm PT ...
Yeah # 16 that 's generally what a lazy person says .
Was it luck that cost me $ 80 K for all of this education ?
How incredibly lucky for me !
Making huge payments per month , cutting off entertainment expenses , vacations , etc. was just too easy for me !
Is it luck that keeps me working 50 - 60 hours a week for a job that knows I will fulfill my daily responsibilities regardless of a headache I might have , or a slight cold , or how tired I may be ?
How incredibly lucky for me !
Is it luck that keeps me up until 3 am in front of my computer submitting term papers , studying for final exams , and taking a quick sip of diet coke to sever the extreme nausea one gets from that kind of exhaustion ?
How incredibly lucky for me !
Voting Obama gets us a promise of 40 % of taxpayers who do n't pay tax as it is getting a welfare check once a year .
Then it gets us a promise of slight tax cuts to some of us all wrapped up as part of a trillion dollar spending spree he has planned .
When businesses and corporations are taxed more than their already 35 % that is driving them to other countries now , they do two things to fix it : a . )
They raise the costs of goods and services to compensate for it . b. )
They cut payroll , they toss out the idea of new jobs , the cut hours on current employees , and even cut jobs altogether !
Both scenarios affect whom ?
THE PEOPLE LIVING ON " MAIN STREET ! " that is who !
Are the alleged " tax cuts " going to compensate for the increases in gas , services , and goods that will be imposed on us ?
Will the welfare checks account for " Main Street " Americans who will lose their jobs ?
I certainly hope so , and I am thrilled you think so .
Because if you really do believe that then you could never be the type of person who knows what it 's like to use the free opportunity this country offers and your own efforts to work harder regardless of your background to better yourself .
It takes courage , it takes sacrifice , and it does n't come easy .
You are one of the many who think Government is going to hand these things to you .
They 're going to come easy because college , homes , money , food are " rights " that you have because you live here .
It never crosses your mind that these are things we have to work for .
That 's why you support Obama taking $ 1 Trillion out of the economy now .
That 's why you 'll allow him to assign you with a certain amount of health care and welfare .
You 're a number to him and your worth to him will never change .
It 's why you support Obama and Biden using their big - government minds and hearts to establish matters which belong in the prerogatives of the American people .
The difference between you and I is not that one of us is rich and one of us is poor , it 's that I have what it takes to use my own fishing pole to reel in as much of that pie as I desire while you 'll gladly stand in line for your cut of Obama 's metaphorical whale hand - out .
In the end , I belong to myself and you may as well have " PROPERTY OF OBAMA GOVERNMENT " tattooed on your back side .
Be a man .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 10/9/2008 @ 4:42 pm PT ...
Was it luck that cost me $ 80 K for all of this education ?
Yes .
It was absolutely luck .
That you could get the job or the loan that allowed you to work so hard , that you were born into a situation where these were even within your grasp ....
What in the fuck makes you think there are n't millions as enterprising , energetic and even smarter than you who would n't give limbs for your LUCK ?
And , uh , I 'll pass on the man part , okay ?
Even if I were inclined , I can't afford the operation .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 10/9/2008 @ 5:02 pm PT ...
So ... not just unAmerican , but an ingrate , too .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 10/9/2008 @ 5:07 pm PT ...
And what makes you think poor people want government to hand them things ?
Just your resentment and ingratitude about forking over a small part of your income so that others do n't starve ?
You and your ilk have made a cutthroat society full of crime .
It does NOT have to be this way .
When the middle class is big enough , there is hugely less crime .
When the society , the government and the social leaders , work for everyone 's benefit , everyone 's benefitting .
Everyone includes you , too , unfortunately .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Terminator said on 10/9/2008 @ 6:04 pm PT ...
Agent , you are lying !
Moreover ; you have no idea what you are talking about .
The " poor people " have financial aid to turn to , pell grants and Stafford Loans .
YES THEY DO !
The " poor people " can obtain student loans like I did .
YOU CANNOT BE TURNED DOWN for federal loans UNLESS AND ONLY UNLESS you are in default of a previous student loan .
The problem comes in when students going to school on Financial Aid do n't take their education seriously because they did n't have to pay for it like I have to pay for mine .
It 's funny you keep going with the " luck " stick as if there were some spotlight of privelege shining over my head .
I am not privileged financially or with intelligence .
WE AGREE on that point .
The only difference is you use it to insult while I use it to point out that no potential in this country is stronger than they other .
You can be the smartest man in the world , but if you 're not going to utilize efforts to help yourself , it 's pointless and a waste .
It 's like using the sharpest knife in the kitchen drawer to slice jelly .
But in the end , you 'll make excuses to feel better about the kind of life you are leading .
We both know the truth though , and it only makes my point of your weakness .
I can take your lies and keep moving forward with my life , but it only holds you in the same place you are today much like every other sad excuse you could ever come up with .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 10/9/2008 @ 6:35 pm PT ...
Terminator ~ Whatdya want a medal
You musta been craving someone 's approval
Ok ~ Now Ya got it !
Now Whatta are ya gonna do with it chief ?
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 10/9/2008 @ 7:27 pm PT ...
It 's true , Ed , that some guys think they deserve a medal for taking advantage of the opportunities that have come their way , or they 've been lucky enough to scare up for themselves .
They just do not grok that life is at least this hard for everyone else , and so we 're not inclined to reward them on top of the rewards they already enjoy .
My cousin has an MBA , that my uncle bought for him , and it got him a job repairing pay phones .
Seems the Terminator , here , got himself a job at a shill mill with his .
Both of them fantastically lucky to have gotten that far in life ; neither , unfortunately , even aware that at least three billion people out there are stupidly and lazily living on under two dollars a day because they did not have the luck to land where our MBAs did .
They seem only to be aware of the growing multitudes of fellow citizens who require food stamps to eat at all , and the only way they seem to be able to think to help alleviate this problem is to blame those who , for whatever reason --- through bad luck , bad timing , laziness , stupidity , just plain circumstances beyond their control , whatever --- find themselves scrambling to stay alive .
And then when you point to the error in their thinking , they accuse you of lying .
Fucking inconceivable laziness of mind !
Breathtaking in fact .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Terminator said on 10/9/2008 @ 8:52 pm PT ...
Bamboo , how can you ask that after reading what I just said ?
I am not privileged financially or with intelligence .
WE AGREE on that point .
The only difference is you use it to insult while I use it to point out that no potential in this country is stronger than they other .
You can be the smartest man in the world , but if you 're not going to utilize efforts to help yourself , it 's pointless and a waste .
It 's like using the sharpest knife in the kitchen drawer to slice jelly .
I do not require a medal or special attention .
I am merely saying that if I can do it , anyone can !
And they have those opportunities .
Agent 's response is typical that its easier for him to sleep at night by convincing himself that I am privileged or " lucky " as if we as Americans are not capable of turning our lives around .
Thus his need to rely on big government and to want it .
I find it hard to believe that you as well are no worse off than I am .
Hear me again .
You ; like me , are an American .
There is $ 1 Trillion at stake here that McCain will leave in the economy .
Barack Obama wants to take it from businesses and corporations to re-distribute it to people who do n't pay taxes now as it is .
First , that wo n't work as I explained before .
Jobs will suffer , businesses pay the second highest taxes in the world here and they are re-establishing their businesses as foreign entities and pulling all their money out of our economy ( taxes ) to not pay taxes here .
You think a tax hike is going to make the remaining corporations stay ?
Prices for people like you and me ( Main Street ! ) will increase for energy , goods , and services .
Wages will suffer for main street .
The $ 1 Trillion Obama will have control of , ONLY A PORTION is being returned as tax cuts and welfare .
He has the rest earmarked for spending sprees .
So , in the end , Americans get less and we pay more for everything while our wages are comprimised .
All in the middle of an economic crisis stemming from big government spending as it is .
I am asking you to think twice before allowing this man to put a price on you .
I am totally with you if you 're willing to use your efforts to work harder .
You are the one who decides how much of that money is yours , not him .
Or we could just go through 4 years of this and have Carter - like economic conditions that gave us two terms of Reagan landslides .
Up to you .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 10/9/2008 @ 9:33 pm PT ...
A Catholic Priest , an Indian Doctor , a rich Chinese businessman and Terminator were waiting one morning for a particularly slow group of golfers in front of them .
Terminator fumed , " What 's with those jerks ?
We 're waiting fifteen minutes between shots ! "
The Indian Doctor chimed in , " I do n't know , but I 've never seen such poor golf ! "
The Chinese businessman called out , " Move it !
Time is money ! "
The Catholic Priest said , " Here comes the greens keeper .
Let 's have a word with him . "
" Excuse me , sir ! " said the Catholic Priest , " That group ahead of us awfully slow , are n't they ? "
The greens keeper replied , " Oh , yes .
That 's a group of blind fire fighters .
They lost their sight saving our clubhouse from a fire last year , so we always let them play for free anytime . "
The group fell silent for a moment .
The Catholic Priest said , " That 's so sad .
I think I 'll say a special prayer for them tonight . "
The Indian Doctor said , " Good idea .
I 'm going to contact my Ophthalmologist colleague and see if there 's anything that he might be able to do for them . "
The Chinese businessman replied , " I think I 'll donate $ 50,000 to the fire fighters Union in honor of these brave souls . "
Terminator said , " Why ca n't they fucking play at night ? "
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 10/9/2008 @ 11:21 pm PT ...
Put A trillion bucks in the hand of people that need it and they will spend it ( in this country ) and it will stimulate the real economy and will percolate up .
Pour the money on top and it becomes funny money for rich folks to play with and get into trouble then we have to bail these bastards out again and again and again .
Especially when the gop ties the hands of the financial police with bad laws .
That 's called voodoo economics .
ie phil " The Feret " gramm
Even the most successful are standing on the shoulders of those who came before us and the government sooner or later ... like when ya ditch ya cash when it come time to pay for the nursing home ...
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/10/2008 @ 5:30 am PT ...
That me me me shit espoused by Da Terminator is going to be a son - of - a- bitch once the Republican Great Depression II hits home , there are millions like him that wo n't ask for help when needed , they 'll just go grab a gun ... and we have to hope that they 'll just use it on themselves , not a bunch of innocent people that the Republican Party told them to be afraid of or angry with ... Some scary shit coming man .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/10/2008 @ 5:56 am PT ...
Good stuff people :
The veneer of civilization is thin .
We know this from our own observations , and various writers --- from Shakespeare to Sinclair Lewis ( " It Can't Happen Here " ) --- have shown us how easily populations can be manipulated by leaders skillfully playing on patriotic emotion or racial or nationalist feelings .
Whole peoples , like individuals , can become irrational on occasion --- sometimes for a brief moment , sometimes for years , sometimes for decades .
Ambition , hatred , fear can get the better of them , and gross lies told by their leaders can deceive their otherwise rational minds .
It has happened , it happens , it will continue to happen .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Dan-in - PA said on 10/10/2008 @ 10:51 am PT ...
Acorn pays a price for hiring convicts and setting hard to achieve standards .
( 20 registrations per shift to get paid for that shift , when 8 - 12 is the norm ? )
ACORN is setting themselves up and should hold themselves to a higher standard .
They do important work and should take WHATEVER STEPS ARE NECESSARY to avoid impropriety .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 10/10/2008 @ 11:41 am PT ...
Flo ~ 28 29
That 's some food for thought !
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 10/10/2008 @ 2:00 pm PT ...
Crap !
Some people are becoming hysterical about this :
http://www.afterdowningstreet.org/node/36765
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/10/2008 @ 2:41 pm PT ...
You knew that was coming , 99 These guys are pure racist and they are not going to take lightly to a non-white in the House .
Especially one as smart as " that one " .
BH what can I say ?
history is the future when it comes to the human condition ... Good thing you 're just a pretend talking horse .
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... gr8 lakesgrl said on 10/10/2008 @ 2:42 pm PT ...
To # 9 Phil , thanks , I can't believe I did n't think of that , how embarrassing !
Brad , I 'm loving your site , thank you for doing this .
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 10/10/2008 @ 3:15 pm PT ...
Say it ai n't so , Flo !
You mean Mr. Ed could n't really talk ?
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/10/2008 @ 3:23 pm PT ...
I did n't say that 99 , Mr Ed could talk , but when he was back in his stable as the Bamboo Harvester he just did what other horses do , shit and eat .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/10/2008 @ 3:57 pm PT ...
Thank God McCain did the right thing today , he let off on the fear by saying ' you do n't have to fear Obama being president he's a decent person ' or something to that effect at one of his campaign stops .
Obama stopped the erratic shtick also .
The Secret Service musta had a little chat with them
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 10/10/2008 @ 4:05 pm PT ...
Oh , whew , Flo , you had me so bummed there for a minute .
Looks like he 's learned to type now , though ....
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... MsKitty said on 10/10/2008 @ 9:19 pm PT ...
“ I love midget porn ”
“ World ’s greatest dad ” – a child sex abuser
“ I ’m Rick James bitch ”
“ If we get caught it ’s all your fault ”
“ Every great idea I have , gets me in trouble ”
“ Nobody ’s Perfect ”
“ It was n’t me ”
“ I ’m not Santa , but you can sit on my lap anyway ”
“ Trust me … I ’m a liar ”
“ I ’m not an Alcoholic … I ’m a drunk … Alcoholics go to meetings ”
“ FBI – Female body inspector ”
“ Proud to be Irish ”
“ I ’m probably lying ”
“ Wish you were here ”
The World of Twylos About Twylos
Wayfarers Fantasy Roleplaying Game
The Ye Olde Gaming Companye is proud to announce the revised Wayfarers Roleplaying Game .
Two books , the Player 's Reference Book , and the Game Master 's Reference Book , contain everything you need to play Wayfarers .
A living system with an old - school feel , Wayfarers enables you to play a warrior , priest , wizard , ranger or rogue , or to create an entirely unique persona .
With dozens of disciplines and proficiencies , four types of magic , and over 500 spells , the possibilities for characters are limited only by the player 's imagination .
For the Game Master , Wayfarers provides hundreds of detailed creatures , items , optional rules , useful analysis and advice .
Finally , G. Vrill 's vivid World of Twylos Campaign Setting provides endless ideas and personalities to enrich your campaigns .
Questions and Answers on melamine
What is melamine ?
Melamine is an organic base chemical most commonly found in the form of white crystals rich in nitrogen
What is melamine generally used for ?
Melamine is widely used in plastics , adhesives , countertops , dishware , whiteboards .
Why was melamine added into milk and powdered infant formula
In China , where adulteration has occurred , water has been added to raw milk to increase its volume .
As a result of this dilution the milk has a lower protein concentration .
Companies using the milk for further production ( e.g. of powdered infant formula ) normally check the protein level through a test measuring nitrogen content .
The addition of melamine increases the nitrogen content of the milk and therefore its apparent protein content .
Addition of melamine into food is not approved by the FAO / WHO Codex Alimentarius ( food standard commission ) , or by any national authorities .
Has melamine been found in other food products ?
In 2007 , melamine was found in wheat gluten and rice protein concentrate exported from China and used in the manufacture of pet food in the United States .
This caused the death of a large number of dogs and cats due to kidney failure .
In the present event , melamine contamination has been found in a number of different brands of powdered infant formula , in one brand of a frozen yogurt dessert and in one brand of canned coffee drink .
All these products were most probably manufactured using ingredients made from melamine - contaminated milk .
What are the health effects of melamine consumptions in humans ?
While there are no direct human studies on the effect of melamine data from animal studies can be used to predict adverse health effects .
Melamine alone causes bladder stones in animal tests .
When combined with cyanuric acid , which may also be present in melamine powder , melamine can form crystals that can give rise to kidney stones .
These small crystals can also block the small tubes in the kidney potentially stopping the production of urine , causing kidney failure and , in some cases , death .
Melamine has also been shown to have carcinogenic effects in animals in certain circumstances , but there is insufficient evidence to make a judgment on carcinogenic risk in humans .
What are the symptoms and signs of melamine poisoning ?
Irritability , blood in urine , little or no urine , signs of kidney infection , high blood pressure
What is the treatment for kidney stones and kidney failure ?
Patients may receive various types of treatment , depending on the severity of the kidney effects .
Treatment may include infusion of fluids and urine alkalinisation , correction of electrolyte and acid - base disturbance , haemodialysis or peritoneal dialysis , or surgical removal of kidney stones .
Georgia says its military has shot down a Russian reconnaissance drone that was flying over Georgian territory - a claim denied by Russia .
The unmanned plane was downed south of the de facto border with breakaway South Ossetia , the Georgian government said , though no evidence was provided .
Russia dismissed the claim as " another media provocation by Georgia " .
Russia recognised the independence of South Ossetia after a short war broke out over the territory last month .
Russia has been withdrawing from Georgia proper under a ceasefire deal .
European Union monitors have been deploying in Georgia , to verify the Russian withdrawal and oversee the ceasefire .
They are due to start patrolling on 1 October .
Georgia accused separatists from Abkhazia , a second breakaway region also recognised by Moscow , of breaching the ceasefire and shooting dead a Georgian police officer on Sunday .
Drone claims
Georgian Interior Ministry spokesman Shota Utiashvili said the drone was shot down on Monday near the town of Gori , some 30 km ( 20 miles ) from South Ossetia .
" It was flying over the territory between the villages of Khurvaleti and Tsitelubani , " Mr Utiashvili said .
" We believe it was patrolling the territory where the Baku - Supsa [ oil ] pipeline runs . "
Reconnaissance flights played a role in escalating tensions between Georgia and Russia in the build - up to the war that broke out on 7 August .
In May Georgia released video pictures of what it said was a Russian jet shooting down a Georgian drone over Abkhazia .
Georgia said the jet had breached its territorial integrity - which was at that stage still recognised by Russia .
Russia denied its jet was involved , though UN monitors backed the Georgian claim .
Earlier in the month Abkhaz fighters said they had shot down two Georgian drones over Abkhazia - a claim denied by Georgia .
In July Russia admitted its jets had flown over South Ossetia .
The conflict in the region began when Georgia tried to retake South Ossetia by force after a series of lower - level clashes .
Russia launched a counter - attack and the Georgian troops were ejected from both South Ossetia and Abkhazia .
Two Canadian Leaders
By : Jeff Clark Date : Sun , 12 Oct 2008
There is a federal election this Tuesday , Oct 14th , in Canada where I live .
I came across some reasonably objective profiles of the leaders of the 2 largest political parties in the Toronto Star .
Stephen Harper is currently the Prime Minister of Canada and the leader of the Conservative Party of Canada .
Stéphane Dion is the leader of the Liberal Party of Canada .
I have created Clustered Word Clouds based on the profile articles linked to above .
They seem to do a pretty good job of getting the main characteristics of the two people across .
I would have included clouds of the other party leaders as well but could n't easily find objective written descriptions .
If you are Canadian , make sure you vote on Oct 14th !
In the past several weeks I ’ve had the patience to read about 50 rapturous editorial and op - ed endorsements for Barack Obama , many of which are predicting , with minor caveats , a restoration of sanity , international respect , competence and accountability for the United States .
I ’ve no quarrel with the embrace of Obama in most of the media , for not only will his victory tomorrow finally prove that this country has the collective wisdom to elect someone other than a white man , but his astonishing — there ’s really no other word — two - year campaign for president has demonstrated that he ’s not only a person who can excite Americans but is also a remarkable politician .
That ’s no guarantee of success once he ’s in office , but as a lukewarm McCain supporter it leaves me less nervous than a return of the Clintons to the White House .
Nevertheless , the Obama worship from besotted editors and journalists is really something to behold , a deluge of puppy - love rhetoric that will be fascinating to re-visit a year from now .
The New Republic ’s endorsement of the Democratic nominee is typical of the inflated expectations that might , at least in private , make Obama blush .
The editorial begins with three sentences that might ’ve been crafted by Ronald Reagan ’s speechwriters / consultants more than two decades ago .
“ The past eight years have been like watching a TV makeover show in reverse .
We entered the Bush era a ravishing beauty attracting envious stares .
We leave it a gum - smacking sad sack with split ends and an empty social calendar . ”
I suspect the term “ gum - smacking ” is an ill - disguised slur at those who do n’t have the pedigree and education of TNR ’s editors , but let that slide — there ’s been plenty of absurd debate , on both sides , about “ intellectualism ” and “ anti-intellectualism , ” and no one engaged in this shouting match stands tall .
No , what galls me about the above words is the notion that , prior to President Bush ’s election ( or “ selection ” if you prefer ) in 2000 , the United States was beloved throughout the world , without a hint of corruption , predatory business practices or cronyism .
The United States attracted so many “ envious stares ” that terrorists first struck the World Trade Center in 1993 , a job that was mostly botched , so much so that President Clinton did n’t find it necessary to even visit the site .
Reading on , you ’d think that the deterioration of the country ’s aging infrastructure — bridges , levees , highways , mass transit systems — suddenly accelerated the moment Bush was sworn into office in January of 2001 .
Another common theme in the Obama endorsements is the hyperbolic assessment of Bush ’s tenure in office .
It ’s fairly clear by now that Bush wo n’t enjoy a posthumous bump in his reputation like Harry Truman ( vilified when he left office in 1953 ) , given his utter detachment from the job after his administration ’s reckless and cavalier response to Hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
More than anything else , that humanitarian and political blunder symbolized Bush ’s second term ; he probably wishes he had n’t run for reelection in 2004 .
Nevertheless , what does one make of The New Yorker ’s pronouncement in its own Obama endorsement that “ The Presidency of George W. Bush is the worst since Reconstruction ” ?
I ’d argue that Jimmy Carter falls below the Bush level , but even The New Yorker ’s David Remnick and Hendrik Hertzberg , presumably the authors of the editorial , might look at that grand statement and think it was over the top .
There have been plenty of lousy presidents since Reconstruction , for heaven ’s sake , with Herbert Hoover springing to mind right away .
And is it possible that Bush has supplanted Richard Nixon in the Democratic pantheon for failed and polarizing chief executives ?
Perhaps dying does soften the memory — you ’ll recall that Bill Clinton , who worked for McGovern in ’ 72 , was fulsome in his very charitable eulogy at Nixon ’s funeral — but as someone who lived through the Nixon presidency ( and celebrated on the day of his resignation ) I thought his record of actual crimes , bigotry and screwing up the economy would remain the benchmark for treachery and defiling the Constitution .
So it was a relief to read Leon Wieseltier ’s “ Washington Diarist ” column in that same issue of The New Republic in which the longtime literary editor of that magazine explained his reluctant decision to cast a vote for Obama .
Wieseltier finds Obama “ too cool ” and says that the candidate ’s “ passionlessness spooks me . ”
He also does n’t brush aside Obama ’s association with onetime terrorist William Ayers like most of his fellow Obama supporters .
“ I must say that the Ayers affair rankles me , because I would not shake the man ’s dirty hand ; and the fact that Obama was eight years old at the time of the Weather Underground is no more pertinent to his moral and historical awareness than the fact that he was six years old at the time of the King assassination . ”
And another dig : “ [ Obama ] reveres reason , although he often confuses it with conversation . ”
Yet John McCain , whom Wieseltier once admired — most recently for his advocacy of the “ surge ” in Iraq — has forfeited this TNR columnist ’s vote , and I have to admit he makes a fairly convincing case , although not quite strong enough for me .
First , it ’s hard to argue with Wieseltier ’s contention that when the Arizonan chose Sarah Palin as his running mate , “ he told the United States of America to go fuck itself . ”
Once again , I wonder how McCain would ’ve fared had he tapped South Dakota ’s Sen .
John
Thune , a respected conservative who would n’t have inspired the avalanche of ridicule that ’s befallen the Alaska governor , whose self - delusion is so acute she believes she has a future in national GOP politics .
The fiscal crisis that dominated the front pages in October certainly sealed McCain ’s fate — and his inept response to it just confirmed he has zero interest in economics — and so Thune probably would n’t have made a difference .
At the least , however , the GOP campaign would have had more dignity .
Second , Wieseltier eliminates McCain for what can only be described as a euphemism for his age .
“ [ McCain ] is abstracted , dispersed , out of focus , Stockdalesque , mentally undone .
Often he sounds simply unintelligent . ”
I happen to think McCain would make a fine president , but his campaign has been simply awful , so it ’s not hard to understand the rationale of people like Wieseltier , who is voting for Obama without real enthusiasm , but as the better of two flawed candidates .
And , unlike his TNR colleagues , at least this Baby Boomer has no illusions that with some rolling up of the sleeves , bipartisan consensus , less class warfare , and a world that will supposedly rejoice at the election results , the United States will be a substantially different country
You can not make this stuff up .
From the Federal Reserve Bank of New York ’s web site :
Michael Alix has been named a senior vice president in the Bank Supervision Group of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York .
He will serve as a senior advisor to William L. Rutledge , executive vice president , Bank Supervision Group … .
Most recently , Mr. Alix worked for the Bear Stearns Companies , Inc. , where he served as chief risk officer from 2006 - 2008 and global head of credit risk management from 1996 - 2006 .
His prior experience included eight years at Merrill Lynch & Company where he was a director , Asia chief credit officer and a vice president , head of North America financial institutions credit .
He began his career with the Irving Trust Company where he served as an assistant vice president and lending officer .
As John Carney of Clusterstock , who found this remarkable tidbit , noted :
We suppose that Alix at least has plenty of experience with unsound banking institutions .
He was the chief risk officer of Bear Stearns from 2006 until 2008 .
So , basically , he was the guy on the mast charged with yelling “ iceberg ” just before the Titantic introduced its bow to a floating hunk of ice .
We have our own paranoid pet theory as to how this appointment might have come about .
Who would know better what was in the dreck pool that the Fed has parked over at BlackRock than the former chief risk officer ?
If Alix knows a few embarrassing things , might be wise to give him an incentive not to talk them up .
# 202140 +( 766 ) - [ X ] < Kintai >
Yes , boobs are like toy trains
< Wallaroo > ?
< Kintai >
They 're meant for children , but grown men tend to end up playing with them anyway .
CHICAGO , Illinois ( CNN ) --
An Illinois sheriff said Thursday he 'll soon resume evictions at foreclosed properties after reaching a deal that he says will keep " innocent tenants " from being victimized .
Cook County , Illinois , Sheriff Thomas J. Dart said last week he was trying to protect some renters .
Sheriff Thomas J. Dart had suspended evictions last week in Cook County , which includes Chicago .
But he said they will resume Monday , adding that a deal between his office and a local chancery court is " bringing sanity " to the eviction process .
" Innocent tenants [ will no longer ] be victimized by an uncaring , reckless system , " Dart said .
Dart said October 8 that he was suspending all foreclosure evictions to protect some renters whose landlords were behind on mortgage payments .
He said some renters were paying their rent on time and were n't receiving proper notice of the evictions .
He also said mortgage companies routinely failed to do something they were supposed to : identify a building 's occupants before asking for an eviction .
On Thursday , Dart said evictions will resume Monday with the following conditions :
• The bank holding the mortgage must provide a court with a detailed description of the building and names of all occupants at the time of the initial foreclosure filing .
• Before the entry of an eviction order , banks must provide a date that bank representatives last inspected the property .
• Banks must prove that they informed tenants of a 120 - day grace period , which state law grants to allow tenants to find new housing before moving out .
Dart also said he will hire a full - time social worker to help evictees find alternative housing and connect them with community social services .
When Dart announced the suspension last week , Cook County was on track to reach a record number of evictions , many due to mortgage foreclosures .
Foreclosures in the Chicago area have tripled in the past two years , according to the sheriff 's office .
In 2006 , 18,916 cases were filed in Cook County ; this year 's total is expected to exceed 43,000 .
The Illinois Bankers Association last week criticized Dart 's decision to suspend evictions , saying Dart " was elected to uphold the law and to fulfill the legal duties of his office , which include serving eviction notices . "
All About Illinois • Cook County
The Beatles recorded the track in January 1967 for a music festival Sir Paul McCartney has confirmed a 14 - minute long Beatles track many thought was a myth does exist - and says he wants the public to hear it .
He told BBC Radio 4's Front Row the track - called Carnival of Light - was not released because the other Beatles thought it was too " adventurous " .
The improvised track was recorded in 1967 for an electronic music festival .
Sir Paul said Ringo Starr and John Lennon 's and George Harrison 's estates would have to agree to a release .
He said he had been asked to create the piece for an electronic music festival , and asked the other band members to be " indulgent " for 10 minutes at London 's Abbey Road studios before giving them vague directions .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Sir Paul explained : " I said all I want you to do is just wander around all the stuff , bang it , shout , play it , it does n't need to make any sense .
Hit a drum then wander on to the piano , hit a few notes , just wander around .
" So that 's what we did and then put a bit of an echo on it .
It 's very free . "
The track was played just once , at the festival , and is said to include distorted guitar , organ sounds , gargling and band members shouting phrases such as " Barcelona ! " and " Are you all right ? "
Sir Paul said he was fond of the track , which was inspired by experimental composers John Cage and Karlheinz Stockhausen : " I like it because it 's The Beatles free , going off piste . "
He said he still had a master tape of the piece , adding : " The time has come for it to get its moment . "
Sir Paul had wanted to include the track on the Beatles ' Anthology compilations in the mid-1990s , but the rest of the band vetoed the idea .
He said : " I said it would be great to put this on because it would show we were working with really avant - garde stuff . "
The full interview will be broadcast on BBC Radio 4's Front Row on Thursday 20 November at 1915 GMT .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Christopher Lane / Contour by Getty Images
and the sun was little more than a gaudy accessory .
The man stood on a bridge along Eleventh Street in Milwaukee .
He was holding a sign .
His breath rose in clouds .
There was ice on his eyebrows .
Beneath him , along Interstate 43 , the traffic ran north and south in a great rattle .
The cold made everything seem fragile , as though the cars would shatter if they collided .
It was ten o'clock in the morning and it was 8 degrees , and the man held his sign while the ice formed on the edges of his face , trying to get the cars below him to honk their horns in support of Barack Obama .
He had been a classmate , long ago , before he'd gone into the Navy the way his family had wanted him to , a fellow student at a high school in Hawaii , where they had no mornings like this one .
He had traveled the world and he had come to this bridge with the ice on his face because he was looking for something and he thought he'd found it .
Hardly anyone looked up .
Hardly anyone saw his sign .
Hardly anyone honked their horn .
But he stood there , holding his sign and waving at the drivers below as the sun rose vainly higher in the sky and nobody looked up toward it to see the sign and honk their horns .
" I'm working for him , " the man said , " because a lot of what I believed , I do n't believe anymore , and I want to again .
Not in him , necessarily , but in those things . "
Barack Obama had a moment , as fragile as thin ice , in which he could have defined " change , " which he never truly has defined except as all those things encompassed by the phrase " Elect me . "
He could have defined change as a rejection of preemptive war , of torture , of black prisons , of warrantless surveillance , as a renewed embrace of our founding documents .
He could have defined change as a condemnation of crony government , of incompetent government , of drowned cities , of conscious , greed - driven neglect that has turned the idea of " the general welfare " into a spiritless punch line .
He could have defined change with the laws already on the books .
He could have defined change simply as " change back , " to an America in which so much of what the current administration has done was not merely un-American , it was unimaginable .
He could have celebrated the people who never changed at all -- the heroic military lawyers of the JAG Corps , to name one conspicuous example -- and welcomed us all back to the better country they 'd never left .
But no .
In August , for whatever reason , he went to the Reverend Rick Warren 's Saddleback Church for a " forum " in front of people who have no more intention of voting for him than they do of erecting a statue to Baal .
It is instructive to remember that forty years ago , when George Romney ran for president , hardly anyone mentioned the fact that he was a Mormon .
This year , his son , the former governor of Massachusetts , ran for president and could n't go ten minutes without being asked about the " issue " of his religion .
The very notion that an affluent celebrity God-botherer like Warren should be allowed to vet presidential candidates is in itself a measure of how badly things have turned .
At one point , Warren asked Obama : " At what point does a baby get human rights ? "
The only proper answer to this question for anyone running for president is " How the hell do I know ?
If that 's what you want from a president , vote for Thomas Aquinas . "
Instead , Obama summoned up some pale , faith - based flummery that convinced nobody and made him look like they had to tie him to the floor to keep him from floating to the ceiling .
Warren responded by giving an interview after the forum in which he compared an evangelical voting for a pro-choice candidate to a Jewish voter supporting a Holocaust denier .
And on we go .
" Change " is now whatever Barack Obama needs it to be at the moment .
He is the change .
We are the change .
And there it ends .
He thought it meant an end to " partisanship " without appreciating that democracies are supposed to be partisan , never more so than when a " bipartisan " consensus fits American military justice with a kangaroo suit .
He thought it meant an end to " divisiveness " without appreciating the fact that there is much about this country now that ought to divide us , that it is time for a loud , impolite fight about what it means to be an American .
In truth , though , Senator Obama is the only one of the two candidates who seems to believe in the idea of a political commonwealth , that there are those things -- be they the guarantees in the Bill of Rights or mountains in Alaska -- that we own together .
Barack Obama stands , however inchoately and however diffidently , for the notion that a common purpose is necessary for common problems , that " government , " as it is designed in our founding documents , is our collective responsibility .
It is this collective responsibility that built America into a great power without peer in the history of the world .
And it is this collective responsibility that has succumbed to nearly thirty years of phony rightist populism , corporate brigandage , and the wildly cheered abandonment of a common American civic purpose .
It is shocking that in America an argument for salvaging the common good is regarded as a radical notion by anyone , but that is where we are .
And that is what Barack Obama seems to stand for .
After all , as a young man with his potential , he could have headed straight to midtown Manhattan and made a fortune .
Instead , he took a church job working for poor people in Chicago , and for his troubles , he and those poor people have been viciously jeered by the likes of Rudy Giuliani and Sarah Palin .
Such is their regard for the common good .
And such is Obama 's promise .
And in that , however inchoately and however diffidently , Obama stands not only against Bushism , but against Reaganism , which gave it birth .
And that is more than enough .
This year it 's more than enough because we are not all in that enterprise together anymore , and we have not been for some time .
For seven years , for the purposes of deceitful war - making and constitutional vandalism , the president chose to preside over " the base , " and the devil take the common good .
For several years , before the war soured , and New Orleans drowned , and he meddled grotesquely with how a woman 's family in Florida chose to allow her to die , and mocked the very institutions he was to protect , this was praised as the height of political acumen .
The incompetent president and his wolfish advisors were encouraged and enabled in their various schemes and praised for their cleverness into the bargain .
Anyone who questioned what was going on -- any member of what was once memorably described to writer Ron Suskind as the " reality - based community " -- was of no consequence , their voices ignored , their concerns as foreign as those of a tribesman in New Guinea .
And now , with it all in ruins , it 's time to move ahead , without recriminations or even without maintaining the simple clarity of the historical record ?
That is not change we can believe in .
And that is precisely where Barack Obama is frozen .
But make no mistake , in our view the senator from Illinois is the only possible choice to lead the country .
Obscured by Obama 's dithering is the fact that his Republican counterpart is one of the first presidential candidates in history to run as a parody of himself .
John McCain has decided on a cheap and dishonorable campaign .
He has embraced the tactics with which he was slandered in 2000 , and he has hired the people responsible for them .
In so doing , he has become something of a mockery of everything he once purported to be .
He has stated that he would n't now vote for his own immigration bill .
He has operated in violation of the very campaign - finance law that bears his name .
And even though his own body bears the scars of torture , he has silenced himself on the issue of the torture sanctioned and designed by the government he seeks to lead , so as not to alienate " the base . "
The most underutilized trope of the campaign is the notion that John McCain is running against John McCain .
One could be forgiven for thinking that the senator was leading a movement that had been exiled for decades and was now storming back to Washington to save the country from its oppressors .
Of course , the truth is that it is the excesses of McCain 's own party from which the country needs to be saved .
That McCain is now attempting to seize the mantle of " change " for himself is profoundly absurd .
And that he expects the American people to swallow it is profoundly insulting .
History demands that this election be a referendum on the Bush years , and John McCain has tried desperately to change the subject .
There was a moment , in 2000 , when he might have gone a different way .
He gave a brave speech in Virginia , and he seemed genuinely interested in prying his party from the clutches of corporate avarice and theocratic lunacy .
If he had held to the substance of that speech , instead of merely to its form , he might have been as transformational a figure on his side of the aisle as Obama has been on his .
However , McCain has spent the past few years dancing like a monkey on a string , making brave noises in public that he later abandoned in private .
And now he genuflects to Pastor Warren and a hundred other preachers who are a hundred times worse , people whom he called " agents of intolerance " eight years ago , when John McCain still had the soul he 's sold off piecemeal to pay the salaries of the men he 's hired out of Karl Rove 's shop .
Then , of course , he picked an agent of intolerance to join him on his ticket .
But it is not Governor Palin 's religious beliefs that are of concern to us .
More to the point , there is no serious debate to be had over Sarah Palin 's preparedness to be president of the United States .
Because in fact , she is stunningly unqualified , having never taken a position of consequence on an issue of consequence before she was selected in the last days of August .
But she has now been put in a serious position to assume the presidency , and her selection is the clearest indication yet of the contempt that Senator McCain -- transformed into nominee McCain -- now feels for the process of governance .
More important still , however , is that nothing John McCain has done or said in this campaign would lead you to believe that anything the incumbent administration has done is simply wrong -- just badly executed -- and he 's saying that now only because public opinion has turned so radically against Bushism and all its works .
And the ultimate price of his capitulation is to continue Bushism , in all of its manifestations .
Not even the presidency should be worth that .
Not even the presidency is worth what it 's made John McCain do to himself .
John Paul Stevens was born on April 20 , 1920 , into a family of hotel magnates in the city of Chicago who , when Stevens was still young , lost everything in the Great Depression .
In 1936 , when John Paul Stevens was a student at the University of Chicago Laboratory School and preparing to enter the University of Chicago proper , Barack Hussein Obama Sr. was born on the shores of Lake Victoria in Kenya .
In 1941 , when John Paul Stevens was graduating Phi Beta Kappa and preparing to go and break Japanese naval codes and help shoot down Admiral Yamamoto in the South Pacific , Ann Dunham was born in Fort Leavenworth in Kansas .
In 1961 , when John Paul Stevens was practicing law , Barack Obama and Ann Dunham married and had a son , whom they also named Barack Hussein Obama .
In 1975 , when President Gerald Ford named John Paul Stevens to replace William O. Douglas on the United States Supreme Court , the elder Obama was long gone and the younger Obama was a freshman at the Punahou School in Honolulu .
In January of 2009 , if and when Barack Obama is inaugurated as the forty - fourth president of the United States , Associate Justice John Paul Stevens will be closing in on his thirty - fourth year on the Court and his eighty - ninth year on earth .
And there , really , you have it .
The best argument for the election of Barack Obama as president of the United States is written quite clearly in the peaks and squiggles of John Paul Stevens 's EKG .
More than any other recent election , we are voting this year not merely for a president but to overthrow two governments .
The one we can see is the one in which constitutional order has been defaced , the national spirit degraded , and the country unrecognizable because so much of the best of itself has been sold off or frittered away .
The other one is the far more insidious one , a doppelgänger nation of black prisons , shredded memos , and secret justifications for even more secret crimes .
Moreover , the current administration has worked hard not only to immunize itself from the political and legal consequences of the government we can see , but it has also worked within the one we can not see in order to perpetuate itself .
For the past several months , it has worked to make extricating ourselves from the catastrophe it has wrought in Iraq as hard as possible .
It has sought to make permanent the culture of corporate brigandage and predatory incompetence that it has made a hallmark of its stewardship of the country and its government .
Salted throughout the vast bureaucracy are dozens of little homeschooled land mines , the products of a dozen cheapjack diploma mills selling patent - medicine history to the spiritually gullible .
The fantastical hiring practices that only recently have come to light in the Department of Justice are only the most visible example of this , but the poisonous philosophy that has guided this administration is in all the institutions of the government Barack Obama hopes to lead .
It is not dormant .
It is there , replicating itself like a virus does in the cells of the body , waiting until it can erupt and debilitate him and his administration .
And nowhere is it more clearly visible than in the federal courts .
It is in the courts where the depredations of the past seven years can become permanent .
It is in the courts where the un-American legacy of George W. Bush can live forever -- or , at least , as long as most of the rest of us do .
The Supreme Court already is dangerously close to an extremist conservative majority , and Chief Justice John Roberts and Associate Justice Samuel Alito were both born after John Paul Stevens already had passed the bar , and it was Stevens who , as recently as last June 's Boumediene decision , helped create a thin 5 -- 4 majority in favor of reestablishing the right of habeas corpus for those people being detained by the administration in places like Guantánamo Bay .
The decision threw out a key provision of the 2006 Military Commissions Act , a bipartisan piece of legislative cowardice that sank the Great Writ into a deep mire of euphemism and deceit .
One vote , to uphold the right that En-glish nobles wrung out of King John in 1215 .
One vote , on the Supreme Court of the United States of America .
One vote , from an eighty - eight - year - old man who 'd already founded his own law firm when the chief justice under whom he serves , and who predictably voted in agreement with the president who 'd appointed him , was born .
One vote , on one of 107 federal courts .
There is no evidence at all that anything will change under a President John McCain , who has already identified Roberts and Alito as his beau ideals of Supreme Court justices .
He has made brave noises about torture and the extraconstitutional prerogatives of the executive , but President Bush and his men went on and did what they wanted anyway , and McCain walked away , begging for votes from fundamentalists who hate him , meeping his displeasure in ways that were barely audible .
The virus will gestate and spread on his watch , all throughout the federal government .
Bushism must be ripped out , root and branch , everywhere it has been established , or else the presidential election of 2008 is a worthless exercise in futility .
Barack Obama may not be the man to do it , but John McCain , for all his laudable qualities , clearly is neither willing nor able to do so .
To continue to govern ourselves this way is unthinkable .
It is unsustainable as a democracy to continue to mock so egregiously in secret what we continue to profess in public .
That is the task for the next president .
That is the main reason to vote for Barack Obama of Illinois .
We strongly encourage you to do so .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
MIAMI , Nov 19 ( Reuters ) -
An American teen - ager survived for nearly four months without a heart , kept alive by a custom - built artificial blood - pumping device , until she was able to have a heart transplant , doctors in Miami said on Wednesday .
The doctors said they knew of another case in which an adult had been kept alive in Germany for nine months without a heart but said they believed this was the first time a child had survived in this manner for so long .
The patient , D’Zhana Simmons of South Carolina , said the experience of living for so long with a machine pumping her blood was “ scary . ”
“ You never knew when it would malfunction , ” she said , her voice barely above a whisper , at a news conference at the University of Miami / Jackson Memorial Medical Center .
“ It was like I was a fake person , like I did n’t really exist .
I was just here , ” she said of living without a heart .
Simmons , 14 , suffered from dilated cardiomyopathy , a condition in which the patient ’s heart becomes weakened and enlarged and does not pump blood efficiently .
She had a heart transplant on July 2 at Miami ’s Holtz Children ’s Hospital but the new heart failed to function properly and was quickly removed .
Two heart pumps made by Thoratec Corp THOR.O of Pleasanton , California , were implanted to keep her blood flowing while she fought a host of ailments and recovered her strength .
Doctors implanted another heart on Oct. 29 .
“ She essentially lived for 118 days without a heart , with her circulation supported only by the two blood pumps , ” said Dr. Marco Ricci , the hospital ’s director of pediatric cardiac surgery .
During that time , Simmons was mobile but remained hospitalized .
When an artificial heart is used to sustain a patient , the patient ’s own heart is usually left in the body , doctors said .
In some cases , adult patients have been kept alive that way for more than a year , they said .
“ This , we believe , is the first pediatric patient who has received such a device in this configuration without the heart , and possibly one of the youngest that has ... been bridged to transplantation without her native heart , ” Ricci said .
Simmons also suffered renal failure and had a kidney transplant the day after the second heart transplant .
Ricci said her prognosis was good .
But doctors said there is a 50 percent chance that a heart transplant patient will need a new heart 12 or 13 years after the first surgery .
( Editing by Cynthia Osterman )
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
September 14th , 2008
The NSA and the Chinese government are working together , through the U.N. , to draft plans for systems that would enable all Internet sessions to be authoritatively traced back to their origins .
Man , if this one does n’t get your tinfoil in a knot , nothing will .
If you want to know what anonymous on the Internet actually means , under the present surveillance regime , here ’s an essay that I wrote on the subject .
Via : Cnet :
A United Nations agency is quietly drafting technical standards , proposed by the Chinese government , to define methods of tracing the original source of Internet communications and potentially curbing the ability of users to remain anonymous .
The U.S. National Security Agency is also participating in the “ IP Traceback ” drafting group , named Q6/17 , which is meeting next week in Geneva to work on the traceback proposal .
Members of Q6/17 have declined to release key documents , and meetings are closed to the public .
The potential for eroding Internet users ’ right to remain anonymous , which is protected by law in the United States and recognized in international law by groups such as the Council of Europe , has alarmed some technologists and privacy advocates .
Also affected may be services such as the Tor anonymizing network .
“ What ’s distressing is that it does n’t appear that there ’s been any real consideration of how this type of capability could be misused , ” said Marc Rotenberg , director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center in Washington , D.C. “ That ’s really a human rights concern . ”
Nearly everyone agrees that there are , at least in some circumstances , legitimate security reasons to uncover the source of Internet communications .
The most common justification for tracebacks is to counter distributed denial of service , or DDoS , attacks .
But implementation details are important , and governments participating in the process — organized by the International Telecommunication Union , a U.N. agency — may have their own agendas .
A document submitted by China this spring and obtained by CNET News said the “ IP traceback mechanism is required to be adapted to various network environments , such as different addressing ( IPv4 and IPv6 ) , different access methods ( wire and wireless ) and different access technologies ( ADSL , cable , Ethernet ) and etc . ”
It adds : “ To ensure traceability , essential information of the originator should be logged . ”
The Chinese author of the document , Huirong Tian , did not respond to repeated interview requests .
Neither did Jiayong Chen of China ’s state - owned ZTE Corporation , the vice chairman of the Q6/17 ’s parent group who suggested in an April 2007 meeting that it address IP traceback .
A second , apparently leaked ITU document offers surveillance and monitoring justifications that seem well - suited to repressive regimes :
A political opponent to a government publishes articles putting the government in an unfavorable light .
The government , having a law against any opposition , tries to identify the source of the negative articles but the articles having been published via a proxy server , is unable to do so protecting the anonymity of the author .
Dictatorship , Elite , Infrastructure , Surveillance , Technology | Posted in COINTELPRO Top Of Page
Professor Ross Garnaut , a government adviser on climate change , is urging his fellow Aussies to serve kangaroo meat in place of beef or lamb , because the marsupials produce negligible amounts of environmentally damaging methane gas .
On the other hand , cattle and sheep , according to Garnaut 's 620 - page study , produce a considerable amount of methane gas through belching and flatulence , and are among the millions of livestock responsible for approximately 67 percent of agricultural greenhouse gas emissions .
In order to help the environment , he proposes that Australia , which is one of the world 's largest per-capita producers of greenhouse gas emissions , should decrease its cattle and sheep populations by seven million and 36 million respectively , and increase its kangaroo numbers from 34 million to 240 million by 2020 .
The study cites other benefits , too : kangaroo meat is low in fat and high in protein levels , and the animals survive better in times of drought .
The Illinois voter registration materials sent to “ Princess Nudelman , ” a deceased pet goldfish , have stirred up some controversy in the hometown of Barack Obama .
[ social_buttons ]
I think it ’s time for a little humor in these final two weeks before an important election .
And so I ’m writing an election story about a dead goldfish named Princess Nudelman .
The news however , is not being seen as humorous to some , who fear the mistake might be a sign of election fraud .
The mailing has generated a number of complaints from residents throughout the state .
“ I am just stunned at the level of people compromising the integrity of the voting process , ” said Lake County Clerk Willard Helander , a Republican , who said she has noticed problems with almost 1,000 voter registrations this year .
Beth Nudelman , Democrat and owner of the dead fish , said that Princess may have found herself on some sort of mailing list after the family put her name down when applying for a second phone line .
“ There was no fraud involved , ” said Nudelman .
“ This person is a dead fish . ”
It is thought that the registration materials were sent by the “ Women ’s Voices , Women Vote ” project .
This not - for - profit group encourages single women to vote , and purchased the list of names from a vendor .
From this one mailing , 63,500 people returned their voter applications .
In order to validate identities , the mailing asked for a social security number and a driver ’s license number .
It does n’t seem to me anything worth getting all riled up about .
If someone is truly interested in getting people out to vote , they ’ll probably come up with a better tactic than luring in the dead pets of Greater Chicago .
Source : msnbc
Photo : Wikimedia Commons
Maddow : Bush extending Iraq war for political reasons David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Wednesday September 24 , 2008
Print This Email This
The 2008 president campaign has been marked by continuing arguments between the parties over the most appropriate timetable for withdrawing troops from Iraq , but it has never been clear how the Bush administration had established its own proposed schedule .
However , according to MSNBC's Rachel Maddow , " We suddenly have got a lot more clarity about Iraq right now than we 've had in a really , really long time . "
Maddow cited an interview with Iraqi Prime Minister Maliki , conducted last week by Iraqi state television , during which " he said when he was negotiating with the Bush administration to pick a withdrawal date for our troops to come home , they initially settled on about 15 months from now , the end of 2010 .
But then ... the Bush administration came back and told the Iraqis they 'd actually like our troops to stay in Iraq an extra year , through 2011 ... ' due to political circumstances related to the US domestic situation . ' "
" So the prime minister of Iraq says on tape , " Maddow summarized , " according to our own government 's translation , that the Bush administration wants to prolong the war in Iraq for an extra year because of our domestic politics . "
" If you feel like your hair is on fire right now , " she added , " you 're not alone . "
When contacted by the Maddow Show , a White House spokesperson replied with familiar rhetoric , saying , " We do not have anything to announce on that .
...
What we 're really pleased about is the fact that we 're having these discussions .
...
Any decisions on troops will be based on the conditions on the ground . "
" If you 're keeping track at home , you 're right , " Maddow commented .
" They are not directly denying what the Iraqi prime minister said -- which is incredible . "
It was reported in early August that " Iraq and the United States are close to reaching a deal under which U.S. combat troops would leave by December 2010 and the rest would leave by the end of 2011 , two Iraqi officials said Thursday .
...
Two senior U.S. officials said negotiators have made progress and are close to a deal .
But they also said that some issues are unresolved and that troop withdrawals would be tied to conditions on the ground . "
By the end of August , however , Maliki 's demands for a complete US withdrawal by 2011 were being described as " an attempt to extract further concessions from American officials , less than a week after both sides said they had agreed to remove all U.S. combat troops by the end of 2011 , if the security situation remained relatively stable , but leave other American forces in place . "
Maliki 's latest remarks appear to be a referecne to this shift in the timetable .
He told Iraqi tv , " They asked for a change ( in date ) due to political circumstances related to the domestic situation ( in the US ) so it will not be said to the end of 2010 followed by one year for withdrawal but the end of 2011 as a final date . "
" The Republicans are convinced that keeping the war going is good for them politically , " continued Maddow .
" I think it 's a political stinker .
I think there 's a reason why the tape you 've seen over and over and over again of John McCain promising to stay 100 years in Iraq -- that 's the tape that turns up in pro-Obama ads , not pro-McCain ads . "
" So why are the Republicans invested in our troops staying and staying and staying and staying ? " Maddow wondered .
She suggested it might be significant that this Monday , for the first time since Iraq kicked out the foreign oil companies in 197 , " a Western oil company opened up an office in Iraq .
In a sobering reminder of the dangers of doing business in Baghdad , the company is not disclosing the location of its office . "
" If you 're looking for a mission to proclaim ' accomplished ' in Iraq , there you have it , " concluded Maddow .
" This is the kind of ' accomplishment ' that will keep our troops there longer . "
This video is from MSNBC's The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast September 23 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Oh joy !
M.I.A.’s clothing line is up for sale on her Website .
And it ’s SO BRIGHT it ’s like color punched you in the face but , instead of injuring you , made your retinas even more powerful .
The line ranges from $ 65 for a bright - green tank top to $ 210 for jackets with very loud patterns .
Honestly , we do n’t know how she did it — the stuff is more early nineties than the early nineties ever were .
The “ Mexico Body ” pictured here is just $ 100 .
Wear yours before the air gets cold outside .
[ MIA Shop via Idolater ]
Government officials were reminded recently that as they depart from government service with the end of the current Administration , they are not permitted to take classified information with them .
“ Classified information is not personal property and may not be removed from the Government ’s control by any departing official or employee .
This includes ‘ extra’copies . ”
That timely warning ( pdf ) was issued by William J. Bosanko , the director of the Information Security Oversight Office , which oversees the national security classification system .
“ This prohibition applies to all cleared officials and employees , regardless of type or level of position , ” Mr. Bosanko wrote in a November 17 ISOO memorandum to senior executive branch agency officials .
Document removal is among the most pernicious forms of secrecy , as it is often undetected and irreversible .
There are really two closely related problems .
One is reduced access to credit , making new borrowing difficult for nearly every business that requires debt .
Prices for all commodities have been dropping as well .
At least part of the reason for this price decline is the lack of availability of credit — many of the less credit - worth buyers drop out of the market .
This leaves fewer buyers and almost the same number of sellers , so the price drops .
I recently looked through news articles to see which energy sectors were being affected by the credit crisis .
I was amazed at how widespread and how devastating the impact is .
The impact I am seeing across a wide range of energy companies is a decline in new investment and a stretched - out timeframe for new projects .
In addition , many of the weaker companies in the energy supply chain are likely to be forced out of business by the credit crisis .
When energy production is viewed for all companies combined , the below analysis suggests the credit crisis will cause the production of virtually all fuels to be in decline , relative to what they otherwise would have been .
I expect production of oil will decline ( in absolute terms , not just relative terms ) in the years ahead .
Since oil production was already on a plateau , this decline is expected to bring about " peak oil " .
Because of long lead times , uranium production seems likely to fall short of what is needed by nuclear power plants , within the next few years .
The long - term implications of declines in energy production are very serious .
Research shows that standards of living are closely tied to energy consumption .
With less energy available , standards of living are likely to decline .
Oil and Natural Gas
The oil and natural gas industry has a very long supply chain , including many small players .
In order to operate smoothly , each player in the chain must either have cash or credit to buy the goods and services it needs .
The bigger companies with good cash flow and a low cost of production are in a much better position than smaller more highly leveraged companies .
The credit squeeze has already put some of these smaller players out of business .
For example , a shipping company , Svithoid Tankers , went into liquidation after facing an immediate liquidity shortage and a natural gas marketing company , Catalyst Energy Group Inc. , filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy , after its credit line was ended , indirectly as a result of the failure of Lehman Brothers .
Many other companies are still operating but are encountering a cash crunch , because others do n’t want to do business with them , or because the credit that is available is very expensive .
These players are often willing to offer discounted rates for their services , in the hopes that they will be able to keep cash flow up .
Petrobas in Brazil recently ran into a problem with suppliers who promised more than they could deliver when it awarded contracts for building 20 deep - water drilling rigs to Brazilian firms with little experience in deep - water drilling .
Many of these firms were not able to borrow the money they needed to finish the oilrigs they had promised .
Now Petrobas has the choice of advancing these contractors the additional funds they need , or delaying the project by finding other contractors at a much higher price .
We are now hearing about companies trying to use the lower prices available from some contractors to their advantage .
In Saudi Arabia , Saudi Aramco is reportedly renegotiating contracts on its $ 15 billion Manifa project that was originally scheduled to add 900,000 barrels per day in oil production in mid-2011 .
This action is intended to reduce Saudi Aramco costs , but will increase the likelihood of bankruptcy of its subcontractors and will delay the start date of new production .
Because of the credit squeeze , many oil and gas companies are finding it necessary to limit their investments to what they can finance with cash flow .
In the Canadian oil sands , both Suncor and Petro - Canada have pushed back plans to purchase “ upgraders , ” at least partly because of cash flow considerations .
US natural gas producer Chesapeake Energy cut its spending plans three times within a month .
A few companies have found ways to work around their inability to find credit in ordinary markets .
Russian oil company Rosneft reached an agreement with Chinese energy company CNPC Sinopec to lend it funds for a pipeline in return for a guarantee of oil from the pipeline .
This arrangement gives China a long - term guarantee of the product it needs , locking others out of the market .
( Note : It seems like there were later changes to this . )
LUKoil , another Russian oil company , has asked the Russian Development Bank for a $ 1.8 billion loan to refinance its foreign debt .
Another approach for getting around the credit squeeze is merger with a better - funded partner .
While few mergers have taken place to date , the oil majors would seem to be in a position where they can buy some companies with credit problems , if they choose to .
Can the credit squeeze be expected to have an impact on capital expenditure going forward ?
Yes , for two reasons .
First , without outside sources of credit , companies are under pressure to keep capital expenditures within the funds that are generated by cash flow .
Second , since the credit squeeze keeps the price of oil and natural gas low , there is no point in extracting oil and gas if the market price is too low to provide a reasonable return on investment .
Because of this second limitation , the projects that are eliminated are the projects that require a higher oil or natural gas price to be profitable .
In the case of oil , the projects that become non-economic are the newer fields that are more expensive to extract , such as the Canadian oil sands , Petrobas ’ new deep offshore Brazilian oil , oil in the Bakken formation in the US , and oil near the Arctic Circle .
In the case of natural gas , the more expensive fields are various types of unconventional gas production , such as Barnett Shale in Texas .
Other types of capital expenditure that are not directly related to production are also likely to come under pressure .
For example , it is likely to be difficult to get funding for new pipelines ( including the proposed natural gas pipeline from Alaska ) , if these have not yet been funded .
In the UK , plans had been made for additional underground natural gas storage beneath Portland , Dorset , so as to have more ability to store extra gas for winter and prevent price spikes .
This has now been suspended , for lack of funding .
The net impact of all these issues is that oil production has already started to decline .
Plans for future investment have been cut back , so it is likely that oil production will stay low for quite some time .
Even if prices should rebound , lack of credit will limit the ability of the oil supply chain to increase production .
For these reasons , world oil production is likely past its peak .
Natural gas production and distribution is based more on local markets than an international market , but it too will start seeing more problems .
In places where natural gas production was forecast to increase , these increases are likely to be less than previously forecast .
In places where production was expected to decrease , the decreases are likely to be greater than planned .
In the United States , natural gas tends to be produced by smaller , highly leveraged companies .
These companies are likely to be disproportionately affected by the credit crisis .
While US natural gas production has recently been increasing , future production is likely to be flatter .
If credit problems persist for another two or three years , production may even start to decline , because of the rapid decline rates of unconventional gas wells , and the difficulty in funding enough new wells .
Coal
The coal industry is in many ways similar to the oil and natural gas industry .
The companies that can be expected to fare best in the credit crunch are large companies , with low - cost mines and significant cash flow from current operations .
These companies will be able to use their cash flow to finance future capital expenditures .
Companies that depend heavily on debt and smaller service companies will have difficulty obtaining credit .
Some of these companies may seek to merge with major coal companies .
As with oil and natural gas , the price of coal has dropped recently as a result of reduced demand associated with the credit crisis .
The lower price will make new investments less profitable than they would otherwise have been .
This will act as a deterrent to opening new mines , particularly in higher - cost areas .
The infrastructure used for transporting coal is primarily railroads and barges , plus some trucks .
With the credit crisis , it is likely to be difficult to obtain funding to upgrade this infrastructure .
The lack of new infrastructure will act as another deterrent to growth of the coal industry .
Prior to the recent credit crisis , there were about a dozen Coal - to - Liquid ( CTL ) plants in some stage of the planning process .
The products made at these plants were intended to compete with gasoline or diesel .
Now these plans are being re-evaluated because at an oil price of $ 60 barrel or less , the cost of CTL is no longer competitive .
Ethanol and other Biofuels
Ethanol is another product intended to compete with gasoline .
When oil prices were high , and adequate subsidies were in place , ethanol producers did well .
Now that both oil and corn prices are down , both farmers and ethanol producers are having difficulties .
The US ’s largest ethanol producer , Verasun , recently sought bankruptcy protection , and there are a number of smaller companies near bankruptcy .
The New York Times reports , “ The industry should be consolidated — I think everybody believes that , ” said Mr. Horowitz of Soleil .
“ But who is going to finance anything right now , let alone a very low - margin business that does n’t look like it ’s going to get better in the near term ? ”
Ethanol in Brazil is encountering difficulties as well .
The sector is highly leveraged .
Projects which already have been funded will continue , but there is a question whether funds for new investment can be found , especially in light of the low price for gasoline .
Mergers may occur because the credit crisis makes some of the projects easy takeover targets .
Ethanol from non-food sources ( called cellulosic ethanol ) is not at this point cost - competitive with corn or sugar based ethanol .
Producers have been hopeful that additional funding for their research might become available , so as to try to lower production costs .
This is looking less and less likely , with the credit crisis .
In the US , President - Elect Barack Obama has indicated that some of his plans for energy investment may have to be scaled back , because of the $ 700 billion bailout of financial markets .
Lower prices for gasoline make cellulosic ethanol even less cost competitive , discouraging new investment .
In the European Union , biofuel goals were recently pared back , so it is not as clear how much of the lessened growth in production is lowered goals , and how much is the impact of the credit crisis .
Last year , the goal for biofuel production was set at 10 % by 2020 , but in September 2008 this was pared back to 5 % of transport fuels by 2015 .
There is still a goal of 10 % by 2020 , but this is to be reviewed in 2014 depending on scientific progress .
Wind , Solar , and Geothermal
Wind , solar , and geothermal are all renewable sources of electricity .
They are intended to be replacements for electricity generated by fossil fuels , partly because of climate change issues and partly to foster energy independence .
Since these are long - term goals , cost is also an issue .
When the price of oil and natural gas was high , there appeared to be cost savings , but these disappear when fossil fuel prices drop .
These renewable energy companies have been hit very hard by the credit crisis .
Most used considerable leverage and were growing rapidly before the crisis .
The credit crisis has dried up funding drying up , so new projects are off substantially .
One of the issues is that in Europe , investment in wind and solar was pushed along by climate change legislation .
Now , with the financial crisis , countries are backpedalling on their promises .
Back in March 2007 , the European Union members pledged to cut greenhouse - gas emissions 20 % below 1990 levels by 2020 .
Now that the costs are clearer , and the economies are running into financial difficulties , both Germany and Italy are saying that these goals are unrealistic .
In Great Britain , climate - change goals have recently been raised .
Large projects backed by the larger utilities seem to be safe , but more speculative projects are running into trouble , because of the difficulty in obtaining financing .
The Times quotes Ian Whitlock , a partner of Ernst & Young specializing in utilities as saying , “ The market has definitely tightened up .
The lending rates over Libor and the covenants on renewable energy deals in particular are being toughened up . ”
In the US , wind energy has been hit very hard .
Prior to the credit crisis , the top financers of wind energy included Lehman Brothers , AIG , JP Morgan , and GE Energy Financial .
As a result of the credit crisis , these organizations are less able to lend .
Congress recently extended a 2.1 cents per kilowatt hour tax credit , but this does n’t seem to be working , partly because the banks who would normally invest in wind energy are not themselves very profitable , so get little benefit from the tax credit , and partly because of concern that the wind energy will not be very profitable , and therefore have difficulty paying back the loans .
The situation in the US for solar and geothermal is similar to that for wind .
German solar - power company Schott Solar AG , for example , called off a $ 900 million initial public offering earlier this month , citing poor market conditions .
While the US Congress extended solar tax credit for eight years rather than one , it is of limited benefit to banks and other investors who are currently not profitable .
According to Forbes , “ While the good news is that solar technology is poised to continue its impressive growth streak , the bad news is that a perfect storm is on the horizon as a wave of supply converges with diminishing government subsidies and a very chilly credit market .
This will require solar manufacturers to reduce prices to compete and could spell trouble for smaller module makers or companies overly reliant on credit to operate . ”
Nuclear
Even nuclear seems to be hitting headwinds with the current credit crisis .
First , with the credit crisis , it is more difficult to finance new nuclear power plants and other infrastructure .
We read , “ Funding ‘ Iffy ’ for Uranium Enrichment Plant ” .
The article indicates that US ’s only provider of enriched uranium , USEC Inc. , wants to build a new $ 3.5 billion facility , but cannot get public marketing financing , given the current market situation .
It is hoping to get a Department of Energy loan guarantee .
Second , the spot price of uranium has dropped by more than half .
While most production is sold on long - term contracts , rather than in spot markets , this , together with the lack of credit , is inhibiting new investment .
Cameco , the largest uranium producer in the world , reports , “ Growth will take place but at a slower and more measured pace .
We will look for opportunities to reduce costs and defer projects that cannot be funded internally . ”
One new South African mine , which was still in pre-commercial production , has recently closed , partly due to declining uranium prices and rising costs of inputs .
The company said it could not raise the required capital to fund development and subsequent production at the mine because of the global credit squeeze .
In the next few years , it is likely that uranium production will fall short of the amount needed by operating nuclear power plants worldwide .
Currently , nuclear warheads are being processed , but the treaty covering this will expire in 2013 , and will probably not be renewed .
In addition , several mines will be reaching the ends of their lives in about the same timeframe , and new production requires eight to ten year lead times .
At this point , it is likely already too late to bring enough production on to meet uranium needs in the 2013 to 2015 timeframe .
The credit crisis will only make the situation worse .
I wrote this post about three weeks ago , and I do n't think things have gotten much better since then .
According to Merrill Lynch , the average junk bond yield is now greater than 20 % .
A recent Wall Street Journal article ( behind pay wall ) says , " The junk bond market has closed the door . "
The article indicates that in November , no new junk bonds were issued .
It also indicates that about half of US corporations have below - investment - grade credit , and thus are being locked out of the market .
It seems likely that quite a number of these companies are in the energy field .
Near - simultaneous free streams of English - subbed Shippūden to begin on January 15
The North American anime distributor Viz Media has announced that it will begin streaming the latest episodes of the Naruto Shippūden anime sequel within a week of their Japanese broadcast premiere — for free — on January 15 .
The next latest episode will be added with English subtitles every Thursday thereafter .
In addition , the official Naru to.com website will stream the first eight episodes of Naruto Shippuden for free on January 2 .
The website will add eight more episodes every Friday thereafter until all of the earlier episodes are online .
Naru to.com is already streaming the episodes of the first Naruto ninja action series , and its ad - supported streams are available to users in the United States and Canada .
Viz Media has also confirmed that it will publish volumes 34 to 44 of Masashi Kishimoto 's original Naruto manga between February and April of next year .
Volume 44 had only just shipped in Japan this month .
After volume 44 , Viz Media will release the Naruto manga on a quarterly schedule .
Cartoon Network is airing the last episodes of the first 220 - episode Naruto anime series with English dubbing every Saturday evening .
( Viz Media has not indicated when Naruto Shippūden will be available with English dubbing , or how it will be available . )
The Naruto Shippūden sequel takes place two and a half years after the first Naruto anime series as the older , somewhat more mature title character returns to his village of Konoha and faces the Akatsuki criminal ninja organization .
By January 15 , the Japanese television station TV Tokyo will have aired about 90 episodes of Naruto Shippūden .
Image © 2002 Masashi Kishimoto / 2007 Shippuden
Update : Viz Media has confirmed , as TV Tokyo's press release announced earlier , that the Joost and Hulu video services will also stream the Naruto Shippūden episodes for free at the same time as Naruto.com will .
Link of the day - Guesstimation : Solving the World ’s Problems on the Back of a Cocktail Napkin
FAYETTEVILLE , Ark. -
Here 's some food for thought :
If you have nude photos of your wife on your cell phone , hang onto it .
Phillip Sherman of Arkansas learned that lesson after he left his phone behind at a McDonald 's restaurant and the photos ended up online .
Now he and his wife , Tina , are suing the McDonald 's Corp. , the franchise owner and the store manager .
The suit was filed Friday and seeks a jury trial and $ 3 million in damages for suffering , embarrassment and the cost of having to move to a new home .
The suit says that Phillip Sherman left the phone the Fayetteville store in July and that employees promised to secure it until he returned .
Manager Aaron Brummley declined to comment , and other company officials did n't return messages .
[ Via - MSNBC ]
The Business Of Stock Photography
Dumping Starbucks For Profit
How Does Society React To Economic Crisis ?
Credit Crunch Is A Boon For Cookbook Publishers
Easing Death 's Sting While Turning A Profit
Digital / Internet Marketing & Advertising Company .
Creative Agency .
Building Brands .
Enhancing Communications .
Business Development .
Our Services read more + read more + read more + read more + read more + read more + read more + read more +
Welcome To SEO Traffic Spider
There are more than a billion searches that are conducted online everyday hence , having a solid web presence in the search engines is vital for any business .
Our experienced graphic designers , seo writers and search engine optimizers can optimize your existing website and take it to the next level .
Or , we can create a new website that is optimized to sell your products and services that will bring qualified leads to you thereby , increasing your ROI and making your business successful .
When it comes to SEO , the content of your website is the king .
It ’s a known fact that if you want your website to rank on the top of the search results then the content must be original , relevant and related to the products or services that you offer .
This is the path that can deliver rankings but it requires planning , dedication and skill .
Our goal at SEO Traffic Spider is to help your business improve its web presence while creating a positive ROI that lasts !
Hence , do n’t try to run your business and do all the marketing yourself .
Let us do it for you , as we take the time to understand your business and the challenges that you face .
We will help you in creating that edge over your competitors , while we let you focus on the reason that you got into business .
When you hire us as your partner , you get the power of knowledge base that works for you .
Testimonials SEO Full / Part Time Spider Client " I have used the SEO package of SEO Traffic Spider and am quite impressed with their professionalism and services .
I now appear on page 1 for most of my chosen keywords and have seen my sales increase dramatically " ...
John Mike " seotrafficspider.com is a great website to learn or refresh your knowledge of driving traffic to your website .
It explains the good and the bad ! " ... Heather Frazier [ Marketing Manager at Wine and Spirits Shippers Association ]
I hired Farazdak in 2010 to provide web consulting and web marketing task .
I must say that hiring Farazdak for the project is the best decision i made .
Very prompt , detail oriented and trust worthy .
I would highly recommend farazdak for anyone looking for get SEO and Web Consulting Work done .
... Eddie Haq
This is where we come in to rescue you .
We do not like to outsource , simply because we have a team full of resources carefully handpicked for their SEO knowledge and proven track records .
Our team includes web designers , writers , internet marketers , and Google AdWords specialists .
The content we create , the content outreach methods using technical as well as exhaustively discussed and reviewed strategies formulated and then customized for you within our very office in Hyderabad , India , all are designed to give you the right bang for your buck .
While it does sound too good to be true , we are confident of maintaining our current client retention rate of 100 % .
At SEO Traffic Spider , you will not be bound by contracts , but by our results .
To get a personalized consultation on your website please click here .
Above is a list of our comprehensive digital marketing solution by which we get the search engines to work for your business !
Weekly Infographic Ebooks and Case Studies Check for the latest Infographic Ebooks and Case Studies that The Nerdy Spiders are creating an impact , as their core strategy of their work .
Read More Free SEO Analysis Report SEO Traffic
Spider now offers you a Free SEO Analysis Report for your website which is your key to search engine optimization – On Page and Off Page .
Read More Search Engine Submissions Submit your website to 140 Search Engines for just $ 1.50 only .
Click Here Our Clients
A Jazz Improvisation Primer was one of the very first jazz education resources ever to appear on the World Wide Web , debuting back in the 1990's .
It has followed me through several different site designs , servers , platforms , and site redesigns - and survived a number of crashes along the way .
It has been offered for free since the very beginning , and has been enjoyed by countless musicians over the years .
I am proud to continue making this popular resource available to all here on my Mastering MuseScore School , where I also offer a growing collection of additional resources .
You can access the individual sections of the Primer directly using the Preview buttons below ( and be sure to expand the listing to see it all ) .
But even better , click the Enroll button - it 's completely free - for a really cool interface that lets you track your progress , leave comments , and more !
Plus , you 'll be informed of updates and new resources .
Carbon offsets are a great idea , in theory .
Buy a carbon offset , which goes to renewable energy or carbon absorbing projects , and increase the health of the planet , right ?
Not so clear cut , unfortunately .
The path from offset purchase to impact made has been muddied by lack of transparency on how much of your money paid goes to purchasing actual offsets versus to the company you bought them from , does it actually help further already happening projects , and might it actually be going towards an offset that ’s already been purchased by someone else , or is expired ?
It ’s this smoke and mirrors that ’s both made people distrustful of these schemes , and in the process missed out on more actual impact being made .
Village Green , a company that previously had declined to start a carbon offset program for just these reasons , is now launching one of their own , tomorrow , with complete transparency and at a much more affordable price .
Based on the RGGI program that just launched a few weeks ago in 10 Northeastern states , it ’s pretty simple :
Power utility providers there will be required to have a permit for each ton of carbon they emit .
The number of permits will be reduced annually .
With only so many to go around , they will have to find ways to reduce their emissions .
Enter Village Green .
You as an individual or business buy an offset , and that further reduces the number of permits available to companies in the RGGI states , so that even more emissions reductions have to happen .
To give you the power to know your offset is making a difference , and that it has n’t been double sold , each will have it ’s own serial number , verifiable via the RGGI site .
Village Green will be up front about their piece of this , taking a 10 % margin .
The end result ?
Offsets at $ 4/ ton , versus what can be as much as $ 18 / ton elsewhere .
With concrete results generated .
If carbon offsets still do n’t add up to you , Village Green also gives you the capability to buy renewable energy for yourself through the existing system , forcing utilities that are required to have x % of their energy sources be renewable to add more renewable energy to their portfolio to make up the difference you created .
The animation on this page makes it clear just how this works .
So , knowing this , you now have two new ways to decrease pollution and increase renewable energy , no installation required !
Their offsets program starts tomorrow , 10/17/08 .
Readers :
What other innovative , affordable ways have you found for achieving this ?
~~~~
Additional reading :
How To Use Offsets
In Your Marketing – Ecopreneurist
Carbon Offsets : Creating Something Real From Hot Air – Ecopreneurist
What The Recent Renewable Energy Legislation Means For Consumers And Entrepreneurs – Ecopreneurist
The unplanned stop at Canberra to refuel turned into a four - hour wait for the fuel truck to arrive .
By the time the plane was ready to take off again Sydney airport 's 11 pm curfew was in force , prompting Qantas to apply to the Department of Transport for special dispensation to land .
It was refused .
The airline kept passengers on board until 5.30 am yesterday , in anticipation of the airport 's curfew ending at 6 am .
By that time the cabin crew had already exceeded their maximum shift time and a new crew was called in .
Shortly before 6 am the airline made a decision to book hotel rooms for passengers for the four hours before the plane could take off .
They were processed by a single Customs officer in Canberra .
" It was a nightmare , " said Francis Chippeck , who travelled with her daughter , Ava , 2 , from Singapore .
" The plane was hot and sticky and I ran out of nappies at about 1 am .
" They gave me two extras but by yesterday morning I was down to the last one and I had to say to her , ' You better not poo . " '
Ronald Ross and his four children , aged 4 to 15 , joined the Qantas flight on Friday morning after travelling from London the day before .
By the time they arrived in Sydney the family had spent 72 hours on planes and waiting at airports .
" The whole time we were on there they only gave us two biscuits and a bottle of water , " he said .
" The crew were great but the only thing that annoyed me was that I had four children and I asked them if we could get them off the plane first and in the end we were the last to get off . "
Other passengers commended the Qantas cabin crew , saying some of the stewards offered their own mobile phones for people to call their families to tell them of their delays .
But one passenger , who asked only to be identified as Martin , said the crew were forced to ration everything on board throughout the night .
" I had to ask for toilet paper , " he said .
" They only gave me four sheets . "
A Qantas spokeswoman said : " The aircraft stopped at Singapore from Europe so there would n't have been [ resources ] left on board , anyway . "
She said it was not possible to get extra supplies on board at Canberra .
" Canberra 's not set up to service a 747 - they do n't normally land there ; it 's not an international airport . "
A Department of Transport spokesman did not respond to questions about why it denied Qantas dispensation to break the curfew .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
10/30/2008
Dobson conferenced into ' The Call '
by Jeremy Hooper
It has been announced that Focus on the Family 's James Dobson will join the estimated 70,000 Christians who this weekend will converge upon San Diego 's Qualcomm Stadium to pray ( and willingly stop eating ) in the hopes that gay people will have their equal rights taken away on November 4th :
The weekend , anti-gay , food - deprived event is called " The Call . "
Here 's sincerely hoping that God will send it to voicemail , then order out for pizza .
** More on " The Call " : Evangelical group says event is not a political rally [ Union - Tribune ]
**SEE ALSO : PFAW has done an exhaustive piece on " The Call " and its extremist leader , Lou Engle : Prop 8 's Call to Extremism [ PFAW ]
**SEE ALSO :
The truly disturbing promo for the weekend event :
** UPDATE : Gay existence in general : That 's ' The Call 's true hang up ! [ G - A - Y ]
Your thoughts
Wow that is a disturbing ad !
Posted by : Randy | Oct 30 , 2008 9:36:03 AM
OMGosh !
It 's totally too bad that my husband and I will be at Salem that day !
And by Salem , do n't mean that OTHER place they whipped the crowd into a frenzy and used God to condemn their neighbors and kin to eternal damnation .
No , I mean Salem , that super - cool Halloween party put on by The Saint that has n't happened since 1994 !
We 're going in Britney - Horror Picture Show drag and will , along with our 3,000 fellow revelers , join our west - coast homo - bashing brethren in rending of garments , gnashing of teeth , speaking ( or something ) in tongues , and self - consciously trying to separate ourselves from the reality of the world .
Something tells me that our outfits are going to be way cooler but nothing is scarier than the ghouls on stage in San Diego !
They even frighten my conservative Christian parents !
Yours in thigh - high Converse boots ,
Sykler and Muff
Posted by : Sykler | Oct 30 , 2008 10:05:46 AM
Some food for thought from Robert A. Baker : " What happens when the same number of people pray for something as pray against it ?
How does God decide whose prayer to answer ?
Does the total number of people praying for or against something matter ?
How about the righteousness of the supplicants ?
Are positive prayers answered more frequently than negative ones ?
Does God take the positive ones and Satan the negative ?
Does the intensity of the praying have any effect on the outcome ?
Does the length of time one devotes to praying have any effect on the frequency with which one 's prayers are answered ?
Do the words and phrases used in the prayer -- either positive or negative -- have any bearing on the success rate ?
Does the nature of the thing or things prayed for have any bearing on the prayer 's success rate -- either positive or negative prayers ?
Why or why not ? ? "
Full article here : http://www.csicop.org/sb/9709/baker.html
Posted by : EvilPoet | Oct 30 , 2008 10:28:51 AM
Ha , instead of " hold back the flood " , it should say , " hold back the food " ;-)
Posted by : Chris ( in Columbus ) | Oct 30 , 2008 10:57:03 AM
" Evangelical group says event is not a political rally " LOL , I guess it stops being politics when you incite people with such fear that they can't seeing any line between religion and politics .
A " Battle Between Light and Darkness , " calling people your enemy , no values whatsoever .
Posted by : Patrick B | Oct 30 , 2008 11:30:21 AM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Could an Obama Win Restore America 's Global Image ?
Obama Candidacy Helps Revive America 's Sagging Image Abroad
If the world could vote , Barack Obama would win by a landslide .
He 'd take 78 percent of the vote in France , 72 percent in Germany , 70 percent in Canada and 61 percent in Japan , according to global newspaper polls and Harris Interactive , a market research firm in Rochester , N.Y .
Beneath those numbers , running parallel to Obama - mania , is a shifting global view of the United States .
One week before Election Day , the world is revising its opinion of America .
After a drop of confidence in the United States , presidential candidate Barack Obama has revived the U.S. brand , exporting a vision of American renewal to a world watching the election with unprecedented interest .
" He 's just stirred the imagination of ordinary people , " said Daniel Kinnear , a veteran diplomat based in South Africa .
" For a country like South Africa that is coming out of a legacy of apartheid and is still dealing with its legacy , Obama remains a sign of hope .
There 's an incredible romanticism of having a black American on the forefront of change in the United States . "
" If Obama does win , this could also be the moment when the world stops hating America , " Vir Sanghvi , an Indian columnist , wrote in the Hindustan Times .
" The world will feel engaged by an Obama presidency .
By electing Obama they have the chance to earn ... goodwill , to transform their country 's image , and to finally stem the rising tide of global anti-Americanism . "
Since President Bush took office in 2000 , approval of the United States has dropped , along with its soft power -- indirect influence by which the United States can advance its policy goals without the use of force or coercion .
Through wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , plus the ineffable war on terror , America 's battle tactics have cut into its moral standing abroad .
Europe experienced the rise of " friendly fire anti-Americanism " when protests against America rocked longstanding U.S. allies such as France , Spain and Germany , where roughly one in three people now hold a favorable view of the United States -- significantly fewer since the war in Iraq .
In this year 's Pew Global Attitudes poll , the United Kingdom was the only European country surveyed in which a majority of people , 53 percent , expressed a positive view of the United States .
Economic might , usually a given for the United States , has withered , as most countries begin to believe that the U.S. economy is having a negative effect on theirs , experts say .
" There 's a lot of anger that this financial crisis was made in America and that other countries are going to be paying the bills for the casino culture on Wall Street , " said Jeff Kingston , a professor at Temple University 's Japan campus .
Whether Obama can solve those problems -- and whether he wins -- he is the man of the hour to a world yearning for a clean break from the past eight years .
That " change " is Obama 's foremost talking point and has aligned him in timing and tone with the global zeitgeist .
New Kudos From Old Europe
Obama 's marquis moment as a global statesman was a July 24 , 2008 , speech in Berlin that drew 200,000 cheering Germans at the pinnacle of a trip that also took him through Kuwait , Iraq and Israel .
Karsten Voigt , the German government 's coordinator for trans -Atlantic relations , told reporters that " Germany is Obamaland .
Germans see the African - American senator as a kind of mixture of JFK and Martin Luther King Jr . "
In the Berlin speech , Obama emphasized terrorism , security , nuclear nonproliferation and climate change as campaign priorities , all topics that resonate powerfully with a global audience .
Obama has been similarly embraced by the masses in other European states .
Among the French public , only 1 percent would want Sen. John McCain as president , according to a poll by France 24 , a news and current affairs television channel .
In France , Obama 's rise revived the discourse about racial minorities there , where blacks and Arabs have long complained of being politically marginalized .
Asia 's Approach
In Japan , where approval of the United States has dropped 11 percentage points since last year -- roughly half of Japanese people disapprove of America -- Obama has a strong fan base .
The epicenter of enthusiasm is the coastal enclave of Obama City , Japan .
The local population of 32,000 has embraced the senator , who happens to share their city 's name .
" Mr. Obama does not feel like a stranger to us , " said Seiji Fujihara , secretary general of a gathering known as the Group that Supports Barack Obama Voluntarily .
" We both carry the name Obama , and he is like a relative .
If Mr. Obama becomes the president , we will form a delegation and try to visit him at the White House .
That would be awesome . "
Kingston said , " People feel that if America is ready to elect a black man president , it 's a good sign that America is living up to its own ideals .
" For the Japanese , who have long felt the sharp edge of American racism , this is a welcome thing . "
In China , the rationale behind support for Obama varies .
" I prefer Obama to be the president , because he is a black man , " said Zhou Yan , a student of diplomacy and international studies at Beijing Foreign Studies University .
" It will be very revolutionary , because it means black people have ... equal rights with white people in America . "
Shi Yinghong , director of American Studies at People 's University in Beijing , said that the global financial crisis has turned more Chinese attention to the U.S. election .
" Chinese were generally neutral .
Now they more favor Obama over McCain , " Yinghong said .
" If there were no financial crisis people would be more concerned for the colors of the candidates .
But now overwhelmingly ... hopes and fears are conditioned with the financial crisis .
Less people are concerned about black or white . "
Around the world , non-Americans eager to weigh in are expressing themselves through Web sites like Voices without Votes and The World Wants Obama .
The Middle East
In Israel , fans of the Illinois senator are reaching out to quell fears of an Obama presidency through a video called " Israelis for Obama , " which has been posted on YouTube and at the Jewish Journal .
Halfway through the video a handful of Israelis chant his middle name , Hussein , as if to debug it of any stigma .
In other corners of the Middle East , a potential Obama win would help restore the image of America among allies and adversaries .
" I think someone like Obama would make a huge difference , " said Hafed Al Ghewell , a Libyan - American living in Dubai .
" It would be an incredibly pleasant statement to the world from the United States , both that the U.S. is still the most capable country of correcting itself and the country that is able to go beyond the expectations of the world . "
Al Ghwell and others say the Arab world is watching with caution , even as the widely popular candidate commands a broad lead over the Arizona senator in domestic polls .
" There 's a fear that the majority of American whites are n't ready for a black president , this notion of will they ' let ' him win ? " said Emile Hokayem , political editor of The National newspaper in Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates .
" Could a black man really get to the very top ?
People are pretty puzzled by it . " .
Hokayem said that in the Arab world , the election invokes a conspiratorial view of U.S. politics , one he thinks will be reinforced if Obama loses .
" Middle - Easterners have a very dark image of the policy system in Washington , " Hokayem said .
" Somehow you have big players -- mostly white guys , a couple of them part of the Zionist lobby , and a few others , defense contractors and the oil industry -- who determine the outcome . "
Bush Foes , Future Friends ?
Iran and Venezuela , two foreign policy bogeymen of the Bush administration , recognize that a President Obama could drastically reroute the U.S. approach to their governments .
Obama has said that as president he would engage in talks with both countries , fueling excitement for the prospect of normalized relations .
" Most of my relatives say they 're sick of the old Washington system , " said Sina Tabesh , 24 , who follows U.S. politics from his home in Tehran .
" They 're very optimistic about Obama . "
In a show of support , Tabesh changed his facebook profile picture to a portrait of Obama .
Others in Iran have seen enthusiasm tempered as Obama filled out his platform on Middle East policy .
" People thought most highly of him when his first biography was translated into Persian , " said Mohammad Marandi , Professor of American Studies at Tehran University .
" The AIPAC talk changed the way Iranians thought of him . "
In that speech at the June policy conference of AIPAC , or the American Israel Public Affairs Committee , a pro-Israel lobby , Obama called Iran the greatest threat to Israel and to the peace and stability of the region .
Still , said Nader Talebzadeh , a filmmaker and public intellectual in Tehran , there 's a " preference toward Obama , because of the hawkish attitudes of McCain and Palin .
" They hope that he 'll be a rational man who wo n't be swayed by irrational pressure , pressures that would push countries and the world into war .
If Obama does n't become president , then we 're going to gear up for turbulent waters . "
Talebzadeh points to a racial ripple in Iranian public opinion : Many in the Islamic Republic identify with black Americans and the civil rights movement , its symbolism of an oppressed minority pushing back against the mainstream .
" There 's great respect for figures like Martin Luther King Jr. , " Talebzadeh said .
" There 's great sympathy for African - Americans in Iran .
During the hostage crisis , they were among the first released , " a reference to the U.S. Embassy takeover in 1979 .
Obama vs. Osama
The most lethal form of anti-Americanism that has grown up during the Bush era is the form that lives in pockets of the Muslim world , fueling violent jihad .
The next four years of battle for hearts and minds will pit the U.S. president against the ideologues of al Qaeda , inspired by but not necessarily under the direct command of Osama bin Laden .
A potential Obama win , say experts , would undercut some of the talking points and emotional arguments that demonize the United States to the benefit of Muslim extremists .
" Barack Obama must be unsettling for Mr. bin Laden .
An African - American with a father born in Kenya and a childhood spent partly in Indonesia presents a very different face to the world , " wrote Joe Nye of Harvard University .
" Certainly , the election of the first African - American as president would do wonders to restore the soft power that the Bush administration has squandered over the past eight years .
That is why Mr. Obama is such a threat to Mr. bin Laden : on the crucial soft power skills of emotional intelligence , vision and communication , Mr. Obama has the edge ?
that must be giving Mr. bin Laden a headache . "
Hafed Al Ghwell of the Dubai School of Government said the projected image of a President Obama would deflate the extremist cliche of America as a crusader state , targeting Muslims at home and abroad .
" That 's the jihadists ' image of America that they 've been able not only to portray but to solidify by using the policies of President Bush , " Al Ghwell said .
" Ironically , Bush solidified their arguments in the region .
It 's no longer going to be valid with somebody like Obama in office .
" He will take that sting out of any sort of sense that people feel that [ policies ] are racially or religiously or culturally motivated policy .
People will not see them in terms of a white man trying to impose his rule . "
Latin America
Just south of American voting booths , in Mexico , perceptions of a racially polarized election have fed similar fears .
" People in Mexico really want Barack to win , " said Jose Cohen , a journalist in Mexico City .
" There 's a fear in Mexico that when white Americans get into the polls they wo n't vote for the black guy .
" You hear people being skeptical of whether the extreme right will let him win , saying it 's never going to happen .
The extreme right will never allow a black man to be president . "
In Mexico , visions of the American dream -- a shot at working one 's way up the economic ladder -- have paled with the financial downturn .
Cohen said that 1,500 people are crossing the border back into Mexico as job opportunities grow scarce .
Mexico has felt neglected by the Bush administration , punished for opposing the 2003 invasion of Iraq .
" Bush blew us off the rest of his presidency , " Cohen said .
The desire for change has driven support for Obama , overpowering an initial bias rooted in Mexico 's own racial fears .
" At first , when he was contending with Hillary Clinton , Mexicans worried , felt that Hillary would be more for Mexico and Barack more for blacks , " Cohen said .
" Now people are starting to see it as an advantage that he 's from a minority . "
Meanwhile , Venezuela , an Iranian ally with strong political and commercial ties to the Islamic Republic , has been a stalwart American foe during the Bush era .
Widespread admiration for Obama among Venezuelans could muddy , if not derail , the harsh rhetoric between Caracas and Washington given an Obama win .
" For some time [ President Hugo ]
Chavez would have to cool off the fight with America , " said Fernando Juaregui , a Venezuelan journalist .
" The fact our president is [ biracial ] , like Obama , helps people in Venezuala relate to his background .
There 's respect that he 's a self - made person . "
Elsewhere in Latin America , tattered relationships and perceptions of the United States are opening to revision in light of a potential Obama presidency .
" The Cuban people are waiting in trepidation , hoping very much that Obama will win the election , " said Osmel Prieto Frometa , who owns a guest house in Baracoa , Cuba .
" Obama is a beacon of hope for us . "
Obama has vowed to normalize U.S. - Cuban relations in exchange for steps toward political reform .
" With Obama , things will change , " Frometa said .
" I 'm sure he will lift the embargo .
Reagan , Bush and McCain are all the same , but Obama is different :
He understands Latin Americans because he is black . "
High Hopes , Short Honeymoon ?
Whoever wins the U.S. election likely faces a honeymoon period of high public opinion , coming in on the heels of an unpopular president .
Experts say a McCain win would disappoint legions of Obama fans , who have come to see the candidate as the projection of their diverse hopes and policy goals .
" I think it would be a very deep disappointment , " Hokayem , the Abu Dhabi - based political analyst , said .
" It will also confirm some of the worst prejudices against the U.S. "
But while Obama is the clear global choice , pinning the world 's hopes on one man opens the risk of unfulfilled hopes and mismanaged expectations .
" What 's going to happen is once he takes office the people like Hugo Chavez are going to stand back and wait , " Mexican journalist Cohen said of a potential President Obama .
" It 's going to be a different thing when he takes office and has to make tough decisions . "
Hokayem said , " Who is elected is going to have to do a lot of damage control first and a lot of reassuring .
" Policy will change , but it will not change as drastically as people think .
While Obama will have some room for innovation , in other ways he 'll be constrained by realities on the ground , " he said .
" U.S. foreign policy is more than just the character or the background of the president . "
Cao Jun , Ammu Kannampilly , Christel Kucharz , Beth Loyd , Noriko Namiki , Gabriel O'Rorke , Donna Sherrington and Stephanie Sy contributed to this report .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
On a recent Saturday night , 200 or so members of Washington , DC’s Uighur community gathered at the Northern Virginia Community College cultural center to celebrate Nation ’s Day .
The event commemorated the Central Asian ethnic group ’s creation of the Republic of East Turkistan and declaration of independence from China — twice ( once in 1933 and again in 1944 ) .
The Uighurs ( pronounced WEE - gurz ) spent the evening listening to traditional poetry recited by an elderly man in a sequined hat who occasionally burst into patriotic a cappella song , calling on people to throw off the yoke of oppression .
Dark - suited men and women in elegant shiny head wraps clapped along with accordion music and consumed traditional Uighur party food : a whole lamb kebob , which was quickly stripped to the bone by hungry guests and their gaggle of children .
The attendees represented a large chunk of the nation ’s tiny Uighur community .
Yet the festive event was most notable for who was n’t there : 17 Uighur men who have been wrongly detained at Guantanamo Bay for nearly seven years .
The suburban Virginia Uighurs had hoped the men would attend the festivities after a federal judge in DC ordered the detainees released into the US in October .
The 17 men would have been the first Guantanamo detainees who are not US citizens allowed into the United States .
The Uighur community was ecstatic with the ruling , but the excitement was short - lived .
A day after US District Judge Ricardo Urbina ordered the detainees released , the DC Circuit Court of Appeals granted the Justice Department ’s emergency request to stay his decision .
Relying on McCarthy - era legal precedent , Justice Department lawyers argued that even though the men are no longer considered enemy combatants — they ’ve been cleared many times over of that status — detaining them indefinitely at Guantanamo is still legal .
The court will hear oral arguments Monday morning over whether or not Urbina ’s order to bring the men to the US should be enforced .
The long - running Uighur saga is one of the most heart - wrenching and complex stories to arise out of the global fight against terrorism since the September 11 attacks .
The fate of the 17 detainees holds great symbolic value for both the Bush administration and human rights activists who believe that the Uighurs represent all that has gone wrong with the administration ’s war on terror .
A Turkic - speaking Muslim ethnic group , Uighurs hail from a region along the old Silk Road in western China .
Their Republic of East Turkistan was an independent country from 1864 until 1876 , when the Manchu empire reinvaded and , after a bloody eight - year war , renamed it Xinjiang ( meaning “ new frontier ” ) .
In 1949 , Chinese communists annexed the area .
The Uighurs have long faced political and religious repression at the hands of the Chinese that has included everything from forced abortions and death penalties for dissent to the relocation of educated Uighurs to remote parts of the country .
In response , there have been outbursts of violence credited to Uighur nationalist groups , but those have been rare .
Uighur exiles in the US say that the Chinese government has inflated the threat of terrorism from Uighurs as an excuse to crack down on the religious minority .
Nonetheless , in 2002 , the Bush administration officially designated the Uighurs ’ East Turkistan Islamic Movement a terrorist group as it attempted to win Chinese support for its invasion of Iraq .
Uighur exile groups and other human rights experts criticized the designation at the time , saying that it was based on thin charges from the Chinese and that its main result would be more Chinese oppression of the Uighurs .
As it turned out , the designation set the stage for the indefinite detention of 17 men from Xinjiang who happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time .
In 2001 , about two dozen Uighurs who had left China were living in a camp in Afghanistan , where some were waiting for visas that would allow them to travel to Turkey , a country they had heard would grant them political asylum .
Some of the men would later acknowledge they had indeed gone for military training to help their countrymen fight the Chinese , though the extent of their training proved to be minimal at best .
When the US government invaded , the Uighur camp was bombed and the men fled to Pakistan , where bounty hunters turned them over to the US military for $ 5,000 a person .
The military transferred the men to Guantanamo Bay in 2002 , where they ’ve been ever since .
To justify the Uighurs ’ detention , the Pentagon has accused them of being members of the East Turkistan Islamic Movement , which it alleged was connected to Al Qaeda .
The military also claimed that the Uighurs had received military training sponsored by the Taliban or Al Qaeda while in Afghanistan .
US military officials allowed Chinese officials to interrogate the Uighurs after they had been “ softened up ” with sleep deprivation techniques decried as a form of torture .
Later , in 2004 , the Pentagon officially designated the Uighurs enemy combatants , even though there had already been talk about releasing them .
By 2005 , the Pentagon had concluded that the Uighurs were not terrorists and should be released .
But if the US sent the Uighurs back to China , they were likely to be persecuted .
So the State Department set to work trying to find them a home elsewhere .
But after all the publicity about the Guantanamo detainees and their alleged threat to humanity , no country would take them .
The Uighurs continued to languish at Guantanamo , where the military has denied most of them contact with their families back home .
Meanwhile , lawyers had begun to challenge the Uighurs ’ detention in federal court .
In 2006 , three days before oral arguments in their case , the US released five Uighur detainees and sent them to a refugee camp in Albania , where they languished for nearly two years .
( One has since been able to move to Sweden , where he had family ; the other four now live in apartments and work in a pizza parlor , according to their lawyer , Sabin Willett . )
The move prompted a diplomatic crisis between Albania and China , which had been demanding that the US send the Uighurs back to China .
Albania refused to take anymore Uighurs , and the Chinese government started to make veiled threats of trade sanctions to other countries , including Germany , that the US had approached to take the rest of the Uighurs .
So the remaining 17 Uighurs have been stuck at Guantanamo , still in prison , waiting for the State Department to find them a home .
In the end , it could be the great American melting pot that comes through for the Uighurs .
Members of northern Virginia ’s Uighur community have volunteered to take in the detainees if they are released into the US .
When the 17 remaining Uighur detainees petitioned the court for their release , they included a US resettlement plan as part of their argument that the US could no longer justify their indefinite detention now that there was somewhere they could safely go .
The proposal apparently played a significant role in Urbina ’s decision in October to order the detainees freed .
The Justice Department , however , has vigorously resisted releasing the Uighurs into the US .
As Willett , the lawyer representing the Uighur detainees says , “ It ’s all a desperate rearguard action to make sure the Uighurs never show up on 60 Minutes . ”
Depending on how the DC Appellate Court responds to Monday ’s arguments , Ilshat Hassan could soon have a new roommate .
A member of the Uyghur American Association ( the UAA uses an alternative spelling of Uighur ) , Hassan had been a teacher for 15 years in China before he came to the United States and received political asylum .
The Booz - Allen “ administrative professional ” lives in an apartment in McLean , Virginia , where he has volunteered to take in one of the detainees , teach him English , and help him get a job , the same way other Uighurs helped him when he arrived here as a refugee .
At the cultural center , I asked him whether he thought his neighbors might be concerned that a former “ enemy combatant ” would be living among them .
He did n’t think they ’d mind , mostly because the detainees “ are innocent and everyone knows that . ”
Besides , he said , most of his neighbors are single guys from Iran .
They know a little about guilt by association when it comes to terrorism allegations .
Hassan said his biggest job will be teaching his new charge about American culture and how to respect other people ’s opinions .
After living in communist China , with one - sided media and propaganda , “ We like to argue a lot , ” he said , laughing .
Turdi Ghoja , one of the founders of the UAA , said the families who have volunteered to take in the detainees do n’t believe they present any risk to the community .
“ Uighurs , no matter where they live , we assume we know them , ” he said , noting that people have volunteered because they recognize that “ It could be me .
It could be my brother . ”
At the same time , the Uighurs acknowledge that after seven years in detention , some of it solitary confinement , the detainees may have issues that go beyond those of other refugees .
“ I ’m sure they ’ve been exposed to a lot of things and they ’ve suffered a lot , ” Ghoja said .
But none of them expect the detainees to turn their anger on the US once they are here .
“ Any problems with the men being released can be prevented with two things : an apology and appropriate counseling , ” said Nury Turkel , an American - trained lawyer and past president of the UAA .
Indeed , if the American Uighur community is harboring any resentment over the detainee issue , they were n’t showing it at the cultural center .
Looking around the room at the folks gathered for music and lamb , Turkel said with a sweep of the hand , “ The vast majority of people you see here are grateful for political asylum .
Uighurs are still pro-America , believe it or not . ”
Like them , he expects that the detainees will appreciate the fact that while the US may have illegally imprisoned them , the country also did not return them to China , as the Chinese demanded .
“ From the detainees ’ perspective , it would be a big defeat for China if they are released here , ” Ghoja said .
In a strange way , the detainee case has helped publicize the Uighurs ’ larger human rights cause in China , too .
“ The funny thing about the Uighurs is that they are the Tibetans you ’ve never heard of , ” says Willett .
The Uighurs even have their own version of the Dali Lama in Rebiya Kadeer , a Uighur business owner who was once one of the most wealthy women in China .
She spent five years in a Chinese prison for sending newspaper clippings on human rights abuses to her husband in Oklahoma .
Kadeer had been on her way to meet with an American congressional delegation when she was arrested .
Kadeer is a sprightly older woman with long , black braids who now lives in suburban Virginia .
She was at the Nation ’s Day celebration , in a room decorated with photos of her with George and Laura Bush , Nelson Mandela , Madeline Albright , and even the Dalai Lama .
She is one of the reasons that the Uighurs do n’t harbor more anger toward the US government over the detainees ’ treatment .
“ President Bush helped rescue me from Chinese prison , ” she explained through a translator .
( The Chinese released Kadeer a few days before Condolezza Rice visited China in 2005 to discuss human rights and other issues . )
Kadeer and the other members of the Uighur community seem more upset about the Chinese role in the detainee debacle than the US’s .
They believe the Uighurs landed at Guantanamo because China fabricated stories about Uighur terrorist groups .
“ They call me personally , and the World Uighur Congress , a terrorist organization , ” Kadeer said .
“ But we are firmly united against terrorism .
We understand what terror means because we are the victims . ”
She said that while it ’s tragic that the Uighurs were imprisoned at Guantanamo , what ’s important to her is that they eventually got their day in an unbiased court .
“ In the 60 years of my life , that was the first time I saw a Uighur able to defend himself in a court of law , ” she said , noting that tens of thousands of innocent Uighurs are in prison in China , where they ca n’t get lawyers even though they are facing the death penalty .
“ I ’m an example .
I was one of them .
I was innocent . ”
Two of Kadeer ’s eleven children are still in prison because of her involvement in human rights work .
“ Compared to that situation , the young men in Guantanamo , they got a just court .
They had their voices heard through lawyers .
I greatly appreciate the fact that they had the opportunity to have a court trial .
They will appreciate that . ”
Photo from Flickr user Manila Ryce used under a Creative Commons license .
However , China still regards Taiwan as a renegade province which must be reunited with Beijing at all costs .
Much of this week 's negotiation will hinge on whether Mr Chen will recognise Mr Ma 's government and address him as " President " when the two men meet on Thursday .
If Mr Chen simply calls him " Mr " , it would be a serious loss of face for Taiwan .
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) -- Fannie Mae FNM , and Freddie Mac FRE , - 0.46 % said late Thursday that they will temporarily suspend foreclosures on occupied homes while the companies work on a streamlined modification program expected out in December .
Fannie and Freddie will not foreclose on occupied homes from Nov. 26 to Jan.
9 . Fannie said it will reach out to 10,000 affected borrowers and Freddie will reach out to 6,000 affected borrowers .
Since there was no garage door through which to drive the vehicle , he was forced to hire an excavator to gouge out a slope in his garden and then dig down into the foundations of his house .
The car was then hooked up to the excavator and pulled out .
Arcadia officials have imposed a temporary moratorium on massage therapy licenses amid concerns that the upscale town is becoming an unwitting capital of the massage .
In the last three years , the San Gabriel Valley city has granted 700 such licenses .
Last year , it gave out 175 , and on a single day this year , Sept. 15 , the city received 12 inquiries for applications for new massage therapy licenses .
Officials said that is too many for the city of 55,000 residents .
“ We ’re a small town , we do n’t need that many , ” City Manager Don Penman said .
Advertisement
In May , after several complaints by residents , the Arcadia Police Department began unannounced inspections of massage businesses with the help of the Los Angeles County Unity Coalition , a group working to address human trafficking .
A second round of inspections was conducted in the last few months by the fire , police and building code departments .
City officials found violations at 40 locations , including locked doors on massage rooms , incorrect wiring and no records of services given to customers who fled out the back door when officials arrived .
A detective also found a website that featured reviews of numerous massage businesses in Arcadia with references to sexual acts and names of masseuses , Police Chief Bob Sanderson said .
Some locations had as many as 12 massage therapists , and other businesses operated from as many as three different sites .
Sanderson estimates that the majority of the 40 businesses that were cited were involved in prostitution and sexual - related activities .
Advertisement
Even though massage parlors are prohibited in Arcadia , they are allowed at businesses that offer massage as a secondary service , such as spas , acupuncturists or physical therapists .
Sanderson said some such businesses turned massages into their primary service .
No one yet has been arrested on suspicion of prostitution and no criminal charges have been filed , he said .
Georgene Hawthorn , manager of Votre Salon on Baldwin Avenue , said she and the women she works with favor the moratorium .
“ I ’m all for it , ” she said .
“ We have so many here , it reminds me of a red - light district . ”
Advertisement
She said that there are as many as 29 massage businesses on Baldwin Avenue and that she could distinguish between those that are legitimate and those that involve prostitution .
“ You go in there and there are no reception areas , ” she said .
“ All the doors are locked , which is illegal .
And how the girls are .
If you are a woman that goes in , they tell you there are no appointments .
If a guy goes in , he gets an appointment . ”
Votre Salon has one registered masseuse , who was formerly a registered nurse , Hawthorn said .
The city has visited the salon and checked the masseuse ’s license at least three times in the last two years , including the most recent visit two months ago .
Advertisement
The city is considering tighter regulations , such as a conditional use permit process or an independent panel to test masseuses , Penman said .
The moratorium allows existing businesses to renew their licenses but prohibits new ones from applying for one .
--
james.wagner@latimes.com
Many people gobble big doses of vitamin C in hopes of boosting their immune system and warding off illness .
But new research shows that in people with cancer , the vitamin may do more harm than good .
Researchers at Memorial Sloan - Kettering Cancer Center in New York studied the effects of vitamin C on cancer cells .
As it turns out , the vitamin seems to protect not just healthy cells , but cancer cells , too .
The findings were published today in the journal Cancer Research .
“ The use of vitamin C supplements could have the potential to reduce the ability of patients to respond to therapy , ” said Dr. Mark Heaney , an associate attending physician at the cancer center , in a press release .
Dr. Heaney and his colleagues tested five different chemotherapy drugs on cancer cells in the laboratory .
Some of the cells were first treated with vitamin C .
In every case , including a test of the powerful new cancer drug Gleevec , chemotherapy did not work as well if cells had been exposed to vitamin C .
The chemotherapy agents killed 30 to 70 percent fewer cancer cells when the cells were treated with the vitamin .
A second set of experiments implanted cancer cells in mice .
They found that the tumors grew more rapidly in mice that were given cancer cells pretreated with vitamin C .
The researchers found that just like healthy cells , cancer cells also benefit from vitamin C .
The vitamin appeared to repair a cancer cell ’s damaged mitochondria , the energy center of cells .
When the mitochondria is injured , it sends signals that force the cell to die , but vitamin C interrupts that process .
“ Vitamin C appears to protect the mitochondria from extensive damage , thus saving the cell , ” Dr. Heaney said .
“ And whether directly or not , all anticancer drugs work to disrupt the mitochondria to push cell death . ”
Dr. Heaney measured the buildup of vitamin C levels in cells and said that the levels of vitamin C used in the experiments were similar to those that would result if a patient took large doses of the vitamin in supplement form .
Earlier research at the cancer center showed that vitamin C seems to accumulate within cancer cells more than in normal cells .
Patients should eat a healthy diet that includes foods rich in vitamin C , Dr. Heaney said , but it ’s the large doses of vitamin C in tablet form that are worrisome .
The Skein Hash Function
NIST is holding a competition to replace the SHA family of hash functions , which have been increasingly under attack .
( I wrote about an early NIST hash workshop here . )
Skein is our submission ( myself and seven others : Niels Ferguson , Stefan Lucks , Doug Whiting , Mihir Bellare , Tadayoshi Kohno , Jon Callas , and Jesse Walker ) .
Here ’s the paper :
Executive Summary Skein is a new family of cryptographic hash functions .
Its design combines speed , security , simplicity , and a great deal of flexibility in a modular package that is easy to analyze .
Skein is fast .
Skein - 512 — our primary proposal — hashes data at 6.1 clock cycles per byte on a 64 - bit CPU .
This means that on a 3.1 GHz x64 Core 2 Duo CPU , Skein hashes data at 500 MBytes / second per core — almost twice as fast as SHA - 512 and three times faster than SHA - 256 .
An optional hash - tree mode speeds up parallelizable implementations even more .
Skein is fast for short messages , too ; Skein - 512 hashes short messages in about 1000 clock cycles .
Skein is secure .
Its conservative design is based on the Threefish block cipher .
Our current best attack on Threefish - 512 is on 25 of 72 rounds , for a safety factor of 2.9 .
For comparison , at a similar stage in the standardization process , the AES encryption algorithm had an attack on 6 of 10 rounds , for a safety factor of only 1.7 .
Additionally , Skein has a number of provably secure properties , greatly increasing confidence in the algorithm .
Skein is simple .
Using only three primitive operations , the Skein compression function can be easily understood and remembered .
The rest of the algorithm is a straightforward iteration of this function .
Skein is flexible .
Skein is defined for three different internal state sizes — 256 bits , 512 bits , and 1024 bits — and any output size .
This allows Skein to be a drop - in replacement for the entire SHA family of hash functions .
A completely optional and extendable argument system makes Skein an efficient tool to use for a very large number of functions : a PRNG , a stream cipher , a key derivation function , authentication without the overhead of HMAC , and a personalization capability .
All these features can be implemented with very low overhead .
Together with the Threefish large - block cipher at Skein core , this design provides a full set of symmetric cryptographic primitives suitable for most modern applications .
Skein is efficient on a variety of platforms , both hardware and software .
Skein - 512 can be implemented in about 200 bytes of state .
Small devices , such as 8 - bit smart cards , can implement Skein - 256 using about 100 bytes of memory .
Larger devices can implement the larger versions of Skein to achieve faster speeds .
Skein was designed by a team of highly experienced cryptographic experts from academia and industry , with expertise in cryptography , security analysis , software , chip design , and implementation of real - world cryptographic systems .
This breadth of knowledge allowed them to create a balanced design that works well in all environments .
Here ’s source code , text vectors , and the like for Skein .
Watch the Skein website for any updates — new code , new results , new implementations , the proofs .
NIST ’s deadline is Friday .
It seems as if everyone — including many amateurs — is working on a hash function , and I predict that NIST will receive at least 80 submissions .
( Compare this to the sixteen NIST submissions received for the AES competition in 1998 . )
I expect people to start posting their submissions over the weekend .
( Ron Rivest already presented MD6 at Crypto in August . )
Probably the best place to watch for new hash functions is here ; I ’ll try to keep a listing of the submissions myself .
The selection process will take around four years .
I ’ve previously called this sort of thing a cryptographic demolition derby — last one left standing wins — but that ’s only half true .
Certainly all the groups will spend the next couple of years trying to cryptanalyze each other , but in the end there will be a bunch of unbroken algorithms ; NIST will select one based on performance and features .
NIST has stated that the goal of this process is not to choose the best standard but to choose a good standard .
I think that ’s smart of them ; in this process , “ best ” is the enemy of “ good . ”
My advice is this : immediately sort them based on performance and features .
Ask the cryptographic community to focus its attention on the top dozen , rather than spread its attention across all 80 — although I also expect that most of the amateur submissions will be rejected by NIST for not being “ complete and proper . ”
Otherwise , people will break the easy ones and the better ones will go unanalyzed .
EDITED TO ADD ( 10/30 ) :
Here is a single website for all information , including cryptanalysis , of all the SHA - 3 submissions .
A spoke to a reporter who told me that , as of yesterday , NIST had received 30 submissions .
And three news articles about Skein .
Posted on October 29 , 2008 at 6:35 AM • 148 Comments
I am becoming increasingly frustrated by Common Lisp 's age .
On the one hand , history makes it what it is : Mature , well - documented , thoroughly understood and practical .
On the other , it fails to keep up with current system designs , lacking convenient native support for rich data structures , infrastructure access and parallel programming .
No programming language choice is without tradeoffs and in that respect , and I 'll still chose Common Lisp in many situations .
Realistically , though , Common Lisp cannot be the only language in my tool chest .
For browser work , Javascript is much more practical , and for parallel programming , I 'm on the lookout .
On my last visit in Cambridge , I attended the Boston Lisp Meeting .
The presentation scheduled was about the new Lisp dialect the Clojure by Rich Hickey , who is the creator of this language .
Parallel programming is one of the areas that Clojure wants to make easier .
It does so by making all data structure immutable and by language - level abstractions for concurrent data access .
In that respect , it is similar to Erlang as it requires a functional programming style everywhere .
Unlike Erlang , which puts almost all operations with side effects behind a common message passing interface , Clojure exposes the full Java API to programs .
Thus , side effects can be produced everywhere , except in algorithms implemented in Clojure .
Clojure wants to be a Lisp , but it explicitly does not try to be backwards compatible .
This opened a rather large design space to Rich Hickey , and some of the choices he made really do make sense .
He specifies a reader , yet his reader does not intern symbols .
That is a big win , as it allows the reader to actually work with arbitary Clojure source files .
In Common Lisp , one needs to re-implement a full reader which does not intern symbols if one wants to read Common Lisp source files .
This is kind of ironic , as the " Code is Data " mantra that we keep repeating does not really reflect what is possible in practice .
Rich managed to make me enthusiastic about Clojure , and I decided to give it a spin with a real project that I wanted to conduct anyway : I am a Twitter user , and I would like to be notified of new posts to Planet Lisp on Twitter .
The program would read the Planet 's RSS feed using a HTTP request , determine if new items have been posted and update the Twitter status of the Planet Lisp Twitter account that I have set up for this purpose .
Getting the development environment up
My laptop runs Windows , but I do most of my Lisp development in a VMware running FreeBSD .
As Clojure is hosted on the Java virtual machine , I decided to avoid the indirection and use Windows as my native platform .
Clojure support for Slime is available , so I can stay in my familiar environment .
A very recent CVS checkout of Slime is required , which took me a little while to figure out .
Processing XML
It took me a another while to discover what the proper way to process XML in Clojure is .
An XML parser is included with the base distribution , but there is no information in the documentation how one would actually work with the data structure that is generated by the parser .
For my application , I wanted to iterate over certain elements in the XML and extract a few subelements in a loop .
An evaluator for XPath expressions would have suited the job , but obviously that is not the Clojure way to do it .
In Clojure , XML does not receive any special treatment .
The parser reads it into a tree , and processing is performed using functions that process trees .
As simple as it may sound , I had a hard time finding a practical example of how this was supposed to work .
Chris Houser finally got me on the right track when he pointed me to his zip_filter package .
zip_filter is a tool for filtering data out of trees , and it can work with trees produced by Clojure 's XML parser .
Once I had figured this out , things were very easy .
The Planet Lisp RSS feed can be read into an XML tree with
( clojure.zip/xml-zip ( clojure.xml / parse " http://planet.lisp.org/rss20.xml " ) )
( clojure.contrib.zip-filter.xml/xml-> xml : channel :item )
Making HTTP requests
and one can extract data out of the parsed tree using path expressions :
This certainly is concise and elegant , and I like the fact that XML is kept out of the program 's way .
Note that I 've included the namespace prefixes in the examples above so that they can be copied and pasted .
Normally , one would import these namespaces so that shorter or no namespace needs to be specified to access the symbols .
In order to update the Twitter status , a HTTP POST request to Twitter must be made .
A HTTP client which is based on the java.net .
HttpsURLConnection class is available from the Files section of the Clojure Google Group .
It is not a polished product and required some minor tweaking , but after that , fetching something using HTTP is as easy as
( http-client/url - do " http://planet.lisp.org/ " " GET " {} )
Reading and writing files
The Twitter gateway needs to persistently store the list of articles that it has found on Planet Lisp in order to decide which of the current articles are new .
Clojure is a Lisp and thus can read and write its own data structures easily , so all it takes is calling a few functions .
As in the XML case , the hard part was figuring out what the proper functions are , as the documentation is sparse .
I found Stuart Halloway 's Blog in which he publishes a number of articles describing how the examples from Peter Seibel 's book Practical Common Lisp can be implemented in Clojure .
The Simple Database example pretty much does the same thing that I required , so I looked at that .
Unfortunately , the " spit " function that is the complement to " slurp " and writes a string to a named file did not appear to exist in the clojure namespace .
It took a little grepping to find it in clojure .
contrib.duck -streams , and referenced from there , it works as expected .
Functional glue
Having all the required components in place , it was time to come up with the real code .
As data structures are immutable in Clojure , the challenge was to express the required loop so that both the new persistent state and the list of new postings would be maintained .
I came up with a recursive function with two accumulators :
( defn poll " Poll planet lisp , check for new postings , update Twitter status when new postings have appeared " [ ] ( save - data ( let [ old - data ( load - data ) process ( fn [ items new - data new - items ] ( if items ( let [ item ( first items ) guid ( first ( xml - > item : guid text ) ) ] ( recur ( rest items ) ( conj new - data guid ) ( if ( old - data guid ) new - items ( conj new - items ( first ( xml - > item : title text ) ) ) ) ) ) ( do ( maybe - post - twit new - items ) new - data ) ) ) ] ( process ( xml - > ( feed - to - zip " http://planet.lisp.org/rss20.xml " ) : channel :item ) # {} [ ] ) ) ) )
The Verdict
To Scheme programmers , this style should be familiar .
I find it not terrible myself , although one could certainly push things around to suit taste .
I was sceptical when I first read about Clojure .
I am sceptical of new languages in general , and new Lisp family members always make me think " why ? " first .
Rich Hickey 's presentation got me interested because he gave very good reasoning for his design choices .
He also is a very good presenter and could easily withstand an audience of die - hard Lispers that included people who have played an active role in the creation of Common Lisp .
But that is the singer , not the song .
The good
The fixed reader , vastly improved data structure support , access to a host of libraries and concurrency support all make a good case for Clojure .
It is Lisp in many respects , and in the uncompromised macro facility opens up the extensibility that I am used to from Common Lisp .
The bad
Clojure is not multi-paradigm in the sense that Common Lisp is : A functional programming style is required , and there is no way around that .
Making the comma be white space is somewhat of an arbitary decision , that does not match the other design choices that seem to be grounded better .
The ugly
The error messages that the compiler produces are mostly useless .
Debugging is hard , as no tracing facility and no breakpoints are available -
Or maybe they are , but I could not find them in the documentation .
The overall immaturity of the language shows frequently , and I have spent hours looking for code examples and finding my way through something that is very much in flux .
My Conclusion
I like Clojure , as it seems to fill my need for a language that supports concurrency and makes it possible to write modern desktop applications , while still being a Lisp .
I will use it for another project I have been planning to do in Erlang .
For general exploratory development , Clojure is not yet a good choice as the development environment is too immature .
I am not buying Rich Hickey 's claim that classic object oriented programming is bad because it does not support concurrency .
I begin thinking of object oriented systems more as active databases that allow modeling of complex , interconnected and persistent data structures .
Such structures are managable with a pure sequential execution model , and one should refrain from mixing that with tasks that are inherently concurrent .
Finally : My Twitter gateway for Planet Lisp exists , but I have not yet been able to deploy it .
Getting Java to run on FreeBSD / amd64 has proven to be kind of a challenge .
I will have this sorted out soon , so feel free to follow planet_lisp .
第1回の天才プログラマは、いわずと知れたLispの大御所ハッカー、竹内郁雄氏。
竹内氏の業績をひと言で語るのは難しい。1971〜1973年、日本電信電話公社（現NTT） 武蔵野電気通信研究所 基礎研究部において 、Lispを使った自然言語処理システムの研究を行い、1974〜1979年、同研究所で人工知能研究を支援するための記号処理システムを次々に開発。1980〜1986年、同研究所などで同社比約1000倍の規模の記号処理システムTAO/ELISを、ハードウェアからOS、応用ソフトまで一貫して設計・実装した。ELISについては竹内氏の功績を含めコンピュータ博物館にも記されている。また、竹内氏の考案した「tak関数」と「 Takeuchi関数 」は、Lispを発明したジョン・マッカーシー（John McCarthy）を通じて全世界のLispコミュニティで知られるようになった。
30歳代後半からは、異分野交流に関心を持ち『現代思想』や『月刊ASCII』で、異分野の専門家と対談・執筆も手掛けてきた。こうした異分野への探究心は、現在の東京大学情報理工学系研究科で行っているIT防災の研究開発や、情報処理推進機構（IPA）の若き天才プログラマの発掘・育成をする「未踏IT人材発掘・育成事業」、日本のITベンチャー育成を考える「 Vivid Software Vision」にもつながっている。
インターネット上では 「あまりにもスケールが大きい人なので従来の教育からはみ出してしまう」「 Lispの神さま 」 「あのバイタリティにはかなわない」と、ただならぬ存在と評されているようだ。小学生のころ、「8÷8」の答えが「0」だといい張り先生を困らせたという逸話もある（講演資料「異分野交流と異分野漫遊」竹内郁雄著）。いったい、どんなプログラマなのか。
竹内郁雄氏へ の10の質問
1．――平日と休日ごとに、1日のスケジュールを教えてください
竹内氏 現在は特に決まったスケジュールはないです。寝るのは毎日遅く、最近は土日が激しくつぶれています。2〜3年前までは毎週日曜日サッカーをしていました。
私が人生をかけて本気でプログラムを書いたのは45歳前後。「プログラマ35歳定年説」からはるかに後でした（表1）。
時間 行動 10 〜 11 時 起床。研究所にてトースターでパンを焼いて朝食を取る
11時45 分 グラウンドに出る 12〜13 時 昼休みのサッカーをする 13〜14 時 シャワーを浴びて昼食（カキ氷）を取る
14時〜深夜 プログラミング 表1 竹内氏が人生をかけて本気でプログラムを書いていたという45歳前後の1日のスケジュール
（表1は）完全な夜型生活です。ところが、開発で一番重要な時期、鬼のように開発をしていたある3カ月間は朝型になりました。理由は朝の方が仕事が進むからです。しかし1日の始まりは夜から（表2）。
時間 行動 20〜0 時 ビールを飲みながら一気呵成（かせい）にコードを書く 翌朝 8 時 前日のコードにドキュメントを付けながらプログラムを修正していく
11時45 分 グラウンドに出る 12〜13 時 サッカーをする 13〜14 時 シャワーを浴びて昼食（カキ氷）を取る
14〜20時 16進ダンプでデバッグをする 表2 人生で最も鬼のように開発をしていたというある3カ月間の1日のスケジュール
当時はアセンブラより低レベルなマイクロプログラムを毎日書いていました。酔っ払っているから書くコードはいいかげん。だから次の朝コメントを付けながら修正をして仕上げていきます。私は、「x=x+1」というコードに「xに1増やす」といったアホなコメントは書きません。コメントに心を込めます。コメントはプログラム自体よりもたくさん書きます。それを頭の冴えた午前中にやるのです。その後はいつもどおりサッカーをしますが、そこは何が何でも変えない。
2．――プログラミングで行き詰ったときはどうしますか？
竹内氏 あまりそんな経験はないけれ ど 、50 歳までは、デバッグで行き詰ったときは運動（つまりサッカー）が一番。また、運動後のシャワーでバグが取れたこともしばしば。つまり、悩んだ後は気分転換すると解が自然にわいてきます。
3．――プログラマとしてスキルアップのために行っていること、身に付けたい技術は何ですか？
竹内氏 「 必要は発明の母」。人と違うこと、原点に立ち戻ることをいつも気にしながら、最近は若い人たちの才能が発するオーラをできるだけ吸い込んで生活するようにしています。行き詰ったときにそこの背景にある理論に立ち戻る。仕事が忙しいとなかなかできないですが「原点に立ち戻ること」は大学の講義でも必ずいっていることです。
4．――最近作って面白かったプログラムを教えてください
竹内氏 去年の 「 夏のプログラミング・シンポジウム」で、火星を始めとする惑星のカレンダーを作るプログラムを作りました（より正確には、いろんな惑星のカレンダーを作るプログラムを作るプログラムを作りました）。若い人たちの才能に刺激を受けようとシンポジウムに参加したのですが、一般発表をしない人は、好きな言語でカレンダーのプログラムを作るという課題がありました。人と同じことをしてもつまらないので、原点に立ち戻り考えました。「地球のカレンダーは12カ月あるけど、なぜ12カ月あるのか？」
「なぜ7曜日なんだ？ 」「火星に人が住んでいたら、カレンダーはどうなる？」「惑星は自転軸が適当な角度傾いて太陽の周りを公転しているから四季がある。つまり月は4の倍数になるのが必然……」。惑星の仕組みが分かって初めてプログラムに取り掛かれるのです。原点に立ち戻れば何でもできると思うのです。いろんな惑星のカレンダーを作るプログラム（を作るプログラム）は本当に面白かった（半日かかってしまいましたが……）。
1|2 次のページへ
Caught on camera :
The world 's deepest - dwelling fish five miles under the ocean 's surface
British scientists have filmed a species of fish said to be the deepest - dwelling ocean animal ever captured on camera .
A team from Aberdeen University collaborated with their Tokyo counterparts to film the ghostly white Hadal snail fish off Japan ’s east coast at a depth of 7,700m .
The fish live in total darkness at a depth where the pressure is equivalent to 1,600 elephants standing on the roof of a Mini .
Incredible :
The snail fish survive in total darkness at a depth where the pressure is equivalent to 1,600 elephants standing on the roof of a Mini
The scientists created superstrong submersible camera platforms - costing £ 100,000 each - inspired by lunar landers .
Professor Monty Priede , director of Aberdeen University ’s Oceanlab project , said : ‘ The images show groups that are sociable and active - possibly even families .
‘ All we ’ve seen before of life at this depth have been shrivelled specimens in museums .
Now we have an impression of how they move and what they do . ’
The hadal snailfish seen by the researchers are found below 3.7 miles , where they exist in total darkness , near - freezing temperatures and immense water pressure .
They feed on the thousands of tiny shrimp - like creatures that scavenge the carcasses of dead fish and detritus reaching the ocean floor .
The two - week research expedition , which ended on Monday , was part of an Oceanlab investigation looking at ocean life at the bottom of the sea .
The Great American Housing Market Nightmare Next Phase
Martin Weiss writes :
One of the greatest blunders of our time is made by those who blindly assume home prices are so low they could n't possibly go any lower .
In reality , home prices do n't stop going down at some particular level that appears to be “ cheap . ”
Nor do they stop falling because they match some historical price that was previously a low .
The end of the decline in home prices will come only when there are no new economic forces driving them down .
When will that be ?
I 'd love to say it 's just around the corner .
But everything I see tells me that , despite the sharp declines already recorded , a steeper plunge in home values is dead ahead .
The reason :
So far , most of the troubles in the housing market have been caused by bad mortgages going sour .
Meanwhile ,
the more common causes of housing slumps — high interest rates , rising unemployment , and recession — are just starting to kick in .
And …
the most powerful causes — depression and deflation — are still on the horizon .
In the 1920s , my father ( left ) and uncles never dreamed of borrowing to buy a home .
Home mortgages were rare .
In the boom leading up to the Great Depression of the 1930s , most Americans did not borrow money to buy a home .
Variable rate mortgages did n't exist .
And Wall Street investors rarely got involved in the business of financing homes .
Home prices did fall dramatically .
But those price declines came mostly after the stock market crashed , after the economy shrunk and after millions of workers had lost their jobs .
The crux of the problem today :
That phase of the housing crisis still lies ahead .
Moreover , this time , because of massive debts , the pressure to abandon or sell homes is far greater .
Conclusion :
If the U.S. sinks into a depression , home price declines could be as deep as , or deeper than , those of the Great Depression , especially in the hardest hit regions of the country .
It is a frightening thought .
Yet , on the positive side , a sharply reduced price for the average home is the only fundamental , enduring mechanism for making homes more affordable and restoring demand — especially if the days of easy credit are gone .
Already , in 2008 , one in ten American homeowners has defaulted on their mortgage or lost their home in foreclosure .
Nearly four in ten owe more than their home is worth .
And all this is before the recession deepens and before we experience the next phase of the Great American Housing Nightmare .
Why This Was One of the Biggest Speculative Manias of All Time
The Great American Housing Nightmare has no precedent ; no historical roadmap to guide you , no proven pathway to follow .
No one can tell you with precision how far U.S. home prices will decline , when they will hit bottom , how many homeowners will lose their homes , or how soon a real recovery will begin .
Getting to a recovery could take many years .
In fact , to throw some light on the speculative frenzy and panic that have swept through the U.S. housing market , the most relevant precedents I could find have nothing to do with homes at all .
They are the Dutch speculative mania of the 1630s , the South Sea Bubble of the 1700s and the stock market panics of the early 1900s .
In those boom - and - bust episodes , the objects of speculation were tulips , slaves and stocks .
This time , it was the American home .
But despite that key difference , the critical boom - bust elements that helped create the speculation — and the depth of the losses which ensued — were roughly similar .
Boom - Bust Element # 1 : Debt
Debt is the fuel of speculation .
Without it , speculative bubbles cannot emerge .
With it , prices can be inflated beyond the wildest imagination .
In seventeenth century Holland , investors speculated wildly on tulips , putting up as little as 2.5 % of their own cash .
Similarly , in early 20th century stock market booms , investors put up as little as 10 % of their own money , using borrowed funds for up to 90 % of their purchases .
But in many respects , the borrowing mania that created the Great American Housing Nightmare makes all previous debt manias pale by comparison .
By mid-year 2008 , the Federal Reserve reported a grand total of $ 14.8 trillion in U.S. mortgages outstanding — 40 % more than the entire national debt and triple the total of all the mortgages in America just a dozen years earlier .
Sadly , it was not just the supersized quantity of debt that was so dangerous .
Even more dangerous was the substandard quality of the debt .
Consider the facts :
In all prior speculative bubbles in history , investors were required to put up at least some of their own money to buy into the boom .
Even in the tech stock mania of the early 2000s , investors had to put up a minimum of 50 % cash for their stock purchases .
But in the frenzy that preceded the Great American Housing Nightmare , millions of Americans bought homes with zero money down !
Lenders did n't merely look the other way while home owners borrowed the down payment ; they actively encouraged it .
Homebuyers without enough cash to buy a $ 500 TV set were declared the proud new owners of $ 500,000 luxury homes .
Many took it one step further with serial purchases of homes , leapfrogging with glee from one free ride to the next .
In all prior speculative bubbles , borrowers were invariably required to make payments of interest and principal in full and without fail , with zero tolerance for any other arrangement .
In contrast , during the Great American Housing Nightmare , millions of homeowners were allowed to pay interest only or even less than full interest .
So it should come as no surprise that the majority opted to make the smallest payments allowed , while the lender added the unpaid amounts to the loan balance .
As with credit cards , the more that time went by , the deeper into debt the borrowers fell .
In prior historical episodes of rampant speculation , loans were almost invariably held by the lenders , who , in turn , had a vested interest in making sure the borrower 's finances were sound and their payments were kept current .
But in the Great American Housing Nightmare , the mortgages were mostly held by non-lenders — institutions and investors that were far removed from the borrowers .
In earlier manias , investors speculating with borrowed funds were required to document that they were worthy of the loans .
They invariably had to present hard evidence of income , proof of assets , or both .
But in the Great American Housing Nightmare , even that was not the case .
Millions were allowed to borrow huge sums without a scintilla of proof that they had the wherewithal to make the payments .
In earlier manias , the bubble was generally confined primarily to one debt sector .
Not this time around !
Beyond the $ 14.8 trillion in residential and commercial mortgages in America , there are another $ 20.4 trillion in consumer and corporate debts .
This meant that mortgages represent only 42 % of the private - sector debt problem in the country .
Result : Americans are not only under tremendous pressure to sell their homes due to burdensome mortgages , they are also squeezed by huge credit card balances and by layoffs from employers equally addicted to debt .
By virtually every measure , the debts piled up prior to the Great American Housing Nightmare are far bigger and worse than any debt pile - up ever witnessed in history .
Boom - Bust Element # 2 : Investor Frenzy
In 1637 , at the height of the tulip mania , just one Semper Augustus bulb changed hands for 12 acres of land .
Another bulb was sold for a massive collection of goods , including 160 bushels of wheat , 160 bushels of rye , four oxen , twelve swine , two hogsheds of wine , four casks of beer , two tons of butter , 1,000 pounds of cheese and more .
But just a few months later , similar bulbs were practically worthless .
In 1720 , investors drove up shares in the South Sea Company from 125 to 960 in six months and back down again to 180 in less than three months .
In 1929 , the Dow Jones Industrials surged from 213 in 1928 to 381 in 1929 , only fall to 41 in 1932 .
In each case , investors and speculators — most with little experience in the market — were caught up in a wild buying frenzy , only to dump nearly everything in an even wilder selling panic .
Unfortunately , we witnessed a similar pattern prior to the Great American Housing Nightmare .
As the buying frenzy heated up , homes and condos were flipped faster than hotcakes .
Prices were driven through the roof .
And even mortgages themselves were transformed into securities that were riskier than some of the riskiest stocks in the world .
At the peak of the housing bubble , the average price of existing home reached nearly five times the total yearly income of its owners , the highest in history .
At the same time , the affordability of each home plunged to its lowest level in history .
Once set in motion , the speculative fever spread quickly .
From Miami to Phoenix to San Diego to Las Vegas , investors camped outside housing developments to snap up three , four , five , or more units at a time .
Condominium developers built gleaming towers in major cities , based almost exclusively on anticipated bids from investors and speculators and with no evidence of real underlying demand .
From coast to coast , investors signed on to millions of pre-construction contracts , only to flip them before the first shovels touched the ground .
This kind of speculation was traditionally just a small niche in the giant U.S. housing market .
But at the peak of the housing boom , it nearly took over :
An astounding 40 % of houses and condos were bought as second homes or investments .
The yearly rate of appreciation on existing homes catapulted from 3.6 % in January 2001 to 16.6 % in November 2005 .
On new homes , meanwhile , it surged from 4.8 % in to 18.1 % .
Fueling the bubble , government agencies like Ginnie Mae , government - sponsored enterprises like Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , and private investment banks bundled up mortgages and resold them as securities that could be traded much like stocks and bonds .
These securities , in turn , were bought by banks and investors in the U.S. , Europe and Asia .
The total amount of mortgages transformed into these securities : $ 4.8 trillion , 60 % more than the total value of all the stocks in the Dow Jones Industrial Average .
In just one year — 2006 — $ 2.4 trillion in new mortgage - backed securities were created , more than triple the amount of just six years prior .
Even in past investment manias , there was no such structure .
Even the wild and wooly speculators of the 1600s , 1700s and the early 1900s did not take the madness to that extreme .
Boom - Bust Element # 3 : Government - Created Monopolies , Corruption , Fraud and Cover - Ups
Some of the largest speculative bubbles of all time were born out of government - sponsored monopolies , nurtured by government - bred bureaucrats and kept alive beyond their time by government - inspired corruption , fraud and cover-ups .
In the South Sea Bubble of 1711 , the English government needed to find a way to fund the huge debts it had incurred in the War of Spanish Succession .
So the Lord Treasurer , Robert Harley , created the South Sea Trading company to help finance the government 's debts .
The company got exclusive trading rights in the South Atlantic plus a perpetual government annuity of over a half million pounds per year .
In exchange , its investors agreed to assume responsibility for about £ 10 million of the government 's debt .
It seemed like a win-win .
But the government 's sponsorship and the company 's monopoly led to big trouble .
The company 's managers , thinking they had the government 's largesse to fall back on , were complacent and ignored signs of economic troubles .
They took excessive risk .
And ultimately , investigations turned up massive fraud at the company and pervasive corruption in the government .
When the entire structure collapsed , there was nothing the government could do except to pass what later become known as the “ Bubble Act ” aimed to prevent a future recurrence .
Similarly , in the early 1900s , the Panic of 1901 occurred in the wake of a failed attempt to create a massive railroad monopoly ; the Panic of 1907 followed a failed attempt to corner the copper market ; and the Crash of 1929 resulted , to a large degree , from collusion among brokers , bankers and tycoons .
In nearly every case , the government gave select companies or individuals special privileges , waived critical regulations and encouraged great concentration of power .
And in nearly every case , the government made desperate attempts to salvage the boom long after the bust began .
But it was ultimately powerless to avert a collapse in the very structures it had helped to create .
Unfortunately , the same , or worse , could happen in the Great American Housing Bubble : The U.S. government created two monopolies that made England 's eighteenth century South Sea Company and America 's twentieth century industrial monopolies look small by comparison .
Their names : Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
The U.S. Government gave these companies monopolistic control over America 's largest debt market — mortgages .
And then , beginning in the early 2000s , the government spurred these monopolies to compete aggressively with private subprime lenders .
Not surprisingly , the results were similar to those of earlier bubbles : Extreme complacency , excessive risk - taking , and , ultimately , fraud .
In September 2004 , the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise ( OFHE ) , Fannie 's and Freddie 's primary regulator , issued a special report revealing massive accounting irregularities .
And four years later , in September 2008 , the companies had still not cleaned up their act , prompting the Securities and Exchange Commission to launch new investigations into accounting deceptions .
The biggest deception of all :
In their official filings and public pronouncements this year , Fannie and Freddie consistently and wildly overstated their capital , while understating their risk .
Supposedly built with mortar and steel , Fannie and Freddie were actually houses of cards in disguise .
Repeatedly , the company executives swore on oath that they had more than enough capital .
And even on the eve of their demise , their regulators testified before Congress that the companies were solvent .
Based on their smoke - and - mirrors accounting , perhaps .
But based on the basic rules that you and I must abide by , not even close .
For longer than anyone cared to admit , Fannie and Freddie had been insolvent .
Meanwhile , their chief executives hid behind carefully camouflaged facade , marched into riskier corners of the mortgage market , and trashed the trust of millions of Americans with no sign of restraint and little expression of regret .
Between 2005 and 2008 , for example , Fannie Mae purchased or guaranteed at least $ 270 billion in subprime mortgages — high - fee loans to high - risk borrowers .
That was more than three times as much as it had bought in all its earlier years combined .
Yet no one seemed to bat an eyelash .
Quite the contrary , Wall Street and Washington cheered loudly , encouraging them to take on even more risk .
Why such enthusiasm ?
Because the rapid growth in fees supercharged Fannie 's stock price .
Because big revenues meant huge bonuses for executives — $ 90 million for one , $ 30.8 million for another , and $ 10 million for a third .
And because the easy money flowing to unqualified borrowers indirectly helped politicians buy millions of votes .
Suddenly , however , in September 2008 , it was finally recognized that all the financial statements and all the sworn testimony about solvency were unabashed lies .
Suddenly , the two largest mortgage lenders on earth , supposedly rich and prosperous , were thoroughly bankrupt .
And suddenly , underscoring the depth of their demise , each company needed an unprecedented $ 100 billion injection of government funds just to keep it alive .
The potential bill to taxpayers : $ 200 billion .
But that figure assumes an end to the credit crunch , no more debt collapses , no recession , and certainly no depression .
If any of these assumptions should prove wrong , $ 200 billion will barely cover what is fast becoming history 's largest cesspool of sinking debts and commitments — $ 5.2 trillion in mortgages guaranteed or owned by the two companies , their $ 1.5 trillion in debts , and their $ 2 trillion in derivatives .
Boom - Bust Element # 4 : Collapse !
How much could home prices ultimately decline in the Great American Housing Nightmare ?
We have no way of knowing with certainty .
But we can draw some lessons from similar bubbles and crashes throughout history :
In the Dutch Tulip Mania , investors lost nearly all of their money if they bought for cash ; more than all of their money if they bought on the slim margin of just 2.5 % .
In the South Sea Bubble , the cost of the shares investors bought fell from a peak of 1,000 to less than 100 , a loss of 90 % or more .
In the Crash of 1929 and the ensuing 3 - year bear market , investors lost 89 % of their money even in America 's largest industrial stocks .
In the tech wreck of 2000 - 2002 , when a myriad of Internet and technology companies collapsed , investors lost 78 % of their money invested in the average Nasdaq stock ; and 100 % in companies that went under .
In Japan 's long bear market , which stretches from 1990 to the present , investors have lost 82 % of their money from peak to trough in companies that make up the Nikkei average , and much more in smaller companies .
And in the financial crisis of 2008 , investors lost 99 % or more of their money in some of America 's most respected financial institutions .
My argument :
The speculative bubble in U.S. homes is as extreme as each of these historic examples ; and in the most hard - hit regions , the resulting price collapse could be equally extreme .
Indeed , the Great American Housing Nightmare is progressing in three phases :
Phase 1 .
The bust in the subprime mortgage market .
This is now history .
Phase 2 . A severe U.S. recession .
As of this writing , this phase is just beginning .
Phase 3 . Depression and deflation .
Still ahead .
Therefore , no matter how far home prices in your area have already fallen and no matter how cheap they may appear , they could still fall a lot further .
In the hardest hit regions , an individual home that was once priced for $ 400,000 at its peak could fall to as low as $ 200,000 by the end of Phase 1 .
But do n't blindly assume that 's the bottom .
In Phase 2 , it could fall in half again , to $ 100,000 .
And in Phase 3 , it could fall by at least half for a third time , to as low as $ 50,000 or $ 40,000 .
Homes with peak prices of $ 1 million could sell for as little as $ 100,000 ; some , originally priced for $ 10 million may have no buyers at all — even with asking prices as low as $ 1 million .
Nationwide , the median home price will not fall nearly that far .
But that factoid alone will do nothing for homeowners in bubble areas like Florida , Nevada or California .
Nor will it help those in blighted regions where factories are closed and unemployment rises far above the national average .
Never before in history have we witnessed home price declines of this magnitude !
But that fact alone does not make them implausible , let alone impossible .
Remember : Never before in history has so much debt , speculation , government manipulation , fraud , corruption and consumer abuse been heaped onto any housing market !
And if there 's one thing that history teaches us , it 's that unprecedented causes lead to unprecedented consequences .
Lessons To Learn Now Before
It 's Too Late
Lesson # 1 . Do n't blame yourself .
Virtually every realtor and expert in America told you that investing in homes was a “ sure bet ” ; and any lender in the country that accepted your loan application was , in effect , telling you that you had the means to make the payments .
Lesson # 2 . Do n't look back .
Forget what your property was worth at its peak .
And try to forget what you paid for it as well .
That 's water under the bridge .
Instead , look at what 's happening today — in the headlines , in your neighborhood , at companies in your area .
Lesson # 3 . Do n't count on the government to save the day .
There are bound to be a series of public programs to help some people some of the time .
But they will be spotty ; they wo n't turn the housing market around ; and you may not qualify .
For example , the FHASecure program rolled out in late 2007 essentially created three classes of homeowners with mortgages :
Homeowners current on their mortgages and not at risk of foreclosure were mostly not eligible for federal assistance ;
Those already in foreclosure were also not eligible ; and …
Ironically , only home owners falling behind in their mortgage payments could get government help .
Not only did that make it very difficult for most people to qualify , but it also gave a strong incentive to households to deliberately fall behind on their mortgages .
People asked : “ Why should I cut my food budget or give up on my nights out when my neighbor is having all the fun , skipping his mortgage payments and getting rewarded by the government for his imprudent behavior ? ”
Ultimately , these kinds of government programs are fundamentally flawed and doomed to fail .
The most important lesson of all : Do n't underestimate the potential depth , speed and duration of the decline .
As the debts are unraveled , the economy comes unglued and the deceptions are uncovered , home prices could continue to plunge much further .
If you are able and willing to sell your properties , do so now .
Do n't wait .
Good luck and God bless !
Martin
This investment news is brought to you by Money and Markets .
Money and Markets is a free daily investment newsletter from Martin D. Weiss and Weiss Research analysts offering the latest investing news and financial insights for the stock market , including tips and advice on investing in gold , energy and oil .
Dr. Weiss is a leader in the fields of investing , interest rates , financial safety and economic forecasting .
To view archives or subscribe , visit http://www.moneyandmarkets.com .
Money and Markets Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Comments
Alice
04 Dec 08 , 14:30 Housing Market
In my case , I 'd be crazy to sell my house .
I 've got my dream home ( well , the main bathroom needs work , but that can be done as time / money permit ) , in a great location , and NO mortgage -- I sold my previous house at the top of the market and used the profit to pay cash for this one .
I expect to leave this one feet first .
We 're going to be fine during this recession -- my husband and I are both schoolteachers .
Some jobs can't be outsourced to China .
The best financial advice I can give to anyone is , grow a vegetable garden .
This will not only benefit your pocketbook , but also your health , by giving you both healthy food , and exercise while you 're tending it .
If you live in an apartment , use containers .
We saved about $ 400 on food last year from our garden , and made back the money we invested in seeds , plants , and topsoil ( about $ 25 ) by selling an unexpected crop of coriander seeds ( the cilantro bolted early ) at a local farmer 's market .
I do n't think any fund out there had that rate of return .
Next year , I plan to double the size of my garden .
Chris
01 Apr 10 , 07:24 Alice
Thanks Alice for your feedback .
Congratulations , I am sure you saw all of this coming and decided to sell your house at the top of the market .
You and your husband are two smart cookies .
Maybe you can teach ethics to our finest running this country in Washington and our too big to fail banks .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
British talent has dominated at the International Emmys in New York , winning seven out of the 10 awards .
David Suchet was among the British winners as he took best actor for his 2007 BBC role as tycoon Robert Maxwell .
The BBC's Shaun the Sheep and Life On Mars won the children and young people and best drama series awards .
Channel 4 's
The IT Crowd was best comedy .
Forty nominees from 16 nations competed for awards recognising excellence in TV programmes produced outside of the US .
' Thrilled '
The best actress prize went to Lucy Cohu for her role in Channel 4's Forgiven as a housewife who reports her husband for abusing their daughter , but then decides to try to salvage their relationship .
Backstage at the ceremony at the New York Hilton Hotel , Suchet said : " It 's been an unbelievable night for the Brits .
I 'm absolutely thrilled to bits , I can't believe it 's really true .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" This is my first Emmy ever , and I can't tell you what it feels like to win for England because it 's international , and to represent my acting community as well . "
Cohu said : " It was absolutely fantastic .
I can't believe it .
" This is the first award I 've won .
You do n't do this for awards , but they do open doors . "
The other British winners were Strictly Bolshoi , for arts programming , and The Beckoning Silence , in the documentary section , both screened on Channel 4 .
Transplant hoax
In the remaining categories , the controversial Dutch hoax - reality programme , The Big Donor Show , won the Emmy for non-scripted entertainment .
The programme triggered fury when its producers announced a terminally ill woman would decide on television which of three patients needing a transplant would receive her kidney .
Writer Ashley Pharoah ( l ) and producer Cameron Roach ( r ) collected the award for Life on Mars for best drama series .
But later it was revealed the woman was not dying and that it had been a hoax intended to pressure the Dutch government into reforming organ donation laws .
Jordan 's Al - Igtiyah ( The Invasion ) won the newly established telenovela category and Argentina 's Television por la identidad won in the TV movie / mini-series category .
Producer Dick Wolf , whose shows are seen throughout the world , was given the International Emmy Founders Award .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Exit stage right .
We can now bid a not - so - fond farewell to an entire supporting cast of chumps , crooks , liars and scoundrels , as well as to the ideologies , philosophies and rightwing pathologies that animated them .
They all became instantly obsolete the moment the sun rose on Wednesday morning .
Sarah Palin
Until her wooden second appearance on Saturday Night Live on election eve – was someone messing with her cue-cards ?
– I thought that this champion shopper and breathtaking ignoramus – a poisonous pot pourri of Poujade , Pauline Hanson and Peggy Hill – had a great future in show business ahead of her .
Now ?
Not so much .
She 's strictly local news ; not ready to go national .
Using the final days of the campaign to audition for the leadership of the George Wallace wing of the Republican far - right , this shrewd , narrow - minded egomaniac and dirty - fighter fully deserves to inherit the Nativist remnant whose malevolent passions she so gamely stoked for two months .
But internecine post - electoral cat - fighting suggests her own party plans to wipe her off the map .
Joe the Plumber
The current state - of - the - art in low - wattage blue - collar bozodom ( along with his gratingly belligerent compadre Tito the Builder proudly sports the Vic Mackey - Vin Diesel - Mr Clean baldie - Aryan Brotherhood look , and proudly spouts the most egregious varieties of prison - yard libertarianism and boondocks cluelessness .
Even Fox News was appalled .
By campaign 's end , he and Palin – " two fictional characters " , as singer John Legend tartly dubbed them – had come to resemble Il Duce and his luckless mistress Clara Petacchi – and look what became of them .
And , oh yeah , he 's not a plumber and his name 's not Joe – even the " the " is currently in dispute .
His next rendezvous is with History 's U - bend .
But let 's give thanks for this .
Hubris , meet Nemesis .
The Axis of Atwater
Lee , that is , bottom - dwelling mentor to Karl Rove , Jack Abramoff , Grover Norquist and Ralph Reed ( the disposable hucksters of hypocrisy ) , whose vilely gleaming scum - track runs from Willie Horton to William Ayers .
Dirty slash - and - burn politics will never die , but we may yet enjoy a short breather .
We deserve it .
Ayn And Al
The high priestess of the nonsensical pseudo - philosophy of Objecitivism , " friendly witness " before HUAC , tireless despiser of socialism and altruism , and cult - leader to a coterie of fanatically compliant devotees , including egghead economist and former Fed chairman Alan Greenspan .
The latter 's dedicated application of Randian doctrine to the American economy is in large part responsible for the state we 're now in .
Greenspan should now return to his original vocation as a jazz saxophonist ( he once played with Stan Getz ) , and perhaps Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt will now shelve plans to film Rand 's brick - like , harrowingly tedious 1957 manifesto for egomaniacs , Atlas Shrugged .
Milton Friedman
This year 's Nobel prize announcements amounted to a line - by - line repudiation of all things Bushy , brutally parceled out over the space of a week , like , ( hat - tip to JG Ballard ) , " instalments of a death - warrant . "
The peace prize for a diplomat and peacemaker , former Finnish president Martti Ahtisaari , repudiating neoconservatism and preemption ; the lit prize to JMG LeClezio , an unreconstructedly experimental , poorly - selling Frenchman of the Nouvel Roman school .
But the economics prize to Paul Krugman gave international legitimacy to one of Bush 's staunchest and most prescient critics .
Fellow econ winner the late " Uncle Milty " Friedman took a righteous and well - earned shellacking from Naomi Klein 's The Shock Doctrine last year , and Krugman 's win – to say nothing of the state we 're in – eats deeply at Friedman 's reputation and legitimacy .
Expect to see a deluxe reprint of Keynes ' The Economic Consequences of The Peace with a Krugman intro any day now .
And expect it to sell .
A Golden Age of Political Satire
Jon Stewart , Stephen Colbert , Bill Maher , The Onion , Saturday Night Live : what happens when the golden goose , the gift that kept on giving , is gone ?
The Bush Dyslexicon
" Strategery ... "
" It 's hard to put food on yer family ... "
" I want gynecologists to be able to practice their love ... "
How will we ever live without that foot - filled mouth ?
One last hurrah for the tongue - tied Texan ( transcribed word for word from a live press conference , late September , as the subprime mortgage sector went belly - up ) :
But there 's also a lot of sensible homeowners who can make men's ends meet with a little bit of help .
Is he advocating suburban gay escort - agencies or what ?
We need to know !
The Bradley Effect
Disputed , oft - debunked political " phenomenon " named for the lopsided , misleading poll results logged during LA Mayor Tom Bradley 's 1982 California gubernatorial run – suggesting that racists would n't admit their true feelings about black candidates to a pollster – the Obama victory suggests instead a reverse Bradley Effect , which functions , horribly but productively , thus : racists voted for Obama .
Another myth bites the dust .
Barney and the Bush Twins
My favourite White House dog in decades ( since Checkers and LBJ 's slavering bloodhounds ) and my drinks - ahoy dream double - date Bar Junior and Jenna the Juicehead .
These three I really shall miss .
I could n't believe how many people told me I was n't the only one waking up in the middle of the night last night , unable to sleep .
It 's not that big a stretch to speculate that all over the world , billions of people who were walking on eggshells worrying about the outcome of the election are now celebrating .
Billions !
While America faces tough times economically , the world will embrace us , with billions of people with tears in their eyes , for bestowing upon a black man one of the greatest honors humanity can bestow upon a person – leadership of the most powerful nation .
America has become , again , a beacon , a light that illuminates and energizes the hopes of humanity , making what is best in us shine brighter .
Looking at the faces of the people in the crowd , as Barack Obama gives his first speech as president - elect , I see a hope that beams bright , a hope that does not stop at red or blue state borders or the border of the United States .
The whole of humanity is sharing in this moment of hope .
We had a moment of connection after 9/11 .
It was thrown away .
But we have another chance now .
I get an instant message from a friend in Waziristan .
He usually tells me about the latest bombings and US drone missile firings .
He 's thrilled that Obama has been elected -- believing there is new hope for democracy and an end to the terrorism he lives with every day .
A message comes from Australia titled Delirium in Sydney , and one from Riyad Saudi Arabia , saying " God Bless America . "
Obama talks about bottom - up solutions to the economy , to democracy .
Echoing that vision , he says tonight , " Let us summon a new spirit of patriotism , of responsibility , where we work harder and look after each other . . .
In this country we rise and fall as one nation , as one people . "
And you see the sea of happy faces and know that all around the world , hearts are a little lighter .
A smart man , a man who chose helping the poor instead of becoming a wealthy lawyer , a man who has a vision of bringing people together will soon be leading America .
He advises us to put our " hands on the arc of history and bend it once more to the hope for a better day . "
David Axelrod related how , when Obama was considering running for president , he was asked what he could do to make a difference as president .
Obama replied , " When I take the oath of office , the world will look at us differently and millions of kids will look at themselves differently . "
There are hundreds of millions , perhaps billions of people who suddenly can believe that they can do anything . . . anything .
We can't bask in the glow of this victory tonight without appreciating the fact that the White House will again welcome a strong , brilliant , accomplished , powerful woman .
This will also change the way hundreds of millions think about themselves .
Michelle Obama brings so much to the White House .
And it seems so true , what Obama said , so modestly , yet so accurately , " I will never forget who this victory truly belongs to .
It belongs to you . "
Bill O'Reilly on The View ( Video )
entered the lion 's den ( sans Whoopi , who was out sick ) , on The View Wednesday and calleda communist , much to the chagrin of co-host , who retaliated by calling O'Reilly the devil .
The O'Reilly Factor host was on The View promoting his memoir , " A Bold Fresh Piece of Humanity , " and took the ladies to task , telling Behar she takes things too seriously and calling her a kool - aid drinker , and chastising Barbara Walters for not looking at John McCain when he appeared on the show .
The ladies were n't amused but it looks like O'Reilly has the last laugh , reportedly signing a four year deal with Fox News worth $ 10 million to $ 12 million a year .
Check out the show video below .
Google launched step - by - step public transportation directions for Google Maps in September .
To advertise the feature , Google bought ads in New York 's subway cars .
The ads are cute .
They give directions from Grand Central to Madison Square Garden .
The only problem : they 're wrong .
Google 's ads tell commuters to take the 1 , 2 , or 3 trains from Grand Central .
That 's impossible .
Neither the 1 , 2 , nor the 3 trains stop at Grand Central .
See the ad in the accompanying photo fro AdAge , which first spotted them
See Also :
Almost As Cool As Android : Google Adds NYC Subway Directions
.
A wide on is a joking term for a man to brag about the width of his penis or if he says he has a small penis he can say he's got a wide on , meaning his penis is wider than it is long .
Sometime my penis does not get as long as normal when hard but it is always wide .
The penis is a remarkable organ , mine ranges in size during the day from 1 " long to as much as 8 " long after forplay .
The head is always wide , it amazes me how big it gets .
I 'm in my sixties and need a little help from my lady to get it up .
She sucks my nipples and it's like the nerve is directly connected to my penis .
Anyway folks , a " wide on " is a joking term .
Dream on - a ' wide on ' refers to sexual stimulation of the FEMALE genitals .
Like male genitalia , a woman 's sexual parts respond to erotic stimuli by receiving an increased blood flow - this causes the labia to swell and spread , hence ' wide on ' ...
Any other attempt at an explanation is lame and limp dicked .
Gas prices are way down and incentives on gas guzzlers are way up .
It 's the perfect storm for right - thinking Americans who believe any vehicle weighing less than 5000 pounds is too sissified for consideration , because now the gas guzzlers are the cheap wheels .
In your face , Prius lovers !
Of course , this glee could be short - lived .
At this moment , gasoline prices in the U.S. are averaging $ 2.17 for a gallon of regular .
One month ago , the national average was $ 3.11 a gallon .
Could gas prices rise again just as quickly as they fell ?
Not likely , says Gregg Laskoski , public relations director for AAA South .
" As long as the demand stays down , prices should stay lower , " he says .
" And the demand is still down by about five percent . "
Suddenly , that jumbo SUV starts to look like less of a pariah and more of a deal .
Running Some Numbers
Consider the Toyota example .
A 4 Runner with the 4.7 - liter V - 8 and four - wheel drive lists for just under $ 33,445 , but with discounts and rebates — the 2008 model has $ 2500 cash back , which is huge by Toyota standards — you should be able to buy them all day for $ 28,500 .
The Toyota Highlander hybrid lists for almost exactly the same price as the V - 8 4 Runner , but good luck finding one at the sticker price of $ 34,945 .
For the sake of argument , we 'll pretend you can .
The EPA rates the 4 Runner at 15 mpg combined , the Highlander hybrid at 26 .
With gas prices dropping so rapidly in the past couple months , let ’s assume a gallon of regular stabilizes between today ’s price and what it was a month ago , at $ 2.64 .
Driving 15,000 miles a year , you 'll spend $ 2640 a year on gas for the 4Runner , $ 1523 for the Highlander , a saving of $ 1117 a year .
Figuring that you can buy the 4 Runner for at least $ 6000 less , you 'd have to drive the Highlander for 5.5 years to break even .
By then , President Obama will be well into his second term , and alternative energies will have rendered gasoline obsolete .
Your back - yard spigot will dispense it nearly free of charge into your guzzler .
Right ?
Buzzy Four - Cylinder or Cushy School Bus ?
For another example , let 's look at the Ford SUV lineup .
Sales of the Ford Expedition are down nearly 40 percent this year from 2007 figures , and 2007 was n't a great year .
We 'll compare that with the little Escape hybrid .
The front - wheel - drive Escape hybrid lists for $ 30,030 — again , if you can find one .
A rear - wheel - drive Expedition XLT with the 310 - hp , 5.4 - liter V - 8 lists for $ 33,745 .
Our local Ford sales manager said we could expect to get maybe $ 6500 off that price , which would be $ 27,245 .
The difference : $ 2785 , in favor of the Expedition .
Using the same gas price of $ 2.64 for a gallon of regular , the Expedition ’s 16 mpg means it would cost $ 2475 to drive 15,000 miles .
The Escape hybrid should average 32 mpg and consume $ 1238 a year for gas .
At that rate , it will take only 2.2 years for the Escape hybrid to make up the difference .
But looking longer term , over five years , the Escape owner will spend $ 6188 on gas , the Expedition XLT owner , $ 12,375 .
That 's $ 6187 more .
But subtracting the initial saving at purchase , the Escape hybrid owner is only $ 3402 ahead after five years .
That 's $ 680 a year — $ 13.08 a week — which does n’t sound so bad if you need a full - size SUV with 310 horsepower , eight seats , and a towing capacity of more than 8000 pounds .
It ’s the word “ need , ” though , that gets sticky for some .
With 401 k plans tanking , there are few people across the country who could n’t find some use for an extra $ 3402 .
The Escape buyer ’s use might start with driving another 41,236 miles — the distance $ 3402 in gas would buy him or her .
Regardless , this is a buyers ’ market unlike any we 've seen in a very long time .
Toyota is already laying a $ 1500 rebate on the nose of the 2009 Camry , just one indication of how almost every manufacturer will go to extremes to get your business .
And if that business involves the need for an SUV , now is n’t such a bad time to buy .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
What if the girls in 2 girls 1 cup opened a restaurant ?
A family ordering ice cream at the iconic Coogee Bay Hotel in Sydney has found out after being served shit with their ice cream .
The family alleges it was served a large bowl of chocolate ice cream with something that looked like “ compacted chocolate ” but smelt like something entirely different .
The Whytes had the compacted chocolate independently tested , with the test results indicating it was consistent with human excreta .
Mrs
Whyte , the wife who ate some of the alleged crap says she is now fearful of eating out and becomes anxious when wiping her son ’s bottom .
The hotel offered $ 5,000 in compensation without admitting liability , but later issued a statement saying the family ’s bid to get $ 1,000,000 in compensation was in the Hotel ’s view bordering on “ extortion ” .
The matter will now be argued in court .
( via )
Posted by Doomeru Woebashi at on Wednesday , October 15 , 2008
I think this title says it all .
Do you want to step into the boots of the ultimate revolutionary ?
Are you ready to experience the real Napoleon , the Napoleon who beat Wellington and never suffered from gout ?
The Napoleon that only the exalted Gameboy Advance platform could deliver ?
Play this game , or the guy in the epaulets dies .
I sure hope so .
After last week ’s surprisingly popular post on Advance Wars , I felt it was time to give everyone some perspective on what a real tactics game is supposed to be like .
Sure , Advance Wars is challenging , with meticulously balanced units , tried - and - true turn - based gameplay , attractive art , convenience - inducing options , and all that rot .
You ’ll just have to forget all that when you play Napoleon , yessir .
This is real time strategy , buster , and you have to get your hands dirty .
In the real world we do n't take any namby pamby turns !
If you want your troops to attack or move somewhere , you ’re just going to have to ride out to them in person and tell them yourself .
Napoleon always preferred face - to - face communication .
And you can forget about selecting multiple units for a coordinated attack .
Sure , you can attach ground units to cavalry , but you ’ll still have to command them one at a time to do so .
If only these soldiers had listened to me ...
Victory , of course , comes down to getting four of your weakest , slowest , cheapest units to sneak into your opponent ’s base in order to steal their red flags , replacing them with more Napoleonic blue ones .
Onward , Redecorators !
This game is definitely an odd bird .
I bet you never knew Napoleon employed a crack team of interior decorators , or temporarily enhanced the strength of nearby forces by shouting “ Allez ! ” I ’m hopeful this writeup will add something to your Wednesday .
As opposed to the games you wo n’t go out and buy after Yahtzee reviews them , you probably never would have even heard of Napoleon , unless someone else out there is into importing obscure GBA games that only ever got released in Japan or France .
I played it on an emulator using a fan translation , but obviously I can’t recommend anyone go that route .
At least Napolean never talked to God , right ?
Last Kiss Archives << first | < back | next > | last >>
Archives
04/21/2007 Strip 180 : Blue Beetle 's Worst Blind Date !
03/03/2007 Strip 179 : More fun than most marriages !
01/13/2007 Strip 178 : A Man with Great Accessories
01/06/2007 Strip 177 : Dear Mr. Last Kiss
12/30/2007 Strip 176 : Introducing the New Leader of the Not - So - Free World !
12/23/2006 Strip 175 : Santa baby !
12/16/2006 Strip 174 : Welcome to Romanceville !
12/09/2006 Strip 173 : The Last Kiss Holiday Party , Part 2 of 2 12/03/2006 Strip 172 : The Last Kiss Holiday Party 11/25/2006 Strip 171 : Honeymoon Blues 11/18/2006 Strip 170 : Canada or bust !
11/11/2006 Strip 169 : Save the cheerleader ?
She 'll save herself !
11/04/2006 Strip 168 : Post Halloween Regrets 10/28/2006 Strip 167 : Halloween Beauty Queen
10/21/2006 Strip 166 : Racing Towards Heartbreak , Part 6
10/14/2006 Strip 165 : Racing Towards Heartbreak , Part 5 10/07/2006 Strip 164 : Racing Towards Heartbreak , Part 4
09/30/2006 Strip 163 : Racing Towards Heartbreak , Part 3
09/23/2006 Strip 162 : Racing Towards Heartbreak , Part 2
09/16/2006 Strip 161 : Racing Towards Heartbreak , Part 1 09/09/2006 Strip 160 : The Sequel to the Sequel 09/02/2006 Strip 159 : The Eternal Dilemna 08/26/2006 Strip 158 : Charles Atlas wannabe
08/19/2006 Strip 157 : Contest Sequel :
And now for the rest of the story !
08/12/2006 Strip 156 : Last Kiss contest winner !
08/05/2006 Strip 155 : Mixup at the Metrosexual Corral !
07/29/2006 Strip 154 : Redux : The Nurse from Nicotine Hell 07/22/2006 Strip 153 : Redux : A comic shop owner 's worst nightmare !
07/15/2006 Strip 152 : Redux :
We have so much in common !
We both love me !
07/09/2006 Strip 151 : Java Justice !
07/02/2006 Strip 150 : A small matter of the heart !
06/24/2006 Strip 149 : Who ... me? Read ?
06/17/2006 Strip 148 : Love diplomas for sad grads !
06/10/2006 Strip 147 : Dead Damsel ... the superheroine who never saves the day !
06/03/2006 Strip 146 : The Last Kiss comics writing contest !
05/27/2006 Strip 145 : Do n't take this personally , but ..
05/20/2006 Strip 144 : The Department of Homeland Romances , Part 2 !
05/13/2006 Strip 143 : A mother of a gift for Mom's Day 05/06/2006 Strip 142 : Love ... in the Fandom Zone 04/29/2006 Strip 141 : With great power comes housework
04/22/2006 Strip 140 : Welcome wagon wowzer !
04/15/2006 Strip 139 : The Department of Homeland Romances !
04/08/2006 Strip 138 : Beyond desperate ... a housewife aims to please !
04/01/2006 Strip 137 : Sex for Complete Nincompoops
03/25/2006 Strip 136 : Prison Lust 03/18/2006 Strip 135 : Hips at sea !
03/11/2006 Strip 134 : Marvel Romance Redux -- Part 3 !
03/04/2006 Strip 133 : More Marvel Romance Redux !
02/25/2006 Strip 132 : Too smart ?
Here 's the Marvel solution !
02/18/2006 Strip 131 : With great power comes ... Stan Lee !
02/11/2006 Strip 130 : I dated thousands !
02/04/2006 Strip 129 : Honeymoon nightmare # 767 !
01/28/2006 Strip 128 : I Fall for You !
01/21/2006 Strip 127 : Blazing Chess Comics
01/14/2006 Strip 126 : Death or divorce !
Take your pick !
01/07/2006 Strip 125 : The Perfect Wife !
12/31/2005 Strip 124 : Invasion of the Alien Boyfriends !
12/24/2005 Strip 123 : The World 's Worst Santa Letter !
12/17/2005 Strip 122 : Doomsday devices and other gifts !
12/10/2005 Strip 121 : The World 's Most Irritating Superhero 12/03/2005 Strip 120 : A Tall , Tall Tale about ... Giraffe Girl !
11/26/2005 Strip 119 : So sorry !
11/19/2005 Strip 118 : Maid to please !
11/12/2005 Strip 117 : Cyndi Swanswoop :
On the road to adventure 11/05/2005 Strip 116 : Captain Etiquette to the rescue
11/05/2005 Strip 116 : Captain Etiquette to the rescue
10/29/2005 Strip 115 : This Halloween ... be afraid !
10/22/2005 Strip 114 : Bringing you ... all the news we 're paid to print
10/15/2005 Strip 113 : Two - fisted flight attendant
10/08/2005 Strip 112 : Let 's set the date !
10/01/2005 Strip 111 : Subscribe or else !
09/24/2005 Strip 110 : Football footsie !
09/17/2005 Strip 109 : She reeked of trouble !
09/10/2005 Strip 108 : Baby , light my fire !
09/03/2005 Strip 107 : Let comics save your marriage !
08/27/2005 Strip 106 : Psycho parents
08/20/2005 Strip 105 : What women really dream about !
08/13/2005 Strip 104 : Twins or triplets ?
08/06/2005 Strip 103 : Credit cards for the dead
07/30/2005 Strip 102 : Nuttier than a pecan
07/23/2005 Strip 101 : Putrid poetry !
07/16/2005 Strip 100 : Meow !
Meow !
07/09/2005 Strip 99 : Think thin !
Eat like a disgusting pig !
07/02/2005 Strip 98 : My secret weakness ... women !
06/25/2005 Strip 97 : The sad saga of ... Sob Sister !
06/18/2005 Strip 96 : Romance in the Air 06/11/2005 Strip 95 : Revenge of the Booth Babe
06/04/2005 Strip 94 : The Golden Rule of Dating 05/28/2005 Strip 93 : A New Bedtime Buddy
05/21/2005 Strip 92 : I Feel Pretty
05/14/2005 Strip 91 : Mother 's little secret !
05/07/2005 Strip 90 : What 's for dinner ?
04/30/2005 Strip 89 : Not Kissin ' , Not Cousins
04/23/2005 Strip 88 : Addicted to Gifts
04/16/2005 Strip 87 : The Nurse from Nicotine Hell 04/09/2005 Strip 86 : Settling for Mr. Not-Quite - Right
04/02/2005 Strip 85 : The Last Kiss Dating Service
03/26/2005 Strip 84 : When Heroes Go Bad 03/19/2005 Strip 83 : The perfect man !
03/12/2005 Strip 82 : Madly in love with ... who ?
03/05/2005 Strip 81 : Enquiring moms want to know !
02/26/2005 Strip 80 : A kiss for you !
A kiss for ...?
02/19/2005 Strip 79 : Gone With the Breeze !
02/12/2005 Strip 78 : Postage Due , Valentine !
02/05/2005 Strip 77 : Marriage ?
Why ?
01/29/2005 Strip 76 : Lie to Me !
01/22/2005 Strip 75 : Bosom Buddies
01/15/2005 Strip 74 : Roasted Nuts
01/08/2005 Strip 73 : Tough , Tooth Love 01/01/2005 Strip 72 : Another Year Older ?
12/25/2004 Strip 71 : Holiday Kisses !
12/18/2004 Strip 70 : All I Want for Christmas is ...
12/11/2004 Strip 69 : Daisy Dewknot , Supertart !
12/04/2004 Strip 68 : Diaper duty !
11/27/2004 Strip 67 : Clean underwear ?
How nice !
11/20/2004 Strip 66 : She worships me !
11/13/2004 Strip 65 : Dental Delight !
11/06/2004 Strip 64 : That 's big o' me !
10/30/2004 Strip 63 : Booby trapped !
10/23/2004 Strip 62 : Surprise !
Suprise !
Surprise !
10/16/2004 Strip 61 : I gave into my desires !
10/09/2004 Strip 60 : Hawaii or Bust !
10/02/2004 Strip 59 : Your pal , the dentist !
09/23/2004 Strip 58 : Beach Blanket Boo Hoo !
09/18/2004 Strip 57 : What 's your secret ?
09/11/2004 Strip 56 : Taking a chance on love !
09/04/2004 Strip 55 : Not so cheap !
08/28/2004 Strip 54 : Hard to insult !
08/21/2004 Strip 53 : Deep sea date !
08/12/2004 Strip 52 : Ticket to trouble !
08/07/2004 Strip 51 : Sky - high high !
07/31/2004 Strip 50 : Love is blind !
07/21/2004 Strip 49 : Fleet 's in !
07/17/2004 Strip 48 : Puppy love !
07/10/2004 Strip 47 : Love is all that counts !
07/03/2004 Strip 46 : Trust me !
06/26/2004 Strip 45 : I 'll never have to clean again !
06/19/2004 Strip 44 : Me? Miserable ?
06/11/2004 Strip 43 : Science Comes to the Rescue !
06/05/2004 Strip 42 : Cooking His Goose
05/29/2004 Strip 41 : Classic TV Episodes That Never Existed , Part 2 05/22/2004 Strip 40 : Classic TV Episodes That Never Existed , Part 1 05/15/2004 Strip 39 : PMS Woman !
05/07/2004 Strip 38 : Manga Madness Part 2
04/30/2004 Strip 37 : Manga Madness Part 1 04/23/2004 Strip 36 : If this ai n't love ...
What is it ?
04/17/2004 Strip 35 : Lost in Central Park !
04/09/2004 Strip 34 : In lawyers we trust !
04/03/2004 Strip 33 : Goin ' down the organ trail !
03/27/2004 Strip 32 : Being a hero is so taxing !
03/20/2004 Strip 31 : A comic shop owner 's worst nightmare !
03/13/2004 Strip 30 : An editor is born !
03/06/2004 Strip 29 : The Return of Narcissistic Lass !
02/28/2004 Strip 28 : I feel flushed !
02/21/2004 Strip 27 : Heroes for hire .
02/14/2004 Strip 26 : We have so much in common !
We both love me !
02/07/2004 Strip 25 : Ask Mr. Last Kiss !
01/31/2004 Strip 24 : The kiss of death !
01/24/2004 Strip 23 : I do n't care about your money !
01/17/2004 Strip 22 : You rang , sir ?
01/10/2004 Strip 21 : High - flying love .
01/03/2004 Strip 20 : A Christmas present you can't wrap .
12/27/2003 Strip 19 : A tattoo ... where ?
12/20/2003 Strip 18 : Who shall I hit next ?
12/13/2003 Strip 17 : I need protection !
12/06/2003 Strip 16 : I need a man !
11/29/2003 Strip 15 : Could n't we just have sex instead ?
11/22/2003 Strip 14 : Instant honeymoon .
11/15/2003 Strip 13 : Library smut ?
More please !
11/08/2003 Strip 12 : A Halloween to remember !
11/01/2003 Strip 11 : French lessons ?
Sign me up .
11/25/2003 Strip 10 : Dad must like you .
10/18/2003 Strip 9 : Are comics fattening ?
01/11/2003 Strip 8 : She 's waiting for your call !
10/04/2003 Strip 7 : A therapist 's dream come true !
09/27/2003 Strip 6 : What 's wrong with your family ?
09/20/2003 Strip 5 : Flying Ostrich - - official airline of super folks !
09/13/2003 Strip 4 : Too young for love ?
09/06/2003 Strip 3 : If this is n't love , I do n't want to know !
08/30/2003 Strip 2 : Why is it that women always forget ?
08/23/2003 Strip 1 : Look out !
Tomorrow is coming !!
Receive the Last Kiss comic strip via e-mail !
Every week John Lustig sends out a new or classic Last Kiss comic via Yahoo e-mail .
Sign up now and choose from two shockingly easy options : I 'm already a Yahoo member
( or want to become one ! ) or I 'm in a hurry , dang it !
And I do n't want to become a member of Yahoo .
So just sign me up for my free weekly comic !
( All e-mail address kept confidential . )
Saying the United States should not be spending hundred of millions to " … propagandize the Iraqi people , " Senator Jim Webb ( D - VA ) today sent a letter asking Secretary of Defense Robert Gates to halt contracts that would pay civilian defense contractors $ 300 million to produce pro-American news stories , entertainment programs and public service advertisements inside Iraq .
" At a time when this country is facing such a grave economic crisis , and at a time when the government of Iraq now shows at least a $ 79 billion surplus from recent oil revenues , it makes little sense for the Department of Defense to be spending hundreds of millions of dollars to propagandize the Iraqi people , " said Webb , adding that Iraq is at this point " capable , both politically and financially , of communicating with its own people ... without being accused by adversaries of being a foreign government that is fulminating internal conditions through propaganda .
" Webb has previously raised the issue to both Gates and Mike Mullen , Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , about the Department of Defense ( DoD ) using " general appropriations accounts " for such efforts because they avoid routine congressional scrutiny and award lucrative contracts to companies performing quasi-military functions such as Blackwater .
With a copy to Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Carl Levin ( D - MI ) , the Virginia Senator 's letter said that he was alerted to the most recent contract in an October 3story .
" I have serious reservations about the need for this expenditure in today ’s political and economic environment , " wrote Webb to Gates .
" Consequently , I am asking that you put these contracts on hold until the Armed Services Committee and the next Administration can review the entire issue of US propaganda efforts inside Iraq . " " There is now an elected government in Iraq , which is recognized to have the power and authority to negotiate a long - term security agreement with the government of the United States .
Clearly that government is capable , both politically and financially , of communicating with its own people in the manner now contemplated by these DoD contracts – and without being accused by adversaries of being a foreign government that is fulminating internal conditions through propaganda .
" According to the Post story , four companies will receive the $ 300 million , including the Lincoln Group , which in 2006 was revealed by the Pentagon 's Inspector General to have produced " news items " for the Iraqi media and placed them without attribution to the U.S. government .
Webb , who also sits on the Armed Services Committee , has sent a second letter to Levin requesting hearings at the start of the new Congress to discuss the entire issue of the DoD 's " strategic communications programs " and the civilian contractors used to support them .
Advertisements
Quinnipiac University ’s polling institute released the results of their latest poll this morning ( Wednesday ) .
But this is no ordinary , generalized , national poll .
Quinnipiac specifically polled the three biggest , most critical swing states : Florida , Ohio and Pennsylvania .
Here is what the poll results showed :
Florida : Obama up 49 % to 43 % pre-debate and 51 % to 43 % post - debate
Advertisements
Ohio : Obama up 49 % to 42 % pre-debate and 50 % to 42 % post - debate
Pennsylvania : Obama ahead 49 % to 43 % pre-debate and 54 % to 39 % post - debate .
The news from this poll is very good for Barack Obama considering the fact that just three weeks ago , he was either down in polls , or at the very best , tied in some states .
The momentum then was definitely with John McCain and it felt like McCain may start to pull away .
It is also great news for Obama considering that no one from either party has been elected president without winning two of the these three states because these three states are rich in electoral votes–a combined total of 68 ( out of a necessary 270 to win the presidency ) .
Though the poll results show pre and post debate numbers , the debate itself was not that big of a factor , according to those who were polled in these states .
When asked directly , many polled indicated that they felt Obama won the debate but quickly added that the debate was not the primary factor they considered when deciding on whom to vote for .
In Florida , there has been a dramatic 13 point shift since the presidential debate .
John McCain still leads with men and white voters in the state , but his margin has shrunk to 50 % - 45 % .
Independents in Florida have shifted to Obama in a big way .
They have gone from 50 % - 43 % for McCain to giving Obama a 12 point lead 52 % - 40 % .
This along with Obama ’s 20 point lead with women in the state helps to explain his turn around .
Seventy nine percent of Florida voters watched the debate , and by a margin of 49 % - 34 % they said Obama won .
In Ohio , the story was much the same as in Florida .
Sixty four percent of Ohio voters watched the debate , and by a margin of 49 % - 33 % they that Obama won the debate .
It is good news for Obama that McCain has not been able to make up any ground in Ohio .
Obama leads among Buckeye State Independents 46 % - 42 % , and is tied with McCain among men , 46 % - 46 % .
Obama still enjoys a double digit lead among women , 53 % - 39 % .
Fifty nine percent of Ohio voters said the economy is the biggest issue in the election , and they trust Obama by a margin of 50 % - 39 % to handle the economy .
Pennsylvania has reverted back to a margin that is closer to what many thought Obama would enjoy in the state .
The economy is the most important issue to Keystone State voters and on this issue Obama has a nearly 20 point lead over McCain , 55 % - 36 % .
Sixty four percent of those surveyed watched the debate , and they said Obama won by a margin of 51% - 31 % .
McCain ’s gamble on jumping into the economic crisis has really hurt him in Pennsylvania .
By a margin of 51% - 15 % voters thought that Obama has been helpful in solving the crisis compared to 39 % - 35 % for McCain .
Voters oppose the bailout bill in all three states by double digits .
It has the least amount of opposition in Florida ( 42% - 36 % ) , and the most in Ohio , ( 48% - 29 % ) .
The other factor in the shift to Obama has been the complete collapse of Sarah Palin ’s approval ratings .
In Florida , Palin has gone from a positive 47 % - 23 % rating to a negative 36 % - 39 % .
In Ohio Palin has gone from a positive 41 % - 32 % to 35 % - 35 % tie .
In Pennsylvania has gone from a 39 % - 26 % positive to a negative 34% - 37 % .
Palin is now hurting , not helping McCain .
This election is no longer about character or foreign policy .
It is about the economy , and John McCain ’s terrible performance over the past two weeks has led to him falling like a rock .
It appears that the debate did not change many mind , but merely confirmed the way that people were leaning .
Independents are worried about the economy , and they are leaving McCain in droves .
I think that Obama ’s lead is a little inflated in Pennsylvania , and probably Florida too .
The troubling number for McCain is in Ohio , where the race seems to have steadied into a solid lead for Obama .
No matter what happens elsewhere in the nation , if Obama holds all of the blue states and picks up Ohio , he wins this election .
I am not willing to name Obama the next president just yet , but if these numbers hold steady after the second presidential debate , then the Democrat is in an excellent position to win .
With Sarah Palin hurting the ticket instead of helping it , McCain has little ammo to use to turn the momentum back to him .
It is pretty simple , if this election is about the economy on November 4 , John McCain will lose .
Full Poll Results
Friedrich von Hayek Banquet speech
Friedrich August von Hayek ’s speech at the Nobel Banquet , December 10 , 1974
Your Majesty , Your Royal Highnesses , Ladies and Gentlemen ,
Now that the Nobel Memorial Prize for economic science has been created , one can only be profoundly grateful for having been selected as one of its joint recipients , and the economists certainly have every reason for being grateful to the Swedish Riksbank for regarding their subject as worthy of this high honour .
Yet I must confess that if I had been consulted whether to establish a Nobel Prize in economics , I should have decidedly advised against it .
One reason was that I feared that such a prize , as I believe is true of the activities of some of the great scientific foundations , would tend to accentuate the swings of scientific fashion .
This apprehension the selection committee has brilliantly refuted by awarding the prize to one whose views are as unfashionable as mine are .
I do not yet feel equally reassured concerning my second cause of apprehension .
It is that the Nobel Prize confers on an individual an authority which in economics no man ought to possess .
This does not matter in the natural sciences .
Here the influence exercised by an individual is chiefly an influence on his fellow experts ; and they will soon cut him down to size if he exceeds his competence .
But the influence of the economist that mainly matters is an influence over laymen : politicians , journalists , civil servants and the public generally .
There is no reason why a man who has made a distinctive contribution to economic science should be omnicompetent on all problems of society – as the press tends to treat him till in the end he may himself be persuaded to believe .
One is even made to feel it a public duty to pronounce on problems to which one may not have devoted special attention .
I am not sure that it is desirable to strengthen the influence of a few individual economists by such a ceremonial and eye - catching recognition of achievements , perhaps of the distant past .
I am therefore almost inclined to suggest that you require from your laureates an oath of humility , a sort of hippocratic oath , never to exceed in public pronouncements the limits of their competence .
Or you ought at least , on confering the prize , remind the recipient of the sage counsel of one of the great men in our subject , Alfred Marshall , who wrote :
“ Students of social science , must fear popular approval : Evil is with them when all men speak well of them ” .
From Les Prix Nobel en 1974 , Editor Wilhelm Odelberg , [ Nobel Foundation ] , Stockholm , 1975
Copyright © The Nobel Foundation 1974
To cite this section
MLA style : Friedrich August von Hayek – Banquet speech .
NobelPrize.org .
Nobel Media AB 2020 .
Tue. 29 Sep 2020 .
< https://www.nobelprize.org/prizes/economic-sciences/1974/hayek/speech/>
cleaning it with water and vinegar .
Ca n't wait to see how it works for tomorrow 's coffee .
I 'm sure it will brew faster now that it 's clean .
Thanks . "
... "
" This article was very helpful .
There was a lot of hard water particles that came out of my coffee maker after
( Natural News )
In an immediately controversial document , the American Academy of Pediatrics ( AAP ) has recommended that children as young as eight be treated with cholesterol - lowering statin drugs .
The AAP 's Committee on Nutrition released the guidelines as part of a clinical report on childhood cardiovascular health , published in the journal .
It emphasized reducing the risk of lifetime cardiovascular disease by means of lifestyle interventions and cholesterol screening starting from a young age .
Currently , young children are only given statins if they suffer from genetic disorders such as familial hypercholesterolemia .
But the report recommends that children as young as eight should be considered for treatment with cholesterol drugs if they have LDL ( " bad " ) cholesterol levels of 190 milligrams per decaliter or higher .
It also recommends that children who have a family history or more than two other cardiovascular risk factors should be considered for treatment if their levels are 160 milligrams per decaliter or higher , as should diabetic children with LDL levels of 130 milligrams per decaliter and up .
" We know that in adults , decreasing cholesterol and giving some of those drugs decreases risk of heart disease or death , " said AAP panel member Dr Nicolas Stettler , of the Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia .
" So there 's really no reason to think that would be any different in children .
" But critics have questioned this logic , saying that there is not enough data to know if statins are safe or effective in children
The same drug often acts very differently among different age groups .
"
The guidelines are based on expert opinion , and they do n't have the level of evidence to support them that I would like to see , " said Thomas B. Newman , of the University of California , San Francisco .
" We do n't know at what level of cholesterol and what age the benefits of medication exceed the risks and costs .
We do n't know what it means to be on these medications for decades , and we do n't know whether there 's an advantage to starting this young versus starting as an adult .
" Sources for this story include : www.foodnavigator-usa.com;
The Intel Core i7 Memory Bandwidth
We have always advocated larger memory capacities over higher memory bandwidth to improve a PC 's real - world performance .
Note that we are talking about real - world performance here , not benchmark results .
For us , what matters most is how fast we can really get the job done , rather than just some arbitrary number that shows you the maximum speed a component is capable of .
The effect of high memory bandwidth have always been overhyped by memory vendors , because it makes good business sense .
Unfortunately , some tech writers have fallen into the same trap of reading too much into benchmark numbers and ignoring actual real - world performance .
This is the situation we now see with the introduction of the new Intel Core i7 processor .
The Core i7 processor supports up to three DDR3 memory channels .
That is an additional memory channel over what the industry is using now - dual memory channels .
As some are fond of pointing out , 3 memory channels will automatically give 50 % more memory bandwidth over 2 memory channels even if everything else remains the same .
Great , is n't it ?
Using DDR3 - 1333 memory , triple - channels would give you a memory bandwidth of 64 GB/s .
That is a tremendous amount of memory bandwidth .
But do we really , really need that kind of bandwidth ?
That is what we will be looking at today .
Do Memory Channels Really Matter ?
In these tests , we used the Intel Core i7 -965 Extreme Edition running at 3.2 GHz .
The L3 cache was set to run at 2.6 GHz .
The DDR3 memory modules were set to run at 1066 MHz with timings of 7 - 7- 7- 20 .
Power Director 7 was used to convert 3 minutes of a HD video ( 1080 ) , while Cinebench was set to use all 8 threads .
Power Director 7
Even with 50 % more memory bandwidth , Power Director 7 was just 9 seconds faster with 3 memory channels than it was with 2 memory channels .
That 's a completely negligible difference of 1 % .
Running with a single memory channel did result in a much longer render time .
Power Director 7 took 84 seconds longer to complete the conversion .
That 's a difference of almost 11 % , compared to the conversion times with 2 or 3 memory channels .
Cinebench 10
Wow ..
Even with all 4 cores fully occupied , increased memory bandwidth did not seem to help Cinebench render the scene any faster .
Running with triple memory channels only speeded up the rendering by 1 second , which is completely insignificant .
Support Tech ARP !
If you like our work , you can help support out work by visiting our sponsors , participate in the Tech ARP Forums , or even donate to our fund .
Any help you can render is greatly appreciated !
Guns and knives were brandished and champagne bottles became weapons as the 6th Annual Urban Music Awards descended into a bloodbath , witnesses said yesterday .
Last night a 27 - year - old man was still in a critical condition after being stabbed at the awards , being held at the O2 arena in east London .
Witnesses spoke of " hysteria " and seeing " blood all over the floor " as chairs were sent flying .
A 30 - year - old man had to be treated for lesser injuries , believed to have been caused by flying glass .
The Saturday night ceremony – at which Estelle , Adele , Leona Lewis , Dizzee Rascal and Duffy were nominated for awards – was cut short as police were called in to quell the chaos .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Intensify Youth , a project aimed at combating knife crime , was just about to present an award at 10 pm , when a fight broke out among around 30 people and other guests were forced to take cover under tables .
Yesterday a 21 - year - old was in custody at a south London police station after being arrested .
" Our man was just about to go on stage and present the award when this happened , " said Mike Muller , 38 , adding : " The irony is Intensify Youth is a project that aims to combat knife crimes so this is really disappointing .
I was on the table right next to where it happened – it was confusion , hysteria . "
The stabbing at the ceremony – celebrating young British artists in the urban music scene – comes at a time of major concern about youth crime .
One guest , Andre Nevling , 24 , said a woman from the same table was " covered " in blood .
" Obviously the guy who got stabbed must have run past her and she 's shaken up .
I looked at her and saw blood all over the floor and I was like , ' Jesus , you 're covered in it , ' " he said .
It is not the first time the awards have been marred by violence .
In November 2004 , Helen Kelly , 24 , an accountant , was leaving the ceremony at the Barbican when she was injured in crossfire between gangs .
Yesterday , Mark Hudson , 28 , from London , said : " There 's a reputation at these events that people carry knives .
But there were no searches .
I was worried before I came here . "
A spokesman for O2 said they would be reviewing procedures , adding : " We have a full - time , on - site Met Police team alongside our security teams to ensure customer safety , which is paramount .
This is the first incident of this nature to have taken place . "
In their previous debate , McCain would n't even look at Obama .
This time , he was friendlier , but also at times seemed to convey barely concealed disdain for his younger rival .
" Did we hear the size of the fine ? " he said , needling Obama for not answering the question of how much he would fine businesses and individuals for not having health insurance under his reform plan .
" Nailing down Sen .
Obama 's tax proposals is like nailing jello to a wall , " he said at another point .
In the first of two pieces on organised crime accompanying his Radio 4 series
How crime took on the world , Misha Glenny visits British Columbia in Canada where homegrown marijuana has become big business .
As we walk into John 's basement , the smell is so overwhelming it almost knocks me off my feet .
Calls for cannabis to be legalised have long divided opinion in Canada
In front of me stand 120 marijuana plants whose thick bushy leaves cover the strong stems .
John explains quite nonchalantly that this is just a small growing operation , or grow - ops as they are known throughout Canada .
But he pays loving attention to the crop - adjusting temperature , light and nutrient supply - to ensure that it enjoys the best possible environment .
Every two to three months , John harvests some 8lbs ( 3.6kg ) of his crop , worth about $ 20,000 .
So even if he did n't work at other jobs , that nets him a tidy salary ( untaxed of course ) of about $ 80,000 a year .
' BC Bud ' Inspector Brian Cantera of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police ( RCMP ) in Vancouver believes that John 's small grow - op is one of 20,000 to be found in residential houses around the province .
That figure excludes the larger grow - ops in industrial locations , not to mention the huge dope farms that are scattered around British Columbia 's vast interior .
If Inspector Cantera 's estimates are accurate , then British Columbia is probably home to the largest concentration of organised criminal syndicates in the world .
The striking aspect of BC 's marijuana trade is that it has gone beyond the boundaries of traditional organised crime groups ( although some are still heavily involved ) and entered into the middle classes .
Much of the revenue derived from BC Bud , as the cannabis crop is known , goes on paying college fees , perhaps buying a second car or making that holiday to the Caribbean just a little bit more affordable .
The trade is so large that the police in BC are faced with an impossible task .
Inspector Cantera walked me around a cavernous warehouse somewhere east of Vancouver where the RCMP lock up goods confiscated from people involved in the drugs trade .
The most spectacular items are the cars , speedboats and even helicopters which the traffickers use to send the marijuana down to its biggest market across the 49th parallel in the US .
These busts net goods worth millions of dollars but it still is n't enough to dent the extraordinary profits of the drug runners .
Border divide
Not surprisingly , BC 's drug culture is very controversial both inside Canada and over the border in the US .
Many Canadians believe that the widespread use of marijuana is having a devastating impact on young people in particular .
A lot of Canada 's cannabis heads over the border to the US market Billy Weselowski and his wife Kim have devoted themselves to helping vulnerable women caught up in drug and alcohol addiction to restart their lives .
Billy rails against those Canadians who are demanding the legalisation of marijuana .
" I 've dealt with at least 20,000 addicts , and easily 10,000 will tell you they 've relapsed on marijuana ¿
That 's the underbelly of what marijuana ( is ) about - what it 's doing to people .
And it 's like alcohol - it runs an industry . "
But the marijuana growers have equally passionate supporters like Michelle Rainey who has the legal right to cultivate a limited amount of marijuana for medicinal purposes .
She says it is the only thing that helps relieve the pain inflicted by the debilitating Crohn 's disease from which she suffers .
But she is sought by the US to face charges of conspiracy and money - laundering because of a legal Vancouver - based marijuana seed business with which she was previously involved .
Over the past decade , Canada has been moving slowly towards a more benign regime of toleration towards marijuana ( although the current minority federal government of Stephen Harper vehemently opposes this development ) .
This has placed the trade in the middle of some intense arguments between Canada ( and BC in particular ) on the one hand and the US and its guardian on drugs orthodoxy , the Office of National Drug Control Policy , on the other .
If BC 's marijuana trade ever did force through a change in the legal status of the drug in Canada , the implications for Canadian - US relations would be profound .
This will be a crime story well worth watching .
Misha Glenny is the author of McMafia : Crime without frontiers .
You can hear the first programme in his series , How Crime Took on the World , on Radio 4 at 2000 BST .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Merry Hanukkah from the White House !
The president and the first lady invited leaders of America ’s Jewish community for a Hanukkah reception at the White House next month – but raised more than a few eyebrows by putting a picture of a Christmas tree on the invitation .
The message reads that the couple “ requests the pleasure of your company at a Hanukkah reception , ” written beneath an image of a Clydesdale horse hauling a Christmas fir along the snow - dappled drive to 1600 Pennsylvania Ave .
PHOTOS : Holidays at the White House
PHOTOS : Presidents and Their Pets
And , no , it is not a Hanukkah bush .
A close look at the wagon reveals the message “ White House Christmas Tree 2008 . ”
In the background , the White House windows are festooned with Christmas wreaths .
The incongruity of the message did not go unnoticed .
“ It ’s absolutely bizarre to receive an invite to the White House for Hanukkah in a Christmas format , ” said one person who was invited .
“ They should have consulted with their chief of protocol before sending this out .
This belongs right in the ‘ Weird But True ’ column . ”
Jewish community leader Isaac Abraham of Brooklyn had a simpler explanation .
“ It ’s obvious what ’s going on here : The Christmas tree is being taken out of the White House and the menorah is being brought in the back , ” he quipped .
MORE : Schumer , Palin in the Bull ’s Eye
Obama Bops Bank Bigs
Brennan Turns Down Obama ’s CIA Job Offer
When reached for comment , Laura Bush ’s spokeswoman , Sally McDonough , said the White House usually prints separate cards , but in the waning days of the presidency , there had been an oversight .
“ Mrs. Bush is apologetic , ” she said .
“ It is something that just slipped through the cracks . ”
Charles Hurt in DC contributed to this report .
lukas.alpert@nypost.com
( CNN ) -- Several officials close to President - elect Barack Obama 's transition tell CNN that Defense Secretary Robert Gates is expected to stay on the job for at least the first year of the new administration .
One source called it " all but a done deal " that the announcement could come as early as next week .
" It 's now pointing in that direction , " one of the sources close to the transition said of Gates being part of Obama 's national security team , which may include Sen.
Hillary Clinton as secretary of state .
" It 's likely to happen , " a second source close to the transition said of Gates staying on .
This source noted that Gates could stay for longer than a year if he and Obama end up working well together .
Sources close to the transition have said Obama is interested in some continuity at the Pentagon because he is entering office while dealing with two wars in Iraq and Afghanistan as well as the international financial crisis .
To some , the choice demonstrates bipartisanship and conveys that Obama has the self - confidence in his leadership abilities to keep one of the more widely respected members of the Bush administration .
" We got confidence , continuity , and I still think the mission to get out of there as soon as possible will be accomplished .
So I think it 's a great choice , " Democratic Rep. Charles Rangel told CNN's " Larry King Live . "
Others say keeping Gates could delay the change that Obama promised during his campaign by prompting potential policy conflicts over missile defense funding and a speedy Iraq pullout .
Watch why some think Gates should n't stay »
" If we do n't have good civilian personnel alongside our good military personnel , we 're not going to reform .
It ca n't happen .
You need the right people to make it work , " former Pentagon Comptroller Dov Zakheim said .
The president - elect has made no secret of his interest in having divergent views within his Cabinet , and Gates has served in various national security roles under Republican presidents , including CIA director during former President George H.W. Bush 's administration .
Gates would be joining a high - profile national security team that is also expected to include a retired four - star general .
Several sources say retired Marine Gen. Jim Jones is on track to become national security adviser within the White House .
Also Tuesday , the head of Obama 's intelligence transition team said he is withdrawing his name from consideration for director of the CIA .
In a letter to Obama obtained by CNN , John Brennan cited strong criticism from people who associated his work at the CIA with controversial Bush administration policies on interrogation techniques and the war in Iraq .
Brennan defended himself against such accusations , saying , " the fact that I was not involved in the decision - making process for any of these controversial policies and actions has been ignored " by his critics .
The former senior intelligence officer said he was taking his name out of the running because he did not want to become a distraction for the new president .
" The challenges ahead of our nation are too daunting , and the role of the CIA too critical , for there to be any distraction from the vital work that lays ahead , " Brennan wrote .
Brennan was a 25 - year veteran of the CIA who held senior positions in both the analytical and operations sides of the agency .
He ended his intelligence career by serving as the interim director of the newly created National Counter - Terrorism Center in 2004 .
A number of names have been floating around Washington for CIA director .
They include Rep. Jane Harman , D - California , who chaired the House Intelligence Committee ; retiring Sen. Chuck Hagel , R - Nebraska , a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee ; and Timothy Roemer , the former Democratic congressman from Indiana who served on both the congressional and the presidential September 11 commissions .
On the economic front , Obama pledged Tuesday to go through the federal budget " page by page , line by line " to eliminate excessive spending and get the economy back on track .
" If we are going to make the investments we need , we also have to be willing to shed the spending that we do n't need , " Obama said at a news conference in Chicago , Illinois .
Obama said he has selected Peter Orszag as his nominee for director of the Office of Management and Budget .
Watch Obama talked about budget reform »
Orszag , the head of the Congressional Budget Office , is an expert on health care , pensions and Social Security policy .
He worked at the Clinton White House as special assistant to the president at the National Economic Council and served on the Council of Economic Advisers .
The move comes a day after the president - elect announced his choices for key members of his economic team , including New York Federal Reserve President Tim Geithner as Treasury secretary and former Treasury Secretary Larry Summers as chief of the National Economic Council .
Obama said Tuesday that there will be more announcements as he fleshes out the rest of his economic team .
Watch more on Obama 's economic team »
He will make another economic announcement at a news conference Wednesday .
Those named to Obama 's economic team have started working on crafting an economic recovery plan .
The group also must figure out how best to allocate the rest of the $ 700 billion bailout that Congress passed in October .
Obama has said he hopes the new Congress will begin work on an aggressive economic recovery plan when it convenes in January so his administration can immediately get to work .
The president - elect said Tuesday that it is important that his administration not " stumble " into office but " hit the ground running . "
An economic stimulus package is central to Obama 's plan .
He declined Monday to speculate on how big the stimulus would need to be , saying , " We are going to do what 's required to jolt this economy back into shape . "
Obama also is expected to give key Cabinet positions to two of his former presidential rivals .
iReport.com : Your take on Obama 's Cabinet choices
New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson is expected to be named secretary of commerce .
Vice President - elect Joe Biden announced three staff additions Tuesday .
Mike Donilon , an adviser and consultant to Biden since 1981 , will serve as counselor to the vice president .
Terrell McSweeny , a former attorney at O'Melveny & Myers LLP , will serve as domestic policy adviser , according to a statement from Biden 's office .
Evan Ryan will serve as assistant for intergovernmental affairs and public liaison , according to a statement from Biden 's office .
Ryan served on the White House staff from 1994 - 2000 as special assistant to first lady Hillary Clinton 's chief of staff and then as deputy director of scheduling .
CNN's Pam Benson , Gloria Borger , Candy Crowley , Ed Henry , Ed Hornick , Kristi Keck , Jamie McIntyre , along with CNNMoney.com 's Jeanne Sahadi , contributed to this report .
All About Barack Obama • National Economy • Robert Gates
With General Motors losing $ 1 billion in cash every month ( that 's about $ 23,000 per minute ) , we figure that we better do this post pretty darned quickly .
Behold Neatorama's 10 Things You Didn't Know about GM :
1. Founded by a Carriage Maker named Crapo
General Motors was founded in 1908 by William C. Durant .
The C stands for " Crapo . "
It 's pronounced " cray - poe . "
Billy Durant , as most people called him , was named after his grandfather Henry Howland Crapo , a Governor of Michigan .
Durant founded GM with only $ 2,000 in capital .
Before making cars , Durant was a carriage maker .
His company , Durant - Dort Carriage Co. in Flint , Michigan , was the largest carriage - maker in the United States , producing more than 100,000 horse - drawn carriages a year .
Within just a few years , Durant quickly built GM by buying Buick , Oldsmobile , Cadillac , and Oakland ( now Pontiac ) .
He then lost control of GM in just two years , then regained control six years later , only to lose it again ( for good this time ) four years afterwards .
In his olden days , Billy Durant poured his time , energy , and money into his latest venture : bowling alleys .
He believed that bowling was the next big thing and that every family in America would spend their time at the bowling alleys .
Needless to say , his last venture did n't grow as big as GM ( source ) .
2. GM's Logo : Mark of Excellence
In 1966 , GM introduced a decal on the door jambs of its vehicles , with the phrase " Mark of Excellence . "
In the 1970s , GM started to produce shoddy cars .
Its Chevy Impala cars ( marketed as a " prestige car within the reach of the average American citizens " ) had leaky windows and the penchant for developing large a crack in the dashboard that owners derisively referred to as the " Mark of Excellence . "
Soon after , GM phased out the phrase though it took a while longer to improve the quality of their cars .
( Photo : Cartype : GM )
3. Who Owns GM ?
GM is a publicly traded company , with about 610.5 million shares outstanding .
Today , ~91 % of GM stocks are held by institutions .
The top 10 institutional holders , made up of banks and investment firms , own more than 50 % of the company ( source ) .
They 've gotta be hurtin ' now as GM 's stock has tumbled from $ 30 a year ago to just about $ 2 .
4. GM Built War Machines for the Allied Forces ...
During World War II , GM led the largest commercial - to - military war production effort in American history .
In 1942 , the company converted all of factories to produce $ 12 billion worth of airplanes , trucks , tanks , guns , and shells for the US military .
No other company delivered as much material to the Allied forces ( source ) .
5. ... and the Nazi
The Opel Blitz - photo via ned .ronet.ru
When he rose to power , Adolf Hitler knew that he had to have an industrial partner to make military vehicles and weapons .
And that partner would n't be Daimler or any other German automakers - the largest automobile manufacturer in German ( actually , all of Europe ) was General Motors .
In 1934 , General Motors ( through its German subsidiary Opel ) started a lucrative partnership with the Third Reich that continued even after Nazi atrocities were revealed :
GM and Germany began a strategic business relationship .
Opel became an essential element of the German rearmament and modernization Hitler required to subjugate Europe .
To accomplish that , Germany needed to rise above the horse - drawn divisions it deployed in World War I .
It needed to motorize , to blitz -- that is , to attack with lightning speed .
Germany would later unleash a blitzkrieg , a lightning war .
Opel built the 3 - ton truck named Blitz to support the German military .
The Blitz truck and its numerous specialized models became the mainstay of the Blitzkrieg .
In 1935 , GM agreed to locate a new factory at Brandenburg , where it would be geographically less vulnerable to feared aerial bombardment by allied forces .
In 1937 , almost 17 percent of Opel 's Blitz trucks were sold directly to the Nazi military .
That military sales figure was increased to 29 percent in 1938 -- totaling about 6,000 Blitz trucks that year alone .
The Wehrmacht , the German military , soon became Opel 's No. 1 customer by far .
Other important customers included major industries associated with the Hitler war machine .
Why did GM do it ?
It was for the money ( surprise ! ) :
A few weeks later , in May 1941 , a year - and - a - half after World War II broke out , with newspapers and newsreels constantly transmitting the grim news that millions had been displaced , murdered or enslaved by Nazi aggression and that London was decimated by the blitz bombing campaign , Sloan , then in his mid-60s , told his closest executives during a Detroit briefing : " I am sure we all realize that this struggle that is going on though the world is really nothing more or less than a conflict between two opposing technocracies manifesting itself to the capitalization of economic resources and products and all that sort of thing . " ( source )
6. GM Helped Build the First Car That Went Out of This World : The Lunar Rover
GM designed and built the mobility system for the Lunar Roving Vehicle , AKA the Lunar Rover or ( my favorite ) the Moon Buggy .
The rover was first successfully used during the Apollo 15 mission .
Photo : NASA via Wikipedia
In a true GM moment , however , during the next mission , the rover 's rear fender fell off !
The astronauts had to make an emergency replacement fender out of maps , duct tape , and clamps .
( Source )
7. Big in ... China !
GM 's sales may have taken a nosedive in the United States , but it has become the top - selling foreign automaker in China .
Chinese consumers snapped up more Buick cars in 2007 than any other automobiles by foreign car makers ( source ) .
8. Birth of the United Auto Workers
Photo : Sheldon Dick , Strikers guarding window entrance to Fisher body plant # 3 , Flint , Michigan - via Libary of Congress
GM is inextricably linked with the birth of the United Auto Workers union .
In December 1936 , the fledgeling union staged a daring sit - down strike at GM 's plant in Flint , Michigan .
The move caught GM by surprise - after all , Alfred P. Sloan , the president of General Motors , considered his workers to be " among the most pampered in the industry . "
Indeed , " Generous " Motors ' wages here high - about $ 1,500 per year - but work was hard and dangerous ( many workers suffered injuries that could 've been easily prevented by wearing gloves ... which were n't supplied by the company ) .
The Great Depression also led to many lay offs , which caused the workers to worry about their job security .
About two weeks after thousands of striking workers occupied the factory , Flint police raided the plant , firing tear gas .
The strikers inside fought back by opening the fire hoses and hurling two - pound hinges and other auto parts at them .
Defeated , the police retreated and the strikers gleefully called the incident " The Battle of Bull 's Run " ( cops being the ' bulls ' that ran away quickly from the plant ) .
Encouraged by this , the UAW targeted other GM plants with strikes .
Forty four days after the start of the strike , GM agreed to grant sole bargaining right to the UAW .
9. GM's Car Troubles : Whose Fault Is It ?
As GM and the rest of the Big Three automakers of Detroit draw closer and closer to bankruptcy , it 's only natural to ask how did they let it get this bad .
Many people blame the union .
On average , Detroit union auto workers earn about $ 75 per hour ( salary and benefits ) .
On top of that , , as well as the legacy costs of health care and pension costs of retired union workers ) .
It all adds up to about an extra $ 2,000 to the car 's cost .
Strict work rules and job classifications led to thousands of redundant factory jobs ( one study concluded that 8,200 assembly jobs would n't be needed if the Big Three automakers had the flexibility of Toyota 's US factories ) .
Update 11/24/08 : Here 's an interesting article at The New Republic about the labor cost of General Motors : Link
How stubborn is the union ?
Here 's a story that illustrates the point :
Not terribly long ago , says a Ford manager who must remain unnamed , Ford dispatched a team of welding experts to a factory to explore efficiency moves .
The plant 's union leaders , fearing layoffs might result , refused to meet with the team , and the effort came to naught .
UAW leaders are n't bad people ; far from it .
But when everything is a negotiation , many things do n't get done .
( Just ask any parent . ) ( Source )
" Job bank " contracts with the union means that even if factories were closed , GM had to pay ( almost full ) wages and benefits of idling workers .
Absenteeism runs rampant : every day , one in 10 auto workers do n't show up for work , forcing the company to create a pool of extra stand - by workers .
Efforts to combat absenteeism by verifying whether the absent workers actually went to the doctor were bitterly opposed by the union .
The management are n't blameless either .
Poor quality control led to shoddy cars that made consumers mad .
Detroit automakers also decided to put all their eggs in one basket : trucks and SUVs , only to see sales dried up as consumers avoided buying gas guzzlers because of the high gas prices .
That poisonous relationship with labor ?
It 's a two way street .
In 1987 , GM Chairman Roger B. Smith remarked a " new spirit of cooperation " between management and labor .
When journalist Paul Ingrassia toured a GM engine plant in New York , he was " stunned to see that there were two [ men's room ] : one for hourly workers , and a separate one for management . "
( Source )
Then , there are things that the management did that are just plain dumb .
GM CEO Rick Wagoner got a 64 % salary increase to $ 15.7 million in 2007 , when GM was closing down plants and posted a record $ 39 billion loss .
CEOs of the Big Three automakers went to Capitol Hill hats in hand to request a $ 25 billion loan package , only to be publicly ridiculed for flying in on private jets ( they did n't even " jet- pooled " or downgraded to flying first class , remarked Re. Gary Ackerman ) .
And when asked what they wanted the $ 25 billion for , they could n't give a straight answer .
( Source )
10 . GM " Firsts "
Despite its current precarious financial troubles , GM had a long history of innovation and technological " firsts . "
To end on a ( more ) positive note , here are but a few of General Motors ' achievements :
First V - 8 Engine ( 1914 , a 70 horsepower engine for the Cadillac )
First room air conditioner ( remember to thank Frigidaire , then a GM subsidiary , who came up with the brilliant device in 1929 )
First barrier impact and rollover tests ( 1934 ) .
First concept car , the legendary Buick Y Job in 1938 .
First fully automatic transmission ( the Hydra - Matic in 1939 ) .
First to put turn signals as standard - equipments on its cars ( 1939 )
First mechanical heart pump ( 1952 , built for Dr. Forest Dodrill by the GM Research Laboratory .
The story is fascinating . )
First company to make $ 1 billion a year ( in 1955 )
First hydrogen fuel cell car ( the 1966 Electrovan ) .
After the project was scrapped because it was cost prohibitive , GM tried to give the Electrovan to the Smithsonian Institute .
They refused the vehicle because they 'd never heard of fuel cells before ...
First Anti-lock Brake System ( ABS ) in 1972 .
First Electronic Fuel Injection ( 1979 )
If you like this post , do n't forget to check out : Evolution of Car Logos
While Barack Obama has struggled to capture the Jewish vote , it turns out that one of his wife ’s cousins is the country ’s most prominent black rabbi — a fact that has gone largely unnoticed .
Michelle Obama , wife of the Democratic presidential nominee , and Rabbi Capers Funnye , spiritual leader of a mostly black synagogue on Chicago ’s South Side , are first cousins once removed .
Funnye ’s mother , Verdelle Robinson Funnye ( born Verdelle Robinson ) and Michelle Obama ’s paternal grandfather , Frasier Robinson Jr. , were brother and sister .
Funnye ( pronounced fuh - NAY ) is chief rabbi at the Beth Shalom B’nai Zaken Ethiopian Hebrew Congregation in southwest Chicago .
He is well - known in Jewish circles for acting as a bridge between mainstream Jewry and the much smaller , and largely separate , world of black Jewish congregations , sometimes known as black Hebrews or Israelites .
He has often urged the larger Jewish community to be more accepting of Jews who are not white .
Funnye ’s famous relative gives an unexpected twist to the much - analyzed relationship between Barack Obama and Jews in this presidential campaign .
On the one hand , Jewish political organizers , voters and donors played an essential role in Obama ’s rise to power in Chicago , including some of the city ’s wealthiest and most prominent families .
But the Illinois senator has struggled to overcome suspicions in some parts of the Jewish community , including skepticism about his stance on Israel and discredited but persistent rumors that he is secretly a Muslim .
Funnye , who described himself as an independent , said he has not been involved with the Obama campaign but that he has donated money and was cheering it on .
“ I know that her grandfather and her father and my mom and all of our relatives that are now deceased would be so very , very proud of both of them , ” Funnye told the Forward .
Michelle Obama and the Obama campaign did not respond to requests for comment .
Funnye told the Forward that he has known Michelle Obama ( born Michelle Robinson ) all her life .
His mother and her father , Frasier Robinson III , enjoyed a close relationship , and Funnye said he saw Michelle several times a year when they were growing up , mostly at family functions and on occasional visits to her house .
“ Her father was like the glue of our family , ” Funnye said .
“ He always wanted to keep the family very connected and to stay in touch with each other . ”
Funnye , 56 , said he and Michelle , 44 , were not especially close growing up , but he remembers her as “ energetic and smart and very caring . ”
The two fell out of touch when they grew older and went their separate ways but then reconnected years later when Michelle Obama was working for the University of Chicago and Funnye was leading a local social service organization called Blue Gargoyle .
Funnye also worked with Barack Obama , then a state senator , who came and spoke at events for the organization .
When Barack and Michelle Obama married , Funnye and his family attended the wedding .
Although Funnye ’s congregation describes itself as Ethiopian Hebrew , it is not connected to the Ethiopian Jews , commonly called Beta Israel , who have immigrated to Israel en masse in recent decades .
It is also separate from the Black Hebrews in Dimona , Israel , and the Hebrew Israelite black supremacist group whose incendiary street harangues have become familiar spectacles in a number of American cities .
Funnye converted to Judaism and was ordained as a rabbi under the supervision of black Israelite rabbis , then went through another conversion supervised by Orthodox and Conservative rabbis .
He serves on the Chicago Board of Rabbis .
Funnye ’s relationship with the Obama family was reported in the Chicago Jewish News in an article dated August 22 .
A Wall Street Journal article in April reported that the aspiring first lady had a cousin ( whom the paper mistakenly referred to as a second cousin ) who is a prominent black rabbi but did not mention Funnye by name .
The rabbi’s familial connection with the Democratic presidential nominee is also a matter of common knowledge in Funnye ’s synagogue .
“ He really jumped on everyone ’s radar after the 2004 convention , ” Funnye said .
“ That ’s when some people said , ‘ Is n’t he related to you or something ? ’
I said , ‘ Yeah , he ’s married to my cousin , and she ’s making him everything that he is . ’ ”
Written by Chris Rah Osiris
A new PS3 firmware is on the way .
It is a minor update , hence the change to the hundredth decimal instead of the tenth .
This update will bring improved sound playback and correct some keyboard issues .
I ’m glad they are fixing this before I get my official keypad .
I want that to work flawlessly .
[ Update ] Firmware 2.52 is now available for download .
Source
This video is taken from a 16 - mm movie made in the 1950s by the late David Rogers at Vanderbilt University .
The state paper has been much tougher on Palin than the wussified , scared - of - Schmidt national press .
Their editorial on her insane response to Troopergate is a classic :
Sarah Palin's reaction to the Legislature 's Troopergate report is an embarrassment to Alaskans and the nation .
She claims the report " vindicates " her .
She said that the investigation found " no unlawful or unethical activity on my part . "
Her response is either astoundingly ignorant or downright Orwellian .
Then they really let her have it :
Gov. Palin and her husband felt so passionately about Wooten because the case was so personal to them .
Their passion blinded them to any other considerations .
They had no sense that the power of the governor 's office carries a special responsibility not to use it to settle family scores .
They had no sense that legal restrictions might prevent the troopers from firing Wooten .
They had no sense that persistent queries from the governor 's office might be perceived as pressure to bend state personnel laws .
Gov. Palin and her husband were obsessed with Wooten the way Capt .
Ahab was obsessed with the Great White Whale .
No Wooten , no peace .
Has Gov. Palin committed an impeachable offense ?
Hardly .
Is what she did indictable ?
No .
But it was n't appropriate , especially for someone elected as an ethical reformer .
And her Orwellian claims of " vindication " make this blemish on her record look even worse .
You asked us to hold you accountable , Gov. Palin .
Did you mean it ?
If a public official refuses to acknowledge reality and invents an alternative reality to live in , she cannot be vice - president , let alone president , of the United States .
This is not a judgment call .
We have a denialist loony on one of the major tickets .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Thursday , 20 Nov , 2008 Offbeat
Cambodian police arrested a Buddhist monk who is suspected of raping a British tourist that he guided to a temple located on top of a mountain .
The 17 - year - old Thorn Sophoan , confessed to committing the crime .
Mey Chhengly , police chief of Battambang Province situated in Northwest Cambodia , stated that the young man has been disrobed and he is no longer the resident of the temple .
The police said that the victim wanted to visit a temple located on top of the Phnom Sam Pov mountain .
When she came to the police station after the assault , officers said that the woman had been trembling .
Police inspector mentioned that when the woman arrived to Cambodia and wanted to look around the region , the monk quickly made friends with her .
Shortly after the police arrested Sophoan , he admitted of raping the woman .
After senior monks found out about the assault , the monk was instantly defrocked .
If he is found guilty of rape , the monk could spend up to 25 years in prison , reported Daily Mail .
It is worth mentioning that a lot of young people in Cambodia decide to become monks because of poverty that predominates in the country , but not all of them fully dedicate their lives to the clergy .
There are a lot of monks walking around Cambodian tows with pots to gather alms to pay for the food they eat at the temple .
A lot of tourists from the West enjoy paying a visit to the country , despite the warning of Cambodia officials who say that it is still not safe in the country , where robberies take place quite often .
In October , four men were jailed for killing a 37 - year - old British mine expert Christopher Howes .
In January of 2007 a monk at the famous Angkor Wat ruins was immediately defrocked after he molested an 8 - year - old French girl .
In August of the same year another monk was arrested and accused of sexual assault and murder of a 10 - year - old Cambodian girl .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
A single sample of infant formula has tested positive for trace amounts of the toxic contaminant melamine , the Food and Drug Administration said Tuesday .
Worries over melamine in infant formula started in China and have spread across the globe to the United States .
Of 77 samples tested , one contained melamine , FDA spokeswoman Judy Leon told CNN .
A trace amount is defined as less than 250 parts per billion , she said .
Last month , the FDA set the safety threshold for melamine at 2,500 parts per billion for foods other than infant formula .
The agency said it did not have enough data to set a safety threshold for infants .
Leon on Tuesday would not disclose the maker of the formula that had trace melamine amounts .
The testing program was initiated after contaminated infant formula in China was linked to thousands of illnesses and a number of deaths among infants .
The FDA said it checked with all manufacturers licensed to distribute baby formula in the United States and determined that none of the components in U.S. - sold infant formula are from China .
Leon said the sample that tested positive most likely became contaminated through the manufacturing process or through contact with can liners .
Learn more about melamine »
A spokeswoman for the Atlanta - based International Formula Council , a trade group , said she had not seen the data , but was encouraged that the quantity found was below levels deemed safe in infants by the governments of China , Malaysia , the Philippines , Hong Kong , Canada and New Zealand .
" Apparently these trace levels can be found in lots of food , " said spokeswoman Mardi Mountford .
The FDA also found trace levels of melamine in several samples of medical formula supplements for the elderly , but the amounts posed no health risk to adults , Leon said .
Though U.S. - based companies can import ingredients from China for nutritional supplements for adults , there is an import ban on dairy products and components , she said .
Melamine is an industrial chemical used in the manufacture of can liners , flame retardant , cleaning products , fertilizers and pesticides .
It does not occur naturally in food .
Because it contains nitrogen , its addition to food products can wrongly suggest an inflated protein content .
Ingesting melamine in large doses over an extended period of time could cause kidney stones and other illnesses , though small amounts pose no such danger for adults , agriculture and health experts say .
Its presence in Chinese infant formula has led to the hospitalization of more than 12,000 children and the deaths of several in China , according to the FDA , which said it is not aware of any such illnesses in the United States .
This month , the FDA announced it was limiting the import of all dairy products from China until they have been proved free of melamine .
All About Food Safety • China • Food and Drug Administration
If you have spent more than a few minutes with point - set topology , chances are that you have heard the term “ Hausdorff space . ”
The axioms of a topological space are perhaps a little too general , and so most topological theorems impose additional axioms .
Here are some of the basic separation axioms :
A space is called if for any two distinct points and , there exists an open set that contains exactly one of and .
A space is called if for any two distinct points and , there exists an open set that contains but not , and an open set that contains but not .
A space is called , or Hausdorff , if for any two distinct points and , there exist disjoint open sets and such that contains and contains .
It should be clear that Hausdorff spaces are , and spaces are .
One example of a space that is not Hausdorff is the integers , where is an open set if is finite .
There are many , many other separation axioms , in fact , there are increasingly strong axioms called , , , and .
So why is the Hausdorff axiom so important ?
One possible explanation involves dense sets .
If is a topological space , a set is called dense if every nonempty open set contains a point from .
For example , is dense .
Notice that any continuous function is determined entirely by its values on .
This can be generalized :
Proposition :
If is a topological space , is dense , and is a Hausdorff space , then any continuous function is determined by its values on .
Proof :
We show that two functions that are equal on are equal everywhere .
Suppose that are continuous and not equal .
Then such that .
By the Hausdorff condition , we can choose disjoint open sets and with and .
Then is a nonempty open set in , so it contains a point .
Hence and , so , and on .
Furthermore , there exist spaces for which the above proposition fails .
In fact , our above example is one case : the space with the cofinite topology .
is , which is not so hard to verify .
It is also not hard to verify that if is infinite , then is dense .
Also , any bijective function is continuous .
But a bijection cannot be determined by its value on all but two points , so if we choose so that contains at least two points , then continuous functions are not determined by their value on .
I feel that this example gives some insight into why Hausdorff spaces are studied so frequently , or at least why they are “ just nice enough ” in many circumstances .
And next week , I ’ll post an exciting converse to the proposition .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
SACRAMENTO — The Sacramento County Republican
Party removed images from its official Web site that compared Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama to Osama bin Laden and urged people to “ Waterboard Barack Obama , ” after state GOP leaders complained about the content .
The Sacramento
Bee today posted an image it said was captured from the Web site that showed Obama in a turban next to bin Laden .
It said : “ The difference between Osama and Obama is just a little B.S. ”
State Republican Party spokesman Hector Barajas said the party asked Sacramento GOP officials to remove the offensive material on Tuesday .
“ I indicated that this campaign is a campaign about the issues .
Barack Obama is not a Muslim , he ’s a Christian , and that ’s been put forth by Sen. John McCain , ” Barajas said .
County Republican chairman Craig MacGlashan did not immediately respond to a telephone message left at his law office by The Associated Press today .
A home phone listing was no longer in service .
By today , the images of Obama juxtaposed with the terrorist who is believed to be the mastermind of the Sept. 11 terror attacks were replaced with cartoon images of the Illinois senator and an altered photo of Obama with the headline “ Progressive - Equally - Scary - Commie ? ? ? ”
“ Ridiculous and baseless attacks like this wo n’t work , and will actually remind voters that bin Laden is still out there because of the failed Bush - McCain policy that took our eye off of bin Laden to invade a country that had nothing to do with 9/11 , ” said Brian Brokaw , a spokesman for the California Democratic party .
Barajas denied that McCain has fueled such comparisons to terrorists by accusing Obama of lying about his association with 1960s radical William Ayers , a founder of the violent anti-war group Weather Underground .
Now a professor in Chicago , Ayers hosted a meet - the - candidate session at his home for Obama as he prepared to run for the Illinois Senate .
Later , the two worked with the same charity and social - service organizations in Chicago .
“ No one ’s saying that Barack Obama wants to do harm to this country or is a terrorist , but since we have no legislation to go on for his record … the question does become a question of judgment , ” Barajas said .
A spokeswoman for Republican Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger denounced the offensive images originally posted on the county party Web site .
“ This type of material , in the governor ’s view , is completely and totally inappropriate , ” spokeswoman Julie Soderlund said .
MacGlashan , the county party chairman , is married to Sacramento County Supervisor Roberta MacGlashan .
He told The Bee in a story published today that he knew what was on the Web site .
“ Some people find it offensive , others do not .
I can not comment on how people interpret things . ”
He had told The Bee he would “ consider people ’s complaints ” before taking any action .
The county party site also features a prominent banner ad and photo of Rep. Dan Lungren .
A campaign official did not immediately respond to a telephone message from The AP today .
— ——
On the Net :
Sacramento County Republican Party : www.sacramentorepublicans.org
Indiana AG investigating robocalls
Indiana attorney general Steve Carter told Politico today that he 's opened an investigation into the political robocalls reportedly hitting his state .
Indiana has a pretty strong 1998 law against automated calls , including political calls , and Carter has been aggressive in the past about enforcing it .
I asked Carter 's office about a report of a McCain call landing in Indiana , and he confirmed that he'd had complaints about political calls .
" We have over the last two or three days received a handful of inquiries for consumers about potential violations of this law , so we ’ll be pursuing those , investigating those , " he said .
McCain has typically used live callers in states that bar robocalls , so it 's unclear whether there were robocalls place to Indiana .
- video encodings still in process -
These are the members of the school board who will vote in favor of science : Mary Helen Berlanga , Bob Craig , Mavis Knight , Rene Nunez , Bruce Beckman , and maybe Lawrence Allen .
[ I was initially told that Pat Hardy supported evolution , but was advised later that she believes creationism to be equal to evolution ; whereas her Libertarian opponant , Bruce Beckman is adamantly against teaching the creation myth at all . ]
Also please support Linda Ellis who is running as a Write In Candidate against Barbara Cargill ( Woodlands ) .
The science community ( all teachers and educators ) should get behind her and help her with her campaign .
If we can start replacing the right wingers then your letters and research will not fall on deaf ears .
Linda Ellis : The WRITE -IN CANDIDATE FOR THE RIGHT Reason.VoteLindaEllis.com
You have our permission to share this letter with as many in your field as possible .
Let 's get the word out on these " goons " that have taken over the SBOE .
Also , if you know anyone in the Beaumont district of David Bradley tell them to support Laura Ewing .
It is imperative that we take hacks like David Bradley out of the decision making at the state level of education .
Read the Texas Monthly article written this month about the State Board .
It 's very telling and it 's about time .
OAKLAND — A massive tanker truck fire following a car crash has prompted authorities to shut down all lanes of southbound Interstate 880 this morning , the California Highway Patrol said .
A vehicle struck the center divide about 6:15 a.m. near 16th Avenue , and soon after a rig carrying gasoline struck that vehicle , causing a tank of about 8,600 gallons of fuel to spill and catch fire .
A total of three vehicles were involved , according to the Oakland Fire Department .
Three people suffered minor injuries but refused ambulance transport .
Southbound I - 880 has been shut down at 16th Avenue , and the CHP is advising motorists to take alternate routes — primarily I - 580 — to get around the crash site .
Truck traffic is also being directed to I -580 .
Staff writers William Brand and Harry Harris contributed to this report .
I found this interview on Youtube , and decided I wanted to share it on here .
I think highlighting the life of Dr. Abdus Salam is a reflection of how the Muslim world treats science , scientists , and anyone with progressive thoughts to better the Muslim World from within .
While this interview does n't necessarily highlight Dr. Abdus Salam 's plight for science , it certainly highlights just how great a man he was , and how what he brought to the Muslim world has been lacking , and continues to lack .
Some background information :
Dr. Abdus Salam was a Pakistani Theoretical Physicist who devoted his life to the study of the elementary particles .
He won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1979 , along with Sheldon Lee Glasgow and Steven Weinberg , " for their contributions to the theory of the unified weak and electromagnetic interaction between elementary particles , including , inter alia , the prediction of the weak neutral current " .
Their theory was later validated through experiments conducted at CERN .
The theory has been put to much use in modern physics , contributing greatly to String Theory , as well as to the quest for the Grand Unified Theory of Physics .
Dr. Abdus Salam , for all his work and notoreity , was never accepted among his own people in Pakistan , because of his adherence to Ahmadiyyat , instead of mainstream Sunni or Shia Islam .
To highlight the extent of rejection taken by the Pakistani Gov't at the time , note that not a single top official from the Pakistani government attended his funeral in 1996 .
The highest government official to attend was a local police chief .
Even on his grave , the local government forced the Ahmadiyya Muslims to change the words on his tombstone from " First Muslim Nobel Laureate " to " First Muslim Laureate " .
Enjoy .
Part 01
Part 02
Part 03
Part 04
The fellow who uploaded this to YouTube writes :
This is possibly the most disturbing thing I 've seen on the Interweb .
I 'm sorry for inflicting this upon all of you .
PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT :
The mushroom in this video looks like Amanita muscaria , which are very poisonous !
Do n't ever try this at home , people .
Picking and eating random wild mushrooms MIGHT KILL YOU .
After a rigorous session of super - sleuthing , I was able to find out more about this guy .
It seems that he is a performance artist from Japan that goes by the name of ' wotaken . '
Here 's his home page : http://katura.is.land.to/index.html.
From the day Tom Cruise put on his eye patch , squeezed into a pair of knee - high jackboots , and started working on his Nazi goosestep , pundits have been queuing to declare the Second World War thriller Valkyrie the most reckless gamble of his career .
The film , a $ 90 m ( £ 60 m ) portrayal of the 20 July 1944 plot to kill Adolf Hitler , in which Cruise plays the failed assassin Claus von Stauffenberg , has been dogged by an almost comic array of problems since its inception two - and - half years ago .
Politicians tried to block filming in Germany .
Relatives of Von Stauffenberg expressed disapproval at Cruise 's links to Scientology .
A team of extras was injured during production and launched a $ 11 m lawsuit .
Major scenes needed to be reshot , and the release date was changed more than three times .
This week , the film 's trailer hit US cinemas .
And as billboards began popping up around Los Angeles announcing its Boxing Day release , a new and even more shocking revelation began doing the rounds of Hollywood : against all the odds , Valkyrie may actually turn out to be rather good .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
On Saturday and Sunday , in cheerful defiance of the wild - fires that gridlocked much of southern California , Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer held its first press screenings of the film , which co-stars Bill Nighy , Kenneth Branagh and Eddie Izzard .
The result was a double triumph .
Not only were a handful of industry reporters present able to scotch dark rumours about Cruise 's German accent ( in the event , he does not attempt one ) , they also gave the film almost shockingly positive reviews .
" All the buzz is that it 's pretty good , " said Variety 's executive editor , Steven Gaydos .
" Von Stauffenberg is not a typical role for Cruise , but in the event , he is a terrific actor who has surrounded himself with some of the most talented people around . "
Downfall , starring Bruno Ganz , demonstrated that Hitler films can bring box - office success .
Valkyrie has been test - screening since August , and is now said to be receiving 80 per cent positive responses from audiences , a surprisingly decent figure for the tale of a one - armed , one - eyed colonel who was killed for attempting to assassinate Hitler with a briefcase bomb .
Buoyed by the reaction , MGM decided to go for the highly competitive holiday release date ( the film was until recently scheduled for launch on Valentine 's weekend ) .
This means it will clash with new films from Jim Carrey and Brad Pitt but gives it an outside chance of Oscar nominations .
For both Cruise and the studio , any such result would represent an extraordinary comeback .
In the 20 months since Valkyrie was given the green light , the film , with its sprawling narrative that crosses several continents , has lurched from crisis to crisis .
It now represents a critical test of both of their futures .
MGM plans to invest $ 60 m marketing the film , and is in dire need of a major hit .
The firm has been struggling in the credit - crunched economy to raise $ 650 m to finance its next major slate of films , which include two instalments of The Hobbit and the next James Bond film .
Its only major successes in recent years have been the past two Bond films , over which it had partial control .
The recent collapse of Merrill Lynch , which has a $ 500 m production facility with the company , prompted MGM 's chairman , Harry Sloan , to launch a review of its finances .
Yesterday , The New York Times added to the studio's woes by revealing that Mr Sloan 's hunt for the new $ 650 m production fund was " dead " , quoting two bankers close to the firm blaming , " in part , the global economic crisis , but also MGM 's staggering $ 3.7bn debt load " .
For Cruise , the stakes are also high .
Despite being at the top of the Hollywood tree for a quarter of a century , his private life has become a magnet for negative publicity , thanks mostly to his association with Scientology .
More pressingly , Cruise has not managed a major hit since Mission Impossible III in 2006 , and has been absent from the screen except for a small role in the lightweight comedy Tropic Thunder , and another small part in the war on terror flop , Lions for Lambs .
The fate of Valkyrie is not just critical to his acting career .
It will also have a major impact on his standing as a film producer .
It was originally approved by United Artists , the MGM unit of which Cruise and his producing partner Paula Wagner were part owners .
Wagner resigned in August after the costly failure of UA 's Lions for Lambs .
Though Cruise still keeps an office at MGM 's headquarters in Century City , Los Angeles , another flop will probably herald the end of his producing career .
Fortunately , for Cruise at least , Valkyrie is a more intelligent beast than its original " action flick " billing suggested , and was directed by the highly regarded Bryan Singer .
" The first impression of a Bryan Singer meets Tom Cruise movie is that you 've got X Men meets Mission Impossible , " admits Singer in one of the film 's new trailers .
" But you may forget that I also made The Usual Suspects , or that Tom made Born on the Fourth of July . "
To restore Hollywood 's confidence in Cruise and MGM , Valkyrie will need to justify that billing by topping the charts in the week of its release .
To actually make money , it will also need to take $ 150 m in the US , and a similar amount when it is exported to the UK and Europe in January .
It is a stiff task .
But with a following wind , pundits say it could help define the rest of Cruise 's career , which , as he approaches his 47th birthday , needs a change from its stock - in - trade of boyish action heroes .
" Tom Cruise has managed 25 years as one of the biggest stars in the world , but at the end of the day , as his recent cameos have suggested , here is a man pushing 50 , " said Steven Gaydos .
" For the next 25 years , he needs to find more mature roles . "
Despite all the problems that have dogged Valkyrie , in Claus von Stauffenberg , Cruise may have stumbled on the perfect alter ego to achieve just that .
The chart above shows the annual vehicle traffic volume , measured in billions of miles traveled in the U.S. , on a moving 12 - month basis through February 2008 from the
Federal Highway Administration
This is a big post that I ’ve been putting off for a long time .
There are a lot of awesome modules in the XMonad .
Prompt .* family , and so there ’s a lot to cover here .
XMonad .
Prompt itself defines a library for displaying prompts to the user , with autocompletion and customizable look and feel .
This module is a back - end library , not intended for use in configurations .
What follows is a description and use cases for what I consider the most important modules in the Prompt family , a breakdown of how to customize the look and feel , and a quick rundown of the remaining Prompt modules as of 0.8 .
Binding a Prompt action to a key
Nearly all Prompt actions are performed using key bindings .
You can bind them to whichever keys you wish , and they all take the same basic form .
First , you need to import the relevant module , for example
import XMonad .
Prompt .
Shell
Second , you need to create a keybinding to call a function from it
( modMask conf .|. xK_s , shell Prompt myXPConfig )
or using XMonad .
Util.EZConfig ( which will be the subject of a future PYXM )
( " M-s " , shell Prompt myXPConfig )
The myXPConfig argument is how you customize the look and feel of the prompts .
See the section called “ Look and Feel Customization ” below on how to do this .
Running Commands and Launching Applications : Shell , RunOrRaise , DirExec
One obvious application of Prompt is using it to run shell commands and launch applications .
XMonad .
Prompt .Shell.shellPrompt works similarly to dmenu , though it allows command - line arguments to be provided as well , and more complete look - and - feel customization .
XMonad .
Prompt.RunOrRaise.runOrRaisePrompt uses the XMonad .
Actions .RunOrRaise functionality to prompt for an application , launch it if it is n’t running , and summon it if it is .
XMonad .
Prompt.DirExec.dirExecPrompt can be used when you want to run programs from a directory not necessarily in your path .
Navigating by Window Titles : Window
XMonad .
Prompt .
Window ‘s windowPromptGoto and windowPromptBring functions present an autocompleting list of window titles for all the windows in your session , and either take you to the window you name , or bring it to your location .
This can be very helpful both for tracking down windows you ’ve misplaced , and for bringing remote windows here without going to find them .
Minimally Disruptive Note - Taking : AppendFile
XMonad .
Prompt .
AppendFile is my personal favourite find from my research for this article .
That might not be fair to Shell and Window , I knew they were there so they were n’t “ finds ” .
What Append File does is prompt you for one line of text , which it then appends to a file named in your xmonad.hs .
The intended purpose ( there are probably others ) is to be able to jot down quick notes by hitting a key binding and typing one line , without disrupting whatever other task you were doing .
Arbitrary XMonad Actions : XMonad
XMonad .
Prompt .XMonad can be viewed as an extension of your key bindings .
It displays an autocompleting list of actions , each action bound to an arbitrary X ( ) , like a key binding .
You can use the provided default bindings using xmonadPrompt ( which seem to correspond to roughly the same actions as the default key bindings ) or create your own list of ( name , action ) pairs with xmonadPromptC .
Look and Feel Customization : XPConfig
The XPConfig data type is defined in XMonad .
Prompt , and it defines the various colours and other parameters that determine the appearance , position , font , size and behaviour of the Prompt box .
Following is a rundown of the parameters and what they control .
font — a String naming a font in the X format , eg. " -*- terminus-*-*-*-*-16-*-*-*-*-*-*-*" ( default : " - misc-fixed -*-*-*-*-10-*-*-*-*-*-*-*" )
— a naming a font in the X format , eg. ( default : ) fgColor , bgColor — String s in " #rrggbb " format , defining the fore - and background colours .
( defaults : " #333333 " and " #FFFFFF " )
— s in format , defining the fore - and background colours .
( defaults : and ) fgHLight , bgHLight —
String s as above , defining the highlight colour for a completion entry .
( defaults : " #000000 " and " # BBBBBB " )
— s as above , defining the highlight colour for a completion entry .
( defaults : and ) borderColor — a String as above , defining the border colour .
( default : " #FFFFFF " )
— a as above , defining the border colour .
( default : ) promptBorderWidth — the border width in pixels .
( default : 1 )
— the border width in pixels .
( default : ) position — either Top or Bottom , the constructors of the XPPosition data type .
( default : Bottom )
— either or , the constructors of the data type .
( default : ) height — the height of the Prompt bar in pixels ( make sure it ’s large enough for your font ! ) ( default : 18 )
— the height of the bar in pixels ( make sure it ’s large enough for your font ! ) ( default : ) history Size — the number of history entries to save .
( default : 256 )
— the number of history entries to save .
( default : ) defaultText — a String defining the text initially in the Prompt box when it opens .
( default : " " )
— a defining the text initially in the box when it opens .
( default : ) autoComplete — a Maybe Int that controls the autocompletion behaviour .
If Nothing , you must press Enter to select the entry .
If Just x , it will select a unique entry after x microseconds .
For example , Just 1000000 would wait 1 full second .
( default : Nothing )
Remaining modules
These modules are well worth mentioning but are straightforward enough to just list quickly :
Workspace — takes a String -> X ( ) function and gives it the name of the workspace you specify in the prompt .
Could be used to focus the named workspace , bring all the windows on it to the current workspace , or any other action .
— takes a function and gives it the name of the workspace you specify in the prompt .
Could be used to focus the named workspace , bring all the windows on it to the current workspace , or any other action .
Ssh — given a host name in the prompt , creates an SSH session in a terminal .
— given a host name in the prompt , creates an SSH session in a terminal .
Man — displays the man page for the subject you provide in the prompt .
— displays the man page for the subject you provide in the prompt .
AppLauncher — functionality similar to dmenu .
Conclusion
The XMonad .
Prompt .* family is a prime example of the awesome functionality just waiting to be discovered .
Depending on how they use XMonad , I have seen Ssh , Window and RunOrRaise all make an xmonad user ’s day .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
The goal is to produce a screencast up to 20 minutes long , showing what can be built with Pinax in a short amount of time .
You have 3 weeks to submit your entry or entries and then the core developers of Pinax will judge the best entries .
You can submit as many times as you like .
Judging Criteria
Submissions will be judged on three criteria with certain weightings :
the overall video and audio quality of the screencast ( 20 % )
how impressive the end result of what you build is ( 30 % )
how well it shows off Pinax ( 50 % )
You can have some stuff developed in advance ( i.e. the entire site you build does n't have to be built in 20 minutes ) but that 's a tradeoff you have to make between the second and third criteria .
More done in advance means probably a more impressive end result but shows off Pinax less ; more you actually do during the screencast , might mean a less impressive result at the end but shows off Pinax more .
License
We require all videos to be made available under a Creative Commons Attribution - Share Alike license so we can distribute them in edited and unedited form .
Prize
The first prize is a $ 100 Amazon Gift Card with a runner up prize of a $ 40 Amazon Gift Card .
Even though you can submit more than one entry , the same person wo n't be able to win both prizes ( even if they have the 1st and 2nd best submissions ) .
See http://contests.pinaxproject.com/contest/3/
HANOVER , NH - Whether someone is looking directly at you or not when they are angry or afraid has an effect on how your brain interprets those expressions , says a group of Dartmouth researchers .
In their study , the researchers found that the direction of another 's gaze influences how your brain responds to fear and anger expressed by that person , specifically in your amygdala , which is the area in the brain that regulates emotions , detects potential threats and directs emotional behavior .
Published in the June 6 issue of Science , the study reports that when viewing pictures of angry expressions , people exhibit more amygdala activity when the angry person in the picture is looking away .
When viewing expressions of fear , the amygdala is more active when there is direct eye contact .
This study is the first to demonstrate that gaze direction is an important signal in how we perceive facial expressions , according to the authors .
" Some people may be surprised to learn that the amygdala actually responded most when threat cues were ambiguous , " said Reginald Adams , a former Dartmouth graduate student and the lead author on the paper .
" This may indicate that the amygdala perceives heightened threat in uncertainty , or that the amygdala has to work harder to make sense of the ambiguity surrounding the threat . "
For the study , participants viewed photographs of other people displaying anger and fear expressions .
The eyes in the photographs were shifted to change the direction of the gaze .
The participants ' brain activity was captured with functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) .
The researchers report that the direction of gaze is important in determining whether the impending threat is coming from the person presenting the expression or from another dangerous element in the environment .
The expressions of fear that were communicated eye - to - eye caused more amygdala activity as did averted expressions of anger , both of which suggest an uncertain source of threat or danger .
" This finding highlights the need for including eye gaze direction in future research examining how emotion is processed and perceived , " said Adams .
The other authors on the paper include Heather Gordon , a Dartmouth graduate student ; Abigail Baird , Assistant Professor of Psychological and Brain Sciences ; Nalini Ambody , Associate Professor of Psychology at Harvard University ; and Robert Kleck , Professor of Psychological and Brain Sciences .
###
This research was supported by a Doctoral Dissertation Improvement Grant from the National Science Foundation , and a National Research Service Award from the National Institute of Mental Health , both awarded to Adams .
This study was also supported by a Dartmouth Reiss Family Senior Faculty Grant awarded to Kleck .
While the music industry organizations continue to pretend that the courts decide the path of technology evolution , risking moreover to take unprecedented blows , the recording labels take note of an historic first .
Atlantic Records , a label owned by the multinational Warner Music Group , has actually announced that more of the half of music sales in the United States ( 51 % ) come from the digital market in its several forms .
Having published artists like Ray Charles , John Coltrane and , more recently , the Ben Gibbard ‘s indie band Death Cab for Cutie , Atlantic is the first of the industry big names to state to have delivered more tracks on iTunes , ring tones and web streaming than CD - Audio .
After 10 years from the Napster phenomenon appearance , the New York Times recalls , at least in one case digital delivery has become the privileged tool for doing business and , hence , making profits in the recording market .
The analysts state to be surprised by the Atlantic esteems , and they continue to foresee that the industry on its whole wo n’t be able to largely count on digital if not after some years .
WMG itself , contrariwise to Atlantic , barely gets 18 % of its total revenue in the States from on - line sales .
Meanwhile the majors are constantly pursuing new sources of income to recover the losses of the CD market , whose drop is n’t apparently filled up by a proportional growth in digital sales .
According to the Forrester Research figures , the “ traditional ” music market will drop down to a 9.2 billions of dollars value in 2013 from the 10.1 billions of this year and from the almost distant 14.6 billions of 1999 .
“ It ’s not at all clear that digital economics can make up for the drop in physical “ , states the former EMI exec John Rose now turned into an analyst , and it ’s for this reason that the labels hopes are currently aimed toward those “ secondary ” channels like concert tickets and the merchandising nourished by artists .
Forrester Research foresees that digital music will reach 50 % of the majors revenues pie not before 2011 , and meanwhile compact discs still made up for two thirds of total sales .
The Atlantic Records result could be a case apart hard to achieve in the medium term particularly considering that , in a direction opposite to the general trend , the label states to have not seen any drop in its CD - Audio sales .
Similar posts :
Close up view of caves on the Rock of Gibraltar .
Left to right : Bennett ’s , Gorham ’s , Vanguard .
All were occupied by Neanderthals .
The diet of prehistoric Neanderthals living in caves on the Rock of Gibraltar included seals and dolphins , showing once again that the hominids had skills rivaling those modern humans living then , according to a new study .
The discovery of seal , dolphin and fish remains in the caves dating from 60,000 to 30,000 years ago provides the first evidence that Neanderthals ate sea mammals as well as land grub .
Archaeologists found the mammals ' remains among Neanderthal hearth sites in Vanguard and Gorham ’s Caves on the Rock of Gibraltar .
The bones of some of the animals have cut marks that were likely made by Neanderthals using flint knives , also found on site , to cut the meat off .
Until now , scientists have wondered if Neanderthals had the ability to catch large sea mammals , which could have been more difficult to hunt than land animals .
The direct ancestors of modern humans living around the same time were known to have eaten seafood , and some scientists thought this skill demonstrated their superiority over Neanderthals .
" Deep down there is this idea that modern humans are cognitively superior and therefore able to outcompete Neanderthals , " said researcher Clive Finlayson , director of the Heritage Division at the Gibraltar Museum .
" I suppose we 've thrown a bit of a spanner in the works by showing that Neanderthals were doing exactly the same thing . "
The researchers can't be sure how the ancient Neanderthals hunted their seafood , but suggest that perhaps Neanderthals used clubs to kill seals that came close to the beach to have their pups .
This skill might have involved knowledge of the seasons , and prediction of seal birthing time .
And maybe they snatched dolphins that swam too close to shore , or got stranded on the beach .
The fact that the sea mammal remains found in the caves date from several different time periods spread over about 30,000 years demonstrates that seafood eating was n't just a fluke event , but a practiced and repeated behavior , Finlayson said .
And there 's no reason to think it was n't happening all along the coasts of Portugal and Spain where Neanderthals were living at the time .
" Our preliminary findings would suggest that in some cases it may have been a significant component of the mammals they were taking , " Finlayson told LiveScience .
" I would find it hard to believe it 's just peculiar to this site .
Perhaps this study prompts others to go and look for it . "
Modern humans and Neanderthals both lived in Europe for a common stretch of 10,000 to 20,000 years .
However , the two species did not overlap in Gibraltar and nearby regions : Modern humans appeared in the area about 3,000 to 4,000 years after the last Neanderthals were there .
The marine mammal discovery suggests that Neanderthals and modern humans were a lot more alike than once thought .
" To me it 's not surprising because I 've been advocating for many years that I feel that they 've been misunderstood as strict carnivores , " Finlayson said .
" It 's exactly what I would expect in an environment where you have a range of resources , that they would try to tap them all .
We 've been suggesting they were as intelligent as modern humans with similar behaviors . "
The researchers detail their findings in the Sept. 23 issue of the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Republican John McCain on Friday tapped Alaska 's young governor to join him in his quest for the White House .
Sarah Palin , a mother of five who keeps a play pen by her desk for her baby son , was considered a dark horse candidate to be Mr. McCain 's nominee for vice - president , and in an interview with the Financial Post in her Anchorage office on Aug. 14 , the governor indicated she wants to drill for oil and gas in a protected area of the state — something Mr. McCain opposes .
Ms. Palin , 44 , is a lifetime NRA member who is in charge of a conservative state .
She 's bullish on drilling offshore and opening up more of the contentious Arctic National Wildlife Refuge ( ANWR ) to exploration and production .
" People are realizing , too , there 's been some deception , I think , from some on what ANWR is all about .
Of the 20 million acres up there , we 're looking at 2,000 acres as a footprint , " she said in the interview .
" With new technology , with directional drilling , maybe that footprint [ will ] shrink even more . "
Both Mr. McCain and his opponent , Democratic presidential hopeful Barack Obama , as well as several environmentalists , are against drilling in this area .
Ms. Palin is Alaska 's biggest champion for building a gas line that would connect its resource - rich North Slope to the lower 48 states .
Her pet project , the Alaska Gasline Inducement Act , was recently passed , giving TransCanada Corp .
a mandate to move ahead with the project .
TransCanada faces competition from BP PLC and ConocoPhillips Inc. who are charging ahead with their own line outside of Ms. Palin 's legislative framework .
( Read more about the battle for the gas line in Saturday 's FP ) .
Mr. Obama has also come out in support of building the line , and Ms. Palin is certain that Mr. McCain would agree .
" I have all the confidence in the world that McCain too , who seems to , he seems to be even more cognizant of the fact the we have to be energy independent in America to a greater degree than we are today , and that 's for national security reasons , " Ms. Palin said .
" McCain , too , I am sure will do all that he can to make sure that this project happens . "
Ms. Palin ’s husband , Todd , works for BP on the North Slope , a reality she denies is a conflict because , in Alaska , one way or another , most people have ties to the oil industry .
" For 20 years he 's been working as an oil production operator , " she said .
" It is pretty much a blue collar union [ job ] .
They are separating the oil and gas and water in a facility up there . "
Ms. Palin fishes , hunts , snowmobiles and when her husband is fishing commercially out of Bristol Bay , she sometimes goes out to help .
This year , however , she has n't even gotten around to getting a sport license to fish off the dock .
Her passion for Alaska 's outdoors means she respects the environment as she encourages resource development , she said .
Her oldest son has traded his hockey shoulder pads to join the army .
One of her three daughters , Piper , scooted in and out of her office as Ms. Palin spoke with the Financial Post .
Her other two daughters were also around .
Her youngest son , Trig Paxson Van Palin , was born in April .
He has Down syndrome .
Prior to taking the helm in Alaska , Ms. Palin was the mayor of Wasilla , a city near Anchorage .
Ms. Palin 's office did not immediately return calls for comment Friday morning .
During Ms. Palin ’s interview with the FP , she was coy about the vice - presidential opportunity .
She evaded saying she would take the job .
" Because it is so far out of that realm of possibilities , I do n't spend time thinking about it , to tell you the truth , " she told the FP .
" And I 'm very excited for whomever it is to be tapped soon so that I get to concentrate just on what we 're doing today in Alaska . "
( See more questions and answers about the VP job below ) .
Sarah Palin Interview from Aug. 14 : The VP Questions Financial Post :
What is it like to be named as a VP prospect ?
Ms. Palin :
It kind of cracks me up .
It is so far out of the realm of possibility and reality .
FP : How so ?
Ms. Palin : Because I ’m a hockey mom from Alaska .
And I have a heck of a lot on my plate up here with a very full and fulfilling job as governor .
FP : If you were asked would you say no ?
Ms. Palin : Again , because it is so far out of that realm of possibilities , I do n’t spend time thinking about it , to tell you the truth .
And I ’m very excited for whomever it is to be tapped soon so that I get to concentrate just on what we ’re doing today in Alaska .
Here 's what she had to say on the energy questions FP : What does getting TransCanada licensed under AGIA mean for Alaska and North America ?
Ms. Palin :
What this means is we 're taking steps towards dealing with an energy crisis that affects Alaska and the entire North American continent .
Alaska finally can be in a position of producing and contributing to a solution here , to a problem that so many on the North American continent are facing .
Finally , Alaskans can be put in the position of being that producer and at the same time , we 're in a position , finally , where we can protect our state sovereignty .
FP : What happens if TransCanada 's open season — its call for shipping commitments — does n't have the support it needs to go ahead ?
Ms. Palin :
There are provisions in the oil companies ' leases that say when it is economic [ to do so ] , [ the ] resources are going to be developed .
There 's a duty to produce , and if [ the producers ] do n't abide by that , there are tools in the state 's toolbox that we can use to make sure that they do abide by the provisions in their leases .
And that includes litigation .
We do n't want to have to go there .
We want to be working with these producers , with the leaseholders between now and then .
A partnership that will make sure this is win -win for all .
For the state , the producers , [ and ] the pipeline building company -- that 's the goal and that 's what 's going to happen .
So Rock Band 2 was released yesterday .
Anand picked it up and I 'll certainly be playing it as some point in the near future .
But the release sparked a debate between my wife and I about age appropriate gaming .
Sure , it might not be a good idea to expose children to lots of murder , rape and explicit language .
Not that all that stuff should n't be allowed in artwork and entertainment , but young children do n't have the ability to understand the context of the work .
As adults we have the capacity to differentiate between our own lives and the type of activities we see on TV , hear in our music , or interact with in our games .
As parents we have the responsibility to make sure our children understand reality and are able to function within the context of our current society .
While children are still building the foundation of their understanding of the world , concepts ideas and images have a much higher impact on them than on adults .
Beyond this , very young children tend just to repeat and imitate a lot and that can cause problems on its own .
For instance , I do n't particularly have a problem with language .
Any word we use has a meaning and can be effective in conveying an idea .
" Bad " " dirty " and all that I believe to be misnomers .
Sometimes people feel ways about stuff and need to relate that to others .
Sometimes the f-bomb is the best tool to do this .
But , for societal reasons , many people are offended by the use of certain words .
It is thus inconsiderate for me to go around using words that other people may not be comfortable with hearing .
And while I do n't care if my child wishes to use any word she wants , there is the problem of her not understanding appropriateness at the ripe old age of 2 .
So , while teaching someone the appropriate use of language and disallowing them the knowledge of something both result in the same outward appearance , age appropriateness of the proper parenting technique is necessary .
For now , we try not to allow our daughter to learn words that she might inappropriately use to the detriment of others .
This is in the same way we would not give her a knife until she comes to the point in her life where she is able to learn that stabbing herself and others with a sharp object is not a good idea without having to try it out first .
It is not that knives are bad , it 's just that until a certain age children are not equipped to lean how to use them well .
Yeah yeah , learning about killing and rape and cursing is bad ( especially for really young ones ) .
But there is a further issue at hand .
While my wife and I ( generally ) agree on all the above , we diverge when it comes to some Wii games and Rock Band / Guitar Hero in particular .
Will exposing young children to games that closely imitate reality while dumbing it down and providing immediate gratification and simulated praise make children less interested in or apt to learn specialized skills like playing baseball , tennis or musical instruments ?
Should the interface to a video game also have an age appropriateness attached to it ?
I say no .
Laura says yes .
Here 's our point / counterpoint with me up first .
Derek 's
Thoughts :
I think playing games is playing games .
Sure , my daughter might see me jamming out with a 5 buttoned guitar like object with a glorified light switch to " strum . "
She 'll also see me racing a cartoon go - kart with a disembodied wheel while yelling at my wife .
That 's not going to make her not want to learn to drive .
Doing the thing in real life has a function , and that function will have a value of its own outside the video game .
I can swing my Wii-mote at a screen and hit baseballs , but until we get holodecks ( opening up a whole other debate ) , reality will always offer a different experience than video games .
Each has its own advantages and disadvantages , but they do n't replace each other .
There is room for both .
Adding to our specific situation , our daughter already loves guitars .
She sees us play them and hears them on the radio and gets really excited .
She loves plucking the strings and hearing the sound .
But , of course , if she wants to play music she 'll have a lot to learn .
Lots of time and frustration will be part of the experience .
While many have argued that Rock Band or Guitar Hero could inspire some children to want to learn an instrument , that does n't apply here .
So could introducing Rock Band as a concept to our daughter fulfill her love of guitars enough to the point where she does n't want to learn ?
Would she be so gratified by the cheering of fake crowds and the ease of pressing buttons while hearing a song spew forth that she would never want to pick up a real guitar ?
I do n't think so .
In fact , I believe that learning the basic ideas behind playing guitar that you can't take away from this type of game will go a long way to helping her learn guitar for real .
The movement of your fingers between the buttons does help get your hands used to the types of movements you need to make when fingering a real guitar .
Strumming , even though the strum bar is nothing like real strings , will absolutely teach you rhythm and timing .
My sister always wanted to play guitar .
She took lessons for a long while but had a real hard time with strumming .
She could n't get it down until someone came along and was able to really teach her what it feels like to play songs the way they need to be played .
I think music games can do that for people in ways that teachers often are not able .
I also do n't think the cheering crowds have much to do with it .
In the end there is a satisfaction we get from playing a game , and that is doing well at the game .
Pleasing some digital fan is n't satisfying in the same way that pleasing a person is , but if pleasing a digital fan is part of the game then doing so still has its use .
Honestly , if we locked our daughter in a room and all she had to satisfy her was video games then I think we would have a problem .
But I do n't think that there is any age in which we need to worry about her replacing real experiences with video game experiences as long as we expose her to the spectrum of possibilities in the world .
She will pick doing the things that she likes doing based on the things we expose her to .
As long as she has access to varied experiences , she 'll end up being the person she is supposed to be .
If that 's a rocker playing guitar , that 's fine .
If she ends up being a professional video game player , I think that 's fine too .
And I do n't think they 'll ever be mutually exclusive activities .
Laura 's
Thoughts :
Imagine a sink full of dishes .
Splatters of yesterday 's spaghetti have crystallized on half of the bowls , someone thought it might be a good idea to leave the peelings from lunch 's cucumber experience all over the place , and an unidentifiable smell is emanating from what can only be described as the bowels of the drainpipe .
And it 's your turn to clean up after the meal .
The usual method involves scalding hot water , copious amounts of dish soap , sore arms and a noisy dishwasher .
But let 's do it differently today .
You pick up the first dish and run it under the water , all of the hardened food suddenly vanishing as if the faucet spews forth a magic crud-busting liquid .
You place the dish into the washer and a massive crowd of young , busty teenagers screams your name .
They want more .
With each dish the voices swell , blinking lights indicate that you are washing a perfect load .
You come to the end , shut the door , turn on the dishwasher … and a rainbow shoots out with the surge of the cheering crowd .
I do n't care who you are , you will never want to wash dishes the old way again .
But the joy of some tasks just is n't part of the doing .
It 's part of the result .
And while learning how to play an instrument is not exactly like dishwashing , there are times when it will feel about as fun .
When you 're done , however , there 's nothing quite as rewarding as having gotten that solo bridge guitar part perfectly , note for note … or the smell of lemony cleanness and a spotless kitchen .
I 'm not afraid my daughter would n't want to pick up a guitar once she sees how fun it is to play Rock Band 2 .
But I would be amazed if she persevered with the real thing in the same way after experiencing the misleading rewards of the video game .
I can honestly say that if you offered me an afternoon of golf or a Mario Golf disc , I 'd choose the one that requires less walking .
If I was told to either go join the army or play a round of Counterstrike , I would n't slap on a helmet .
And if running the country felt at all like playing Generals or Civilization , a lot more people would be interested in the job .
( Do n't freak out , I know I probably crossed a few of the general publics ' comfort boundaries with those last two sentences ) .
Not all game examples are like this , but it seems to ring true with a concept as tangible as learning an instrument .
There 's also so much good in learning to appreciate the joy of a task before watering it down .
If my daughter wants to practice guitar and starts to really find a passion for it , there 's no reason to continue to censor her video game guitar experiences .
As far as other aspects of Rock Band go , I 'm not sure she should be subjected to some of the lyrics involved , either .
Even if the game cuts out curse words ( which I 'm actually not a fan of , modifying art for the purpose of mass distribution and making money is the definition of SELLING OUT ) it 's still my job as her parent to not subject her to imagery like " come and drink it up from my fertility " and " drink my juice young love chug - a - lug me . "
I wo n't apologize for having standards .
As a matter of fact , if more parents had higher standards the game venders would n't have to be telling you what you can and can't buy according to a tiny rating box some suit slapped on the cover .
I wo n't have to shield my kids from the ways of the world for long , but I 'd be a bad parent if I did n't give them a slow exposure over their young lives .
Wrapping it up :
We wo n't be getting Rock Band 2 .
Sure , I believe what I believe .
But part of good parenting is compromise .
My wife feels strongly about this issue , and our policy is generally to respect the wishes of the more cautious parent at any given time .
Since we both come from different backgrounds , I think this helps us cover a lot of bases .
I think our daughter 's life will be just as fulfilled without Rock Band 2 in it , so it is no loss there .
Plus I 'll still get to play it at Anand 's house , so I 'm not missing out on anything either .
Certainly we are n't trained in child psychology or anything .
But as parents we still need to consider all this stuff .
As more and more technology enters the home , the impact this has on young children will only become more relevant .
We do n't have all the answers , but we do try and carefully consider these issues .
But what do you guys think ?
Candied Bacon Ice Cream Recipe
Pin 3 K 3K Shares
Who does n’t like bacon and eggs ?
Ok , maybe vegans .
And folks who are kosher .
And people who do n’t eat eggs .
Or those who do n’t like bacon .
But I ’m not sure that ’s possible .
( I have a great bacon joke , but it ’s not ‘ pc ’ , so I ’d better keep it to myself . )
I ’m a big fan of both bacon and the beautiful , bright - orange yolked eggs we get in France , so why confine them to breakfast ?
I was pretty sure Candied Bacon Ice Cream would work .
I mean , it ’s got salt .
It ’s got smoke .
So why not candy it ?
Inspired by Michael Ruhlman , l wanted to see what would happened when they all got together .
Candying the bacon was a hoot .
Being in an experimental mood , I tried everything from agave nectar to maple syrup to dark raw cassonade sugar .
I lined up five strips and baked them off .
Surprisingly , the best results I had was using regular light brown sugar .
The agave nectar I painted on , as well as the maple syrup — which I had impossibly - hopeful hopes for — just slid right off .
I suppose I could ’ve reduced maple syrup to a thick glaze before brushing it on , but I ’m down to the last quarter of the bottle I brought back from the Greenmarket in New York .
And as much as I love you all , I do n’t love you more than maple syrup .
Still , for flavor and crisp - itude , the light brown sugar won hands - down and baked to a firm , shiny - sweet glaze .
Of course , individual ovens vary and although I asked my charcutier to cut my bacon on the moderately - thick side ( around ¼ - inch or ½ centimeter ) — if yours is thinner or thicker , keep an eye on it in the oven .
American bacon tends to throw off lots of fat , so you might want to bake it on a rack .
( Someone came over to write a story about my kitchen last week and was a bit surprised I did n’t have a microwave .
Unfortunately it came down to a space - issue an the monster espresso machine won out .
So I candied my bacon the old - fashioned way . )
As I was scooping the ice cream out of the machine and tossing in the bits of candied bacon , getting ready to lick the spatula ( hey , pipe down … no one was looking … )
I had a last - minute thought that dusting of ground cinnamon would be nice , so I added it .
I tend to be pretty restrained when using cinnamon around here since if I offer a taste of something with more than a very light dusting of it to French friends , they have a hard time getting past the cinnamon and I ca n’t get an accurate evaluation from them .
They do like cinnamon , just not in the vast quantities we American like to shovel in .
So I wanted it to be subtle and not off - putting , but present .
Are n’t I good at pleasing everyone ?
Très ‘ pc ’ .
My final test was when I brought a small container of this to my butcher to see what he thought .
I did n’t tell him what it was and he took a bite .
I waited .
He tasted .
The priceless look on his face !
Then I breathed a sigh of relief when he polished it off and gave it the thumbs up .
But then again , he ’s a little biased .
Bacon Ice Cream Print Recipe About 3/4qt ( 3/4L )
Like my butcher , I loved the salty taste of bacon with brown sugar , but I ’m also going to be folding bits of candy bacon into Coffee Ice Cream in the future .
Or maybe get really crazy and try little bits in a batch of Avocado Ice Cream .
If you do n’t have half - and - half , simply mix together heavy cream and whole milk in equal proportions .
I ’m not sure about dairy alternatives , but since this does n’t fall into the vegan category , I think this time I ’m off the hook .
; )
For the candied bacon 5 strips bacon about 2 teaspoons light brown sugar
For the ice cream custard 3 tablespoons ( 45g ) salted butter 3/4 cup ( 140g ) packed brown sugar , light or dark ( you can use either ) 2 3/4 cups ( 675 ml ) half - and - half 5 large egg yolks 2 teaspoons dark rum or whiskey 1/ 4 teaspoon vanilla extract optional : 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon 1 .
To candy the bacon , preheat the oven to 400F ( 200C ) .
2 . Lay the strips of bacon on a baking sheet lined with a silicone mat or aluminum foil , shiny side down .
3 . Sprinkle 1 ½ - 2 teaspoons of brown sugar evenly over each strip of bacon , depending on length .
4 . Bake for 12 - 16 minutes .
Midway during baking , flip the bacon strips over and drag them through the dark , syrupy liquid that ’s collected on the baking sheet .
Continue to bake until as dark as mahogany .
Remove from oven and cool the strips on a wire rack .
5 . Once crisp and cool , chop into little pieces , about the size of grains of rice .
( Bacon bits can be stored in an airtight container and chilled for a day or so , or stored in the freezer a few weeks ahead . )
6 . To make the ice cream custard , melt the butter in a heavy , medium - size saucepan .
Stir in the brown sugar and half of the half - and - half .
Pour the remaining half - and - half into a bowl set in an ice bath and set a mesh strainer over the top .
7 . In a separate bowl , stir together the egg yolks , then gradually add some of the warm brown sugar mixture to them , whisking the yolks constantly as you pour .
Pour the mixture back into the saucepan .
8 . Cook over low to moderate heat , constantly stirring and scraping the bottom with a heatproof spatula , until the custard thickens enough to coat the spatula .
9 . Strain the custard into the half - and - half , stirring over the ice bath , until cool .
Add liquor , vanilla and cinnamon , if using .
10 . Refrigerate the mixture .
Once thoroughly chilled , freeze in your ice cream maker according to the manufacturer ’s instructions .
Add the bacon bits during the last moment of churning , or stir them in when you remove the ice cream from the machine .
Related Posts :
Meet Your Maker
Making Ice Cream Without A Machine
More Bacon Bits :
Put your money where your bacon is
Homemade bacon vodka
Your daily bacon
Bacon for boo-boos
Pig candy
Bacon baklava
Bacon toffee
Does everything taste better with bacon ?
Maple Bacon cupcakes
Bacon unwrapped
Makin ’ bacon
Even vegetarians like bacon
Spray - on bacon
Pin 3 K 3K Shares
The subject is still a touchy one when it comes to Hollywood .
There is a fine line between glamorizing alcohol and drugs while at the same time conveying the moral and legal ramifications associated with using them .
There are a handful of movies that show the real side of substance abuse without the glitz and glamour , yet are stylized enough to be popular and profitable .
I chose the following movies because of my love of movies and because of the various addictions I have struggled with over the years .
Every time I see one of these movies it reminds me of where I have been and where I could have ended up had I not managed to defeat my personal demons .
With that I have compiled the 10 Best Movies about Substance Abuse .
10 Altered States Ken Russell , 1980
Edward Jessup ( William Hurt in his film debut ) is a university professor who , while studying schizophrenia begins to think that “ our other states of consciousness are as real as our waking states . ”
Jessup begins experimenting with sensory - depravation using a flotation tank .
The professor then enhances the effects of his experiments by injecting a “ mushroom cocktail ” he brought back from Mexico .
In the flotation tank he undergoes a series of increasingly drastic psychological and physical transformations .
The 1980 film is an adaption of a novel by the same name by playwright and screenwriter Paddy Chayefsky .
It was the only novel that Chayefsky ever wrote , as well as his final film .
Both the novel and the film are based on John C. Lilly ’s sensory depravation research conducted in isolation tanks under the influence of psychoactives like ketamine and LSD .
This is a favorite movie of mine because of it ’s artsy , wildly hallucinogenic drug scenes .
Buy the DVD at Amazon
9 Reefer Madness Louis J. Gasnier , 1936
Also titled Tell Your Children , this 1936 cult classic was intended to be shown to parents as a morality tale attempting to teach them about the dangers of cannabis use .
However , soon after the film was shot , it was purchased by producer Dwain Esper , who re-cut the film for distribution on the exploitation film circuit .
In 1971 , Reefer Madness was discovered in the Library of Congress archives by National Organization for Marijuana Reform Laws founder Keith Stroup , who bought a print for $ 297 , and made it the darling of pot smokers and college campuses .
For this modern audience , the poor production values and overacting create an uproarious comedy .
Stroup is also responsible for the notion that the film was originally created as a propaganda piece .
Distributing Reefer Madness to college campuses of the 1970s helped bankroll the burgeoning film company New Line Cinema .
In 2004 , 20th Century Fox , in collaboration with Legend Films , released a colorized version of the film on DVD .
The original release date was April 20 , 2004 ( 4/20/2004 ) , a reference to the marijuana slang term “ 420 . ”
Also during the film , the number “ 4 ” and then “ 20 ” is flashed very quickly ( as a joke on subliminal messages ) , which is an effect added by Legend Films .
The color version features intentionally unrealistic color schemes that add to the film ’s unintentionally campy humor .
The smoke from the “ marijuana ” was made to appear green , blue , orange , and purple , each person ’s colored smoke representing their mood and the different “ levels of ‘ addiction ’ ” .
Buy the DVD at Amazon
8 The Boost Harold Becker , 1988
This is an often overlooked but powerful portrait of how a recreational drug user ( James Woods ) got hooked on coke and ruined his entire life .
He got his wife hooked , lost a high powered job , his home , friends and even his unborn child .
It was a tragic yet realistic story that was brought to life by the fantastic acting of Woods .
It also featured a scene with actress Agnes Moorehead free basing .
It was the first time I ever saw crack smoking on screen .
Buy the DVD at Amazon
7 Trainspotting Danny Boyle , 1996
A group of disaffected Scottish youths turn to heroin to escape the banalities of modern - day existence .
Then , they begin to suffer the consequences and discover that there are no easy solutions to the inherent loneliness and pain of life .
Its release sparked some controversy in some countries , including the UK , Australia and the United States , as to whether it promoted drug use or not .
U.S. Senator Bob Dole accused it of moral depravity and glorifying drug use during the 1996 US Presidential Campaign , although he later admitted that he had not actually seen the film .
The Academy Award nominated script featured a classic scene in which one of the addicts in the midst of a heroin induced high is searching for the “ perfect toilet ” in which to take a crap .
It is descriptive , highly visual and ultimately one of the most disgusting scenes captured on film .
Buy the DVD at Amazon
6 The Man with the Golden Arm Otto Preminger , 1955
Card shark , musician and ex-con Frankie ( Frank Sinatra ) battles to curb his heroin addiction while dealing with the needs of his wheelchair bound wife and his true love , Molly ( Kim Novak ) .
The film was controversial for its time ; the Motion Picture Association of America refused to certify the film because it showed drug addiction .
The film was released without the MPAA ’s seal of approval .
This sparked a change in production codes , allowing movies more freedom to more deeply explore taboo subjects such drug abuse , kidnapping , abortion and prostitution .
Frank Sinatra , who jumped at a chance to star in the film before reading the entire script – spent time at drug rehabilitation clinics observing addicts going cold turkey .
The script was given to Marlon Brando around the same time as Sinatra , who still harbored some anger at Brando since he had beaten out Sinatra for the lead role in On The Waterfront .
Directed by Otto Preminger , it was nominated for three Academy Awards including Sinatra for Best Actor .
Buy the DVD at Amazon
5 Gridlock ’d Vondie Curtis- Hall , 1997
Set in Detroit , 2 heroin addicts ( Tupac Shakur and Tim Roth ) decide to kick their habit after their best friend and band mate , Cookie , overdoses on her first hit .
Throughout a disastrous day , the two addicts dodge police and local criminals while struggling with an apathetic government bureaucracy that bars their entrance into a rehabilitation clinic .
Gridlock ’d marked the directorial debut of actor Vondie Curtis - Hall .
He wrote the screenplay in 1993 and based it on actual life experience as a junkie during the 1970’s .
Much like the characters in the film , Hall and a friend sought treatment for their addiction only to be told that it would take weeks to get admitted into rehab ..
The film paid tribute to star Tupac Shakur who had been murdered several months before the film ’s release .
Buy the DVD at Amazon
4 Drugstore Cowboy Gus Van Sant , 1989
The story follows Bob Hughes ( Matt Dillon ) and his “ family ” of drug addicts as they travel across the US Pacific Northwest in the early 1970 ’s , supporting their habit by robbing pharmacies and hospitals .
A highlight of the film is an appearance by recovering addict William Burroughs as Tom , a defrocked priest who lectures Bob on the dangers of temptation .
After a tragedy strikes the “ family ” , Bob decides to try to go straight but finds that there is more to extricating himself from the drug user ’s lifestyle than just giving up drugs .
It was a breakout performance by Matt Dillion that helped solidify his career and the success of the movie .
Buy the DVD at Amazon
3 Leaving Las Vegas Mike Figgis , 1995
Because his wife left him and took his son with her , screenwriter Ben Anderson ( Nicolas Cage ) has started drinking ….a lot .
When he gets fired , he decides to leave everything behind and move to Las Vegas and drink himself to death .
In Las Vegas he meets Sera , ( Elisabeth Shue ) a prostitute with some problems as well who he moves in with .
Mike Figgis masterminded the film , not only directing but writing the script and composing the score .
In April 1994 , shortly before preproduction of the film began , John O’Brien , author of the semi-autobiographical novel this film is based on , committed suicide .
As a result , the production was stopped temporarily .
Throughout production , Figgis had problems because permits were not issued for some street scenes .
This caused him to film some scenes in one shot to avoid any police contact .
Cage researched his character by binge drinking in Dublin for two weeks and had a friend to videotape him under the influence so he could study his speech patterns .
He later admitted that “ it was one of the most enjoyable pieces of research I ’ve ever had to do for a part . ”
Nicolas Cage received an Academy Award for Best Actor for his work in this film .
Elisabeth Shue was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress and the film also received nominations for Best Screenplay and Best Director .
Buy the DVD at Amazon
2 Days of Wine and Roses Blake Edwards , 1962
This classic film depicts the subtle , insidious nature of alcohol addiction .
It follows the downward spiral of two average Americans who succumb to alcoholism and attempt to deal with their problem .
Joe is a former social drinker who turns alcoholic due to pressures at work .
He meets his future wife Kirsten at a party , and they both slowly become full - blown alcoholics and lose everything .
Joe ’s crazy and frenzied smash up of the contents of his in - laws greenhouse while looking for a bottle of booze he had hidden there highlights the characters descent into madness .
Director Blake Edwards became a non-drinker a year after completing the film and went into substance recovery .
He said that he and Jack Lemmon were heavy drinkers while making the film .
Both Lemmon and actress Lee Remick sought help from Alcoholics Anonymous long after they had completed the film .
The film had a lasting effect in helping alcoholics deal with their problem .
Today Days of Wine and Roses is required viewing in many alcoholic and drug rehabilitation clinics across America .
Buy the DVD at Amazon
1 Requiem for a Dream Darren Aronofsky , 2000
This is probably the grittiest , dirtiest , saddest yet most realistic portrayal of drug users ever put on film .
This movie exposes four paralleled individuals and their menacing addiction to heroin , cocaine , and diet pills ( speed ) .
Taking place in Brooklyn amidst the decaying Coney Island , the drugs are very easily obtained and keep each main character in its cycle of dependence .
Watching the addicts spiral out of control , we bear witness to the ugliest portions of the underworld addicts reside in .
Ellen Burstyn was nominated for an Academy Award for her role as Sara Goldfarb , the mother of one of the addicts .
Buy the DVD at Amazon
This article is licensed under the GFDL because it contains quotations from Wikipedia .
Some synopses are courtesy of IMDB , the Internet Movie Database .
By Jonathan Amos
Science reporter , BBC News , Liverpool
The remains of a tree that grew about 300 million years ago Spectacular fossil forests have been found in the coal mines of Illinois by a US - UK team of researchers .
The group reported one discovery last year , but has since identified a further five examples .
The ancient vegetation - now turned to rock - is visible in the ceilings of mines covering thousands of hectares .
These were among the first forests to evolve on the planet , Dr Howard Falcon - Lang told the British Association Science Festival in Liverpool .
" These are the largest fossil forests found anywhere in the world at any point in geological time , " he told reporters .
" It is quite extraordinary to find a fossil landscape preserved over such a vast area ; and we are talking about an area the size of ( the British city of ) Bristol . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The forests grew just a few million years apart some 300 million years ago ; and are now stacked one on top of another .
It appears the ancient land experienced repeated periods of subsidence and flooding which buried the forests in a vertical sequence .
They have since become visible because of the extensive mining operations in the border area between the states of Illinois , Indiana and Kentucky .
Scientists look up to see what would have been the forest floor
Once the coal seams have been removed ( what were , essentially , the compacted soils of the forests ) , it is possible to go into the tunnels and look up at what would have been lying on the forest floors .
" It 's a really exciting experience to drive down into these mines ; it 's pitch black , " the Bristol University research said .
" It 's kind of an odd view looking at a forest bottom - up .
You can actually see upright tree stumps that are pointed vertically up above your head with the roots coming down ; and adjacent to those tree stumps you see all the litter .
" We found 30 m - long trunks that had fallen with their crowns perfectly preserved . "
Some of the preservation is exquisite
The researchers believe their study of these ancient forests could give hints to how modern rainforests might react in a warmer world .
The six forests straddle a period in Earth history 306 million years ago that saw a rapid shift from an icehouse climate with big polar ice caps to a greenhouse climate in which the ice caps would have melted .
" The fascinating thing we 've discovered is that the rainforests dramatically collapse approximately coincident with the greenhouse warming , " explained Dr Falcon - Lang .
" Long - lived forests dominated by giant club moss trees almost overnight ( in a geological sense ) are replaced by rather weedy fern vegetation . "
The next stage of the research is to try to refine the timings of events all those years ago , and work out the exact environmental conditions that existed .
The thresholds that triggered the ancient collapse can then be compared with modern circumstances .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Free PSP Game Download Sites - What You Need To Know
If you have not heard of the PSP yet , you most probably are not aware of a revolutionary gaming device that enables you to download a number of things - games , photos , music , movies , and the like , directly onto the device itself to take with you wherever you travel .
Indeed , the PSP , which actually stands for PlayStation Portable , allows you to do that —- and more .
For the reasons mentioned above , the PSP has become very popular all over the world .
Following this , there are many websites now that allow you to download PSP games , photos , music , and more cool psp downloads .
Some of these sites claim to offer ‘ free ’ psp game downloads , but you should remain wary of these sites .
Other sites offer downloads on a monthly membership basis , while others still allow you to pay per download .
I ’ve saved the best for last , as a handful of sites are now offering unlimited PSP game downloads for life for a onetime , non-recurring fee ( a pretty modest fee I must say ) .
Like most people , perhaps , initially , you will be drawn to the free sites .
In the event that you do , there are some things that you need to know .
First , know that these sites are not ‘ free ’ at all .
In fact , they are loaded with spyware and adware that can cause irreversible damage to your computer system .
True , you may not be paying anything when you download from these sites , but you will eventually be spending so much more if your computer crashes as a result of these spyware and adware .
Other effects of spyware and adware include the decrease in the speed and functionality of your system .
At the same time , your privacy is also compromised .
Another disadvantage when downloading from these free sites is the very slow downloading speed .
As what usually happens , a single download of a PSP game can take several days to several weeks !
Still , this particular downside is nothing compared to the spyware and adware that can infect your system .
If you want a better option , then you need to shell out some money .
Usually , secure and reliable downloading sites will charge you a certain amount —- whether it will be a one - time fee , a monthly fee , or a per download fee .
The best option you can have is a site that not only enables faster downloads , but one that will also allow you unlimited downloads of games , movies , videos , music , wallpaper , themes , applications , and more , for a onetime , non-recurring fee cost even less than a one PSP game bought from the store .
Another advantage of some downloading sites for PSP games is the emulator ROMs .
These ROMs let you play games from Nintendo , Super Nintendo , Gameboy advanced , Playstation , and other game console .
So , when looking for psp game downloads sites , go for the high quality ones .
Instead of jumping to free sites , always go for the best , even if it means you have to spend a little .
The best , after all , usually come with a price , but oftentimes , you get your money ’s worth in the end .
If you find the right site , you ’ll get more than your money ’s worth .
Find out which sites are the Best PSP Game Download Sites at :
www.GetPSPGamesOnline.com
Vetting ?
Created : September 02 , 2008 13:16 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
ANCHORAGE — I just got off the phone with the very helpful city clerk at the Wasilla City Clerk ’s office , Kristie Smithers , who is pulling some documents for me from when Gov. Sarah Palin was mayor .
I told her I appreciated her help , since I ’m sure she ’s been bombarded with requests these last few weeks .
The clerk ’s office keeps all City Council meeting agendas , minutes , legislation , ordinances , etc .
She chuckled .
Then she told me that I ’m the first person who has asked her office for anything .
This campaign gets stranger and stranger - and more and more frightening .
Brian Williams asked Sarah Palin a fairly straightforward question , based on her repeated use of the phrase " domestic terrorist " to characterize Bill Ayers .
Williams asked : " Is an abortion clinic bomber a terrorist under this definition , Governor ? "
Palin tried several evasive maneuvers before alighting on this answer :
" I would put in that category of Bill Ayers anyone else who would seek to campaign , to destroy our United States capital and our Pentagon and would seek to destroy innocent Americans . "
Forget the tortured syntax for a moment .
What is truly and deeply frightening in this exchange is the lengths to which Palin will go to avoid disparaging abortion bombers .
She is so desperate not to characterize the Eric Rudolphs of this world as terrorists that she forges a severely narrow definition of the act :
You have to target the Capitol or the Pentagon to qualify .
That even lets Mohamed Atta off the hook , since he attacked the World Trade Center .
Like the doctor 's offices and medical clinics struck by abortion terrorists , it 's a civilian target .
We know that Sarah Palin does n't believe that Islamic militants who kill civilians are n't terrorists .
That leaves only one way to interpret these words :
She either supports the bombing of abortion clinics or she wants the political support of those who do .
( And then there 's that reference to " innocent Americans , " which seems to suggest that clinic staff or patients are not innocent . )
Can anybody think of another explanation ?
Either interpretation would seem to reinforce what I call the black - helicopter theory - that this campaign is deliberately stoking extremism .
As for the idea she might have sympathy or at least tolerance toward these attacks - well , let 's hope not .
But she had already said these words as she writhed in the unforgiving claws of what should 've been a straighforward question :
" Now , others who would want to engage in harming innocent Americans or facilities that it would be unacceptable to -- I do n't know if you 're going to use the word terrorist there , but it 's unacceptable , and it would not be condoned , of course , on our watch . "
So the strongest things she 's willing to say about bomb attacks on abortion clinics ( which have caused deaths as well as destruction ) is that they 're " unacceptable " and would n't be " condoned . "
I guess that 's something .
So , here we have a Vice Presidential candidate and potential President who has close ties to a separatist party founded by a man with violent hostility toward the U.S. government .
She accepts blessing from a " witch - fighting " pastor , when " expelling witches " is its own form of terrorism .
( Witch - hunting may sound quaint to American ears , but it 's a living and hideous practice that claims hundreds if not thousands of women and children each year ) .
Let 's face it :
The $ 150,000 in clothing , the highly paid make - up artists , the potentially illegal use of Alaskan state funds to fly her family on junkets ... all that 's trivial next to the extreme views suggested by these comments .
This is not a game of " gotcha " based on a poor choice of words or associations .
This is a pattern - the pattern of a deeply disturbing individual , one who is not only unqualified to be President but who also holds some profoundly un-American opinions .
And John McCain chose her - or , more precisely , must take responsibility for her selection .
It 's his name on the campaign bus .
His acceptance of Palin betrayed stunning indifference to the responsibilities of leadership .
That is all we need to know about him .
It 's no wonder the young woman who claimed to have been attacked and mutilated by a large black Obama supporter turns out to have performed the act on herself ( which the mirrored " B " on her face should have made obvious . )
But before the truth was revealed , we 're told she got a phone call from Sarah Palin .
This is a campaign that will try turning any lie to its advantage .
Self - mugging : The perfect metaphor for John McCain 's campaign .
Sure , there 's a strange fascination in listening to Sarah Palin speak .
Every sentence seems to pass through an surrealistic archway , as if its grammatical rules had been designed by M. C. Escher .
Will it turn into a flock of birds , a school of fish , become its own wall or ceiling or stairway ?
But underneath this tangled skein of language , a picture is beginning to emerge .
It 's a frightening picture and an ugly one .
It 's a picture that the most expensive makeup artist in the world can't hide .
______________
( PERSONAL NOTE : I 'll be appearing at the Kernville Freedom Festival in Kernville , CA tomorrow , along with Marc Sussman , Richard Greene , Scott Ritter - who was right about Iraq - and several others .
I 'll be speaking and will play two short music sets .
It 's a great place to camp out if you 're coming from the Coast .
RJ Eskow blogs when he can at :
A Night Light
The Sentinel Effect : Healthcare Blog
Future - While - U- Wait
_______
About author Richard ( RJ ) Eskow , a consultant and writer , is a Senior Fellow with the Campaign for America 's Future .
This post was produced as part of the
No Middle Class Health Tax
A Night Light
Richard ( RJ ) Eskow , a consultant and writer , is a Senior Fellow with the Campaign for America 's Future .
This post was produced as part of the Curbing Wall Street project .
Richard blogs at :
From HaskellWiki
Used when you really need both semi-mutual recursion and history and to repeatedly apply a natural transformation as you get deeper into the functor .
Zygo implements semi-mutual recursion like a zygomorphism .
Para gives you access to your result à la paramorphism .
import Control .
Morphism .
Zygo import Control .
Morphism .
Prepro import Control .
Morphism .
Histo import Control .
Functor .
Algebra import Control .
Functor .
Extras zygoHistoPrepro :: ( Unfoldable t , Foldable t) => ( Base t b -> b ) -> ( forall c. Base t c -> Base t c ) ->
( Base t ( EnvT b ( Stream ( Base t ) ) a ) -> a ) -> t -> a zygoHistoPrepro f g t = gprepro ( distZygoT f distHisto ) g t -- unless you want a generalized zygomorphism .
Do n't Get Bill O'Reilly Mad , Because He Will Stalk You At Your Home
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Call it the Rocky Mountain road to the White House .
CNN 's new Electoral College map shows Obama leading in several GOP - leaning states .
A new state poll suggests that Sen. Barack Obama has doubled his lead over John McCain in Colorado .
In a CNN / Time / Opinion Research Corp. survey released Wednesday , 53 percent of likely voters questioned say Obama is their choice for president , with 45 percent backing Sen. John McCain .
That 8 - point lead for Obama is double the 4 - point advantage he held in a similar poll two weeks ago .
" Older voters in Colorado have started to break Obama 's way , " CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said .
" Two weeks ago he was losing the over - 50 crowd by a couple of points .
Now he has a 5 - point edge among them . "
Watch how the states break down »
The new numbers in Colorado , along with similar findings from other new polls in the state , are factors in CNN 's move of Colorado from a toss - up state to an Obama on CNN 's new electoral college map .
CNN is also changing Indiana from leaning McCain to toss - up .
A new CNN poll of polls in Indiana suggests McCain holds a 2 - point lead over Obama in a state that has n't voted Democrat in a presidential election since 1964 .
The poll of polls is an average of the latest state surveys .
Watch more on how the candidates are polling across the country »
With the switch of Colorado ( 9 electoral votes ) and Indiana ( 11 electoral votes ) , CNN estimates that if the election were held today Obama would win states with 286 electoral votes and McCain states with 163 , with 89 electoral votes still up for grabs .
Two - hundred and seventy electoral votes are needed to clinch the presidency .
The estimated 286 electoral votes for Obama is a jump from 274 in CNN 's most recent electoral college map .
Washington state is also being moved from leaning Obama to safe for Obama , but that move does n't change the electoral count .
The CNN Electoral College map is an estimate of what could occur if the election were held today .
State polls , voting trends , campaign visits and advertising are among the factors used in deciding the electoral college map .
Colorado is one of three western states that voted for George W. Bush four years ago .
The others are Nevada and New Mexico .
Democrats have been making major gains across the west at the state level the past two election cycles and the party held its nominating convention in Denver , Colorado , this summer , as part of a strategy to win the West in the race for the White House .
CNN senior political analyst Bill Schneider said Obama 's widening lead in Colorado is being " propelled by an amazing 15 - point Democratic lead in Colorado 's fast - growing suburbs .
The nation 's economy has faltered , and so has Republican support , for nearly 30 years the cornerstone of the Reagan coalition . "
The poll also suggests Obama is holding onto a strong lead in Virginia , with 53 percent of those questioned backing Obama and 44 percent supporting McCain .
That 9 - point lead is down from a 10 - point lead Obama held in CNN 's last poll conducted in Virginia last week .
No Democrat has won Virginia in a presidential contest since Lyndon Johnson carried the state in 1964 .
Both McCain and Obama , campaigning in Florida Wednesday , are fighting hard to win the state 's 27 electoral votes .
The poll indicates Obama holds a small 4 - point edge , 51 percent to 47 percent .
Bush carried Florida by 5 points as he won re-election as president in 2004 .
Bush also won Georgia by 17 points over Sen. John Kerry , the Democratic presidential nominee , in that election .
But the poll suggests McCain holds a much smaller lead over Obama this time around .
Fifty - two percent of likely Georgia voters are backing McCain , with 47 percent supporting Obama .
That 5 - point lead for McCain is down from an 8 - point lead McCain held in CNN 's last poll , conducted two weeks ago .
The poll indicates another state Bush carried in 2004 , Missouri , is basically a dead heat .
McCain holds a 2 - point lead in the poll , 50 percent to 48 percent , well within in the survey 's sampling error of 3.5 percentage points .
The poll was also expanded to include the major third party candidates , independent Ralph Nader , Libertarian candidate Bob Barr , and Green Party candidate Cynthia McKinney .
None of them are polling over 4 percent in any of the states CNN polled and none of them seem to be a factor in the outcome of the results in those five states other than Missouri , where Nader 's 4 percent showing could have an impact .
But will he hurt either McCain or Obama ?
" In most of the states we have polled in , the margin between Obama and McCain is the same in the two - way match - up as it is when we include the minor - party candidates , " Holland said .
" That indicates that Barr , Nader and McKinney together may be drawing equally from both the Democratic and Republican candidates . "
The CNN / Time / Opinion Research Corp. poll was conducted Thursday through Tuesday , with 774 likely voters in Colorado , 747 likely voters in Florida , 690 likely voters in Georgia , 825 likely voter in Missouri , and 721 likely voters in Virginia questioned by telephone .
CNN 's Ed Hornick and Keating Holland contributed to this report .
All About John McCain • Barack Obama
William F. Johnston ( Will ) , Congressional Staffer - Salary Data
Full salary information from the past 18 months is available to all users .
Information on the employers and positions for salaries older than 18 months is shown only to LegiStorm Pro subscribers .
Click here to see more LegiStorm Pro benefits and subscribe , or log in to your Pro account .
LegiStorm 's salary data goes back to Oct. 1 , 2000 .
We do not have information prior to this date .
List by : Fiscal Year Calendar Year
* Senate data is reported by Fiscal Year and cannot be displayed by calendar years .
Employing Office Start date End date Position Amount Notes PDF Employing Office ... Start Date
09/01/08 End Date
09/30/08 Position ... Amount ... Notes FY 2009 subtotal : ... Employing Office ... Start Date
09/09/08 End Date
09/30/08 Position ... Amount ... Notes Other Compensation Employing Office ... Start Date
07/01/08 End Date
09/30/08 Position ... Amount ... Notes Employing Office ... Start Date
04/01/08 End Date
06/30/08 Position ... Amount ... Notes Employing Office ... Start Date
01/03/08 End Date
03/31/08 Position ... Amount ... Notes Employing Office ... Start Date
01/01/08 End Date
01/02/08 Position ... Amount ... Notes Employing Office ... Start Date
10/01/07 End Date 12/31/07 Position ... Amount ... Notes FY 2008 subtotal : ... Employing Office ... Start Date
07/01/07 End Date
09/30/07 Position ... Amount ... Notes Employing Office ... Start Date
04/01/07 End Date 06/30/07 Position ...
Amount ... Notes Employing Office ... Start Date
03/26/07 End Date 03/31/07 Position ... Amount ... Notes Employing Office ... Start Date
10/01/06 End Date
03/23/07 Position ... Amount ... Notes FY 2007 subtotal : ... Employing Office ... Start Date
04/01/06 End Date 09/30/06 Position ... Amount ... Notes Employing Office ... Start Date
02/08/06 End Date 03/31/06 Position ... Amount ...
Notes loading more records
Congressional staff salaries shown are the amount paid in the period shown .
They are not annual salaries .
Because bonuses may be included here and other payments may not be ( most notably with aides working for multiple offices or for a political campaign committee ) , please use caution in extrapolating annual salaries from the figures shown here .
We have taken great care to have this website reflect the official record , but we have discovered a handful of errors both in the official record and our own transcription .
If you believe our information is in error , please let us know so we can fix it as soon as possible .
We take accuracy very seriously .
LegiStorm 's salary data goes back to Oct. 1 , 2000 .
We do not have information prior to this date .
* To determine the annualized salary rate for each staffer based on this period of release , hover over the amount paid .
The first number calculates an annualized rate of pay based solely on this particular record .
The second number annualizes the staffer 's salary based on all salary received by this chamber in this salary period .
Treat annualized salaries with caution .
Payments may include one - time bonus amounts that could unduly inflate annual salary calculations .
Some staff are part - time or interns , even though they may or may not be labeled as such , and their records are easy to misinterpret .
Dates and salary payment amounts are from official sources , which can sometimes be wrong .
Salaries paid during short time frames are particularly susceptible to error in extrapolating salaries .
Payments are gross salary amounts and do not reflect take - home income after taxes .
Nationals Senator Ron Boswell says a discussion on second trimester abortions in cases of severe disability is reminiscent of the Nazis ' views on eugenics .
A Senate committee examining the issue has called for better statistics to be gathered on the number of abortions performed in Australia .
Several senators have criticised a submission made to the committee by the parliamentary group on population and development , which includes politicians from all the major parties .
Queensland Nationals Senator Ron Boswell has attacked the submission 's discussion of whether abortion should be available when there are signs of severe disability .
" Its underlying premise is that some lives are worth less than others because they will cost too much to support , " he said .
" This is the kind of thinking that was typical of the Hitler regime .
" They set themselves up as judge of who deserved to live and who deserves to die .
" This revisiting of eugenics principles is repugnant to a society that prides itself on the contribution of all . "
Labor Senator Claire Moore chairs the parliamentary group on population and development and says she disagrees with Senator Boswell 's interpretation of the group 's submission .
" The intent was never to impugn or to make any comment about the cost , and making statements about people in our community , " she said .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Senate Democrats on Tuesday yielded to the wishes of President - elect Barack Obama and allowed Joe Lieberman to keep his committee chairmanship despite having backed Republican John McCain for the White House .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
At a closed - door meeting , Senate Democrats meted out lesser punishment , passing a resolution of disapproval and stripping Lieberman of the chairmanship of an environment subcommittee .
There were fears that Lieberman , a former Democrat turned independent , might become a Republican if he lost the chairmanship of the Homeland Security Committee .
“ This is not a time for retribution , ” said Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , a Nevada Democrat , adding that “ we need to be unified ” as the Democratic - led Congress wrestles with a host of problems , including the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression .
“ This is all about going forward , ” Lieberman , flanked by a number of Senate Democrats , told reporters .
Democratic aides said Obama , shortly after winning the November 4 election for the presidency over McCain , urged Democrats to do what it takes to keep Lieberman , who represents Connecticut , in their Senate conference where he routinely votes with them .
Lieberman allowed Democrats to retain control of the Senate , 51 - 49 , the past two years by caucusing with them .
Democrats enlarged their Senate majority in the November 4 election , but many believe they could still use Lieberman ’s vote on a number of issues .
With newly elected Senate Democrats voting , the Democratic conference agreed on a 42 - 13 tally to allow Lieberman to keep the chairmanship of homeland security as well as a Senate armed services subcommittee , but lose the chairmanship of an environment subcommittee .
Lieberman backed McCain for president largely because McCain , unlike Obama , supported the unpopular Iraq war .
In campaigning for McCain , Lieberman routinely ripped into Obama as misguided on what to do about the war , now in its sixth year .
The resolution approved by the Senate Democrats said their caucus “ disapproves and rejects statements made by Senator Lieberman against Senator Obama during the campaign for the presidency . ”
Said Reid , “ I defy anyone to be more angry than I was ” with Lieberman ’s words , calling it “ a period of time in Joe Lieberman ’s political career I will never understand or approve . ”
But Reid then talked about Lieberman ’s contributions to Senate Democrats and to the country , recounting that as a young man Lieberman traveled to the South to work in the civil rights movement .
In 2000 , Lieberman , a moderate , was Democratic presidential nominee Al Gore ’s vice presidential running mate .
Lieberman won re-election to a fourth term in the Senate as an independent in 2006 after losing the Democratic primary due mostly to his support for the Iraq war .
Lieberman then served in the Senate with both presidential candidates -- McCain representing Arizona and Obama serving Illinois until he resigned on Sunday .
The McCain campaign is attempting to obfuscate very serious inquiries into their fundraising practices .
According to reports , the McCain campaign has received more than the legal amount in donations from 6,653 donors , totaling a stunning $ 7,000,000 in his primary campaign alone .
At least one donor gave McCain an outlandish $ 56,047 , so far in excess of the legal limit of $ 2,300 as to make it no longer even a plausible mistake .
McCain ’s primary battle was hard fought at first , and his campaign suffered from a lack of funds that was often reported .
It seems that to counteract this poor fundraising showing , either the McCain campaign itself began using illegal tactics , or each the 6,653 donors decided separately , and without urging , to skirt the law to give McCain an advantage .
If the number were under 1,000 , I may have been more willing to believe the latter scenario .
Such a large number of donors , however , and such an unbelievable amount of cash collected in this manner leads me to believe that it was a concerted and accepted tactic on behalf of the campaign .
Nineteen donors decided to give McCain over $ 10,000 each , an amount not only out of any bounds of legality , but one that comes quickly to the attention of campaign workers and management .
Donors are the lifeblood of campaigns , without the needed cash a campaign is stagnant , and must rely on the free media to get their message out .
Donors of large amounts are often personally called by management not only to thank them , but to invite them here and there to events .
It ’s a personal relationship building tool that ensures donations in the general election , and also that donor then becomes a valuable asset to the fundraiser for future donations in other campaigns and issue oriented political endeavors .
To have a call list for management without the donation totals tallied next to the name is laughable , and would n’t be acceptable in even a third rate congressional bid .
This comes after the McCain campaign solicited $ 5,000 from a Russian government official , not only illegal on its face , but also an amount far exceeding the campaign contribution limits put forth under McCain - Feingold .
The combined allegations raise serious concerns over the McCain campaign ’s fundraising practices , and further highlights the hypocrisy of their hyperbolic charges against John McCain ’s opponent , Senator Obama .
Please take a moment to submit this story to Reddit , Digg , or other sites to continue this blog ’s growing success .
I truly appreciate your help !
After a turbulent week that included disclosures about Gov. Sarah Palin and signs that Senator John McCain was struggling to strike the right tone for his campaign , Republican leaders said Saturday that they were worried Mr. McCain was heading for defeat unless he brought stability to his presidential candidacy and settled on a clear message to counter Senator Barack Obama .
Again and again , party leaders said in interviews that while they still believed that Mr. McCain could win over voters in the next 30 days , they were concerned that he and his advisers seemed to be adrift in dealing with an extraordinarily challenging political battleground and a crisis on Wall Street .
The expressions of concern came after a particularly difficult week for Mr. McCain .
On Friday night , new questions arose about his choice of Ms. Palin as his running mate after an investigation by the Alaska Legislature concluded that she had abused her power in trying to orchestrate the firing of her former brother - in - law , a state trooper .
“ I think you ’re seeing a turning point , ” said Saul Anuzis , the Republican chairman in Michigan , where Mr. McCain has decided to stop campaigning .
“ You ’re starting to feel real frustration because we are running out of time .
Our message , the campaign ’s message , is n’t connecting . ”
President of WebFX .
Bill has over 25 years of experience in the Internet marketing industry specializing in SEO , UX , information architecture , marketing automation and more .
William 's background in scientific computing and education from Shippensburg and MIT provided the foundation for MarketingCloudFX and other key research and development projects at WebFX .
As web technologies progress , websites and web applications are becoming more responsive , providing us with more ways and techniques to interact with the users .
Form , more than ever , has been superseded by function .
The following websites deal with interface design , user experience , user - centered design , usability , and everything in between – all with the goal of enhancing the user ’s interface .
1. Boxes and Arrows
Boxes and Arrows is a peer - written journal and a premier source for information on interaction design , usability , and information design .
You ’ll find articles on designing a usable online email application to storyboarding rich internet applications .
UX Magazine deals in the topic of user experience .
You can expect to read articles on topics such as designing in layers and design tips for programmers .
UXmatters is a non-profit web magazine devoted to sharing information on effective user experience techniques and becoming a leading resource for User Interface ( UX ) professionals .
Some of the topics in UXmatters include usability , user - centered design , web 2.0 applications , and more .
You can read articles that talk about how rich internet applications help users and the usability of search forms .
4. A List Apart : User Science
A List Apart – the leading resource on standards - based design and development articles – has a User Science topic that covers various parts of designing the user ’s interface .
The User Science topic is further sub - divided into three categories : Accessibility , Information Architecture , and Usability .
Usability Post is a blog about design usability .
A couple of blog posts you ’ll find share tips on using white space to improve User Interface and using Photoshop color profiles for web images .
Usability Counts is a blog by Patrick Neeman and Ha Phan , consultants on User Experience .
You can expect posts that talk about the form design of airline sites and musings on why usability counts .
Usable Web is a collection of links about User Interface design topics as it pertains to the web .
Although it ’s no longer updated and many of the articles are outdated , you ’ll still find timeless resources and articles on the site .
User Interface Engineering is the research , training and consulting firm that holds the annual User Interface Conference .
The Articles section of their website hosts plenty of articles on the topic of User Interface design .
Some topics covered are usability challenges of designing web apps and design mistakes with account sign - in that designers should avoid .
Functioning Form is an interaction design blog by internationally - recognized web professional and author Luke Wroblewski .
Some posts you ’ll find in Functioning Form include " Web Form Design : British Airways " and " Sign - Up Form Patterns " .
useit.com is the website of Jakob Nielsen , a leading expert on usability .
Check out the Alertbox section , a bi-weekly column about current issues on usability .
InfoDesign is a website that covers the topic of information design .
Some categories on InfoDesign include Accessibility , Usability , and User Experience .
Designing Interfaces is an online book constructed using excerpts from O’Reilly ’s
Designing Interfaces : Patterns for Effective Interaction Design .
Usability.gov is the primary government source for usability and user - centered design by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services .
You can read about the basics of usability and usability methods on the site .
Usability First seeks to provide valuable information on usability as it pertains to websites and applications .
Usability First has several sections including Website Design , Usability ROI ( Return of Investment ) , and Accessibility .
15 . Design with Intent
Design with Intent is a blog by Dan Lockton that talks about the topic of understanding user interaction and influencing it .
16 . Pattern Tap
There ’s no better way to learn how to design effective user interfaces than to see how other designers do it .
Pattern Tap is a showcase of popular interface design for inspiration .
You ’ll find collections of Forms , Login , Subnavigation , Buttons , among other design patterns .
Welie.com ’s Interaction Design Pattern Library shares design patterns in interaction design .
You can find design patterns such as Breadcrumbs , Tabs , and Comment Box as part of the library .
UI - patterns is another top - notch User Interface library that collects and showcases reoccurring design patterns such as Captchas , Account Registrations , and Navigation Tabs .
19 . UI Pattern Factory
UI Pattern Factory is both a UI pattern library and a UI gallery .
It showcases and discusses patterns such as Stacked Tabs , Carousels , and Edit - In - Place .
20 . Yahoo !
Design Pattern Library
The Yahoo !
Developer Network has a growing design pattern library called Yahoo !
Design Pattern Library that showcases common design patterns in User Interface design .
Some patterns discussed in the library include Module Tabs , Drag and Drop , and Ratings and Reviews .
Missed your favorite ?
Did n’t find your favorite site on the list ?
Share it with us along with your thoughts on why it ’s a great resource in the comments !
Related Posts
Every time PETA has sent an undercover investigator into a factory farm or slaughterhouse , we ’ve found egregious animal abuse .
Our latest case is no exception .
Raising and killing animals for food is an ugly business even under the best of circumstances , but only a sadist could swallow what PETA ’s investigators saw at a Greene County , Iowa , farm that produces piglets destined for Hormel and other pork companies .
Supervisors and workers were caught beating pigs with metal bars , kicking them repeatedly , shocking them in the face and spraying paint into their nostrils and all over their faces .
They slammed the heads of piglets who were deemed too small to be profitable onto the concrete .
This common industry practice , known as “ thumping , ” is supposed to kill the animals instantly , but many of the piglets at this farm survived the blows and some were still writhing in pain more than 12 minutes later .
Employees took pleasure in the animals ’ pain .
One worker said that the pigs deserved to be hurt and that the more the pigs suffered , the better he liked it .
He encouraged PETA ’s undercover investigator to pretend that a pig had scared away a “ willing ” 17 - or 18 - year - old girl and to punish the pig for it .
Another worker said he “ get [s ] a lot of aggression out ” on the pigs and laughed as he suggested they be shot in the vagina with a captive - bolt gun .
Managers behaved no better .
One supervisor rammed a cane into a pig ’s vagina and boasted about shoving metal gate rods up pigs ’ anuses .
The same supervisor — who instructed PETA ’s investigator to “ beat on the b*** h ” and to “ [ m ] ake her cry ” — repeatedly kicked a downed sow .
She gave birth the next day and was thought to be in labor during the abuse .
Lacerations were found on dozens of sows at the farm ; one pig ’s injuries lasted for nearly two weeks .
Farm Sanctuary , an animal protection group that is caring for pigs who were rescued during flooding in southeastern Iowa , found wounds on the animals consistent with those documented by PETA ’s investigators , indicating that such abuse is systemic in factory farms .
PETA ’s exposés of other hog farms have led to felony cruelty charges and the termination of employees for animal abuse .
But even when factory - farmed animals are n’t gratuitously abused , they still suffer greatly .
Pregnant pigs are confined to metal gestation crates so small that they can’t turn around or even take a single step in any direction .
Their piglets are taken away from them , castrated and mutilated — without the use of painkillers .
In slaughterhouses , pigs are hung upside - down , bled and scalded , often while they ’re still conscious .
People who eat pork are paying to support these routine , industrywide acts of cruelty , but meat - eaters and vegetarians can still agree that the willful abuses witnessed on the Iowa farm are wrong and must stop .
When Dr. Temple Grandin , the world ’s foremost expert on farmed animal welfare , reviewed PETA ’s undercover footage , she said , “ The treatment of sows on this video is atrocious animal cruelty .
These people should be prosecuted .
This is some of the worst abuse of sows I have ever seen . ”
PETA is calling on Hormel to enact and rigorously enforce strict animal welfare guidelines for its facilities and for the facilities it supports .
Among other things , employees who abuse animals must be terminated and prosecuted , and cameras must be installed in animal areas and randomly monitored by a third party .
It should n’t take a PETA investigation to bring cruel behavior to a company ’s attention — or to remind consumers that by buying bacon , sausage , ham and hot dogs , they are supporting suffering .
The best thing any of us can do to end abuses on factory farms is to stop eating animals .
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - A new type of reflective coating can make solar panels far more efficient , soaking up nearly all available sunlight from nearly any angle , U.S. researchers said on Monday .
A row of patented two axes solar tracking system at the Montesquieu solar plant in Martillac , southwestern France , in this October 2 , 2008 file photo .
REUTERS / Regis Duvignau
Current solar panels -- which convert energy from the sun into electricity -- absorb only about two - thirds of available sunlight .
But surfaces treated with a coating developed at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy , New York , can harvest 96.2 percent of sunlight .
“ That is a tremendous savings , ” Rensselaer ’s Shawn - Yu Lin , whose study appears in the journal Optics Letters , said in a telephone interview .
Lin said the technology addresses two main problems in current solar cells .
It captures more colors of solar spectrum and it captures light from all angles .
“ If you look at a solar panel , it looks a bit bluish , ” Lin said .
That is “ telling you not all of the blue color is being absorbed .
It should look totally dark . ”
The other problem is that solar panels work best when sun shines directly on them .
To solve this , large solar arrays mechanically shift position throughout the day -- much like sunbathers on a beach .
Lin and colleagues think they have found a better solution .
Their coating is made up of seven layers of porous material stacked in such a way that each enhances the antireflective properties of the layer below .
Together they act as a buffer zone , trapping light from all angles .
“ Your efficiency increases by 30 percent , ” Lin said .
He thinks the material could be applied to all types of solar cells .
“ It ’s not going to require many added instruments too adopted this technology , ” he said .
FREDERICKSBURG , Virginia ( CNN ) -- Lula Easterling and her friend Bill Hardenburgh have voted Democrat all their lives .
But browsing through a pile of Sarah Palin t- shirts , baseball caps and other merchandise as they wait to gain access to the Republican vice - presidential candidate 's campaign rally in Fredericksburg , the pair admit next week they will be casting their votes elsewhere .
Palin supporters braved chilly conditions and heavy rains to greet the Republican vice - presidential candidate .
more photos »
" We 're here to show our support for John McCain and Sarah Palin , " Easterling tells me .
" We like their strategy on the economy and everything they say .
He 's an honest man , he does n't lie and she 's the same . "
Most of all though , Easterling does n't like Barack Obama .
" I 'm scared to death of him , " she admits .
" I 'm scared of what he stands for , the whole nine yards .
He hangs with the terrorists and he lies .
He never tells the truth and he 's a flip - flopper .
He 's not to be trusted . "
Hardenburgh meanwhile has picked out a badge featuring a mocked - up image of a stars - and - stripes bikini - clad Palin wielding a rifle with the slogan " Caribou Barbie Shoot First ! "
" That 's what I like about her , right there , " he says , pinning it to his Harley Davidson jacket .
A small town halfway between Washington DC and Richmond that was the focus of a series of bloody battles during the American Civil War , Fredericksburg and its citizens wear their history , an unselfconscious patriotism and an almost pathological suspicion of " big government " proudly .
Follow the campaign trail in Virginia »
And while Obama and his supporters may have ambitions of carrying Virginia for the Democrats for the first time in more than four decades , on the evidence of the 6,000 or so people who waited for hours and braved a freezing rainstorm to hear Palin speak -- one of three campaign stops by the Alaskan governor across the state Monday -- Republicans have no intention of surrendering without a fight .
" Keep Virginia Red , " reads one of dozens of banners capturing the mood of the audience .
Watch Palin supporters rally in Virginia
" I love Sarah Palin .
She 's just like I am .
She 's a straight talker .
You may not agree with what she has to say but she 's going to tell you the truth , " says government employee Jeanette Montoya .
" I hope she gets in there and takes out the trash . "
See photos of McCain - Palin supporters »
Taking a prompt from one of Palin 's unofficial campaign slogans -- " Drill Baby Drill ! " -- Montoya cites rising fuel costs and American dependency on foreign oil supplies as her principal concerns : " I want them to start drilling in Alaska .
I want them drilling in South Dakota , North Dakota and everywhere there 's oil . "
Merle Fallon , a 62 - year - old attorney and Vietnam veteran -- one of many ex-servicemen in the crowd -- professes admiration for McCain and Palin and believes the election race is far from decided .
" I think a lot of people will have to walk into the polling booth to make a decision and hopefully they 'll make the right one .
It would be terrible if the Democrats were to control the House , the Senate and the Presidency . "
Speaking under ominous skies that quickly spill open into a downpour that leaves her soaked but her folksy enthusiasm undimmed -- " By the way , I love this weather because it reminds me of home . " --
Palin's message is blunt , unequivocal and ideally pitched to an audience that requires less convincing on policy issues than reassurance that they are still in the game and in with a shouting chance .
" You can do the math or you can go with your gut but you can make your own decision .
Barack Obama will take your money and give it to someone else according to his priorities ...
We 're all Joe the Plumber now , " she says of Obama 's tax plans -- prompting dozens of " I'm Joe the Plumber " signs to be brandished enthusiastically .
" You betcha ! " she adds with a practised flourish .
" If you 're ready to shake up Washington , clean up Wall Street , and if you 're ready to get our economy back on track and you want to win the war in Iraq then Virginia we 're after your votes ...
We are the people who will work for you .
So , Virginia , will you hire us ? "
Maintaining a low key presence among the hockey moms , Obama supporter Eileen Limas , a 43 - year - old martial arts instructor from nearby Stafford , is worried .
She says she has come down to witness the " Palin phenomenon " at close hand .
" She 's not my role model .
I do n't identify with her .
And it scares me because I feel she 's not going away -- win or lose , " says Limas .
" She will go back , she will educate herself on things and re-tool herself and she is going to be around a while .
I think she is going to be a substantial political player for the Republicans for a long time to come . "
NEWMAN , Calif . —
A book that some call profane and anti-Catholic is causing a stir at Orestimba High School in this central valley town southwest of Turlock .
Teachers argue the work , “ Bless Me , Ultima , ” is a powerful story that connects with teenagers .
Newman - Crows Landing Unified School District Superintendent Rick
Fauss decided the book is not suitable for teenagers and banned it for the rest of the school year .
Written by Rudolfo Anaya , “ Bless Me , Ultima ” is about a boy maturing , asking questions concerning evil , justice and the nature of God , and trying to reconcile Native American religion with traditional Roman Catholicism .
“ Bless Me , Ultima ” is this year ’s novel for the U.S. Academic Decathlon competition , is one of several selections for the National Endowment for the Arts ’ “ The Big Read , ” a national book club , and is on first lady Laura Bush ’s “ top 10 ” reading list for all ages .
English teachers accuse Fauss of circumventing the district ’s policies on book challenges and ignoring the findings of a committee of teachers and a committee of administrators from the Stanislaus County Office of Education and Modesto City Schools .
Both groups recommended keeping the book , with limitations such as not allowing it as a summer reading book or sending warnings home to parents .
Fauss ’ actions set up a “ scary ” precedent , teachers say .
“ It ’s a long , steep , slippery slope .
It makes eliminating literature that people object to a lot easier , ” said Andre Powell , an Orestimba High School English teacher .
In the past , if parents did not want their child reading a book , teachers substituted another book with the same theme , as has been done for such plays and books as “ The Crucible ” and “ The Scarlet Letter , ” teachers said .
Banning “ Bless Me , Ultima ” takes away a dynamic book from hundreds of students because of the complaint of one student ’s parent , teachers said .
Fauss said the book was not appropriate for any teenager .
“ I think there ’s room for exposing students to other experiences , but do we have to sacrifice the values of our families and our community to do that ? ” asked Fauss , a former high school English teacher .
He has n’t read the entire book but said he ’s “ read enough . ”
Despite widespread community knowledge of his decision , Fauss said he has n’t received any complaints except from four teachers .
Fauss said that proves he made the right decision , one that “ reflects the values of the community . ”
About 200 students were scheduled to read the book this year .
Most classes had studied it by the time Fauss ’ ruling came down in mid- October , said Catherine Quittmeyer , chairman of Orestimba ’s English department .
Administrators and teachers are n’t sure when or if the book was approved by trustees , but it has been adopted by the California Department of Education .
“ Bless Me , Ultima ” is an especially important book to teach for the district ’s Latino students , Quittmeyer said .
“ This is Hispanic literature .
Sixty - five percent of our enrollment consists of the Hispanic population .
They can identify with this book culturally , ” Quittmeyer said .
“ The book talks about things these kids are growing up hearing .
And for the non-Hispanic kids , this is something different . ”
“ Bless Me , Ultima ” is one of the most challenged books in the country , according to the American Library Association .
Complaints include profane language , depictions of sexuality and pagan content .
Students and parents in other cities , including Norwood , Colo. , and Fayetteville , Ark. , have protested the book .
Even though “ Bless Me , Ultima ” ca n’t be used in classes the rest of the year , it ’s available in Orestimba ’s library , Fauss said .
Orestimba High enrolls about 750 students from Newman and Crows Landing .
Some students said they related to the book , regardless of ethnicity , and disagreed with the ban .
“ You have to read it in context , ” said Brittney Clark , an Orestimba senior who read the book two years ago .
“ ( The main character ) , he ’s trying to find his place in his family , who he ’ll be , what he ’ll do the rest of his life , independent of his parents . ”
Even students who read it because it ’s required for school said the novel is offensive only if excerpts are taken out of context .
“ I did n’t see anything bad about the book , ” said Ashley Dove , an Orestimba sophomore who read the book in class this year .
“ It was boring to me , but I did n’t see anything wrong with it . ”
Teachers are planning a response to Fauss ’ decision .
Fauss hopes to have all supplementary books approved by trustees , a common practice in school districts , within the next five years .
Arctic weather swept across the country yesterday , with snow , sleet and freezing rain causing treacherous conditions on the roads .
Gale - force winds capsized a racing yacht off Plymouth .
The four - man crew , including a 15 - year - old boy , were tossed into the water by a 50 mph gust which flipped the boat over .
Meteorologists said winds reached gale force 10 .
Northern Ireland , west Wales and west Cornwall were warned to expect severe gales .
Snowfalls of 14cm were recorded in Aberdeen and temperatures fell as low as - 6C overnight in Oxfordshire .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Police advised motorists in East Anglia , Yorkshire and Lincolnshire not to travel unless necessary after being called to 68 crashes .
Black ice prompted road closures in central Scotland , Grampian and Greater Manchester .
The freezing conditions are forecast to give way to a week of chilly sunshine and blustery showers .
Rain moving east will sweep away much of the snow and sleet , with temperatures of up to 9C .
The cold snap has prompted the bookmaker William Hill to slash odds of a white Christmas in London from 8/1 to 6/1 .
In Glasgow , the price is 7/2 .
What do you get when you add 17,000 colored push pins to a bulletin board ?
If you 're a gamer : A work of art ?
Now the question is , can you name the game ?
Advertisement
Super Mario Bros. of course .
Fraser Valley students stick it to Mario 3
Richard Foulser
before TVs were in every waiting room and bedroom and bar , before the perpetual buzz of blue background noise changed the way we think and speak , before the easy escapism ofand Wolf Blitzer andbefore our leaders began to speak to us like third - rate voice - over actors -- what if some influential genius had recognized the threat and stood up and yelled
The next dominant communications medium in America is undeniably even more potent than TV .
It presents our brains with beguiling tasks .
It commandeers our circuitry .
And we can actually issue commands back .
That 's the promise and the terror of this new form .
We can interact with its entertainments .
We can summon new layers of noise and color .
The American video game is enabling us to live out deeper escapist fantasies than TV ever has .
Right now we 're mainly using this new medium to imagine that we are space aliens and NFL quarterbacks and mercenaries with hearts of steel .
But it does n't have to be this way .
A naked kid and a freakishly tall man walk in a meadow .
The meadow is their front yard .
It pokes up from among the sheared lawns of upstate New York 's Route 11B like a Mohawk , purposeful and defiant .
The kid 's hair is long and blond and , on first glance , feminine .
He wears orange rain boots , his uncircumcised penis free in the breeze .
The tall man wears military - style cargo pants and a red T - shirt that says MONTREAL INTERNATIONAL GAME SUMMIT .
He 's barefoot .
His dirty - blond hair is spiky from not showering .
A cop pulls into his driveway .
The man chats with the cop .
The cop says he just got a call about a " tall guy and a naked girl down by the gas station " and dropped by to investigate .
The tall man is amused .
The cop -- burly , bearded , the sitcom essence of small - town cop -- does n't need to ask the tall man what he does for a living .
He already knows .
Everyone in this town knows .
The tall man is famous here in Potsdam , New York , an aging hamlet near the Canadian border , because of his meadow .
The meadow inspired a court case and made the front pages of the local newspapers .
The tall man fought a village ordinance that required him to cut his meadow to a height of ten inches .
He represented himself in court , and it came out after the trial that this man earned a living by making video games .
Which did n't make much sense to the town 's inhabitants , like this cop here , who 's got to be having a hard time reconciling the tall man 's career in computers with the apparently Luddite lifestyle on display : the meadow , the tiny ranch home it obscures , the naked hippie kid , the wife standing on the porch with the red hair and freckles and fiery green eyes , and the baby in a cloth sling .
Later today , the tall man will hold the baby off the front porch , above the cedar bushes , and whisper " Pssssss , pssssss " in his ear , and the baby will pee into the bush , on command , just like that .
Pavlovian .
The cop seems to be buying what the tall man is saying .
He gets back in his squad car , pulls back onto 11B , and drives away , satisfied that the tall man is weird , yes , but harmless .
In 2007 , the tall man , whose name is Jason Rohrer , uploaded a free game to his Website .
It used a mere two megabytes of disk space and a thin horizontal stripe of color on the screen .
So simple .
In Passage , you 're this little pixelated guy .
You live in the stripe of color .
The stripe is twelve pixels tall .
It 's green .
All else is blackness .
Your job is to move up and down and left and right through the stripe -- the " forest " -- in search of treasure chests , sort of like in the Legend of Zelda .
As you walk , the stripe shimmers and flickers , the fuzzy pixels in front of you scroll into sharpness , and the pixels you 've already traveled blur in your wake .
The stripe is your whole world .
But soon you have to make a choice : share the world or keep it to yourself .
You meet a girl .
Your fat - pixeled soul mate .
Link up with her and a heart explodes .
You 're in love .
Now she sticks to you as you move through the forest , less easily than before .
It 's a trade - off :
You can get more treasure by staying single , but bond with your " wife " and you earn double the points for every step you take .
If you 're like most people , you 'll choose the comforts of companionship .
Only , as you trudge across the stripe , something happens .
Your pixels begin to fade , gray out .
Your hair recedes by degrees .
Your wife slurs into a matronly shape .
It hits you :
This is going to happen to me .
Age , decrepitude , ugliness .
Also :
At least I wo n't be alone .
Somebody loves me .
Ha - ha-ha .
Then -- thwack -- she dies .
Jesus .
Were n't expecting that .
There 's a tombstone with a little cross .
Then -- thwack -- you die , too .
The first person to cry playing Passage was Rohrer himself , as he was programming it .
All that summer , he watched one of his neighbors die of cancer .
She was a nice old woman with a beautiful garden .
" Her whole life , she had said if she ever got cancer , she would n't want to go through chemotherapy , " Rohrer says .
" But once it happened to her , she changed her mind .... We watched her go through chemotherapy , and she essentially just rotted away .
And she died in six months anyway . "
It was n't only sad .
It was irrational .
So Rohrer , a few months shy of his thirtieth birthday , made a game about the inevitability of death .
" Yes , you could spend your five minutes trying to accumulate as many points as possible , " he wrote in a twelve - hundred - word creator 's statement , " but in the end , death is still coming for you . "
Some players did n't know what to make of Passage .
The video - game blog Kotaku wrote , " It 's a weird little game , but sweet , and worth spending a couple of minutes with .
But weird . "
For others , though , it was a revelation .
Games do n't have to be bloated and huge and violent .
They can be small and quiet and deep .
Writers struggled for metaphors ; to the tech blog Boing Boing , Passage was " a pregnant , forlorn sentence " of a game , while a reviewer from Wired opted for " a superb and tightly crafted sonnet , " gushing , " More than any game I 've ever played , it illustrates how a game can be a fantastically expressive , artistic vehicle for exploring the human condition . "
Passage was sad , it was sincere , it was personal , it was mysterious , it was existential , and for all these reasons , it was new .
The big boys of gaming , a universe away from Potsdam , e-mailed it to one another .
Clint Hocking , a designer at Ubisoft best known for Tom Clancy 's Splinter Cell , was so blown away by Passage that he made it a focus of his Game Developers Conference talk earlier this year .
In front of an audience full of the industry 's most influential game designers , Hocking growled , " Why ca n't we make a game that fucking means something ?
A game that matters ?
You know ?
We wonder all the time if games are art , if computers can make you cry , and all that .
Stop wondering .
The answer is yes to both .
Here 's a game that made me cry .
It did .
It really did . "
He put up a slide of Passage .
Then he put up a slide of another small indie game , the Marriage , coded by Rohrer 's friend Rod Humble .
The Marriage uses brightly - colored circles and squares to model ... a marriage .
Humble claims to have made it after going through " a really heavy Kandinsky period . "
" I think it sucks ass that two guys tinkering away in their spare time have done as much or more to advance the industry this year than the other hundred thousand of us working fifty - hour weeks , " said Hocking .
Here was a cute video game that made jaded men weep by commanding a sophisticated and rare power that lay -- where ?
Where in those two megabytes , those twelve pixels ?
Richard Foulser
" I am prepared to believe that video games can be elegant , subtle , sophisticated , challenging , and visually wonderful , " Roger Ebert , the world 's most famous film critic , wrote in 2005 .
" But I believe the nature of the medium prevents it from moving beyond craftsmanship to the stature of art .
To my knowledge , no one in or out of the field has ever been able to cite a game worthy of comparison with the great dramatists , poets , filmmakers , novelists , and composers ... video games represent a loss of those precious hours we have available to make ourselves more cultured , civilized , and empathetic . "
This is what the video - game industry lacks .
Not money ; it rakes in $ 40 billion globally per year , even more than Hollywood .
Not influence ; it 's got a lock on the hearts and minds of America 's eighteen - to thirty - four - year - old males .
What it lacks is legitimacy .
The video game in 2008 is a ghettoized creative form , more ghettoized even than comic books ; at least comics have their hipster auteurs , their graphic novelists , their Chris Wares and Daniel Cloweses and Brian K. Vaughans .
But there are no video - game auteurs whose names ring out in the wider culture .
According to Jason Rohrer , the reason for this is simple : " Ebert 's right . "
Games suck .
Game companies have spent so many years trying to make skulls explode complexly and water ripple prettily that they have n't invested any time in learning how to make games that are as emotionally dense as the best novels and films .
Most games are a waste of time .
Soulless .
Empty .
Rohrer is far from the only game - maker who believes this .
In fact , a growing number of game - makers in positions of power at large companies -- Electronic Arts , Ubisoft , etc. -- are n't interested in continuing to defend the industry against its critics .
Because , one , it 's hard to see how the critics are wrong , hard to see how Halo 3 and Grand Theft Auto IV are n't what they seem to be .
Murder simulators .
Really fun murder simulators .
And , two , if you 're a middle - aged game - maker and you 're going to see Children of Men on the weekend with your wife and kids and getting your mind blown , you hit a point where you want to do something better , more important , than making blood flow realistically .
In truth , ambitious game - makers want it to be true that games are polluting the minds of our youth , because that means games really are touching our brains in sophisticated ways , and therefore games have room to grow .
Like Passage , they can be art .
And if this new breed of emotional game can also rake in the cash , well , all the better .
Under way right now is a high - stakes race to create the Citizen Kane of video games : an " AAA " title ( the industry 's equivalent of a big - budget summer movie ) that also pushes the needle forward artistically .
The best current contender is a project code - named LMNO , part of Stephen Spielberg 's development deal with Electronic Arts , which has been described as North by Northwest meets E.T .
Your character in the game will be a spy who encounters a mysterious , sexy woman .
How much help she offers will be dependent upon how well you cultivate her as your partner and guide .
Essentially , LMNO aims to be the first major video game whose action will not pivot on jumping puzzles or twitch - reflex fusillades but on a nuanced relationship .
As it turns out , the expert that Spielberg 's partners hired to serve as an " idea guy " -- a guy who " sort of instinctively thinks this way , " according to the project 's creative director at Electronic Arts , Doug Church -- is Jason Rohrer .
And Rohrer 's happy to do it , of course .
To consult for EA and Spielberg .
Who would n't be ?
But while he thinks the game is " very , very cool , " ultimately it 's just a gig .
Because it 's not Rohrer 's goal to make big games .
Because making a big - budget emotional game now is a lot like trying to run before you can walk .
Premature .
Because the video - game industry lacks something even more crucial than respect : a basic grammar of emotion .
Film has it , novels have it , songs have it : heroes to idolize and imitate , codified bodies of knowledge you can soak up over a lifetime or try to have dumped into you at an M.F.A. program or film school .
But a game - maker is in a different position altogether .
Nowhere to look .
No place to start .
" We just have no idea , " says Chris Hecker , who spent the last five years working alongside gaming god Will Wright on the hugely ambitious , sprawling Spore .
" The question I have is , Are games in fifty years going to be recognizable ?
Is there a game we 'll look back at in fifty years and say , yeah , that was the model ? "
Here is Jason Rohrer 's audacious bet : no .
The models do n't exist .
So he 's setting out to build them .
" I do n't know if you can smell me yet , but by the end of the day , you will probably be able to . "
Rohrer does n't use deodorant .
He washes his hair only twice a month .
He does n't put on a new pair of clothes in the morning , because he gave most of his clothes away years ago .
He owns four pairs of boxer shorts .
If he owned any more , he or his wife would have to spend more time washing them , which would make them both more reliant on electricity to run the washer .
He keeps his fridge unplugged for the same reason .
No fridge , no meat ; no meat , no spoilage in an electrical storm .
Open the fridge and all you see are vegan grains .
" There , that 's quinoa .
You had quinoa before ?
It 's really good . "
He bakes a loaf of bread every other morning and feeds it to his family at lunch , along with lentil soup .
Every day , same lunch .
For weeks at a time .
The alternative is to starve .
Despite his consulting fee from EA , the family budget is $ 14,500 a year , the income pieced together from PayPal donations from his Website , freelance writing consulting , occasional speaking fees , and monthly checks from his " patron , " a wealthy software - industry figure who has taken a liking to his games .
To some extent , Rohrer fits the profile of a game - maker : a computer dork who is more seduced by comic books and movies than by dreams of becoming a legendary hacker or a dot - com millionaire .
And Rohrer , who studied artificial intelligence at Cornell , is a dork through and through .
But even within the small yet growing dork vanguard of indie game - makers -- a vanguard that includes Rohrer and Rod Humble and a guy called " Cactus " and Ian Bogost , an associate professor of digital media at Georgia Tech , and Jonathan Blow , who pumped $ 180,000 of his life savings into Braid , a game about the nature of time and existence and quantum mechanics -- Rohrer is " pretty fringe , " according to Bogost .
The other indie guys do n't live in meadows .
But there 's a deep logic to the way he lives .
If he did n't live this way , he could n't make the games he makes .
By carefully constructing an alternate reality , bit by bit , Rohrer has been able to make the same creative leap that many artists have made in the past .
His games start with an emotion , an observation about the poignancy of a certain set of trade - offs inherent to being alive ; Rohrer then figures out how to abstract and encode these trade - offs using math and images .
This is why Rohrer 's games , while sharing a common aesthetic -- often pixelated , retro cute , allusive to video - game hits of the past -- feel so different from one another .
At dinner one night , he asks his wife if she thinks it would be fun to be immortal -- she says she thinks it would get boring -- so he makes a game , Immortality , in which you 're this little stick figure who has to build a tower to the heavens ; the game grants you the powers of immortality , then makes you yearn to have those powers taken away .
He 's surfing online and comes across that YouTube video of the " Do n't tase me , bro " guy , and he 's so freaked out by the tyranny of the police that he cries , and when he 's done crying , he codes a game called Police Brutality that puts you in the room with the " Do n't tase me " dude and challenges you to organize an unarmed insurrection .
He makes a Super Mario Brothers -- type game called Gravitation about his relationship with the kid in the meadow , his five - year - old son , Mez .
And it 's hard to see the art in these games unless you play them and struggle with them and try to figure out what the games mean .
It does n't help to watch over his shoulder as he codes a game on his beat - down Dell laptop , in his humid home office with the peeling linoleum floor and the window overlooking the arcadian wilderness of his backyard meadow .
Watch him code his latest sketch , a game about regret , and what do you see ?
Tuesday , there 's an idea on a scrap of paper : " Mistakes you make , early on , haunt you through some game mechanic later . "
Thursday , there 's a map of a maze .
Later that day , the maze is populated with bunnies and squirrels ; in the game , you have to feed the animals from a pouch full of different foods , and if you feed them the wrong food , they die , and you " regret it . "
Rohrer adds some additional texture ; the dead animals come back as " ghosts , " and you can either feed them or avoid them .
If you feed them , they just come back later .
Lesson : Regret is pointless .
Move on .
Friday , there 's a nearly completed video game .
It does n't give an inch .
It does n't tell you how to play it , how to get a high score , how to win .
You have to figure that out for yourself .
The game , in its own small way , is trying to reverse decades of infantilism in video games and culture , in which you get coins for doing stupid shit .
It 's not going to coddle : awesome job !
And when you do figure it out , it 's a tiny epiphany , and maybe you understand something about regret that you did n't understand before .
You 're seeing its inner workings laid out before you , yet you still can't figure out how he 's doing it .
Ian Bogost calls this " procedural rhetoric " :
It 's the art ghost in the machine .
Asking where it comes from is like asking Hemingway , Papa , why 'd you put the comma there and not there ?
Papa would turn around and punch you in the nose .
The game is art not because it 's beautiful like a poem , but because it's as difficult to explain as a poem -- some ungraspable mélange of pixels , sounds , characters , and your own brain 's response .
And if you do n't get it ?
Well , you 're lost .
So maybe you log on to Kotaku or IndieGames.com and chide Rohrer for " this little slice of emo pie . "
Or maybe you really unload : " Jason Rohrer is a pretentious jerk .
Now , to be an indie art - film maker , you have to be pretty pretentious .
To be an indie art - game maker is another thing entirely .
You have to have your head shoved so far up your own ass that you can eat your heart .
Wow Jason Rohr .
I hate you . "
Rohrer is trying to make art in a medium that most people do n't even think is capable of art .
He can create this space of pure freedom , as artists have done in the past -- isolation , introspection , ascetic poverty .
But ultimately he has to send these works out into the world , and people have to respond to them .
And right now the audience does n't know what to do with them .
This is why video games need a figure like Rohrer so badly : an auteur .
A person of great energy , courage , ego , and , yeah , pretentiousness -- pretentiousness with a purpose -- to just show up every day and sit in his broken office chair , the one held together with the rubber band and the clothespin , and read the nasty comments about him online , and laugh so hard that he almost scissors his chair into plastic confetti , and then open the coding window on his shitty laptop and conjure that image of a disapproving , cranky cultural critic , " cracking the whip in the back of my mind , " before launching into work on his next game , a game that 's itching for a fight -- difficult , heady , a game inspired by the philosopher W. V. Quine -- a game about " consciousness and isolation and some other things I can point at desperately but cannot quite name . "
On the first day of work on Regret , while Rohrer and his family are inside eating lentil soup , somebody comes tooling along Route 11B with a riding mower and cuts down a ten - foot strip of their front yard 's natural meadow .
Rohrer calls the cops .
" I 'd like to report a serious act of vandalism , " he says .
A lawn has a wound response .
Most people do n't know that .
Cut a lawn and it emits harmful hydrocarbons , like a car .
" Here we go , " Rohrer says , flipping through his files .
" ' Air Pollution and the Smell of Cut Grass . '
I have a scientific study . "
In fact , he has a whole stack left over from his 2005 court case .
That year , the Village of Potsdam arraigned Rohrer for an ordinance about lawn height .
Rohrer pleaded not guilty .
He recruited an expert witness to testify to the salutary environmental effects of natural meadows , and he wrote a nine - page brief enumerating how the village was violating his right to free expression .
The prosecution asked him if he could n't just grow the meadow in his backyard and not in the front .
Rohrer said , no , that would defeat the whole point .
He argued that " our ability to speak with our landscape would be drastically reduced if our desired landscape was restricted to our backyard , since very few people could see it . "
And he won .
The village was forced to leave his meadow alone .
They could n't have known what it meant to him , because they did n't know his history .
How he'd never liked the smell of cut grass .
That riding mower .
Just murdering and murdering the lawn of his Bath , Ohio , home every week , on his dad 's wishes .
Begged his dad for a meadow .
Dad said no .
Then Rohrer met his wife , Lauren Serafin , in Ithaca .
She was just like him , the daughter of wealthy business owners , harboring similar dreams of escape .
A heart exploded .
They searched a Web site listing the food co-ops across America .
They crossed out the co-ops in towns with expensive real estate and landed here , Potsdam , a place where they could focus on the experiences of their lives instead of their materiality , and where Rohrer could finally have his meadow , assuming he could make the people of Potsdam trust that this meadow was a legitimate and good and dutiful and logical thing and not some lazy indulgence , not a deadbeat 's excuse not to mow , not an eyesore , at least not to him , because he cared about it , cared enough to carve it out and defend it , fight for it , believe in its potential , this odd form of expression he had chosen to love -- the weed smells and the insect noise , the butterflies , the berries getting ripe and fat and falling and staining the ground purple , the smell of the compost pile spoiling , the apples and peppers and banana peels dissolving to mulch .
Christ , ca n't you see this ?
This lush green atmosphere dying so gorgeously all around him ?
And Rohrer with a laptop , sitting cross-legged in the dirt , inventing a new way of showing the world what it means to be alive ?
RELATED STORIES :
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
竹内郁雄＠東京大学情報理工学系研究科創造情報学専攻です．少し前にBinary Dayを記念する祝賀コメントを書くよう，お誘いを受けました．これはやはりかの有名なSlashdotですので，〆切を守れない人達の巣窟だと勝手に思っています．なのでというわけではないのですが，仕事や遊ぶのに忙しくて，結局〆切直前の投稿となりました．でも，〆切直前なので，編集の方の胃に穴が開くことがあっても読者の皆様にはご迷惑がかからないものと信じております．
前置きが長くなってしまいました．とりあえずBinary Dayおめでとうございます．といっても実は私，今回初めてそのような日があることを知りました．でも，Binaryとは二進法なので，やはり0も含まれるべきだと思います．つまり，10月10日が本当に祝うべきBinary Dayではなからふか．ちなみに一進法は0の一文字ではなく，1を並べるのが基本です．チューリングマシンでは十進の0を1，1を11，2を111，3を1111，…，というふうに表現するのが自然です．つまり，今日は言ってみれば，一進法での単なる3，Binary Dayの旧盆みたいなもので，新盆は十進法に直しても10となる見事に調和の取れた10月10日なのです．せめて日本の正しいハッカーだけでも，これからは10月10日を二進法記念日として祝うことにしませふ．11月11日は本来11人対11人で行なうサッカーの日とすべきなのです．もっとも10月10日も体育の日であったのぅ．
二進法では，1と0の調和が大きな意味をもちます．すべてのバグはそこから生まれます．陰と陽と言ってもいいでしょう．きわめて稀ではありますが，正しいプログラムも1と0の調和から生まれます．このことを説いたのが老子であります．私は以前TAO
( 道 ) とい うLispの変種 ( Prolog もSmalltalkも内包する )
を設計・実装したこともあって，ちっとだけTaoismの勉強をしました．(なお，道教というのは，老子の死後，勝手に宗教化されたものなので，いわゆる『老子』とは異なるものです．)
〆切中毒の快感にひたりながら，ここまで書いてきたら，先を書くのが面倒になりました．私が電通大にいたころにプログラミングとTaoismについて書いた文章があります
( 情報処理学 会 夏のプログラミングシンポジウム，1998年夏，所属・肩書はすべて当時のまま)．あとはこちらをお読みください．これを読むと，欧米のソフトウェア技術者・研究者がいかにTaoismに傾倒，あるいはTaoismを楽しんでパロディしているかがよくわかります．
こんな堅苦しい文章なんか読む気がしないという人のために，1と0の対比を明快に表す写真をプレゼントしましょう．どちらを1とし，どちらを0とするかは，読者次第であり，性格占いでもあります．それとは関係ないのですが，ま，この祝賀コメントはあきらかに写真Bのほうでしょう．
写 真A
写真B
“ This is a classic Titanic situation in the sense that what we saw with the Fannie and Freddie bailouts and the Bear Stearns bailouts and now the AIG request for more than forty billion more dollars from the federal government – it ’s just like the Titanic where the rich and affluent were given the lifeboats and the rest of the people went under from steerage .
The rich and powerful are too big to fail ; the rest of us are too small to save . ”
- Gerald Celente , Editor and Publisher , The Trends Journal
“ They ( Republican Party ) had begun to consider the Government of the United States as a mere appendage to their own affairs .
We know now that Government by organized money is just as dangerous as Government by organized mob . ”
- Franklin Delano Roosevelt , 1936 , quoted in The FDR Years © 1995 by William Leuchtenburg
September 17 , 2008 - Dow closed 450 down today in continuing “ Economic 9/11 , ” after Feds loan AIG $ 85 billion and oil and metals spiked upward .
“ Right now , citizens do n't trust banks and bankers do n't trust other bankers .
The financial system is freezing up , ” said a CNBC Business Network analyst .
Investors also considered a report on new home construction that showed that housing starts dipped to a 17 - year low .
Further , the FDIC website lists 11 bank failures in 2008 since April , the latest being Silver State Bank in Henderson , Nevada , on September 5 , 2008 .
The Pasadena , California , IndyMac Bank FDIC takeover on July 11 , 2008 , was the second largest bank failure in American history .
Vorng Morn , the headman of Cheach village , fifty miles from the capital Phnom Penh , told the Phnom Penh Post : " We tried to persuade them to think clearly before they did this because they had been married for nearly 40 years .
But they did not listen . "
Several studies have shown that marijuana dependence is real and causes harm .
We know that more than 30 percent of past - year marijuana users age 18 and older are classified as dependent on the drug , and that the lifetime prevalence of marijuana dependence in the US population is higher than that for any other illicit drug .
Those dependent on marijuana often show signs of withdrawal and compulsive behavior .
People have been saying all sorts of things about the " dangers " of marijuana for a very long time .
But the reality of the situation is nowhere near as dire as it is made to seem .
Indeed , the government 's own data show that 98 percent of past year marijuana users do not end up in the ER to " mention " that they use marijuana , and similarly , that only a small percentage of users end up in rehab ( mostly referred through the legal system ) .
And the potency issue can't be all that significant given that synthetic THC ( marijuana 's principle psychoactive agent ) is available by prescription .
If THC in natural marijuana is scary and dangerous ( DEA Schedule I ) , it seems illogical that it can be obtained in near 100 percent strength as an FDA approved " safe and effective " medicine ( DEA Schedule III ) .
See for yourself : it 's called Marinol .
And why in the world would so many people try marijuana -- and keep using it -- if it were truly " dangerous ? "
The data consistently show that marijuana is simply not that dangerous and over 100 million Americans already know that , because they 've used it themselves .
I put together a tri-fold brochure to capture the essence of this page -- I like to mail out copies of it in those postage paid envelopes we all get in our junk mail .
For Halloween this year , I decided to be Rick Astley .
With a little bit of hair spray , spray - on hair color , and some make - up for a widow ’s peak , it looks like this :
What fun .
To make the costume complete , I took my Android G1 phone and bought a copy of Never Gonna Give You Up from Amazon for $ .99 .
Then I put the song on continuous loop and turned on the external speaker .
The G1 can really belt out music !
Presto , not only do I look like Rick Astley , but I ’m Rickrolling everyone who comes within ten feet of me !
In order for you to fully appreciate the experience , I ’ve added an “ embed ” code into this blog so you can experience the costume for yourself .
Let me know if it works for you .
😉 ( Update : Apparently Firefox and Chrome do n’t like embedded MIDIs and other Web 0.1 technology , so I ’ll spare you the audio experience of getting rickroll ’ed . )
Thanks to my wonderful wife for the idea and for her help with the costume this year .
She also made a special treat for people at work :
Yummy mummy cupcakes !
Other Halloween fun from previous years .
In tonight 's NBC News interview with Brian Williams , McCain explains that the " elites " are located in D.C. and New York City :
WILLIAMS : Who is a member of the elite ?
PALIN : Oh , I guess just people who think that they 're better than anyone else .
And -- John McCain and I are so committed to serving every American .
Hard - working , middle - class Americans who are so desiring of this economy getting put back on the right track .
And winning these wars .
And America 's starting to reach her potential .
And that is opportunity and hope provided everyone equally .
So anyone who thinks that they are -- I guess -- better than anyone else , that 's -- that 's my definition of elitism .
WILLIAMS : So it 's not education ?
It 's not income - based ?
It 's --
PALIN : Anyone who thinks that they 're better than someone else .
WILLIAMS : -- a state of mind ?
It 's not geography ?
PALIN : ' Course not .
WILLIAMS : Senator ?
MCCAIN : I-- I know where a lot of 'em live .
( LAUGH )
WILLIAMS : Where 's that ?
MCCAIN : Well , in our nation 's capital and New York City .
I 've seen it .
I 've lived there .
I know the town .
I know -- I know what a lot of these elitists are .
The ones that she never went to a cocktail party with in Georgetown .
I 'll be very frank with you .
Who think that they can dictate what they believe to America rather than let Americans decide for themselves .
What they need to do is to stop making multiple SKUs of the same product because they are blatant ripoffs to the consumer .
$ 599 Mac Mini :
1.83 C2D
1 GB RAM
80 GB HDD
DVD Read / CD Write
$ 799 Mac Mini :
2.0 C2D
1 GB RAM
120GB HDD
DVD Write / CD Write
Seriously , that $ 799 model could be $ 499 , have 250GB HDD and 2 GB of RAM and it STILL would be a ripoff .
Cut down the SKUs ( just gimme one aluminum 13 " Macbook and get rid of the white and black Macbooks and trash the damn Air ) and cut down the prices and up the the specs .
Pure and simple .
There are numerous studies out indicating severe media bias in favor of Barack Obama this election cycle .
That story has been overplayed at this point , and I really wo n’t weight in .
Some people argue that fairness in the media requires equal positive and negative coverage .
Some people argue that it ’s natural and acceptable for media to bias towards a winner .
Others argue that the media was simply reflecting reality – there were more positive stories to report out of Obama ’s campaign ( e.g. Warren Buffett / Colin Powell endorsements ) and more negative stories to report out of the McCain campaign ( e.g. in - fighting , the Couric interview , etc. )
While extreme media bias may be the big story that everyone is talking about , I want to discuss another sort of bias : the tendency for media to skew the truth in exchange for ratings ( and thus higher advertising revenue ) .
It is the media ’s interest to create drama by portraying this as a very close election .
It ’s just good business .
It is in the media ’s interest to create multiple narratives for how this election could be quite different than the polls are suggesting ( i.e. because of the Bradley effect or voter fraud etc . ) .
In fact , it is in the media ’s interest to completely undermine the legitimacy of polling data ; by undermining the scientific nature of polling models , the mainstream media can point to the outlier polls that suggest a very close race .
This serves to keep the drama at a fever pitch and the ratings high .
You wo n’t see Matt Drudge or Fox News Channel reporting about this kind of media bias , precisely because they are equally culpable as others in the MSM .
But let ’s look at one of the unintended consequences of this media bias in favor of ratings : the tendency to overplay close polls and delegitimize polls that portray this election as a done deal .
Think about it : the biggest single worry of the Obama campaign has been organizer let - down and voters who get lazy and complacent with such massive leads in the polling data .
The Drudge Report , who is influential in driving the news cycle , skews heavily in favor of outlier polls that suggest a down - to - the - wire race .
Fox News picks up on this and starts shouting it from the rooftops .
It ’s totally understandable .
It keeps people excited and engaged …
… and it gets people to the polls .
McCain and Obama supporters .
Republicans and Democrats .
And this is a strategic advantage for Obama and the Democrats .
There are more Democrats than Republicans .
It is in the Republican ’s interest to see a lower turnout , because in a lower turnout , die - hard voters tend to lean Republican .
But the perception of a close race just may be the thing that gives the Democrats the edge in this election .
And for that , we can only blame Drudge and Fox News … because a scientific analysis of the polls suggests an Obama blowout .
The ACLU protects your freedom through a nationwide network of staffed offices in every state , Washington , D.C. , and Puerto Rico .
To request legal assistance or get involved , find your local ACLU affiliate below .
SPRINGFIELD , Ohio , Nov. 26 ( UPI ) --
An Ohio couple found with 74 dead cats in their home face up to 90 days for animal cruelty , officials said .
A municipal judge in Clark County found Loyce Ogden and Craig Hunt of Springfield guilty Monday after they pleaded no contest to the charges , the Dayton Daily News reported .
The judge scheduled sentencing for January .
Advertisement
The Clark County Humane Society found 124 cats in the house during a raid in September , officials said .
There were 74 dead animals , most of them in the garage .
But investigators also found carcasses under the couple 's bed and a dead kitten hidden by a pillow .
Ed Sisler , executive director of the Clark County humane society , said this was the first time he had found someone actually sleeping with dead animals .
After the live cats were removed , he had to go through trash bags of dead cats .
" It 's an experience I will long remember and care never to repeat , " he told the newspaper .
On Thursday , Georgia ’s Department of Labor announced that the state ’s unemployment levels rose to 7 percent in October , the highest in 16 years ; approximately 43,093 unemployed Georgians are looking for work .
That same day , Sen. Saxby Chambliss ( R - GA ) , who is locked in a tough run-off election battle with Democrat Jim Martin , gave a campaign speech on the state ’s economic troubles :
However , Chambliss was so busy campaigning that day that he actually skipped the Senate ’s vote on the Unemployment Compensation Extension Act of 2008 , which extended unemployment benefits “ by 13 weeks in states with an unemployment rate of at least 6 percent . ”
Chambliss was one of just four senators to miss the vote .
WCTV reported that Chambliss later sent out a press released praising “ the passage of the law and [ said he ] hopes it will help laid - off workers get by while seeking a new job . ”
We all know how Saxby Chambliss swift - boated decorated Veteran Max Cleland to win his Senate seat in 2002 and those of us involved in covering the Senate know that Saxby 's not considered , well … the finest legislative mind in the chamber .
But it 's important that people in Georgia who will be voting in the December 2nd run-off election between Chambliss and Democratic challenger Jim Martin know just how thin Chambliss is on the economy and the plight of unemployed workers .
Leaving alone for a minute that Chambliss has for years fought tooth and nail against every bill to increase the federal minimum wage rate , ThinkProgress tells us about how Chambliss did n't even care to show up for last week 's Senate vote on extending benefits for the unemployed and instead stayed Down South to give a campaign speech on … Unemployment !
Here 's ThinkProgress : Please go here to read more .
And here 's a great video on Saxby Economics that shows that this guy does n’t even have the knowledge of a freshman Economics student , much less a United States Senator : Good thing Georgians will have had another month to think this through before voting again .
Slide 1 of 8 ,
The photograph on the right was doctored by the " beautification engine " of a new computer program that uses a mathematical formula to alter the original form into a theoretically more attractive version .
The before and after shots of the actor James Franco were almost indistinguishable , suggesting his classically handsome face is already pretty perfect .
Kevin Winter / Getty Images ; All Manipulations by Tommer Leyvand
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Motorway police have had to deal with two women spotted walking down the central reservation of the M6 .
The women , twin sisters from Sweden , ran in front of oncoming traffic after wrestling with the police .
Both women have since recovered .
Sophie Hutchinson reports .
First broadcast September 2008
[ / caption ]
It would appear that the US President has been briefed by Phoenix scientists about the discovery of something more “ provocative ” than the discovery of water existing on the Martian surface .
This news comes just as the Thermal and Evolved Gas Analyzer ( TEGA ) confirmed experimental evidence for the existence of water in the Mars regolith on Thursday .
Whilst NASA scientists are not claiming that life once existed on the Red Planet ’s surface , new data appears to indicate the “ potential for life ” more conclusively than the TEGA water results .
Apparently these new results are being kept under wraps until further , more detailed analysis can be carried out , but we are assured that this announcement will be huge …
So why is there all this secrecy ?
According to scientists in communication with Aviation Week & Space Technology , the next big discovery will need to be mulled over for a while before it is announced to the world .
In fact , the Jet Propulsion Laboratory science team for the MECA wet - chemistry instrument that made these undisclosed findings were kept out of the July 31st news conference ( confirming water ) so additional analysis could be carried out , avoiding any questions that may have revealed their preliminary results .
They have also made the decision to discuss the results with the Bush Administration ’s Presidential Science Advisor ’s office before a press conference between mid-August and early September .
Although good news , Thursday ’s announcement of the discovery of water on Mars comes as no surprise to mission scientists and some are amused by the media ’s reaction to the TEGA results .
“ They have discovered water on Mars for the third or fourth time , ” one senior Mars scientist joked .
These new MECA results are , according to the Phoenix team , a little more complex than the water “ discovery . ”
Scientists are keen to point out however , that this secretive news will in no way indicate the existence of life ( past or present ) on Mars ; Phoenix simply is not equipped make this discovery .
What it can do is test the Mars soil for compounds suitable to support life .
The MECA instrument does have microscopes capable of resolving bacterial - scale life forms however , but this is not the focus of the forthcoming announcement , sources say .
This new MECA discovery , combined with TEGA data will probably expose something more compelling , completing another piece of the puzzle in the search for the correct conditions for life as we know it to survive on Mars .
Critical to this search is to understand how the recently confirmed water and Mars regolith behave together under the Phoenix lander in the cold Martian arctic .
The MECA instrument had already made the landmark discovery that Mars “ soil ” was much like the soil more familiar on Earth .
This finding prompted scientists to indicate that the minerals and pH levels in the regolith could support some terrestrial plants , indicating this would be useful for future Mars settlers .
What with the discovery of water , and the discovery that Mars soil is very much like the stuff we find on Earth , it is hard to guess as to what the MECA ’s second soil test has discovered .
What ever it is , it sounds pretty significant , especially as NASA and the University of Arizona are taking extraordinary steps to avoid any more details being leaked to the outside world .
I just hope were not getting excited over something benign …
So what will this compelling discovery be ?
Leave your guess below …
Source : Aviation Week
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Gasoline prices extended a month - long decline but drivers are not being easily lured back to the road , despite an uptick in demand .
The national average price of a gallon of gas dropped 3.4 cents to $ 2.889 , according to a survey of credit card swipes at gasoline stations by motorist group AAA .
The national average is now about 30 % below the record - high price of $ 4.114 on July 17 , but 15 states are still selling gas at $ 3 a gallon or more .
The highest prices are in Alaska ( $ 3.84 ) and Hawaii ( $ 3.79 ) and the lowest are in Oklahoma ( $ 2.46 ) and Kansas ( $ 2.52 ) .
In the past month alone , prices are down an average of 25 % and are just 7 cents shy of year - earlier levels .
While demand is edging higher , there still appear to be fewer consumers on the road when compared with this time last year .
U.S. gasoline demand rose 2.6 % during the week ended Oct. 17 , according to the MasterCard Spending Pulse report , which tracks national retail sales .
However , demand levels are down 6.4 % from a year ago and are also lower than during the summer months .
Last week , 62.9 million barrels were sold at retail locations , compared to 66.9 million barrels that were sold during the same week in July when gasoline prices surged to a record high .
One barrel is equivalent to 42 U.S. gallons .
" Statistically , the sharp drop in prices has not resulted in demand recovery , as it has been offset by shrinking home values , 401 ( k ) s and cash in pockets , " said Ben Brockwell , director of Data , Pricing & Information Services at Oil Price Information Service in Wall , N.J. " Additionally , the change has happened so quickly that consumers are wondering if it 's real .
They 're not going to touch the stove if it 's not cooled off . "
According to Brockwell , gas demand during the work week has stayed relatively steady , up only 0.5 % to 1 % since prices started to drop more than a month ago .
But weekend driving has shown a dramatic decrease , with demand falling 7 % to 10 % from a year ago .
James Fisher , a professor at St. Louis University and an expert on consumer behavior , agrees that the gloomy economic environment , coupled with unpredictable oil prices , has left consumers wary .
" People are skittish about the future of energy prices and they lack confidence in the future of their economic situation , which translates to disciplined spending , " he said .
" Though they may be pleased to see the price per barrel plunge , they 're going to think twice before taking that road trip or using the car get does n't get good mileage . "
Also , habits are hard to break , and now that Americans are in the mindset of consuming less , they 're not going to go back to their old ways tout de suite , according to Kit Yarrow , Department Chair of Psychology at Golden Gate University .
In addition to financial woes , Brockwell believes a surge in the demand for fuel - efficient cars due to recent record - breaking gas prices and a heightened eco-consciousness may also be contributing to fewer sales at gas stations .
While actual sales of hybrids have decreased , along with sales across the rest of the auto industry , JD Power and Associates confirms that the sales share of hybrids has risen within the light vehicle category .
" People became mindful of their consumption , but they realized the ramifications of driving more were both financial and ecological , " added Yarrow .
" Now they 've developed this consciousness , they can't just suddenly stop thinking about it . "
But gas station owners do n't think heightened environmental awareness is the reason for the consumer 's reticence at the pump .
" I 've seen hybrids , but the conversations with my customers have been more about 401 ( k ) s , " said David Johnson , of Sunset Service Station in South Weymouth , Mass .
" One of my customers this morning was talking about having to buy canned tomatoes - it 's really the general economic conditions that have people cutting back . "
Though he is able to buy and sell gasoline at cheaper prices because his station is n't branded , his customers are still pulling the reins when it comes to filling up .
Unable to locate the specified content .
Content id not set .
If the problem persists , please contact support for further assistance .
If a scheduled task is corrupted , errors such as “ The selected task ” or “ The selected task “ { 0 } no longer exists ” may appear every time the Task Scheduler is started .
The complete error message here is literal .
The selected task “ {0} ” no longer exists .
To view your current tasks , click Refresh .
The selected task “ ” no longer exists .
Click Refresh to view current tasks .
Task :
The task image is damaged or has been changed .
In this case , the built - in CreateChoice ProcessTask is corrupted for some reason and an error appears .
The main reason for the error
The “ Selected task name no longer exists ” error occurs if the entry for the scheduled task entry is corrupted or if the entry remains after you uninstall the associated program .
In most cases when a task is corrupted , you may need to edit the registry to fix it because SchTasks .
exe or third - party tools like Autoruns do not display the corrupted task .
Delete corrupted tasks
The first thing to do when you get this error is to delete the corrupted tasks as they can cause big problems .
To do this , open the registry editor by typing regedit in the search box .
Follow this path .
Computer \ HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE
\ SOFTWARE \ Microsoft \ Windows NT \ CurrentVersion \ Schedule \ TaskCache \ Tree \
You can see the currently defined tasks in the task scheduler .
Go from the most recent to the oldest , open each one and write down your username .
Copy the credentials you want to remove in the editor or in your notes .
When you all refer to it , right click on the task name and delete it .
After that , go to the following registry location :
Computer \ HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE
\ SOFTWARE \ Microsoft \ Windows NT \ CurrentVersion \ Schedule \ TaskCache \ Boot
Computer \ HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE
\ SOFTWARE \ Microsoft \ Windows NT \ CurrentVersion \ Schedule \ TaskCache \ Logon
Computer \ HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE
\ SOFTWARE \ Microsoft \ Windows NT \ CurrentVersion \ Schedule \ TaskCache \ Maintenance
Computer \ HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE
\ SOFTWARE \ Microsoft \ Windows NT \ CurrentVersion \ Schedule \ TaskCache \ Plain
Computer \ HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE
\ SOFTWARE \ Microsoft \ Windows NT \ CurrentVersion \ Schedule \ TaskCache \ Tasks
Delete the same GUID you previously copied from these locations .
Some may not have an ID , but if they are in any of these IDs , just remove them .
Go to this location again : C : \ Windows \ System32 \ Tasks and do the same .
You must restart your computer for the changes to take effect .
Then check if there are still problems with the task scheduler .
Disable defragmentation schedule
Press Windows Key + R , type dfrgui and press Enter to open the defragmenter .
Under Scheduled Optimization , click Change Settings .
Now disable “ Run on schedule ( recommended ) ” and click “ OK ” .
Click OK and restart your computer to save your changes .
If the error persists , change to the following directory :
C : \ Windows \ System32 \ Tasks \ Microsoft \ Windows \ Defrag \
In the Defragment folder , delete the ScheduledDefrag .
Restart your computer again and see if you can fix the problem .
The selection error “ {0} ” no longer exists .
Synchronize tasks manually
Another issue for which you are getting the error might be an issue with the synchronization of File Explorer and Registry Editor .
You can sync them manually .
Make sure that all created tasks have an appropriate registry key .
This means that you go to this folder : C : \ Windows \ System32 \ Tasks
Who turned out the lights ?
Dark secrets from below
Saoirse Ronan , left , and Harry Treadaway are shown in a scene from " City of Ember . "
Saoirse Ronan , left , and Harry Treadaway are shown in a scene from " City of Ember . "
Photo : Walden Media , Twentieth Century Fox Photo : Walden Media , Twentieth Century Fox Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close
Who turned out the lights ?
Dark secrets from below 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
City of Ember : Fantasy .
Starring Bill Murray , Tim Robbins , Harry Treadaway and Saoirse Ronan .
Directed by Gil Kenan .
( PG. 95 minutes .
At Bay Area theaters . )
Movies are planned months and years in advance , and yet it 's not uncommon for films to arrive that speak directly to the thoughts and fears of the particular moment .
Perhaps this should n't be surprising : Just as a person expresses the unconscious in dreams , a culture expresses its unconscious in movies .
And so today , just as everyone is on edge about the global economic crisis ( and no one has forgotten 9/11 ) , we 're getting movies about civic catastrophe , about civilizations absolutely and completely falling apart .
Last week , it was " Blindness , " a well - made and unsettling film in which millions of people suddenly lose their sight .
Today , we get " City of Ember , " an impressive and imaginative fantasy about human beings who live in an underground city , two centuries after a nuclear war .
They have no knowledge of the earth 's surface .
They know nothing about the world that went before them .
For them , Ember is the entire world - and that world is about to go to pieces .
If you want to look for a metaphor , the search wo n't be long .
The elders who established Ember gave it 200 good years .
They gave it a generator and enough food to last two centuries , but now time has run out .
The pipes are rusting .
Food is scarce .
Most ominous , the generator on which the entire civilization depends has started to stall .
Two or three times a week , it just stops functioning for a few seconds , causing all the electricity to go out .
" City of Ember " has an emotional impact that goes way beyond a clever metaphor .
In an early scene , a chipper young messenger ( Saoirse Ronan ) is making her way through the town square when the generator stalls again - and this time for longer than ever before .
The people are so relieved , and so willing to believe that maybe it wo n't happen again , that the moment is touching .
It 's also rather touching that their world is such a pathetic echo of real civilization , that their sky is just a bunch of lightbulbs and that their religion has something to do with waiting for " the builders " to return .
Yet they want to hold on to what they have .
The tone of " City of Ember " is flexible enough to allow for both drama and satire , with neither feeling discordant .
Bill Murray plays the mayor , a complete phony who is looking for a way to escape Ember , even as he is announcing " a task force to investigate the blackouts . "
It wo n't surprise anyone to know that Murray is funny in the role - he 's funny just sitting at his desk with a deadpan expression .
But he goes deeper .
For example , take the moment in which he 's walking onto a balcony to address a throng of citizens who idolize him .
Just as he's about to reveal himself to the masses , he assumes a look of theatrical geniality that 's so unnatural and bizarre , and yet so calculated to please , that it 's chilling to see .
For a split second , that face actually scared me .
Though Murray makes the most of his scenes , and Tim Robbins has a nice featured role as an inventor , the film focuses mainly on the adventures of two teenagers , who gradually come to discover the City of Ember 's founding secrets .
The young actors , Ronan ( " Atonement " ) and Harry Treadaway , could n't be better .
If you have any reservations about going to a movie starring two teenagers , put them aside .
Also , if the thought of a movie that takes place underground holds little appeal , think again .
The film 's design is not murky and shadowy , but rich and bright , and the whole rendering of this underground world is fascinating .
I 've said almost nothing about the story .
Good .
I 'll let you discover it .
But just two general comments :
The pacing is varied but energetic , and for that you can credit director Gil Kenan ( " Monster House " ) .
And the story , based on Jeanne Duprau 's novel of the same name , is beautifully constructed .
It builds until it reaches the point that it's one edge - of - your - seat moment after another .
All this , and you wo n't have to check your brain at the door , either .
" City of Ember " offers a rich reward on a modest 95 - minute investment .
-- Advisory : Moments of menace and a scary monster , but , otherwise , this is pretty wholesome entertainment .
The 5,300 year old human mummy dubbed Öetzi ( or ‘ the Tyrolean Iceman ’ ) is highly unlikely to have modern day relatives , according to new research published today by a team of scientists from Italy and the UK .
They have sequenced Öetzi ’s entire mitochondrial DNA ( mtDNA ) genome , which is passed down through the maternal line , and found that he belonged to a genetic lineage that is either extremely rare or has died out .
The research has generated the oldest complete Homo sapiens mtDNA genome to date , and overturns previous research conducted in 1994 on a small section of Öetzi ’s mtDNA , which suggested that relatives of Öetzi may still exist in Europe .
Öetzi the Tyrolean Iceman ’ - mitochondrial DNA shows unlikely modern descendants .
“ Changes arise only gradually in mitochondrial DNA as it is passed down the generations , ” says co-author Professor Martin Richards of the University of Leeds ’ Faculty of Biological Sciences , “ and so it provides an effective way of tracking ancestry through the female line across many thousands of years , as well as examining evolutionary relatedness across human populations .
” The team , led by Professor Franco Rollo at the University of Camerino and Dr Luca Ermini working at both Camerino and Leeds , used powerful new technologies to sequence Öetzi ’s mtDNA and match it with a modern day haplogroup – in genetic terms , a group that shares a common ancestral DNA sequence .
He belonged to a branch of haplogroup K1 , which is still common throughout Europe today .
However , almost all members of K1 sampled from modern Europeans belong to one of three sub-lineages , whereas Öetzi ’s lineage was completely distinct .
After death DNA begins to degrade immediately , so ancient DNA is very fragmented and any study of it has to be completed in hundreds of sections .
For this research the team tested around 250 fragments , each of which had to be sequenced many times to ensure the results were not distorted .
“ Our analysis confirms that Öetzi belonged to a previously unidentified lineage of K1 that has not been seen to date in modern European populations .
The frequency of genetic lineages tends to change over time , due to random variations in the number of children people have - a process known as ‘ genetic drift ’ - and as a result , some variants die out .
Our research suggests that Öetzi ’s lineage may indeed have become extinct , ” says Prof Richards .
“ We ’ll only know for sure by sampling intensively in the Alpine valleys where Öetzi was born .
However , our results do suggest that studies of ancient samples can fill in gaps in our knowledge left open simply because many genetic lineages died out thousands of years ago .
The techniques we ’ve used here are potentially applicable to many other ancient remains .
” Öetzi ’s mummified remains were discovered in September 1991 in the Eastern Alps near the Austro - Italian border .
He was approximately 46 years old when he died , and examinations revealed that he had been severely wounded by an arrow and possibly finished off with a mace blow to the face .
He is estimated to have lain undiscovered for approximately 5,300 years .
His body was almost wholly preserved , together with an array of clothes and weapons , providing an unprecedented insight into the Late Neolithic or Copper Age in Europe .
Since 1998 he has been on display at the South Tyrol Museum of Archaeology in Bolzano , Italy .
The research was funded by global pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Co. Article :
The paper , titled The Complete Mitochondrial Genome Sequence of the Tyrolean Iceman , is published in the current edition of Current Biology .
In June , John Podesta appeared on Sean Hannity ’s radio program and confronted him with a Center for American Progress document detailing 15 distortions that Hannity had made on the air .
Hannity , true to form , changed the subject , instead accusing Podesta of lying .
When a New York Observer reporter this week raised the subject again , Hannity was forced to do a little cutting and splicing in order to “ prove ” that Podesta had lied on his program .
This heavily - edited clip now appears on his Web site .
It ’s missing critical audio from the Podesta interview .
Transcript of Hannity ’s doctored clip :
HANNITY : When Howard Dean advances the theory that George Bush knew about 9/11 ahead of time , I ca n’t find you on record condemning that .
JDP : Howard Dean never said that , Sean .
HANNITY : Howard Dean advanced the theory .
He said it was an interesting theory .
JDP : He never said that , Sean .
HANNITY : He advanced the theory , John .
John , do n’t lie .
He said —
JDP : Do n’t call me a liar .
Sean , you said that I called you a liar during the whole front hour …
HANNITY : He advanced the theory …
JDP : I never called you a liar .
I said you get distant from the facts .
[ 7 MINUTES , 10 SECONDS OF AUDIO CUT ]
DEAN : The most interesting theory that I ’ve heard so far …
[ 4 SECONDS OF AUDIO FROM MIDDLE OF DEAN SENTENCE CUT ]
… is that he was warned ahead of time by the Saudis .
Now who knows what the real situation is .
[ 50 SECONDS OF AUDIO CUT ]
HANNITY : He advanced the theory .
Why would he say it if he was n’t advancing it ?
JDP : Get him on the air and ask him that .
[ 8 SECONDS OF AUDIO CUT ]
JDP : I just said that I disagreed with him if that ’s what he meant .
[ AUDIO CUT ]
1. Dean said the theory was nothing more than a theory .
Missing from the Dean clip is the crucial middle clause of his sentence .
Of the theory , he said , it “ is nothing more than a theory , it ca n’t be proved . ”
Also missing from the Hannitized version of the interview : Dean said , “ No , I do n’t believe that .
I ca n’t imagine the president of the United States doing that . ”
2. Podesta knew Dean ’s quotes did n’t add up to supporting the theory .
Podesta said both , “ I do n’t think that ’s what those statements implicate , ” and , “ It did n’t sound to me like that ’s what he said . ”
3. Podesta called the theory in question “ dead wrong . ”
Podesta disclaimed it completely , saying , “ If Howard Dean was suggesting that the President knew about 9/11 and did nothing about it , then I think he ’s dead wrong . ”
Cosmos is Microsoft 's internal data storage / query system for analyzing enormous amounts ( as in petabytes ) of data .
As the lead Program Manager for Cosmos I can't say too much about it but what I can do is take a tour of the information that Microsoft has published about Cosmos .
So read on if you are interested in the architecture Microsoft uses to store and query petabytes of data and what technical issues Microsoft 's approach brings up .
While the Cosmos service is restricted for internal Microsoft use only and therefore is n't typically discussed outside the company , over time Microsoft has authorized quite a bit of data to be published about Cosmos .
For example , you could go to Microsoft 's job site and do a search for " Cosmos " .
This might lead you to a job posting like this one .
Or you might notice the reference in the job posting to something called Dryad ( the job posting even includes a URL that amongst other things contains a link to a Google tech talk on Dryad ) .
You might also do an Internet search and find out about a paper on a language called Scope that was accepted by VLDB '08 ( which I can give you a sneak peak of here ) .
The story the previous data tells is that Cosmos is a platform for storing massive amounts of data across large numbers of machines and then distributing jobs onto the machines that store the data so that the data can be processed in a fully distributed and efficient fashion .
The Scope article in particular provides an architectural overview of the system and breaks Cosmos into three parts : Storage , Execution Management and Query Language .
Storage
The storage layer is append only so it 's ideal for data such as logs ( hum … I hear those Cosmos guys are part of Search … ) .
Data is stored as files .
Files can be very large so file contents are broken into multi-megabyte blocks called extents .
Each extent is then copied onto a machine in a Cosmos cluster .
So if someone wanted to read an entire ' file ' they would have to touch a large number of machines in order to collect together all the extents that make up that file .
The Scope paper also points out that extents are replicated so more than one machine will have a copy of a particular extent ( no bonus for figuring out how many copies are typically kept around for each extent ) .
The Scope paper also points out that the metadata about the files ( e.g. which extents make up a file and where those extents are stored ) is kept in a stand alone cluster that uses a quorum protocol so members of the metadata cluster can fail but the system will still function properly .
For me the interesting question about the storage layer is the metadata .
Should there really be a central metadata repository ?
The answer depends on what one needs from the system .
In the case of storing logs losing data is typically just fine .
So long as you only lose say 0.1 % of the data ( so long as the loses are reasonably randomly distributed ) nobody is going to care .
Now if you really and truly need to keep every single bit of data ( I can't say how many 9's of reliability the current system delivers but let 's just say it 's a lot ) then the current system makes a ton of sense .
But if you can lose data do you need a centralized metadata facility ?
Is the centralized guarantee of data consistency necessary ?
Seeing systems like Amazon 's Dynamo which use a combination of consistent hashing and gossip protocols to keep their data " reasonably " consistent I can't help but think Cosmos could be made simpler if that central metadata system were done away with and replaced instead with a self organizing distributed system .
Of course I could be completely wrong .
The right way to figure out the answer is to carefully define exactly what Cosmos ' business requirements are and then evaluate the cost of centralized versus de-centralized solutions in terms of their ability to meet those business requirements at the lowest cost .
That is a process that the Cosmos team will be going through in the coming months as we deal with the explosive growth of the system .
Execution Management
The Dryad website provides so much information on Dryad that I 'm surprised Microsoft does n't just release the source code .
The idea behind Dryad is that most interesting distributed queries require multiple iterations of map / reduce that typically involve large numbers of machines running for long periods of time .
Dryad 's job is to handle efficiently distributing a job onto the cluster and then managing the job to handle failures .
Jobs are submitted to Dryad as Directed Acyclic Graphs ( DAGs ) .
Each vertex in the DAG represents a single physical machine and a program to run on that machine .
The links between vertices tell Dryad what other vertices need to complete before a particular vertex can start .
Dryad acts as the job manager .
Dryad figures out which machines contain the data the job wants to run on and schedules vertices on those machines .
Dryad tracks dependencies .
So if Vertex D can only run once Vertices A , B and C are done then Dryad will track A , B and C and as soon as they finish will kick off D. Dryad figures out the best places to physically locate vertices .
So , for example , vertex D is going to need to pull in data from A , B and C so it 's advantageous if D is physically close to A , B and C ( whenever possible ) to minimize latency and network load .
Dryad also handles machine failures .
When running huge queries for extended periods of time ( notice the vague adjectives I used there ) machines can and will fail .
Dryad detects these failures and recreates the failed vertices so the job can complete .
Dryad faces a similar design decision to storage – to centralize or decentralize ?
In Dryad each job has its own job manager instance that runs the job .
This creates a number of interesting problems .
For example , how should job instances coordinate in order to make best use of cluster resources ?
Should there be a central job manager who knows ' everything ' about a cluster and can ' optimally ' allocate vertices across multiple jobs simultaneously running in the cluster ?
Should there be multiple job managers but those managers should communicate with each other about what is going on in the system ?
What happens when a job manager fails ?
Should there really be a central point of failure for jobs ?
Maybe the job manager needs to be distributed ?
Perhaps every vertex could simultaneously be a member of the DAG and part of the management of the job ?
As with storage , it all comes down to business requirements .
What qualities do we need from the system and what are the best architectural approaches to get those qualities at the lowest cost ?
As the system scales we are forced to revisit our assumptions .
We do n't know the answers but we are going to have a lot of fun in the coming months trying to figure the answers out .
Query Language
Scope is a SQL ' style ' scripting language that supports inline C# .
In Scope all data is made up of rows and rows are made up of Columns and Columns are typed .
However the storage layer does n't care what data it stores and that data may or may not be in row format .
To solve this problem the first step in a Scope script is to provide an extractor ( Scope comes with default extractors and users can write their own in C# ) that reads data in from the storage layer and turns that data into rows made up of columns with the appropriate type .
To give the reader some sense of what a Scope script looks like here is an example from the Scope paper :
SELECT query , COUNT (*) AS count
FROM " search.log " USING LogExtractor
GROUP BY query
HAVING count > 1000
ORDER BY count DESC ;
OUTPUT TO " qcount.result " ;
Scope 's power comes from its ability to express complex queries in a familiar language .
This enables programmers to describe the complete query they want and by putting all the steps of the query in one place Scope can analyze the entire query as a unit and make global optimizations to make the query run as quickly as possible .
The Scope paper did n't go into too much detail on how exactly it does query optimization so I can't say much but what I can say is that we have barely scratched the surface of optimizing Scope scripts .
There are numerous areas ripe for investigation ranging from simple query optimization within the language to optimization in the face of outside knowledge ( e.g. how do optimizations change when taking account of things like machine architecture or current system load or data location ? ) .
This is an area of active research that we expect to be able to mine for quite some time .
There are also two other basic questions we expect to tackle – is Scope done ?
And is Scope enough ?
The first question asks what changes or enhancements do we need to Scope to meet our customer 's needs .
The second question asks if we should support languages other than Scope .
We really do n't know the answer to either question at the moment but as with the previous questions we intend to find out .
Conclusion
The previous architecture is n't actually complete .
There is at least one more major component that is n't mentioned as well as major architectural issues I have n't yet seen discussed in the public material .
I 'm not going to expand on what has been published so I can't go into more details .
But what I can say is that Cosmos is a very successful system that is growing at a breakneck pace both in terms of the number of customers we support and the size of the clusters we run .
Everyday brings up numerous challenges ranging from system design to service management .
Working for Cosmos is very much about living in interesting times .
So if you would like to live an interesting life please check out the jobs available on the Cosmos team .
Ron Paul rejects McCain campaign 's plea for endorsement David Edwards
Published : Wednesday September 10 , 2008
Print This Email This Ron Paul held a press conference urging voters to select a third - party presidential candidate instead of Barack Obama or John McCain .
The Texas congressman said that he fielded a phone call from the McCain campaign on Tuesday asking him for an endorsement .
" They called and it was a bit of a surprise to me , " Paul said , " because their request was that I endorse John McCain today . "
But he " did n't like the idea of getting two to three million people angry at me , " so he turned them down , Paul told the laughing crowd .
" The idea was that he would do less harm than the other candidate , " Paul complained .
Paul was accompanied at the news conference with third - party presidential candidates , including Ralph Nader and former Georgia Democratic Rep. Cynthia McKinney .
This video is from CNN.com , broadcast September 10 , 2008 .
Download video
( with wire reports )
Erin Rosa
The Colorado Independent
November 3 , 2008
In the next three years the military plans to activate and train an estimated 4,700 service members for specialized domestic operations , according to Air Force Gen.
Gene Renuart , commander of U.S. Northern Command , which was created in 2002 for homeland defense missions .
The comments , made at the annual National Homeland Defense and Security Symposium in Colorado Springs last week , reveal more details about the recent stationing of active military personnel inside United States borders for what officials say is a mission centering around responding to catastrophic emergencies .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
In September the Army Times reported that the 3rd Infantry Division ’s 1st Brigade Combat Team — a unit based in Fort Stewart , Ga. , that most recently spent 35 of the last 60 months in Iraq patrolling in full battle gear — would be put under the control of Northern Command , located on Peterson Air Force Base in Colorado Springs .
Military representatives claim that the unit , now referred to as the Consequence Management Response Force , is only supposed to assist in responding to terrorist attacks or natural disasters , but that has n’t stopped numerous civil liberties advocates from speculating just how closely the military will be involved with law enforcement issues falling under a state ’s jurisdiction .
“ This is n’t a military police brigade or a civil affairs brigade .
This is actually a combat brigade being assigned a domestic mission , ” said Mike German , national security counsel for the American Civil Liberties Union ’s legislative office in Washington . , D.C .
The ACLU filed a Freedom of Information Act Request last week with the Department of Justice and the Pentagon asking for records relating to the assignment of domestic forces to the Northern Command .
Read article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
A Guide to Beck and Scientology for Journalists and Fans June 12 , 2008 UPDATE
The article that appears below this update was webbed soon after Beck 's 2005 album , Guero , was released .
Since then , Beck has managed to avoid the limelight as a celebrity Scientologist - with one notable exception .
In July 2007 , in New York City , a filmmaker , video game creator , and blogger named Theresa Duncan died of an apparent drug and alcohol overdose .
Her death was ruled a suicide .
A week after Duncan 's death , her companion of twelve years , the artist Jeremy Blake , was reported to have been seen walking into the ocean at Rockaway Beach , New York .
His body was found off the coast of New Jersey five days later .
Just two months before her death , Duncan had stated in a post on her blog that she and Blake had been harassed by the Church of Scientology , and in the comments section of that post ( since deleted ) , and also in a blog post she 'd made in March , Duncan indicated that the harassment began after Blake worked with Beck ( he designed the album cover for Beck 's 2002 album , Sea Change , as well as related visual materials ) .
Following the couple 's deaths , an article by Chris Lee in the LA Times revealed that Blake had extensively documented what he and Duncan perceived as harassment and obstruction by a number of people .
" In a 27 - page ' chronology ' written by Blake in October [ 2006 ] in preparation for a lawsuit against the church that was never filed , he alleges the couple was ' methodically defamed , harassed , followed and threatened ' by Scientologists .
The document lists Tom Cruise , filmmaker - artist - author Miranda July , writer - director Paul Thomas Anderson , former Viacom Chief Executive Tom Freston , alternative rocker Beck and Art Forum Editor Tim Griffin , among others , as players in the dispute .
In addition , a number of Hollywood talent agents and major league art collectors were accused of being in on the conspiracy . "
In December 2007 , the January issue of Vanity Fair that arrived on newsstands featured a story , " The Golden Suicides , " about the deaths of Duncan and Blake and the events leading up to them .
The author , Nancy Jo Sales , reported that in early 2003 , Duncan told people that Beck was going to be in a film she was planning to make , Alice Underground , the story of a rock star kidnapped by two New York schoolgirls ; Sales said that Duncan later wrote in an email ( to a recipient Sales did not identify ) that she and Beck had met " repeatedly " to discuss the film .
However , before Vanity Fair ran the article , Beck was asked for a comment , and he denied the story via email , claiming that he had never met with Duncan to discuss being in her movie ; though he admitted having read her script , he said he had declined to be in the film .
He implied that his relationship with the couple was no more than an amicable professional acquaintance .
Even though Duncan told people that Beck had committed to being in her film , she later said that Beck had suddenly called her and bowed out of the project , offering no explanation .
Duncan also maintained that Beck had wanted to leave Scientology , and that she and Blake had offered to help him .
However , Beck denied this as well , telling Vanity Fair , " That 's ridiculous .
Totally false . "
He also wrote , " Had we been closer and discussed anything as personal as religion , I would have only had positive things to say about Scientology . "
In the wake of the Vanity Fair story , there was a brief flurry of gossipy tabloid and blog speculation suggesting that Beck was somehow responsible for Blake 's and Duncan 's deaths .
For the most part , though , in " The Golden Suicides " and earlier reports about the couple that appeared following their deaths ( including articles in the LA Times and the LA Weekly ) , an image had begun to emerge of Duncan and Blake as conspiracy - obsessed , delusional , enmeshed in a web of paranoia .
To some , Beck 's denials supported , or were supported by , that perception .
However , soon after the article with Beck 's denials appeared , blogger Emmanuelle Richard brought to light an interview Beck had given to an Italian newspaper in August 2003 .
In a post on her blog , she asked , " Is Beck 's memory a tad scrambled ? "
She recalled reporting a few years earlier that Beck had told Corrière della Sera ( in August 2003 ) that he was planning to be in a film that would begin shooting that fall .
The paper quoted him as saying , " It will be full of energy and full of characters : some kind of Alice in Wonderland set in the 70s .
It still does n't have a title .
The director is a friend of mine and it will be her directorial debut .
But I trust her . "
As of this writing ( in June 2008 ) , Beck 's next album , titled Modern Guilt , reportedly will be released , though no official date has been announced .
The Secret Life of Beck Hansen - A Guide for the Professional Journalist Revised and updated March 28 , 2005 Rumors have been around a few years suggesting that alt rocker Beck Hansen had become a member of the Church of Scientology .
The real question should be , when was Beck NOT a Scientologist ?
Has Beck been lying to the media and his fans ?
Has the media just been hiding it ?
According to L. Ron Hubbard 's dogma , Scientologists believe it is perfectly within the ethical boundaries of their " religion " to lie to non-members .
But if Scientology is so great , why have Beck and Geffen Records worked so hard to keep Beck 's lifelong involvement with the cult a secret ?
Why did we continue to read remarks by journalists insisting that Beck was not a Scientologist ?
If you are preparing a piece on Beck , start by getting some background .
Read some of the academic literature about cults .
" Cults in Our Midst " ( 1996 ) by Dr. Margaret Singer is a great place to start .
Also see " Combatting Cult Mind Control " ( 1990 ) by Steven Hassan and " Recovery From Cults " ( 1995 ) by Dr. Michael Langone .
Ex-Scientologist Jon Atack's " A Piece of Blue Sky " ( 1990 ) , Russell Miller 's Bare - Faced Messiah ( 1987 ) , Bent Corydon 's " L. Ron Hubbard , Messiah or Madman ? " ( 1992 ) and Paulette Cooper 's " The Scandal of Scientology " ( 1971 ; revised for the web 1997 ) are devoted entirely to Scientology and are available for reading free on the Internet .
Learn how cults control through brainwashing , hypnotism , coercion , humiliation and fear .
Most importantly , learn the difference between a cult and a religion .
There have been several biographical works written on Beck .
None of them have revealed any serious , in - depth research .
They are largely based on press interviews of Beck .
Because of this , chronological gaps and inconsistencies plague accounts of his life .
One striking gap is the lack of references to Scientology , despite the fact that Beck 's parents and some of his friends were Scientologists , he attended a Scientology - run school , and he took Scientology courses as a teenager .
( In contrast , compare the numerous early interviews in which Beck mentioned his paternal grandfather , who was a Presbyterian minister , and his tendency , in the mid-late nineties , to cite his Jewish heritage - his mother is half Jewish - and how much he valued Jewish culture and traditions . )
In 2002 , though , interviewer Tim Perlich of NowToronto.com raised the subject .
Note , in the selection below , that his interview with Beck is monitored .
When asked if he 's aware that his father is a Scientologist , Beck is obviously taken aback and pauses briefly to formulate a response .
" Um ... no comment . "
A split second later , Universal publicist Lani Fumerton , evidently monitoring the conversation on another line , breaks in .
" Could we wrap up , please ? "
But it was just getting interesting !
For all anyone knows , Beck might be a second - generation Scientologist .
There 's only one sure way to find out .
Have you ever taken any Scientology courses yourself ?
" No comment , " Beck quickly snaps back , bringing the interview to a halt .
- ( From an interview by Tim Perlich , Now Magazine Feb. 3 - 9 , 2002 . )
****
Beck 's family and childhood Beck 's father , David Campbell , and mother , Bibbe Hansen , have been Scientologists for over thirty years .
Beck has told interviewers he was born at home on July 8 , 1970 , and has offered numerous stories of growing up in extreme poverty in a rough neighborhood .
However , David Campbell was doing quite well as a session musician in the early 70's .
Campbell was featured regularly in the Church of Scientology 's Celebrity magazine as a successful session musician and arranger .
When Beck was a boy , David was arranging and performing at concerts with Linda Ronstadt , and the family was living in comfortable homes in Hollywood and Laurel Canyon .
Bibbe Hansen taught Lamaze classes for Church of Scientology members and apparently practiced as a midwife though no license is on file with the State of California .
A weblog maintained by Bibbe 's friend , Vaginal Davis , mentioned that Bibbe had delivered Marissa Ribisi ( Beck 's wife ) and her twin brother , Giovanni .
Beck was most likely born at home because Scientologists prefer to give birth at home and shun neo-natal screening and conventional medicine .
Home births also accommodate the Scientology 's " silent birth " rules about not talking to a newborn baby for a period of one week .
While Scientology teaches that this reduces the trauma associated with a baby 's birth , this is actually another method to destroy family bonds .
( See discussions in the texts by Drs. Margaret Singer and Michael Langone and by Steve Hassen sited above .
Family bonds are deliberately weakened and destroyed in cults because members are supposed to support the cult above all else .
A common cult ideology says that a victim 's life and family were horribly dysfunctional until they joined the cult .
The cult solves all the victim 's problems associated with the family by diminishing the family in every way possible . )
Bibbe Hansen also had another son , Channing , about two years after Beck was born .
Beck has said in interviews that he was sent as a child to spend summers in Kansas with David 's parents .
He also mentioned in early interviews that his paternal grandparents exerted a religious influence and he attended church where his grandfather was a minister .
As the nineties progressed , Beck began to mention to interviewers the fact that Bibbe was half Jewish , and commented a few times that he was raised Jewish .
In at least one interview , he stated regretfully that he'd wanted to have a bar mitzvah but his family did n't have the money .
He also told one interviewer in 1997 that he'd been sent for Jewish education .
It seems that Bibbe was also developing an appreciation for her Jewish heritage ; she talked about it in interviews , and put up a list of Jewish links on her website .
( The subject came up when Bibbe and Sean were being interviewed by Vaginal Davis in 1999 .
Sean mentioned that Beck 's Jewishness had a particular appeal for some fans : " When Jewish girls find out Beck is Jewish they just go crazy , cuz they feel that they can now bring him home to meet the folks .
It 's really important to his Jewish girl fans . ')
However , it is highly unlikely that Beck was raised Jewish .
The Campbell 's Scientology case supervisors would never have approved of Beck being sent to synagogue for religious education .
Is it possible that the emphasis on Beck 's Jewish background was an attempt to divert attention from the truth about his upbringing ?
Most published accounts of Beck 's early life refer to Bibbe as giving Beck a " bohemian " upbringing .
Bibbe was briefly part of Andy Warhol 's Factory in New York as a young girl .
She was later involved in the LA punk scene in the late 70's .
She was also the proprietor of a coffeehouse in LA called Cafe Troy .
Other self revealed aspects of Bibbe 's life stretch the definition of the term " bohemian . "
When Beck was about 5 years old , Bibbe , who was about 25 , began dating a 15 - year - old , Sean Carrillo .
( The age of consent in California is 18 . )
They maintained a relationship and reportedly moved in together in 1980 .
Conflicting dates have been given for when Bibbe and David divorced ; it is most often said to have happened when Beck was 13 .
The passage of time seems not to have diminished Bibbe 's interest in younger men or her unorthodox views about marriage .
In an interview conducted by Vaginal Davis in 2001 , Bibbe and Sean were accompanied by a young man named Laki .
Their comments about him were overtly sexual , and they referred to him as their " concubine . "
Regarding sexual abuse of children in cults :
If one researches cults to any extent , the occurrence of the sexual abuse of children quickly becomes apparent as a given within cults .
Children and adolescents are routinely abused sexually as a means of humiliation and control and as yet another way to destroy family bonds .
Scientology teaches that children are " little adults " who do n't need much guidance or protection from their parents .
This seems to facilitate and remove all taboos from the idea of sexual relationships between adults and adolescents .
Sadly , this behavior is common in cults .
( See references mentioned above . )
The budding , second generation Scientologist Beck has been reported in various places , by a number of people , to have attended the Apple School of Los Feliz , which was run by Scientologists .
Beck 's elementary class portrait as " Bek Campbell " appears in an Apple School yearbook .
It 's not clear what years Beck attended the school , though it ceased operating in 1985 .
Beck dropped out of school in the ninth grade , after a short time in public school .
Many children raised in Scientology , like Juliette Lewis , Leah Remini , and Lisa Marie Presley , drop out of school early .
Cult - educated children who are later enrolled in accredited schools often find themselves hopelessly behind their conventionally educated classmates , so dropping out of school is an easy choice .
The lack of education among cult - raised children is crucial for future indoctrination and recruitment .
A child who has never been introduced to the scientific method or critical thinking techniques is ripe for brainwashing .
He will more readily accept stories about being possessed by the spirits of space aliens or about being a descendent of shellfish , or believe that Dianetics can cure illnesses .
Children raised in cults are also expected to support themselves at an early age , and Scientology is no exception .
As little adults , they are expected to get jobs or work full time for the cult , so a formal education is not considered a necessity .
After dropping out of school , Beck completed at least 13 Scientology courses between 1986 and 1989 under the name Bek or Beck Campbell .
The list below was compiled from back issues of Celebrity magazine .
Sometimes the magazine 's listing are incomplete , and some older issues are still not available , so this may not be a complete list .
The dates are the approximate publication dates of the magazines ; the courses would have been taken within a few months before that date .
( Note that at a time in his life when Beck said his family was too poor to afford a bar mitzvah , there was enough money available for him to take expensive Scientology courses . )
An ex-Scientologist , in a post on the news group alt.religion .
scientology on April 7 , 2004 has suggested that Beck 's family was living at the Church of Scientology 's Celebrity Centre in Los Angeles when Beck was a teenager .
ESSENTIALS OF DIANETICS 1 , 8/86
( Essentials of Dianetics 0 , 2 & 3 are not listed but Beck would have had to complete them to move up to the next level . )
ESSENTIALS OF DIANETICS 4 , 5 , 6 , 11/86
( as Bek Campbell )
STUDENT HAT , 1/88
HOW TO ACHIEVE YOUR GOALS , 3/88
HOW TO BETTER CONDITIONS ACROSS THE DYNAMICS , 3/88
INTRODUCTION TO SCIENTOLOGY ETHICS , 8/88
HOW TO HANDLE PROBLEMS , 8/88
PRO TRs , 10/89 ( This is the infamous bull baiting class , that involves intense brainwashing to create the zombie - like disconnected behavior seen often in Scientologists and other cult victims )
It appears that Beck may have drifted away from Scientology sometime after he took the Pro TRs course in 1989 ; his name did n't show up on any more published course completion lists , he did not appear on lists of donors for more than a decade , and the rumors that he was a Scientologist did not begin to circulate widely until the late nineties .
The reason for this separation is not known .
Perhaps as a high school dropout with nothing more than a series of minimum wage jobs , Beck simply could no longer afford to pay the steep fees .
For a time Beck seems to have kept his father at a distance .
He claimed , in some interviews , to barely have known his father , and professed ignorance of David 's activities .
Beck may have realized his father 's public involvement in Scientology could be detrimental to the budding career of a folk / blues / alt rock singer .
Beck went to New York with a girlfriend when he was about 18 ( the age , as well as the year he went , has varied depending on the interview or article ) ; he stayed , reportedly , about a year or possibly longer .
During this time in New York City , Beck was encouraged by club owners to begin writing songs .
He also spent time in Italy and Germany with his grandfather , artist Al Hansen , who was not a Scientologist .
( Beck 's maternal grandmother , Audrey Hansen , died in 1968 . )
In 1991 Beck returned to Los Angeles where he continued song writing and performing .
Soon after his song " Loser " became a hit in 1993 , Beck started using his mother 's last name , Hansen , rather than his father 's name , Campbell , by which he'd been known all his life , though it has widely ( but incorrectly ) been reported that the change was made when David and Bibbe divorced .
Again , this change may have been instituted to blur the connection between Beck and his celebrity Scientologist father .
In the mid 90's , Beck was in a relationship with Leigh Limon and touring with mostly non-Scientologists .
Beck enjoyed a period of intense creativity including the writing and recording of the album Odelay .
If Beck was mentioned in Celebrity magazine during this time period , his name was not bold - typed , as references to " on lines " members ( such as his father ) routinely are .
Back to the fold ...
As Beck 's popularity grew and his monetary worth climbed , there was probably intense pressure from within Scientology on his family and friends to get him back on lines .
This may have begun in 1998 , when Beck worked with his father on the recording of his album " Mutations . "
When Beck and Leigh suddenly broke up in 2000 , the predominant gossip was that Leigh had been unfaithful to Beck ( although later a gossip column would blame Scientology for the breakup ) .
It was reported that when Beck showed up to evict Leigh from their house , he was accompanied by his attorney .
After a short but highly publicized fling with Winona Ryder , Beck soon began to be spotted in the company of actress Marissa Ribisi , daughter of prominent Scientologists and a Scientologist herself .
In interviews , Beck has often been contradictory and obfuscatory about his life , but now that he is firmly entrenched in Scientology , his life is even more shrouded in secrecy .
He is difficult whenever interviewers ask about his personal life .
During the years Beck and Leigh Limon were together , he mentioned her frequently in interviews , and in 1997 , Beck expressed his love for Leigh in a very open interview with Rolling Stone magazine .
In contrast , only recently has Beck publicly acknowledged his relationship with Marissa Ribisi ; a report that they were married on April 4 , 2004 , was leaked to a gossip column .
When she began appearing in public , visibly pregnant , different due dates were mentioned ( by Wayne Coyne of the Flaming Lips and Parade magazine ) , but they passed with no news of the birth .
Not until late August 2004 was it announced ( on a radio show in the UK ) that Beck and Marissa were the parents of a baby , named Cosimo Henri .
No date of birth was given , but he was probably born in May or June ' 04 .
( The same radio show also said that Beck and Marissa were wed in June 2003 . )
It is easy to suspect that Beck refused to acknowledge his relationship with Ribisi for so long because her membership in the COS was well known to the public .
In another odd twist , a Beck fan on the Internet posted in her " livejournal " that Truck Torrence , Beck 's web master , had been instructed by Beck not to reveal when the baby was due or when he was born .
Beck closed down the fans ' bulletin board on his web site , Beck.com , without explanation in May 2004 .
His journal entries ceased over a year ago .
The marriage of Beck Hansen and Marissa Ribisi joined two families that had been involved in Scientology for years .
David Campbell , an OT VI Solo NOTs auditor and one of the COS 's most successful celebrities , and his wife , Raven Kane , are very active in the organization .
Bibbe Hansen has attained the level of OT V , and her husband , Sean , and son , Channing , have completed some courses .
Like her parents , Marissa 's brother , Giovanni , and sister , Gina , are long time Scientologists .
Marissa herself attained the state of " Clear " in 2001 .
After years of ducking the issue of his participation in Scientology , Beck slowly began making his affiliation public .
In early 2003 , under his original name , Campbell , Beck was listed in the COS 's Impact magazine as a " Sponsor for Total Freedom , " signifying that he had made a $ 5,000 donation .
This money goes into the so - called " IAS War Chest , " the bulk of which is used to fund litigation , dirty tricks , and Scientology 's most vicious and anti-social behavior .
In March 2004 , Beck played at a " benefit " at the Knitting Factory in LA , which was advertised as a fund raiser for the Los Feliz Mission " which helps fight illiteracy and substance abuse , " though it was not announced that the Los Feliz Mission was a Scientology mission and the funds were being raised for its establishment .
Beck also performed for fellow Scientologists at a Celebrity Centre event in August ' 04 .
As of the July 2004 issue the Celebrity magazine , Beck 's name appeared in bold type ---- official recognition that he is a member .
Preparing yourself for the Beck interview
If you interview Beck Hansen you will probably be monitored and may have to agree not to discuss his controversial personal life .
Keep the following in mind .
1 . Beck is relatively uneducated .
He has just an eighth grade education , and most of this education seems to have been in Scientology schools .
He most likely has never had conventional education in science or health .
This is by cult design , because lack of education makes a victim easier to manipulate .
2 . Beck is likely unaware of much of the " wog " world around him .
Hardcore Scientologists are typically discouraged from watching television or reading the newspaper , and are told that the media stories about Scientology " Are all lies " Many have installed on their computers supposedly innocent software provided to them by the COS that blocks a long list of key words , including the name of this website , names , and websites .
Beck will most likely not be able to discuss the elections , the war , or the economy .
He may never even have voted .
A cult member is told that his primary purpose in life is to cross the bridge to " Total Freedom " and " Clear the Planet " - which means turn everyone into Scientologists .
Hubbard states in Dianetics that only those who have attained " Clear " should be able to vote .
The offices of the Church of Scientology are highly compartmentalized .
Individual members are rarely aware of what is going on within the Church .
By keeping the compartments of Scientology separate , Hubbard ensured that no one would have a complete and true picture .
So Scientologists generally have little accurate information .
Scientologists are convinced that they belong to the only group who can save Mankind .
( 1 ) Beck is probably not aware of any of the abusive practices of the cult .
The news he receives about Scientology from his handlers consists of carefully sanitized updates that offer only positive news and dismiss media reports as total lies .
3 . Scientologists do not generally associate with non-cult members in their daily lives .
With the exceptions of his publicist and his manager , Beck 's legal and personal work is most likely conducted by Scientology lawyers and other handlers .
As with other Scientologists , Beck likely must consult his case supervisor about how to handle any conflicts that arise or significant decisions to be made , both personal and business .
4 . A Scientologist believes that the cult 's hypnotic , brainwashing auditing sessions and the E - meter used during them can read his mind and he must not withhold anything from his auditor .
This means that every aspect of Beck 's life may have been revealed during auditing : his sexual thoughts and activities , his feelings about other people , any crimes he may have committed or illegal drugs he may have used , etc .
Information obtained during auditing is carefully recorded in a computer data base .
Scientologists know this information is kept on file .
Scientologist officials have a well - documented history of using this information to blackmail and harass members who leave the Church and dare speak out about their experiences .
5 . A Scientologist is expected to tell his case supervisor everything he has said and done .
For example , if you engage Beck in a conversation about the evils of Scientology , he must tell his case supervisor this , and he may be ordered to stay away from you .
He may also be disciplined in some way .
While Scientologists are often self - confident and self assertive , they are not allowed to discus their " cases " ( difficulties ) , and are discouraged from even thinking about personal problems outside the counseling room .
They are prohibited from entering detailed discussions of Scientology ( " verbal tech " ) , and from voicing criticism of Scientology .
( 2 ) 6 .
A Scientologist must inform on his parents , his wife , his children and his other Scientologist friends , acquaintances , and co-workers should he witness them engaging in " overt " activity contrary to cult teachings .
This snitching is called a " knowledge report . "
If a Scientologist is aware of out - ethics behavior ( violation of Scientology rules ) by another Scientologist and fails to file a knowledge report about it , he himself will be considered out - ethics if the behavior is discovered .
7 . If anyone a Scientologist knows is perceived to disapprove of Scientology , the Scientologist may be ordered to " disconnect " - that is , to sever all contact - from that person , even if it is his own wife , parent , or child ; he would have to do so and never see or speak to that person again .
This disconnection policy is strenuously enforced .
8 . Scientologists are required to sign a release form containing the so - called " Lisa Clause " which states that the signer opposes all psychiatric treatment and authorizes representatives of the COS to intervene to prevent psychiatric treatment and instead forcibly place him on " Introspection Rundown " if his case supervisor deems it necessary .
This is the same treatment that resulted in the death of Lisa McPherson , the Clearwater Scientologist who tried to escape the cult but was returned to their custody and died 17 days later .
The wayward member is locked up in isolation , even against his will , and rarely spoken to ; he is not permitted contact with family , friends , or loved ones , and may be denied appropriate medical care , and " audited " until his case supervisor believes he is ready to behave properly .
9 . If you criticize the cult in a Scientologist 's presence , he may become irate .
He has been trained to attack you verbally and dismiss all your claims as lies and religious bigotry .
He has been taught that anyone who speaks out against Scientology is criminally insane .
It has been widely reported that an active member believes it is OK to lie to a non member about anything .
10 .
According to mental health professionals experienced in rehabilitating cult victims , a Scientologist who is currently " on lines " lives in an altered mental state .
He will display a pseudo personality should one challenge his cultic beliefs .
His ability to think critically has been severely diminished by brainwashing , hypnosis , and coercive handling techniques .
There are many academic texts on this phenomenon that detail the ways in which Scientologists are controlled .
( Dr. Singer and Dr. Langone 's works are good sources of information . )
11 . Scientologists generally shun conventional medicine , believing illnesses are psychosomatic .
To them , illness is a sign of weakness or failure , and they are inclined to treat it with auditing ( though chiropractic and treatment with vitamins and herbs may be recommended as well ) .
Since all illness are psychosomatic in the eyes of a Scientologist , members believe that everything from dyslexia to HIV / AIDS can be cured by Dianetics .
( They even believe homosexuality can be " cured " by Scientology which outlaws homosexuality .
Hubbard insisted that the Emotional Tone Level of a homosexual is " covert hostility " : " they are back stabbers , each and every one . "
( 3 ) ) 12 .
In Scientology , it is considered immoral to do something for nothing .
The starving and crippled are seen as living out self - generated misfortune .
Coupling this to Hubbard 's philosophy of exchange , Scientologists do not usually give to charity , except to Scientology causes , or in the interest of public relations .
( 4 ) One should therefore not expect Beck to participate as much in charitable events , such as Neil Young 's Bridge School Concert or Willie Nelson 's Farm Aid , as he did previously .
Beck will most likely never again donate another song to KGSR's ( Austin Texas ) Broadcast News , a fund raiser for the SIMS Foundation which financially assists musicians in obtaining psychotherapy and psychiatric assistance .
( Beck donated a performance of " Cold Brains " to the Vol. 8 10th anniversaty edition in 2002 and thus helped raise over $ 200,000 for SIMS .
Beck may have not realized what the charity represented , because helping anyone obtain psychiatric care would be considered an act of treason towards Scientology . )
In 1997 , Beck played for a benefit concert to raise money for Cure Autism Now .
In publicity at the time , it was said that Ross Harris 's son , Banjo , was autistic and that Beck was his godfather .
More recently Ross Harris was putting together a Bruce Haack tribute , the sales of which would also benefit Cure Autism Now .
Beck recorded " Funky Little Song " for the album .
It was due out in September 2004 , but it has n't been released as of this writing .
Is it possible that Beck 's renewed commitment to Scientology and its beliefs is responsible for the delay ?
It is possible that Beck 's participation in the Asian tsunami relief concerts is a public relations move for Scientology just as Tom Cruise 's presence was used in " 9/11 " fund raisers to promote the cult .
13 . All Scientologists are pressured to recruit .
Any non-cult musicians and recording personnel who work with Beck should be prepared for recruitment pressure .
In a 2004 interview with a German magazine , Adam Green of the Moldy Peaches admitted that Beck pressured him to visit the Scientology center , but Green declined to join .
Beck 's mother - in - law , Gay Ribisi , is a top Scientology recruiter .
She received recognition in 2003 as a Power FSM ( Field Staff Member ) , Scientologist who FAQ says " recruit people using selection slips for Scientology and get a 15 % profit of the value of services purchased by their recruits in return . "
( A Power FSM has gotten at least 100 people either on the Bridge or to take a course to move up the Bridge during a particular year .
The Bridge is short for " Bridge to Total Freedom " and represents completing advanced course work . )
14 .
As a celebrity Scientologist , Beck can receive the free services of the Scientology " slaves " of the Sea Org , the paramilitary division that commands and controls the entire Church of Scientology ( members work long hours and sign billion - year contracts ) .
Beck can have his yard maintained , his home cleaned , his meals cooked , his child babysat , etc. for free by Sea Org members .
These people work long hours , seven days a week , for little or no pay .
If they have children , they see very little of them , sometimes they only see their children for one hour a week .
According to the affidavits of ex-Sea
Org members , their children are warehoused virtually unattended in crowded , filthy back rooms at Celebrity Centre and elsewhere while their parents work .
Their children are seldom held , spoken to , fed good meals , or washed and rarely receive medical care .
They are typically not even given toys to play with .
15 . The Scientologist 's moral views conflict greatly with those of the all major world religions .
Scientology glorifies personal wealth , and teaches people that they are not responsible for the condition of the world .
( 5 ) Certain basic , Christian values are despised by the Scientologist , who considers them misconceived .
Humility is supplanted by self - pride .
Searching self - criticism is considered dangerous .
Material wealth is a virtue .
Charity creates dependence .
In Scientology , there is no concept of God , nor of grace .
The Scientologist is in every respect a self - made Thetan ( being ) .
( 6 ) There are Hubbard teachings that call Jesus a " lover of young boys " and proclaim that Mohammed " invented " the Muslim religion to stimulate trade in his hometown .
A Touchy Subject ...
In 2002 , not long after Tim Perlich of Now.com tried in vain to question Beck about Scientology , another journalist , Emmanuelle Richard , interviewed Beck for a French publication .
During the interview , Richard made an effort to explore Beck 's rumored connections to Scientology , and for the first time Beck publicly acknowledged his personal connection to Scientology ( as opposed to just having a Scientologist father ) .
Note that Beck is obviously uncomfortable and defensive .
Again he claims to have been raised Jewish and says his parents " were " Scientologists , his first acknowledgment in an interview of his mother 's involvement in Scientology .
( Beck 's reference to " problems with it " in France relates to the fact that Scientology is in trouble in France and several other European countries and is regarded as a public health threat .
and L Ron Hubbard was convicted of Fraud in France in 1978 .
And from the French Embassy webpage HERE : " Scientologist sentenced
The former head of the Church of Scientology in Lyon , Jean - Jacques Mazier was sentenced on November 22 to 18 months in jail on charges of manslaughter and fraud in a case stemming from a follower 's suicide .
Eight defendants linked to the organization were acquitted while suspended sentences were handed down to 14 others . )
E.R : Are you Jewish ?
AND scientologist ?
Well , my grandfather was a Presbytherian [ sic ] minister .
My mother was Jewish and she raised us Jewish as well , but during the summer , I used to go stay with my grandparents and I 'd go to Church .
My parents were scientologists probably from the 60s ... so I grew up around that too .
I had a lot of influences .
So you would go as kids to the Scientology meetings ?
It 's not really meetings or ceremonies ... I grew up with going to Synagogue .
My best friend 's family is Jewish and on weekends , we would go to the synagogue .
So why , only in the past two years , has your name being popping up everywhere , associated with Scientology ?
A journalist or somebody started writing about it So , are you a member ?
As I said , I 've been around it my whole life .
So , has there been a change in your relationship between you and this ... religion ?
I do n't think so .
It 's my family .
( long silence ) I know in France they have a lot of problems with it .
They 're very anti I think , in America , we 're not it 's pretty open .
People came here to do things they wanted ( NOTE : can't transcribe , but it 's about how the first colonies came to be free religiously ) .
I 'm pretty open .
I feel like people should do things like as long as they 're not hurting anyone or themselves .
They can pursue whatever they want .
I 'm not a bigot .
Update - March 2005 : As recently as 2002 Beck was reported as denying that he was a Scientologist , but in a New York Times interview that was published since this page was written ( March 6 , 2005 ,  Beck at a Certain Age ) , he has publicly admitted for first time that he is a Scientologist .
The writer , Arthur Lubow , questioned Beck about his involvement in Scientology and attempted unsuccessfully to elicit a comment from him about the ' continuing controversy ' regarding the COS .
Beck responded by fixing his eyes in the by now familiar " unwavering gaze " and detoured into a vague digression about intolerance and appreciating other cultures and ideas ( touching themes reminiscent of his earlier " I am not a bigot " response to Ms. Richard ) .
When Lubow tried to get him to speak more specifically about his experiences with Scientology , Beck declined , claiming that it was personal .
Lubow 's experience illustrates one of the main pitfalls encountered by journalists who interview celebrity Scientologists : evasion .
Another pitfall that trips up journalists can be seen in Neil Straus 's interview with Tom Cruise in Rolling Stone ( September 2 , 2004 ) .
Why Rolling Stone refuses to present a broader view of Scientology is anyone 's guess .
The magazine has never mentioned the death of Lisa McPherson , a story covered by all other major print media .
In his interview with Cruise , Straus failed to point out that if Cruise 's mother had refused to become a cult member , she could have risked being cut off from her children and grandchildren .
He also did n't mention that she would be eventually forced to renounce her Catholic faith and learn that L Ron Hubbard teaches that Jesus Christ was a pedophile .
The author did n't mention ( and perhaps failed to check ) that Scientology 's Delphian school is not accredited with the State of California .
He failed to observe that Cruise 's niece was " going to work for the family " after graduation because , with her unorthodox education , she cannot attend any accredited university in the United States .
Other areas a journalist should explore
There are people in Beck 's life who have known
Beck personally or worked with him who may provide information that can resolve contradictions or contribute to your understanding of Beck and his involvement in Scientology .
Here are some sources you might pursue :
Any ex-Scientologist , especially from the Los Angeles area , could have information about Beck 's early life .
It 's not unlikely that ex-Scientologists in the LA area could have helpful information , because the Scientology community there is not that large , and it is insular and tight - knit .
Leigh Limon should be encouraged to tell her side of the story .
Bear in mind that she may have been forced to sign a non-disclosure statement when she and Beck broke up .
( There is no record of her being a Scientologist . )
Members of bands who toured with Beck , like the Flaming Lips and Dashboard Confessional , may provide interesting information about the control Scientology holds over Beck .
According to their interviews , the Lips did not have a happy tour with Beck in 2002 .
Dashboard Confessional quit mid-tour for unknown reasons while opening for Beck in 2003 .
Former band members and others who have played with Beck may offer insight as well , if they were not forced to sign non-disclosure clauses .
One potential resource is the anti-folk musicians Beck knew in New York when he lived there , who could provide insight into those years .
For example , Paleface , who played at local venues with Beck for pocket change , was quoted on the Velvet Rope music board as saying ,  Yes he ( Beck ) slept on my sofa and we played in the subways for change to buy beer , but when he accidently pulled money from his other pocket to buy beer a wad of crisp $ 100 's fell out . 
Other information could be gathered from anyone who is not a Scientologist who knew Beck between 1989 and 2001 .
Outside of this time frame , he probably had little close contact with non-Scientologists .
His activities with non-Scientologists today are most likely curtailed and closely watched by his handlers .
In conclusion ...
Remember that is it your professional obligation to present a balanced story in your journalistic endeavors .
You should treat Beck 's misadventure for what is :
Beck has succumbed to a cult , not a religion .
The Church of Scientology is harmful and criminal and practices mind control on its members .
While you may not be able to cover Beck 's Scientology experience if you interview him , you can add information about Scientology to your article .
The public wants to read about the real problems with Scientology , and your piece , if truthful , will sell .
Razor magazine 's coverage of the Lisa McPherson murder was one of their biggest - selling issues ever .
Time magazine had a similar experience with their exposee in 1991 .
History with other critical journalistic work shows the Church of Scientology will most likely threaten you , so be in touch with your publisher 's legal team before going to press .
Some may argue that Beck 's personal life is his own business , but Beck is no longer a private person .
He is selling a product to the public .
The public should not be misled about what their dollars are used for .
Many fans would not be supportive of Beck using their money to fund the Scientology 's defense in the trial for Lisa McPherson 's death .
Consumers have a right to this knowledge and to decide for themselves if they want their money , directly or indirectly , to the Church of Scientology .
A message to those who care about Beck ...
( Or anyone they care about who is a Scientologist )
It is a normal , compassionate response for Beck 's friends and fans to want him to get out of Scientology , once they 've learned what it 's really about ..
However , any attempts to persuade Beck ( or any Scientologist ) to leave Scientology should be left to a professional exit counselor .
Trying to force a person out of Scientology could be regarded by the courts as kidnapping and / or a violation of his civil rights .
Beck or any Scientologist must make the decision to leave the cult on his own .
The best way for a lay person to behave around an active Scientologist is to be supportive of him as a human being ( but do not say you support Scientology ! ) and keep the lines of communication open .
Question beliefs in a neutral way to open up the Scientologist 's mind to independent thinking or doubt .
Avoid criticizing Scientology around the active member .
This will only make him defensive .
Always tell the cult member how much he means to you , and tell him you and others will support him should he choose to leave Scientology .
His fellow Scientologists are telling him that he will fail miserably and maybe even die if he leaves .
A Scientologist knows that if he leaves the COS , any family members who are still in the cult will be ordered to disconnect from him , and he believes that means he will never see the Scientologists in his family again .
As a non-member and a friend , you must be kind and supportive to him so he knows he will not be alone if he walks away from the cult .
added 14 NArch 2006 http://www.ateaseweb.com/news/archive/2002/05/index.php under the May 12 area , a snippet from Thom Yorke 's ( lead singer of Radiohead ) visit to the official radiohead message board is noted .
Yorke is asked if he is friends with Beck .
Yorke replies , " yes through Nigel ~ Godrich .
but we [ Godrich and Yorke ] hold up our hands and say NO !
when Mr Scientoligy [ Beck ] wanders in , strictly C of E as we [ Godrich and Yorke ] are .. "
Yorke demonstrates that Beck , as a scientologist , has attempted to convert both him and Godrich ( an influential and renowned music producer ) .
( 1 ) Jon Atack , A Piece of Blue Sky , ( Lyle Stuart Books : New York , 1990 ) , p. 388 .
( 2 ) Atack , p. 384 .
( 3 ) Atack , p. 384 .
( 4 ) Atack , p. 384 .
( 5 ) Atack , p. 385 . ( 6 ) Atack , p. 383 .
For further information about Scientology , read lermanet.com 's exclusive hyperlinked version of Publisher Lyle Stewart 's open letter regarding Scientology , which ran on a full page in the New York Times .
The story about Xenu in South Park
WAS REAL - PROOF HERE Great Blog Quotes ( Judicial Opinion
One liners ) HERE : sample : " Scientologists believe that most human problems can be traced to lingering spirits of an extraterrestrial people massacred by their ruler , Xenu , over 75 million years ago .
These spirits attach themselves by " clusters " to individuals in the contemporary world , causing spiritual harm and negatively influencing the lives of their hosts " .
USDJ Judge Leonie Brinkema 4 Oct 96 Memorandum Opinion , RTC vs Lerma Charles Manson page :
There was a Scientology E-meter at the Spahn Ranch - Ex-member Dennis Erlich says that Manson took the introductory courses as LA Scientology Organization , and he was there when they were ' vetting ' their files to make any record of this dissappear .
10 May 2006 - MISSION IMPLAUSIBLE III TANKING LIKE THE TITANIC DESPITE DESPERATE QUANTITY TICKET SALES BY SCIENTOLOGY !
Read all about it !
HERE - Did Paramount Believe Scientology 's LIES ??
Reid : Stevens , as felon , will not stay in Senate Nick Cargo
Published : Sunday November 2 , 2008
Print This Email This Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - NV ) has made it clear that Senator Ted Stevens ( R - AK ) , having attained the status of convicted felon on October 27 pending sentencing , will not remain in his Senate seat .
" [ As ] precedent shows us , " Reid said in a Saturday statement , " Senator Stevens will face an ethics committee investigation and expulsion , regardless of his appeals process . "
Stevens ' longtime friend Sen. Daniel Inouye ( D - HI ) disagreed .
" As the Senate has done in every other instance in its long 220 - year history , I am absolutely confident that Ted Stevens will be sworn into the Senate while he appeals this unjust verdict , " he said .
" I am certain that this decision in Washington , D.C. , will be overturned on appeal . "
" While I respect the opinion of Senator Daniel Inouye , " Reid countered , " the reality is that a convicted felon is not going to be able to serve in the United States Senate ... This is not a partisan issue and it is unfortunate that Senator Stevens has used his long time friendship with Senator Inouye for partisan political gain . "
Stevens , 84 , has held his seat since December 1968 , and is up for re-election on Tuesday .
He was convicted in federal court last week on seven counts of violating the Ethics in Government
Act by making false statements on financial disclosure forms between 1999 and 2006 to conceal over $ 250,000 worth of gifts and services from Alaska oil services contractor VECO , including a remodel of one of his houses .
" I have not been convicted of anything , " Stevens insisted at a Thursday night debate in Anchorage with Democratic challenger Mark Begich , the city 's mayor .
" I 'm not going to step down .
I have not been convicted .
I have a case pending against me , and probably the worse case of prosecutorial ... misconduct by the prosecutors that is known . "
Those who have also signaled the end of Stevens ' political career include Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R- KY ) , who expressed " zero tolerance " for a convicted felon in the Senate , and Senator McCain ( R - AZ ) who said that Stevens has " broken his trust with the people and that he should now step down . "
( with wire reports )
Those cars are defined as concepts and prototypes in the past .
Some of them really have futuristic design and looks very strange .
Those ideas from the past really looks interesting and maybe those ideas which cars manufactures have in 21st sanctuary will look strange and unusual in a future .
Pakistan's war on Taliban swells refugee camps
Muhammad Khan , a refugee from Bajaur , who nearly lost his arm in > a shell attack , Kacha Gari camp , Peshawar .
Muhammad Khan , a refugee from Bajaur , who nearly lost his arm in > a shell attack , Kacha Gari camp , Peshawar .
Photo : Jason Motlagh , Special To The Chronicle Photo : Jason Motlagh , Special To The Chronicle Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Pakistan's war on Taliban swells refugee camps 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
Pakistan - Muhammad
Khan is not sure who fired the mortar shell that nearly cost him his right arm .
But when he regained consciousness , the elderly farmer from the village of Badano knew that clashes between the Pakistani military and local Taliban militants had degenerated into a full - blown war , and it was time to leave .
" The Taliban was making trouble for us .
Then the military helicopters and bombs came , exploding throughout the day , " he said , showing his injured arm and a neighbor 's crude stitch - work that saved the limb .
" We were suffering from all sides . "
Some 200,000 Pashtun tribal members have fled their homes in the past three months during an army offensive to expel Taliban and al Qaeda fighters in Bajur , a largely lawless area that borders Afghanistan and is rumored to be the hiding place of al Qaeda leader , Osama bin Laden .
Droves of displaced people are flocking to relief camps outside tribal areas for food , shelter and the assurance that the government 's authority still holds in areas outside the battlefield .
The Kacha Gari camp on the edge of Peshawar .
the capital of Northwest Frontier province , looks like the aftermath of a bad earthquake : Row after crumbling row of adobe hovels fill a dusty plain , ringed by an expanse of green plastic tents .
Until July 2007 , the site was home to 64,000 Afghan refugees , most of whom have been repatriated .
In fact , the area had been emptied to make way for a development project .
But today , the camp is swelling with refugees once again .
As violence convulses in tribal areas , authorities and the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees are directing the displaced to Kacha Gari and three other nearby camps .
At least 7,000 people have poured in during the past month , with more families coming each day , according to the United Nations .
The refugees account for roughly 30 percent of the population living around Peshawar , according to Sitara Imran , the minister for social welfare in Northwest Frontier province .
" The people ( at Kacha Gari ) are the absolute poorest , with no place to go .
They have no choice , " she said .
Bajur , a rugged area about half the size of Rhode Island , serves as a militant entry point that connects the tribal areas with eastern Afghanistan 's Kunar province , where U.S. forces have run up against fierce resistance from the Taliban this year .
Pressure has mounted from Washington to do more to stop the inflow of fighters into Afghanistan , and Washington has praised Pakistani military 's operations .
In response , the militants have staged a wave of suicide attacks in Pakistan .
Fleeing residents say the Taliban were initially seen as defenders of Islam .
They say local sympathies surged for the Taliban after a 2006 missile strike killed 82 people at a religious school near the town of Damadola ; 12 of the victims were teenagers .
Although the army claimed responsibility , most locals believed it was a U.S. aerial drone .
But relations with the Taliban soured after militants began enforcing strict Islamic law , destroying homes of uncooperative families , inflicting physical abuse and carrying out occasional public executions , refugees say .
Men who shaved their beards were dunked in cold water during the winter and hot water during the summer , according to Nematullah Khan , 30 , from Charmang district .
Music was banned .
And public schools - judged by the Taliban to be corruptive tools of the government - were burned to the ground .
Amir Nawas , 18 , also from Charmang district , says he had one exam left before graduation when the Taliban destroyed his school .
All of his academic documents were lost , he adds , leaving him unsure whether he 'll be able to finish his studies .
" They were men with no minds , only guns , " he said .
In recent months the Pakistani military has sought to turn such anger against the Taliban .
Traditional militias , known as lashkars , have been organized and given a license to kill militants in Bajur and other tribal areas .
In addition to artillery and logistics support , they reportedly carry Chinese - made weapons .
As a result , the Pakistani military claims to control 70 percent of Bajur , having killed more than 1,000 militants since early September .
Maj . Gen. Athar Abbas , the army 's chief spokesman , predicts the region will be stabilized within a month .
And a well - placed government source told a reporter on condition of anonymity that if the ongoing campaign stays on course , the displaced should be able to return home by January .
But some observers say holding onto gains in Bajur will prove difficult over the winter months , especially since Afghan Taliban fighters can easily move across the porous borders to launch counterattacks .
Meanwhile , aid officials are trying to accommodate the growing number of refugees as winter approaches .
New arrivals are issued tents , plastic sheeting , candles and dry rations of flour and lentils .
Yet there are complaints that basic provisions and medicines are in short supply , and each day throngs of men gather outside a concrete compound to jostle for what 's available .
Authorities are registering families to ensure that the most needy receive aid first , says Imran .
With nothing but the clothes on their backs , Sabir Jan , 44 , a dry goods trader , abandoned his Bajur village with his wife and 11 children in late August after repeated air strikes by the Pakistani military .
He says he tried to go back once to check on their property and gather his family 's belongings but turned around for fear of his life .
" The Taliban are bad people , but they know how to hide and fight , " he said .
" We must wait a long time , I think . "
Perhaps the Ne Plus Ultra of Fried Food on a Stick
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
A top - notch piece of writing on this plant exists online , so rather than trying to retell the story , I ’m going to recommend you visit this page : Fractal Food : Self - Similarity on the Supermarket Shelf by John Walker , founder of Autodesk , Inc. and co-author of the well - known AutoCAD software .
To give a hint of what you ’ll find on the article , John ’s divided his ( released into the public domain ) essay into a few parts : The Unclassifiable Romanesco , A Computational Universe ? , Stalking the Vegetable with a Camera and Fixing Fractal Food–perfect Botany Photo of the Day fare .
Posted by Phoebe Chin on 08/4/08 in Featured , Funny
Having people over at your house can often lead to major consequences .
Invite a bunch of the wrong people and your peaceful house will be the next feature video on youtube .
Here are some people you might not want to invite on your next gathering .
# 10 – The Make Yourself Feel At Home Type
Remember the saying “ make yourself at home ? ”
Well some people literally do it – from eating everything in your fridge , using your toothbrush , taking a bath , borrowing your underpants , and even surfing for porn on your computer which could lead to a virus infections and the loss of your data ( porn ) .
# 9 – The Alpha Male
This guy loves a good fight , makes you drink till you drop , reveal the most embarrassing moments to the girls you like , and will make you look like an idiot in front of everyone .
For the love of God do n’t invite the Alpha Male into your humble abode .
# 8 – The Barman
This is usually a guys role and he ’ll sit right next to all the booze and make sure he tops up your cup and every other girls cup , aiming for the world record of the most drunk people in one location .
He ’ll drink up all your booze and never offer to buy more .
# 7 – The Pool Pushers
What ’s disturbing about pool pushing is that the people involved in the pushing do n’t think about your wallet , keys and mobile phone when they throw you in .
The pool pushers often work in groups and will gang up on the host .
# 6 – The Phoner
“ S**t , what ’s this 4 - hour long - distance call to Norway on the phone bill ??!! ”
# 5 – The Cockblocker
Have you ’ve ever had a moment with a chick at a party , and thought you had a chance when suddenly someone comes along says his best pickup lines , and in an instant the love of your life walks away ?
If this has happen to you then you should take better care and get right to the point before the cockblocker makes his move .
# 4 – The Druggies
They hide in a corner of your room and start popping pills and smoking up .
The next morning , the distinguishable smell of marijuana lingers in your house for about a week .
# 3 – The Spewer
Mr. Spew is easy to spot .
Started drinking whisky - on - the - rocks before the party starts Pukes at every party he goes to Can happily sleep in any position and location
# 2 – The Shagger
Watching porn full of fit and young blondes is fun .
Watching your pal screws your intoxicated sister in YOUR bedroom is NOT .
# 1 – The Social Media Addict
Well equipped with a 5 megapixel camera the social media addict is someone who ’ll exploit your worse moments and share them on the internet for the world to laugh and put to shame .
You never want to invite a social media guru to your home unless you have something amazing to show off or if you want to get your 2 minutes of fame online .
So you think you can dance ?
Similar posts :
Fettabsaugung
Fettabsaugung Fettabsaugung , wichtige Informationen
Viele , genauer gesagt mehrere hundert Fettabsaugung OPs werden von uns pro Jahr durchgeführt .
Auf unserer Webseite finden
Sie alle wichtigen Informationen wie Bilder , Erfahrungen , Fotos , Preise , Kosten und Finanzierung Ihrer Wunschoperation .
Hartnäckige Fettpolster lassen sich oft auch mit strengsten Diäten oder auch extremer Gymnastik nicht erfolgreich bekämpfen .
Häufig ist dabei eine genetische Veranlagung die Ursache für übermäßige Fettansammlungen .
Die Fettpolster sitzen häufig da , wo sie optisch besonders stören ( Bauch , Bein und PO , Oberarme ) .
Zumeist beeinträchtigen sie neben dem ästhetischen Gesamteindruck auch das Selbstbewusstsein der betroffenen Patientinnen .
Mit der operativen Fettabsaugung ( auch Liposuction genannt ) kann das Körperbild dauerhaft korrigiert und remodelliert werden .
Fettgewebe , dass einmal durch eine Fettabsaugung entfernt wurde , kann nicht mehr nachwachsen .
Eine Fettabsaugung ist überhaupt keine Frage des Alters .
Die
Haut sollte jedoch noch ausreichend Elastizität besitzen , um sich nach der Absaugung wieder am Körper optimal anlegen zu können .
Da sich Fettzellen bei Erwachsenen nicht mehr nachbilden , ist ein JoJoeffekt nach der Fettabsaugung auszuschließen und die Figurverbesserung bleibt lange erhalten .
Auch ist eine Fettabsaugung wiederholbar .
Hier können Sie Ihr persönliches Angebot anfordern .
Fettabsaugung
Tipps und Tricks für die Zeit nach der Fettabsaugung
Fettabsaugen ist ein Verfahren der plastischen Chirrugie , um überschüssiges Fettgewebe entfernen zu können .
Die operative Fettabsaugung ist dabei der wirkungsvollste und erfolgreichste Weg , um schnell und dauerhaft die störenden Problemzonen verschwinden zu lassen .
Abgesaugte Fettzellen können zwar in der Regel nicht neu nachgebildet werden , allerdings speichern verbliebene Fettzellen bei einer Gewichtszunahme wieder vermehrt Fettgewebe .
Eine Zunahme der Fettzellenmasse ist also nicht vollkommen auszuschließen .
Deshalb ist die Fettabsaugung nicht für stark Übergewichtige oder krankhaft Fettleibige ( adipöse Personen ) geeignet .
Sollte die Haut stark erschlafft sein , so sind weitere Eingriffe nötig , wie zum Beispiel eine Bauchdeckenstraffung oder eine Oberarmstraffung .
Hier können Sie Ihr persönliches Angebot anfordern .
Fettabsaugung
Tipps und Tricks für die Zeit nach der Fettabsaugung
Wenn übermäßige Fettpolster die Konturen des Körpers negativ beeinflussen , können diese Fettablagerungen mit der Absaugmethode ( mit Mikrokanülen ) sehr einfach entfernt werden .
Ein positiver Nebeneffekt der Fettabsaugung ist , dass auch eine vorhandene Orangenhaut durch das Absaugen der Fettzellen bestmöglich reduziert wird .
Durch eine neue Technik ( Vibrationslipolyse ) , die Fettabsaugung wird dabei mit vibrierenden Kanülen ( Nadeln ) durchgeführt , wird das tieferliegende Bindegewebe bewegt .
Die Heilungsphase wird bei dieser Methode wesentlich verkürzt und das Endresultat ist deutlich schneller zu erreichen .
Diese Technik verbessert auch die Hautoberfläche , Orangenhaut wird häufig ganz beseitigt .
Die winzigen Schnitte sind nach ungefähr 4 Wochen nicht mehr sichtbar .
Diese Methode ist auch relativ schmerzfrei und wird zumeist als angenehmer empfunden .
Hier können Sie Ihr persönliches Angebot anfordern .
Fettabsaugung
Tipps und Tricks für die Zeit nach der Fettabsaugung
Die Fettabsaugung ( Liposuction ) ist nach wissenschaftlicher Meinung die beste Methode um störende Fettpölsterchen los zu werden .
Keine andere Behandlungsform ist effektiver .
Die operative Fettabsaugung ist aber nicht bei allzugroßem Übergewicht geeignet .
Hier sind andere Methoden hilfreicher , etwa Diäten oder sportliche Maßnahmen .
Erst wenn der überwiegende
Teil des Gewichts abgebaut ist , ist eine operative Fettabsaugung als zweckmäßig anzusehen ..
Mit einer operativen Fettabsaugung können unter der Haut liegende Fettansammlungen an beinahe jeder Stelle des Körpers dauerhaft entfernt werden .
Unter bestimmten Voraussetzungen ist eine Fettabsaugung sogar im Gesicht ( Kinn ) und Hals möglich .
Die Liposuction wird am häufigsten mit der Tumeszenztechnik durchgeführt .
Zur Lockerung der Fettzellen und um die Blutungsneigung zu verringern , wird vor der Fettabsaugung eine größere Menge Flüssigkeit ( kombiniert mit einem Lokalanästhetikum ) in das Operationsgebiet eingespritzt .
Die Einwirkungszeit beträgt dabei mindestens 30 Minuten .
Hier können Sie Ihr persönliches Angebot anfordern .
Fettabsaugung
Tipps und Tricks für die Zeit nach der Fettabsaugung
Danach wird eine feine Absaugkanüle ( Mikrokanüle ) durch einen kleinen Hautschnitt in das Fettgewebe eingeführt .
Die Schnitte sind dabei so klein , dass die Narben später nicht weiter auffallen .
Das überschüssige Fettgewebe wird abgesaugt und das restliche Fettgewebe wird gleichzeitig neu modelliert .
Hierdurch wird ein optimales ästhetisches Resultat erzielt .
Dieses wird für viele Jahre anhalten .
Der Hautmantel passt sich nach der operativen Fettabsaugung den neuen Konturen an .
Nur wenn die Elastizität der Haut nicht mehr ausreicht , können zusätzliche chirurgische Eingriffe ( Straffungsoperationen ) notwendig sein .
Nach dem Eingriff muß eine gut sitzende Kompressionskleidung für mindestens sechs Wochen getragen werden .
Unterstützend und hilfreich kann eine Ultraschallbehandlung vor und nach der Fettabsaugung sein .
Die Arbeitsausfallzeit beträgt bis zu vier Tage ( je nach ausgeübten Beruf ) , wobei in der ersten Zeit schwere körperliche Belastung oder Extremsport vermieden werden sollten .
Neben der Faltenbehandlung gehört die Fettabsaugung zu den mit Abstand häufigsten durchgeführten plastischen Operationen .
Pro Sitzung sollten nicht mehr als fünf Liter Fettgewebe abgesaugt werden , sonst wird der Organismus zu stark belastet .
Reicht dies für ein optimales Ergebnis nicht aus , so müssen mehrere Sitzungen durchgeführt werden .
STRAFFUNGSOPERATION
Eine Bauchdeckenplastik ( Bauchdeckenstraffung ) ist eine recht häufig durchgeführte Operation .
Die Bachdeckenstraffung wird dem Bauch ein flacheres Aussehen verleihen .
Bauchdeckenstraffungen sind nicht unbedingt für ein schlankeres Aussehen des Bauches und der Taille gedacht .
Die Bauchdeckenstraffung umfasst die Entfernung größerer Fettdepots und erschlafften Gewebes aus der Bauchregion .
Darüber hinaus kann bei der Operation auch die in Mitleidenschaft gezogene Muskulatur der Bauchwand gestrafft werden .
Die Bauchdeckenstraffung kann einen vorgewölbten Bauch deutlich verbessern .
Die Bauchdeckenstraffung wird immer unter Vollnarkose durchgeführt .
Die Schnitte verlaufen dabei am Unterbauch oberhalb der Schamgrenze , seitlich entlang der Bikinilinie und sind damit fast unauffällig und gut verborgen .
Hier können Sie Ihr persönliches Angebot anfordern .
Fettabsaugung
Tipps und Tricks für die Zeit nach der Fettabsaugung
Die Bauchdeckenstraffung kann in Kombination mit einer Fettabsaugung durchgeführt werden , falls auch Fettdepots an Hüfte und Bauch entfernt werden sollen .
Wird eine deutliche Gewichtsabnahme geplant , so sollte mit der Bauchdeckenstraffung bis zu jenem Zeitpunkt abgewartet werden , an dem das Wunschgewicht erreicht wurde .
Komplikationen sind bei dieser Operation selten und in der Regel für ein dauerhaft gutes Ergebnis unbedeutend .
Ein Klinikaufenthalt von 3 –5
Tagen sollte nach der Bauchstraffung unbedingt eingehalten werden .
Danach ist eine 4 wöchige Schonung empfehlenswert .
Die Narbenbildung ist individuell sehr verschieden , sodass einige Frauen bis zu einem Jahr mit einer geröteten Narbe rechnen müssen .
Diese verblasst jedoch in jedem Fall und kann gegebenenfalls später mittels geeigneter Methoden korrigiert werden .
Frauen , die ihre Familienplanung noch nicht abgeschlossen haben , sollten auf diesen Eingriff ebenfalls vorerst verzichten .
Tipps für die Zeit vor der Operation :
Alkohol und das Rauchen ist vier Wochen vor der Operation auf ein Minimum einzuschränken .
Bestimmte Schmerzmittel ( Aspirin ) sollten spätestens 14 Tage vor dem geplanten Eingriff abgesetzt werden .
Kombinationen mit Oberarmstraffung :
Ist die Haut altersbedingt oder durch übermäßige Gewichtsabnahme zu schlaff , um wieder erfolgreich zu schrumpfen , müssen die Oberarme ebenfalls mitgestrafft werden .
Überschüssige
Haut und das darunter liegende Fettgewebe wird dabei entfernt .
Fettabsaugung Zürich
Hier können Sie Ihr persönliches Angebot anfordern .
Fettabsaugung
Tipps und Tricks für die Zeit nach der Fettabsaugung
Eine Korrektur mittels einer plastischen Operation kann das optimale Erscheinungsbild wieder herstellen .
Die Narbenbildung liegt meist an unauffälligen Stellen , wie etwa an der Innenseite des Oberarms .
Ergänzend kann die Oberarmstraffung unter bestimmten Voraussetzungen mit einer Fettabsaugung an den angrenzenden Bereichen verbunden werden .
Sehr viele Frauen ab dem 40 igsten Lebensjahr leiden unter einer sehr dünnen Haut an den Oberarmen .
Ist die betreffende Frau noch dazu sehr schlank , so weisen die Oberarme meistens eine sehr unschöne Fältelung auf .
Oberschenkelstraffung :
Auch die Haut der Oberschenkel verliert meist im Zuge des Alterungsprozesses oder nach größeren Gewichtsreduzierungen an Elastizität .
Es kommt zu einer unvorteilhaften Umverteilung des Fettgewebes .
Eine chirurgische Korrektur kann das Erscheinungsbild wieder deutlich verbessern .
Die Oberschenkelstraffung auch mit einer Fettabsaugung verbunden werden .
Diese kann die Straffung der Körperkonturen noch enorm verbessern .
Störende Fetteinlagerungen werden durch eine Fettabsaugung beseitigt .
Bei größeren Hautüberschüssen ist wahrscheinlich eine Straffungsoperation notwendig .
Bei der reinen Straffungsoperation werden die Konturen der Oberschenkel bis zum Knie durch Entfernung überschüssiger Haut modelliert .
Der Eingriff erfolgt dabei immer unter Vollnarkose .
Bei umfangreichen Oberschenkelstraffungen werden während der ersten Zeit noch chirurgische Wunddrainagen gelegt , damit sich keine Wundsekrete und Blutergüsse bilden .
Die klassische Fettabsaugung :
Grundsätzlich ist die Dauer der Operation abhängig von der Anzahl der zu entfernenden Fettpolster , der Narkoseart und der verwendeten Operationstechnik .
Eine Eingriffsdauer von ein bis drei Stunden ist nicht selten .
Vor der OP werden die abzusaugenden Stellen am Körper angezeichnet .
Das OP - Gebiet wird desinfiziert , steril abgedeckt und an unauffälligen Stellen werden kleinste Hauteinschnitte gesetzt .
Über diese Einschnitte werden dünne Kanülen ( sog. Mikrokanülen ) eingeführt .
Eine Vakuumpumpe saugt danach die gelösten Fettzellen ab .
Zum Schluss werden die kleinen Hautschnitte vernäht und ein straff sitzender Verband angelegt .
Dieser wirkt der zu erwartenden Schwellung entgegen .
Um das neue Ergebnis zu stützen , wird ein Kompressionsmieder angelegt .
Hier können Sie Ihr persönliches Angebot anfordern .
Tipps und Tricks für die Zeit nach der Fettabsaugung
Bei der Ultraschallassistierten Aspirationslipektomie ( UAL ) werden die zu entfernenden Fettzellen mit einer Ultraschallsonde zerstört .
Dazu sind aber wesentlich dickere Kanülen wie bei anderen Methoden notwendig .
Das führt zu etwas größeren Narben .
Die UAL kommt besonders an Körperregionen mit viel Bindegewebe zum Einsatz .
Am oberen Rücken , der Hüfte oder der männlichen Brust .
Insgesamt ist diese Technik aber doch eher als veraltert anzusehen .
Wie funktioniert die Vibrationsmethode ?
Bei dieser , auch Rütteltechnik oder PAL genannten Methode , kommen anstelle von kleinen Vakuumkanülen Vibrationskanülen zum Einsatz .
Diese schwingen bis zu 80 mal in der Sekunde hin und her und bahnen sich damit ihren Weg .
Die Fettzellen lassen sich so wesentlich schneller aus dem Gewebe heraus in die Kanüle rütteln und absaugen .
Die operative Fettentfernung mittels Fettabsaugung kann bei kleinen Mengen sehr oft ambulant durchgeführt werden .
Nur bei umfangreicheren Eingriffen ist eine Vollnarkose anzuraten .
Das endgültige Ergebnis kann übrigens erst nach einigen Wochen , in einigen Fällen sogar erst nach 6 und mehr Monaten , beurteilt werden .
Kleinere Fettansammlungen könnten auch mit der sogenannten Fettwegspritze entfernt werden .
Durch Injektion einer
Fett auflösenden Substanz in das zu entfernende Fettdepot kann das Fett zum Verschwinden gebracht werden .
Fettabsaugung München
Hier können Sie Ihr persönliches Angebot anfordern .
Fettabsaugung
Tipps und Tricks für die Zeit nach der Fettabsaugung
Fettabsaugung – die Zeit nach der Operation :
Direkt nach der operativen Fettabsaugung wird ihnen ein Kompressionsmieder angezogen .
Dieses unterstützt die Anpassungsvorgänge der Haut .
Das Kompressionsmieder muss mindestens 4 Wochen lang Tag und Nacht getragen werden .
Danach sollte es noch am Tag oder in der Nacht getragen werden .
Sportliche Aktivitäten können aber schon nach einer Woche wieder ausgeübt werden .
Schwellungen und eventuelle blaue Flecken ( Hämatome ) bilden sich bereits nach einigen Tagen zurück .
Risiken und mögliche Komplikationen der Fettabsaugung :
Neigen
Sie zu auffälligen blauen Flecken oder haben
Sie anhaltende Blutungen nach leichten Verletzungen , so sollte eine Gerinnungsstörung durch eine geeignete Untersuchung vor der Operation ausgeschlossen werden .
Nach der Fettabsaugung könnte die Berührungsempfindlichkeit der Haut für eine kurze Zeit reduziert sein .
Das konsequente Tragen des Kompressionsmieders ist absolut für notwendig um ein tolles , dauerhaftes Ergebnis zu erzielen .
In seltenen Einzelfällen kann es durch unterschiedliche Ansammlung von Blut - und Gewebewasser zur Ausbildung von inneren Narben kommen .
In der Regel glätten sich diese wieder innerhalb von 6 Monaten .
Wie wird das endgültige Resultat sein ?
Ganz wichtig - alle Fettzellen , die abgesaugt wurden , werden nicht mehr nachwachsen oder neu gebildet werden .
Das bedeutet , dass die Körperform , die nach der Fettabsaugung erzielt wurde , konstant ist .
Ein tolles Ergebnis garantiert Freude für viele Jahre .
Fettabsaugung Wien
Hier können Sie Ihr persönliches Angebot anfordern .
© 2019 femmestyle zum Thema Fett absaugen und günstige Fettabsaugung
Liposuction Pockets of excess fat tend to accumulate where they are least wanted .
Not only is visual appearance affected but also the self - confidence of many people suffers .
Liposuction offers the option of a long - lasting improvement in appearance .
Sometimes even the strictest of diets , sporting activities and special anti-cellulite treatments are not enough to reduce localised fat distribution problems .
Areas which are particularly suitable for liposuction are :
- double chin
- excess fat around abdomen , hips , inner and outer thighs , buttocks and inner knees
Liposuction is performed with the insertion of small tubes into the fatty tissue through 2 - 3 mm incisions in the skin .
As a first step , the tumescent solution is injected into the treatment sites , which requires about thirty minutes to take effect .
The fatty tissue absorbs the solution and softens which allows the fine liposuction tube to gently draw out the unwanted fat .
The adrenalin content contracts the blood vessels , which leads to a reduction of blood loss during surgery .
The operation can be performed either under local or general anaesthetic .
After surgery the patient stays overnight in the clinic .
To ensure optimal , long - lasting results are achieved , it is important to wear the compression garment for six to eight weeks after surgery .
It will generally take about eight weeks before the final results of this procedure can be seen and fully appreciated .
Eight weeks surgery sporting activities can be fully resumed .
Personal offer
__
T- Mobile G1
__
Between the Youtube videos , fan sites , and ever - cranking rumormills , it ’s like we knew all about the first phone running Google 's Android OS before we ever got our mitts on one : a boatload of apps available through the Market , built - in Amazon music store , 3G , Wi-Fi , Google Maps with Street View , that crazy shape - driven lock code , and so on .
Sure enough , all those message board stars are present and accounted for on the G1 , but do n’t worry :
There are still plenty of surprises to keep you entertained .
Surprise # 1 : Android is pretty freaking on - point for a first - gen software release .
Sure , it has bugs — Web pages do n’t automatically re-size and the zoom feature blows — but it ’s also remarkably polished , bristling with nifty tricks .
Take the long touch :
Not unlike the windows - born right - click , it brings up useful contextual menus .
Long touch a field of text , for example , and you get the option to select it , copy it , or paste something in ( take that , Jobs ! ) .
And though Android ’s first home is a touchscreen phone , you can tell that the OS was designed to work with hard - buttons as well .
In fact , if you ca n’t abide fingerprints , you can get around the G1 quite well without ever smearing the glass .
There ’s a BlackBerry Pearl - esque trackball in the center of the button bank that lets you cruise menus , websites , or any other screen you can bring up .
Five other buttons flank the trackball : the ubiquitous green and red phones , “ back , ” “ home , ” and “ menu . ”
The keys are useful , but their physical location is a problem that ties into the most noticeable G1 bugaboo : its size .
This is a big bitch for us — nearly a half - inch thick — and its problematic girth is made worse by an annoyingly curved - up section that makes the phone frustrating to pocket : that button bank .
If you want to rock a G1 , be prepared to bust out the manpurse or multi-pocketed raver jeans ( sorry , Hipsters ) .
The phone ’s main interface is a 3.2 - inch touchscreen that swivels out of the way along an arced path to reveal a QWERTY keyboard .
The keyboard is fine , but that frakking curved button bank ( which also houses the mechanics of the arced hinge ) makes typing uncomfortable .
Also , since the screen swings to the right , non-lefties will have to reach across the phone to flip it open with their thumbs — and no amount of soft - touch plastic is going to keep them from dropping the G1 from time to time .
The capacitive touchscreen is fine — neither the best nor the worst we ’ve seen in terms of appearance or sensitivity .
G- Mobile uses a half - assed haptic feedback mechanism ( the phone vibrates ) to confirm touches , but you can ( and should ) turn it off .
— Joe Brown
WIRED Android is legit , and future iterations should get even more impressive .
3G on a T - Mobile phone .
Tons of apps that will keep you entertained for the duration of your 2 - year contract — and all of them are free until Google decides on a way to charge .
Relatively cheap , and data plans include T - Mobile hotspot subscriptions .
Snappy processor never seems to get bogged down , even with multiple apps running .
Decent battery life : a day of heavy use or three if you have no friends .
Mounts on both Mac and PC as an external drive , allowing you to drag - and - drop music or videos .
TIRED Fugly .
Bulky .
No 3.5 mm headphone jack and no adapter that lets you plug your own buds into the HTC mini USB multi-port .
T - Mobile ’s 3G network not as quick as AT&T’s , and nowhere near as pervasive .
We do n’t mean to whine about free stuff , but the included 1GB MicroSD card seems a little dinky compared to the 8 - gig iPhone you can get for $ 20 more .
Camera is slower than a three - toed sloth to respond .
$ 180 with 2 - year contract , t-mobile.com
( Photos by Jon Snyder for Wired.com )
Limbaugh mocked Obama 's final visit with grandmother David Edwards and Stephen C. Webster
Published : Monday November 3 , 2008
Print This Email This NovaM radio talk show host Randi Rhodes slammed Rush Limbaugh for suggesting Barack Obama 's last trip to Hawaii to visit his dying grandmother actually was because Obama 's birth certificate was illegitimate , and not because of her rapidly failing health .
Obama 's grandmother died of cancer on Nov. 3 , one day before the US presidential election .
" Rush was on the radio , I guess Thursday or Friday when I 'm driving in to work , " began Rhodes .
" And Rush was saying , ' Why did he have to go back to Honolulu ?
His grandmother 's not dead .
She has n't died .
There was no need to rush back .
I think he went back there to change is birth certificate . ' "
" He actually said that it was a ruse , " continued Rhodes .
" That Barack Obama 's grandmother was n't sick , that she was n't terminal , and that she had n't died yet , therefore that was proof that Barack Obama had to work in the shadows to change his birth certificate . "
" I hope Rush Limbaugh is so ashamed of himself that he has to find a new housekeeper to go get the OxyContin from the Denny 's on Belvedere road . "
The following audio is from The Randi Rhodes Show , broadcast on November 3 , 2008 .
Download audio
By Lester R. Brown
The social and economic gap between the world ’s richest 1 billion people and its poorest 1 billion has no historical precedent .
Not only is this gap wide , it is widening .
The poorest billion are trapped at subsistence level and the richest billion are becoming wealthier with each passing year .
One way of narrowing the gap between rich and poor segments of society is by ensuring universal education .
This means making sure that the 72 million children not enrolled in school are able to attend .
Children without any formal education are starting life with a severe handicap , one that almost ensures they will remain in abject poverty and that the gap between the poor and the rich will continue to widen .
In an increasingly integrated world , this widening gap itself becomes a source of instability .
Nobel Prize - winning economist Amartya
Sen focuses the point : “ Illiteracy and innumeracy are a greater threat to humanity than terrorism . ”
In the effort to achieve universal primary education , the World Bank has taken the lead with its Education for All plan , where any country with a well - designed plan to achieve this goal is eligible for Bank financial support .
The three principal requirements are that a country submit a sensible plan to reach universal basic education , commit a meaningful share of its own resources to the plan , and have transparent budgeting and accounting practices .
If fully implemented , all children in poor countries would get a primary school education by 2015 , helping them to break out of poverty .
Some progress toward this goal has been made .
In 2000 , some 78 percent of children were completing primary school , while by 2005 this figure reached 83 percent .
Gains have been strong but uneven , leaving the World Bank to conclude that only 95 of the 152 developing countries for which data are available will reach the goal of universal primary school education by 2015 .
Poverty is largely inherited .
The overwhelming majority of those living in poverty today are the children of people who lived in poverty .
The key to breaking out of the culture of poverty is education –particularly the education of girls .
As female educational levels rise , fertility falls .
And mothers with at least five years of school lose fewer infants during childbirth or to early illnesses than their less educated peers do .
Economist Gene Sperling concluded in a 2001 study of 72 countries that “ the expansion of female secondary education may be the single best lever for achieving substantial reductions in fertility . ”
Basic education tends to increase agricultural productivity .
Agricultural extension services that can use printed materials to disseminate information have an obvious advantage .
So too do farmers who can read the instructions on a bag of fertilizer .
The ability to read instructions on a pesticide container can be life - saving .
At a time when HIV is spreading , schools provide the institutional means to educate young people about the risks of infection .
The time to inform and educate children about the virus and about the lifestyles that foster its spread is when they are young , not when they are already infected .
Young people can also be mobilized to conduct educational campaigns among their peers .
One great need in developing countries , particularly those where the ranks of teachers are being decimated by AIDS , is more teacher training .
Providing scholarships for promising students from poor families to attend training institutes in exchange for a commitment to teach for , say , five years , could be a highly profitable investment .
It would help ensure that the teaching resources are available to reach universal primary education , and it would also foster an upwelling of talent from the poorest segments of society .
Gene Sperling believes that every plan should provide for getting to the hardest - to - reach segments of society , especially poor girls in rural areas .
He notes that Ethiopia has pioneered this with Girls Advisory Committees .
Representatives of these groups go to the parents who are seeking early marriage for their daughters and encourage them to keep their girls in school .
Some countries , Brazil and Bangladesh among them , actually provide small scholarships for girls or stipends to their parents where needed , thus helping those from poor families get a basic education .
As the world becomes ever more integrated economically , its nearly 800 million illiterate adults are severely handicapped .
This deficit can best be overcome by launching adult literacy programs , relying heavily on volunteers .
The international community could offer seed money to provide educational materials and outside advisors where needed .
Bangladesh and Iran , both of which have successful adult literacy programs , can serve as models .
An estimated $ 10 billion in external funding , beyond what is being spent today , is needed for the world to achieve universal primary education .
At a time when education gives children access not only to books but also to personal computers and the Internet , having children who never go to school is no longer acceptable .
Few incentives to get children in school are as effective as a school lunch program , especially in the poorest countries .
Since 1946 , every American child in public school has had access to a school lunch program , ensuring at least one good meal each day .
There is no denying the benefits of this national program .
Children who are ill or hungry miss many days of school .
And even when they can attend , they do not learn as well .
Jeffrey Sachs of the Earth Institute at Columbia University notes , “ Sick children often face a lifetime of diminished productivity because of interruptions in schooling together with cognitive and physical impairment . ”
But when school lunch programs are launched in low - income countries , school enrollment jumps , the children ’s academic performance goes up , and children spend more years in school .
Girls benefit especially .
Drawn to school by the lunch , they stay in school longer , marry later , and have fewer children .
This is a win - win - win situation .
Launching school lunch programs in the 44 lowest - income countries would cost an estimated $ 6 billion per year beyond what the United Nations is now spending to reduce hunger .
Greater efforts are also needed to improve nutrition before children even get to school age , so they can benefit from school lunches later .
Former Senator George McGovern notes that “ a women , infants and children ( WIC ) program , which offers nutritious food supplements to needy pregnant and nursing mothers , ” should also be available in the poor countries .
Based on 33 years of experience , it is clear that the U.S. WIC program has been enormously successful in improving nutrition , health , and the development of preschool children from low - income families .
If this were expanded to reach pregnant women , nursing mothers , and small children in the 44 poorest countries , it would help eradicate hunger among millions of small children at a time when it could make a huge difference .
These efforts , though costly , are not expensive compared with the annual losses in productivity from hunger .
McGovern thinks that this initiative can help “ dry up the swamplands of hunger and despair that serve as potential recruiting grounds for terrorists . ”
In a world where vast wealth is accumulating among the rich , it makes little sense for children to go to school hungry .
Adapted from Chapter 7 , “ Eradicating Povery , Stabilizing Population , ” in Lester R. Brown , Plan B 3.0 : Mobilizing to Save Civilization ( New York : W.W. Norton & Company , 2008 ) , available for free downloading and purchase at www.earthpolicy.org/Books/PB3/index.htm.
Image credit : prakhar at Flickr under a Creative Commons license .
CNN made waves on Tuesday night by incorporating three - dimensional holograms into its coverage of the U.S. election .
The only problem was , they were n't really holograms .
" They were quite sophisticated , no doubt , " said Hans Jürgen Kreuzer , a professor of theoretical physics at Dalhousie University and an expert on holography who watched the 3 - D interviews .
" But I immediately said to my wife that I do n't think it has anything to do with holograms . "
At about 7 p.m. ET , reporter Jessica Yellin , who was in Chicago , spoke with New York - based anchor Wolf Blitzer live " via hologram , " CNN said .
Yellin appeared somewhat fuzzy and her image , apparently projected a few feet in front of Blitzer , appeared to glow around the edges .
" You 're a terrific hologram , " Blitzer said to her .
" It 's like I follow the tradition of Princess Leia , " she said , referring to the Star Wars character .
Yellin explained that her image was being filmed in Chicago by 35 high - definition cameras set in a ring inside a special tent , which were processed and synchronized by 20 computers to the cameras in the New York studio .
The network , which made use of three - dimensional imaging technology produced by Norway - based Vizrt and Israel - based SportVu , billed the interview as a first for television .
CNN also aired a second " hologram " interview between anchor Anderson Cooper and rapper Will .
I.Am , who was also in Chicago .
The CNN anchors were not really speaking to three - dimensional projected images , but rather empty space , Kreuzer said .
The images were simply added to what viewers saw on their screens at home , in much the same way computer - generated special effects are added to movies .
Kreuzer said the images were tomograms , which are images that are captured from all sides , reconstructed by computers , then displayed on screen .
Holograms , on the other hand , are projected into space .
CNN officials could not be reached for comment .
Kreuzer said technology is not far from being able to produce what CNN had tried to do , although capturing and projecting holograms of big objects like people is still a ways off .
Holographic images are generally captured and projected using coherent light such as lasers .
A laser would need to be more than six feet in diameter to capture a person 's image , which Kreuzer said is impossible because such a light would be blinding .
It may soon be possible to capture and project large objects using other sources of coherent light , such as light - emitting diodes .
LEDs are considerably cheaper and safer than lasers , Kreuzer said .
" There will be some rapid development now because of the cheapness of these LEDs , " he said .
" You can use a thousand if you want . "
CERN boffins are confident that fusion , the holy grail of cheap , safe power will be economical and usable within thirty years .
It 's a finger in the air sort of estimate , based on projects from the Age of Scientific Optimism , such as the Los Alamos and Apollo moon landing projects .
The Soviets built the first experimental fusion reactor in the 1950s , and the technique remains the basis of current investment .
The ( Joint European Torus ) JET reactor in Culham , Oxfordshire was completed 25 years ago , and work is underway on ITER in Cadarache , France , a € 10bn facility , backed by six countries ( including China ) plus the EU .
The Czech Republic has a smaller - scale reactor , called Compass .
All use magnets to force a fusion of two hydrogen isotopes , deuterium and tritium , releasing enormous amounts of energy .
Eventually , it 's hoped , more than goes in .
ITER is designed to produce 500MW for 300 to 500 seconds with an input of 50MW .
" We 'll certainly have it in fifty years , " ITER 's Neil Calder told the Swiss Broadcasting Corporation last week .
But not if Greenpeace has its way .
Yes , the fuel for fusion is abundant , and far more productive than fossil fuel - one litre of seawater can produce as much as 30 litres of petrol .
It 's much safer than nuclear fission .
And it does n't release CO2 .
So what 's the problem ?
" Governments should not waste our money on a dangerous toy , " Jan Van de Putte of Greenpeace International said when ITER was announced in 2005 .
Van de Putte predicted it will never be efficient - so why bother ?
Spokesperson Bridget Woodman said : " Nuclear fusion has all the problems of nuclear power , including producing nuclear waste and the risks of a nuclear accident . "
( Which must break the record for the number of false and contradictory assertions you can cram into a 17 - word sentence .
But that 's par for the course these days .
When you hear a phrase like " sustainable energy " the opposite is usually intended - the speaker is referring to an energy source that wo n't sustain anything for very long or very reliably . )
Greenpeace began life as a citizens ' group devoted to fighting pollution and the whaling industry , but it 's now a powerful de-industrialisation lobby .
Its hostility to progress snags it well over $ 200 m income a year .
If a scientific breakthrough promises a better of quality of life , then the organisation is probably against it .
Two of Greenpeace 's co-founders , Patrick Moore and Paul Watson long since departed : Watson to run his own anti-whaling group and Moore criticising its anti-human , anti-development agenda .
" By the mid-1980s , the environmental movement had abandoned science and logic in favor of emotion and sensationalism , " Moore lamented .
Fusion seems to exemplify what Moore means : an anti-modernity superstition .
Greenpeace does n't understand what fusion is , but whatever it is it will be scary , it will be bad , and it must be stopped . ®
Chaaaaaang !
“ It ’s been a hard day ’s night .
And I ’ve been working like a dog ”
This first chord that starts A Hard Day ’s Night is one of the most recognizable and famous opening chords in rock and roll .
It ’s played by George Harrison on his 12 string Rickenbacker .
A hard Days Night
The other reason that it ’s famous is because for 40 years nobody knew for sure what it was .
Many guitar players have tried in vain to recreate the sound but have usually failed miserably .
Well , someone has figured it out definitively – not a musician , but a Dalhousie mathematician .
Four years ago , Jason Brown was inspired by reading news coverage about the song ’s 40th anniversary – so much so that he decided to try and see if he could apply a mathematical calculation known as Fourier transform to solve the Beatles riddle .
The process allowed him to break the sound into distinct frequencies using computer software to find out exactly which notes were on the record .
What he found was interesting : the frequencies he found did n’t match the instruments on the song .
George played a 12 - string Rickenbacker , John Lennon played his 6 string , Paul had his bass – none of them quite fit what he found .
He then realized what was missing – the 5th Beatle .
George Martin was also on the record , playing a piano in the opening chord , which accounted for the problematic frequencies .
The Beatles
I started playing guitar because I heard a Beatles record that was it for my piano lessons , says Brown .
I had tried to play the first chord of the song many takes over the years .
It sounds outlandish that someone could create a mystery around a chord from a time where artists used such simple recording techniques .
It ’s quite remarkable .
The Beatles producer added a piano chord that included an F note , impossible to play with the other notes on the guitar .
The resulting chord was completely different than anything found in songbooks and scores for the song , which is one reason why Dr. Brown ’s findings garnered international attention .
He laughs that he may be the only mathematician ever to be published in Guitar Player magazine .
Music and math are not really that far apart , he says .
They ’ve found that children that listen to music do better at math , because math and music both use the brain in similar ways .
The best music is analytical and pattern - filled and mathematics has a lot of aesthetics to it .
They complement each other well .
( comic courtesy of xkcd.com )
Hard Days Night Chord
So how was the chord played you ask ?
George Harrison was playing the following notes on his 12 string guitar : a2 , a3 , d3 , d4 , g3 , g4 , c4 , and another c4 ; Paul McCartney played a d3 on his bass ; producer George Martin was playing d3 , f3 , d5 , g5 , and e6 on the piano , while Lennon played a loud c5 on his six - string guitar .
Here is a Jason ’s findings ( PDF file ) .
Here is a really good discussion of the chord , what people thought it was , and what it really is .
It ’s a great article and a very interesting read .
Someone has also figured out the mystery behind Stevie Wonder ’s Clavinet parts on Superstition .
Check it out .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
REAL CONSERVATISM ….NRO ’s Andy McCarthy is seriously pissed that John McCain did n’t turn last night ’s debate into a slugfest over Obama ’s terrorist / socialist / UN loving ways .
Ross Douthat comments :
You know , part of me actually wishes that John McCain had started talking about Bill Ayers , the Annenberg Challenge , Rashid Khalidi , and how the Global Poverty Act will line the pockets of Hugo Chavez .
( Maybe in his answer to one of the questions about the economy — why not ? )
Because that way we would n’t have to hear — as we will hear , from McCarthy and others , for months and years to come — that the biggest problem with the McCain campaign was that it just was n’t willing to really takes the gloves off and call Barack Obama the terrorist sympathizer that he is .
Actually , it ’s worse than that .
If McCain loses , as he ’s almost certain to , we ’re going to see two reactions .
First , Steve Schmidt was n’t nasty enough .
In the future , Republicans need to return to their Lee Atwater roots and really teach Americans what liberal treachery is all about .
Second , we told you a RINO could n’t win .
The conservative base will be convinced for years that the big problem with McCain was that he was trying to be a pale shadow of liberal Democrats .
( Sarah Palin will be conveniently forgotten , or else finally seen for the tokenism she really is . )
The nation still hungers for genuine conservatism , they ’ll say , and they knew McCain was a phony all along .
If only the party had nominated a Romney or a Huckabee the public would have swarmed to their cause .
This is delusional , but it ’s probably good news for Democrats .
It means the GOP is going to be riven by factional warfare for years , with moderates unable to get a purchase on the party apparatus because of the McCain albatross hanging around their necks .
Eventually , like Britain ’s Labor Party in the 80s , they ’ll find their Tony Blair , but in the meantime they ’re likely to double down on the most strident possible social conservatism , convinced that the heartland will respond if only they regain the true faith .
Ronald Reagan , who was more pragmatic about these things than any of them ever give him credit for , will be rolling in his grave .
And Democrats , at least for a while , will go from strength to strength .
>>
The prototype of VGA video adapter >>
This is what it looks like on a VGA monitor ... >> ... and output on a TV set .
Background of the project .
Several months ago I tried to connect a microcontroller system to a VGA monitor to output data in the form of text .
I was surprised to find little on this subject on the internet , to assist me in achieving this goal .
Certainly nothing simple a beginner could find useful .
There are examples out there that utilise standards such as PC - 104 or complex FGPA implementations found at www.opencores.org.
Other solutions include graphic controllers from Fujitsu or even one local Russian person who was offering for sale a project for $ 5000 on ACEX .
These are fine but are little help to most hobbyists etc out there who wish to display text on a VGA or similar screen .
What I desired was a “ quick and dirty ” solution that did not cost too much .
Initial calculations showed that the the AVR 8 - bit microcontroller from ATMEL , with its 16 Mhz clock speed providing approximately 16 MIPS was a good candidate for further research .
Also note that newer AVRs such as the Mega48 , Mega88 and Mega168 will officially support clock rates upto 20 Mhz .
Therefore I concluded that with a clock of 16 Mhz I could achieve something in the order of 8
Mhz speed of data being transferred out of a port .
I also chose the AVR as I had already built up quite a body of experience with it and so I began work of the project .
After approximately two to three months of research , I present you the fruits of my labour !
The goal of the project :
The problem which I have set myself is simple enough to enumerate .
With commonly available microcontrollers like the Mega8 , Mega16 and similar , and with a minimum of external components I wanted a design that would be capable of displaying at least 15x15 characters on a VGA monitor using standard VGA frequencies .
The data itself is to be received by the microcontroller via its USART port .
All using a 16 Mhz clock for the AVR .
The given problem at present is solved successfully .
Moreover - the project is a little bit expanded and added by introduction of formation usual
Video monochrome ( PAL / SECAM ) a signal .
I.e. depending on position of a jumper type of formed video of signal VGA or Composite Video .
The initial goal has been achieved .
The project has expanded to include Monochomatic Video singal ( PAL / SECAM ) .
In my test set up a mere jumper determines whether the output is VGA or Composite Video .
>>
The schematic of VGA video adapter
Characteristics of the project :
VGA - terminal :
Quantity of symbols : 20 lines by 20 characters .
The resolution of a character matrix : 8x12 points
Supported code page : WIN 1251
Formed signal : VGA
The resolution : 640x480
Frequency of vertical synchronization : 60Hz
Speed of exchange UART 19200 bps
Video terminal :
Quantity of symbols : 20 lines by 38 characters .
The resolution of an individual character matrix : 8x12 points
Supported code page : WIN 1251
Formed signal : Composite Video ( PAL / SECAM )
Resolution : 625 lines ( interlaced )
Frequency of vertical synchronization : 50Hz
Speed of exchange UART 19200 bps
Type of the used microcontroller : Mega8 , Mega16 , Mega32 , Mega8535 , etc .
Clock frequency of the microcontroller standard - 16 Mhz .
Notes :
1 . To avoid distortion of the image , when receiving data through the UART , for VGA , it is recommended to make the data exchange with the terminal in approximately 300-600 us after a signal of vertical synchronization ( VSYNC ) .
2 . The available internal RAM of the Mega8535 ( only 512 bytes ) is not enough for the formation of a Video signal with a resolution of 38x20 symbols .
The program 's algorithm :
Explanations on work of the program :
The algorithm of rendering the image is traditional enough , the main know - how of the project is the bit - by - bit shifting of the image , utilising the SPI shift register SPDR via the MOSI pin .
Thus two jobs are performed at the same time , when the subsequent byte for rendering is sent , the previous byte is shifted out through the shift register ( SPI SPDR MOSI ) .
The differences between figures 2 & 3 demonstrate this .
Conclusion :
Given the project was written with WinAVR ( GCC ) , it is relatively easy to increase the resolution and / or frequencies used in creating the display images .
With the forthcoming availability of AVR microcontrollers such as the Mega48 , Mega88 and Mega168 officially supporting clock speeds of 20 Mhz it is possible to achieve resolutions of 20 lines by 25 - 30 characters .
This is possible using exactly the same circuitry .
If need be , the code can be ported to other families of modern RISC microcontrollers with only minimal changes to the code .
The main limitations are the need for at least 16 MIPS and a throughput via the SPI of not less than 8 megabits per second .
Applications of the adapter :
Applications of the project are not limited to only one terminal variant ( look demo in a folder examples ) - despite on serious congestion of the processor regeneration of the display
the remained capacity has enough for the organization of processing for example several digital and analog signals and reaction to them , and also delivery of results of their measurements on the display in real - time ( Security systems , Industrial automatics etc. ) .
The author has the improved variants of similar systems with the resolution of the symbolical display 40x24 symbols in mode VGA , working in commercial products .
You can freely use materials of this project for educational and noncommercial purposes .
All rights of this project are reserved by the author .
Any reprinting , publication , including on the Internet , or use in commercial projects or similar , of materials in this project is expressly prohibited and only available with the express written consent of the author .
Files :
Sources of the project , examples
This article on " PDF " format
Useful references :
Theory Video signal
Cornell University Electrical Engineering 476 - Generation of video signal on AVR
Theory VGA signal
Generation VGA signal on PIC
The further development of the project watch on http://www.vga-avr.narod.ru/
Contact with author at the e-mail : simple-vga@rambler.ru
Author Ibragimov Maxim Rafikovich Russia , Tolyatti 10/20/2005
ACLU highlights ' Constitution - Free Zone ' 100 miles from border Nick Juliano
Published : Wednesday October 22 , 2008
Print This Email This
This past summer , Craig Johnson joined dozens of other activists in a San Diego - area park to protest the expansion of a fence along the US - Mexico border .
An associate professor at Point Loma Nazarene University , Johnson says he took his two children , aged 8 and 10 , to Border Field State Park in Imperial Beach in June .
Scores of border patrol agents were on the scene , Johnson said , and some were recording license plate numbers from protesters ' cars parked a more than a mile away from the border .
It seems that Johnson 's participation in the anti-fence demonstration may have landed him on a government watch list that has inhibited his ability to travel freely between the US and Mexico .
A professor of Music , Johnson said he traveled to Tijuana about a week after the protest ; upon returning to the US , Johnson says he was handcuffed and arrested by customs agents after a listing associated with his name pegged him as armed and dangerous .
" I was thoroughly and aggressively searched .
...
Every inch and crack and crevice of my body was poked and prodded , " Johnson said .
" I was in complete bewilderment of what was going on ; I felt violated and frankly was embarrassed . "
Prior to that visit , Johnson said he had traveled regularly between the US and Mexico for a variety of reasons without facing any harassment .
After the June visit , Johnson said he did not cross the border again until October , when he decided to go simply to see whether he could re-enter the country easily .
He was subjected to the same harassment .
" It took me four months to return to Mexico , " he said .
" Not because I 'm afraid of traveling outside my own country , but rather because I 'm afraid of returning home . "
Johnson spoke Wednesday at a gathering organized by the American Civil Liberties Union , which is highlighting the extent to which the Department of Homeland Security is expanding the authority it claims at US border crossings to infringe upon Americans rights .
The ACLU says a " Constitution - free zone " exists within 100 miles of the US border , where DHS claims the authority to stop , search and detain anyone for any reason .
Nearly two - thirds of the US population lives within 100 miles of the border , according to the ACLU , and the border zone encompasses scores of major metropolitan areas and even entire states .
Customs and Border Patrol , a component of DHS , was authorized by Congress to operate within a " reasonable " distance of the border , and that distance has been set at 100 miles in regulations governing CBP , the ACLU says .
The authorization has been in place for decades , but complaints about abuses of the extended border zone began to ramp up as CBP was expanded and folded into DHS after 9/11 .
Also of concern , according to the group , is the border patrol 's use of massive databases and watch lists to screen travelers .
Much remains unknown about how those lists are compiled and it is exceedingly difficult for a person to be removed from the list once he or she is added to it .
ACLU affiliates around the country have fielded dozens of calls from people claiming they were harassed by border agents , and the group believes there are untold numbers of other victims who are afraid to come forward .
No lawsuits have yet been filed against DHS or CBP , but the ACLU says its attorneys in border states are preparing cases .
" Part of what we 're trying to do is to draw our own line in the sand here and say this has to stop , " Barry Steinhardt , director of the ACLU 's Technology and Liberty Program , said Wednesday .
" We cannot determine two - thirds of America as a Constitution free zone . "
DHS 33 " interior checkpoints " that are monitored by the border patrol , according to a 2005 Government Accountability Office report .
The ACLU assumes more checkpoints have been established since then , and group affiliates have complained about checkpoints as far as 93 miles from the border .
ACLU lobbyists are working with members of Congress to rein in DHS 's border authority .
Caroline Fredrickson , the group 's chief legislative counsel , praised a measure introduced by Sen.
Russ Feingold and others to ban suspicionless laptop searches at the border .
" We need to restore the Constitution to the Constitution - free zone , " Fredrickson said .
Wednesday 's event also featured a video testimonial from Vince Peppard , another San Diegoan who faced trouble from border agents .
Peppard said he was stopped at least 20 miles inside the border on a return trip from Mexico .
He refused to open his trunk " on a matter of principle " and was detained for about 30 minutes .
" I did n't feel like I was in the United States , " he says .
" I felt like I was in some kind of police state . "
The ACLU posted a video of Peppard on YouTube :
The quality of New Zealand men's sperm has halved in two decades - the most dramatic drop of any western country .
New research presented to a gathering of international fertility researchers in Brisbane today was told that the sperm volume carried by the average New Zealand man decreased from about 110 million to 50 million per millilitre between 1987 and 2007 .
" It 's rather dramatic indeed , and one of the largest seen in studies in other parts of the world , " said lead researcher Dr John Peek , of Fertility Associates in Auckland .
Wiltshire Heritage Museum director David Dawson said : " We think he recognized what they were but then he died and they were rescued by his successor Professor John Evans who put them in a drawer in his desk .
Professor Evans died in 2005 and the gold studs have now been found by Niall Sharples , who is going to return them to us . "
IF ALL Sydney 's car commuters stopped their vehicles two kilometres away from work today , got out and walked the rest of the way , the city would be spared 1200 tonnes of carbon emissions .
If they did the same thing every working day for a year , the reduction would be 312,000 tonnes .
It may be naive to think 1.2 million Sydneysiders would ditch their cars for climate change , but thousands will begin that journey with a single step today .
From the Times …
Despite signals that Senator John McCain would have new prescriptions for the economic crisis after a weekend of meetings , his campaign said Sunday that Mr. McCain , the Republican presidential nominee , would not have any more proposals this week unless developments call for some .
The signs of internal confusion came as the campaign was under pressure from state party leaders to sharpen his message on the economy and at least blunt the advantage that Democrats traditionally have on the issue in hard times .
Republicans have grown fretful as Senator Barack Obama , the Democratic presidential nominee , has edged ahead in polls three weeks before the election , while Mr. McCain has veered between ill - received economic plans and attacks on Mr. Obama ’s character .
In case you missed it , while the bold new plan was still coming , the Politico got suckered into headline claiming that capital gains and dividend tax cuts were “ aimed directly at the middle class . ”
Also , I do n’t know if Jackie Calmes was having some fun with her wording .
But assuming that ’s a faithful portrayal of the McCain line , “ unless developments call for some ” ?
I ’d say we ’re already there , no ?
( ed.note :
As I frequently tell colleagues when we ’re working on political stories , you must always keep in mind to some degree that the losing campaign can’t help but seem poorly run and erratic .
After all , consistency of message strategy comes pretty easily when you ’re winning .
When you ’re behind , by definition , something ’s wrong .
And so a sputtering campaign often has little choice but to riff from one thing to next hoping that something will work .
Even by those very generous standards , though , this is pretty lame . )
Vertical Doors , Inc. 542 3rd St. Lake Elsinore CA 92530
Sales and Installation 1.951.245.8669 542 3rd St. Lake Elsinore CA 92530
The only USA manufacturer of Vertical Doors Conversion Kits ( AKA Lambo Doors ) .
Vertical Doors Inc. is the premier manufacture of bolt - on Lamborghini door conversion kits for cars and trucks .
We have been at it for over a decade .
There is no comparison to our product .
We refuse to sacrifice quality in order to cut costs .
We are the only USA manufacture of Lamborghini door conversion kits .
We are committed to bringing you the best Lambo door experience possible so that your vehicle can stand out from the rest and you can enjoy using our product every single day .
Our friendly and knowledgeable sales reps are here 8 - 5 Monday - Friday to answer any questions you have from install / technical to sales related inquiries .
We do n't just do doors either .
Ask us how we can become your one stop shop for all the customizing you want .
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - Grapes helped lower blood pressure and improve heart function in lab rats fed an otherwise salty diet , U.S. researchers said on Wednesday .
A woman cuts a bunch of grapes during a harvest near the Georgian town of Sagarejo , some 50 km ( 31 miles ) east of Tbilisi , October 3 , 2008 .
REUTERS / David Mdzinarishvili
The findings , published in the Journal of Gerontology : Biological Sciences , may help people with high blood pressure , they said .
“ These findings support our theory that something within the grapes themselves has a direct impact on cardiovascular risk , beyond the simple blood pressure - lowering impact that we already know can come from a diet rich in fruits and vegetables , ” Mitchell Seymour of the Cardioprotection Research Laboratory at the University of Michigan said in a statement .
In a study sponsored in part by California grape producers , Seymour and colleagues examined the effects of ordinary grapes on rats that develop high blood pressure when fed a salty diet .
Some of the rats ate a diet containing a powder from red , green and purple table grapes and a high - salt diet .
Others were fed the grape powder and a low - salt diet .
The powder , which contained the same nutrients in fresh grapes , allowed the scientists to measure the rats ’ intake carefully .
After 18 weeks , the rats that ate the grape - enriched diet had lower blood pressure , better heart function , reduced inflammation throughout their bodies , and fewer signs of heart muscle damage than rats that ate a salty diet but no grapes .
“ The inevitable downhill sequence to hypertension and heart failure was changed by the addition of grape powder to a high - salt diet , ” Dr. Steven Bolling of the University of Michigan , who heads up the lab , said in a statement .
Bolling said he thinks flavonoids , beneficial chemicals found in grapes , green tea , cocoa and tomatoes , could be having an effect on blood pressure .
Flavonoids have been shown in other studies to have heart - health benefits .
Food producers are keen to show the health benefits of their products .
Studies sponsored by chocolate makers , almond and walnut producers have shown various heart benefits , including reducing inflammation in blood vessels and lowering the risk of heart attacks and stroke .
Grape powder comprised about three percent of the rats ’ diet .
For humans , that would be about nine servings of grapes a day .
One serving is about 15 grapes .
The California Table Grape Commission provided financial support for the study and supplied the grape powder .
Other sponsors included the National Heart , Lung and Blood Institute , part of the National Institutes of Health .
High blood pressure , also known as hypertension , can lead to heart attack , heart failure , stroke and kidney failure .
Description :
Book by Dr. Bob Altemyer describing characteristics and behaviors of Authoritation followers , leaders , and social dominators .
Written for a general audience .
From Dr. Bob Altemyer at http://www.TheAuthoritarians.com :
" OK , what ’s this book about ?
It ’s about what ’s happened to the American government lately .
It ’s about the disastrous decisions that government has made .
It ’s about the corruption that rotted the Congress .
It ’s about how traditional conservatism has nearly been destroyed by authoritarianism .
It ’s about how the “ Religious Right ” teamed up with amoral authoritarian leaders to push its un-democratic agenda onto the country .
It ’s about the United States standing at the crossroads as the next federal election approaches .
“ Well , ” you might be thinking , “ I do n’t believe any of this is true . ”
Or maybe you ’re thinking , “ What else is new ?
I ’ve believed this for years . ”
Why should a conservative , moderate , or liberal bother with this book ?
Why should any Republican , Independent , or Democrat click the “ Introduction ” link on this page ?
Because if you do , you ’ll begin an easy - ride journey through some relevant scientific studies I have done on authoritarian personalities -- one that will take you a heck of a lot less time than the decades it took me .
Those studies have a direct bearing on all the topics mentioned above .
So if you think the first paragraph is a lot of hokum , or full of half - truths , I invite you to look at the research .
For example , take the following statement : “ Once our government leaders and the authorities condemn the dangerous elements in our society , it will be the duty of every patriotic citizen to help stomp out the rot that is poisoning our country from within . ”
Sounds like something Hitler would say , right ?
Want to guess how many politicians , how many lawmakers in the United States agreed with it ?
Want to guess what they had in common ?
Or how about a government program that persecutes political parties , or minorities , or journalists the authorities do not like , by putting them in jail , even torturing and killing them .
Nobody would approve of that , right ?
Guess again .
Do n’t think for a minute this does n’t concern you personally .
Let me ask you , as we ’re passing the time here , how many ordinary people do you think an evil authority would have to order to kill you before he found someone who would , unjustly , out of sheer obedience , just because the authority said to ?
What sort of person is most likely to follow such an order ?
What kind of official is most likely to give that order , if it suited his purposes ?
Look at what experiments tell us , as I did .
If , on the other hand , you ’re way ahead of me , and believe the extreme right - wing elements in America are poised to take it over , permanently , I think you can still get a lot from this book .
The studies explain so much about these people .
Yes , the research shows they are very aggressive , but why are they so hostile ?
Yes , experiments show they are almost totally uninfluenced by reasoning and evidence , but why are they so dogmatic ?
Yes , studies show the Religious Right has more than its fair share of hypocrites , from top to bottom ; but why are they two - faced , and how come one face never notices the other ?
Yes , their leaders can give the flimsiest of excuses and even outright lies about things they ’ve done wrong , but why do the rank - and - file believe them ?
What happens when authoritarian followers find the authoritarian leaders they crave and start marching together ?
I think you ’ll find this book “ explains a lot . ”
Many scattered impressions about the enemies of freedom and equality become solidified by science and coherently connected here .
You think I ’m pulling your leg ?
Push the button . "
( CNN ) -- Pennsylvania 's Democratic governor , Ed Rendell , is leading a final push to win votes in his state for his party 's presidential nominee , Sen. Barack Obama .
Gov. Ed Rendell says he wants to deliver Pennsylvania for Democrat Barack Obama .
Obama has a double - digit lead in some polls in Pennsylvania , a state both Obama and Republican nominee John McCain see as essential to winning the White House .
Rendell is urging Obama to continue making campaign appearances there .
Rendell talked about the race Thursday on CNN's " American Morning . "
CNN : There are some polls that show Barack Obama with a 13 - point lead in your state .
Yet you said you 're nervous about Pennsylvania , urging Obama to return there and do some campaigning .
What are your concerns 12 days out ?
Watch McCain and Obama turn up the heat »
Rendell : Number one , [ Obama 's lead in different polls goes ] from a low of five to a high of 13 .
Who knows which is right ?
That 's number one .
Number two , Sen. McCain and [ Alaska Gov. Sarah ]
Palin have literally camped out here .
They are helping the Pennsylvania economy tremendously by coming in with all you media folks , certainly helping our drink tax if nothing else .
They are here all the time .
They are here all the time .
And people are beginning to notice that .
Look , we know that Sen.
Obama went to the states that had early voting .
We 're one of seven states that do n't have any early voting at all .
We understand , and they are running a great campaign nationally .
Of course you 're always nervous .
This is a key state .
I want to deliver for Sen. Obama .
I 've grown to think he 's going to be a tremendous leader for this country , and we do n't want to take any chances .
And he 's so popular when he comes in , he turns undecided voters who listen to him , listen to his economic plan , and we want to nail this thing down .
We 're always nervous .
CNN : Congressman John Murtha recently got in hot water for saying parts of your state have a history of " redneck " attitudes .
Could parts of Pennsylvania be vulnerable to not voting for Obama , choosing McCain because of race ?
Rendell : I think race , if it is a factor at all , is trumped by the bad economy .
People are scared .
They are worried about their pocketbook , their budget and they are looking for someone who will give them help .
If you 're a senior citizen , I do n't care what your views are , when you hear that John McCain wants to take money out of Medicare -- over a trillion dollars to help finance his health plan , which means benefits would be cut and premiums would go up -- you 're going to vote on that , you 're not going to vote on any other factor .
If you 've lost your job or lost your health care , you 're looking for someone who has the best plan .
I think Pennsylvanians , like others across the country , have been reassured over these last five or six weeks that Barack Obama knows what he 's doing and has good ideas , and that John McCain really , as he said himself , does n't know anything about the economy .
CNN : We have run a fact check on that Medicare point , and McCain said he 's not taking money away from seniors that are currently getting Medicare .
He says that 's not happening .
Rendell :
It 's certainly going to happen to people like me , seniors - to - be .
There 's no question about that .
His health plan is a bad idea to begin with .
And what about privatizing Social Security ?
Seniors have to worry about that and people , again , who are looking at becoming seniors have to worry about that .
And that trumps any concern about ethnic background or where you are from or where you went to school .
People are really worried right now and they are concentrating on real issues , and when they concentrate on real issues we win .
CNN : Obama 's running mate , Sen .
Joe Biden , said Obama was likely to be tested by an international crisis early in his administration .
What do you make of Biden 's remarks and are they a distraction to the Obama campaign ?
Rendell : Again , I think everyone is focusing on taking certain things out of context .
What Joe Biden did is he set up a problem -- and it's true the next administration , whether it 's McCain or Obama , will be tested early -- and then he said -- and you all are leaving it out -- Barack Obama is ready , he 's got a spine of steel .
And by the way , the American people can make that judgment themselves .
They 've seen three debates now .
They 've seen Barack Obama tested on foreign policy questions .
I think they 've concluded he 's smart , he 's knowledgeable , he 's poised , calm and collected .
He does n't fly off the handle , he does n't get angry , he gets the facts right .
I think he's the type of leader we need , and I think most Americans have concluded that .
All About Edward Rendell • Pennsylvania • U.S. Presidential Election
Feature trailer for Watchmen :
A complex , multi-layered mystery adventure , Watchmen is set in an alternate 1985 America in which costumed superheroes are part of the fabric of everyday society , and the " Doomsday Clock " - which charts the USA 's tension with the Soviet Union - is permanently set at five minutes to midnight .
When one of his former colleagues is murdered , the washed - up but no less determined masked vigilante Rorschach sets out to uncover a plot to kill and discredit all past and present superheroes .
As he reconnects with his former crime - fighting legion - a ragtag group of retired superheroes , only one of whom has true powers - Rorschach glimpses a wide - ranging and disturbing conspiracy with links to their shared past and catastrophic consequences for the future .
Their mission is to watch over humanity ... but who is watching the Watchmen ?
On Saturdays , we ask the people behind some of our favorite websites to fill in for us .
You get to learn about an awesome site you may not have heard of , and we get to watch cartoons in our boxers .
Today we 're bringing you the truth behind some sex ideas that sound great , but are actually terrible , from Philalawyer.net .
If you 're like me , and I think you are , seeing as we both share an affinity for the internet , you 're probably bored with all the constant sex you 're having .
Even when it's with another person .
It 's always the same - the missionary , the dog style , that thing where you put the Saran Wrap over her face .
You find yourself thinking , " There 's got to be more than this , some new ideas to spice things up . "
There are , but it 's not all good ...
Advertisement
7 Filming It We 're both putting on the just - out - college - in - first - job twenty five .
I barely fit in my Dockers and have an impressive set of B - cup man-breasts .
Your ass is expanding faster than the Chinese economy , and you 're really insecure about it .
Let 's film ourselves fucking .
We 'll do it on the futon , in your efficiency unit .
You have fluorescent reading lights next to your bed , right ?
I want to make sure we get all my backne , and those hairy moles on your thigh .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement Problem No. 1 : She never wants to have sex again .
Problem No. 2 : That 's fine with you .
6 Mutual Masturbation
I 'm naked , you 're naked , and we both want to get off .
Here 's a thought ...
Why do n't we do exactly what we would if neither one of us could get laid ?
In front of each other .
Problem No. 1 : Ever jerk off in the mirror ?
Yeah , it 's that ugly .
Problem No. 2 : She 's competitive .
Problem No. 3 : Continue Reading Below Advertisement
She 's never going to win .
5 The " Facial " I 'm plowing away on your pelvis , giving you the old " white man 's jackhammer . "
You 're numb , analyzing the stucco on the ceiling and waiting for me to finish .
What do you say I pull out just when I 'm ready , straddle you and jerk off on your face ?
" It 's really sexy ...
Lots of women love it . "
Problem No. 1 : Explaining where you got the idea .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement Problem No. 2 : Using " the internet " or " Ron Jeremy " in that discussion .
Problem No. 3 : Having to finish yourself off on the couch watching Skinemax .
Possible Weapon Found in Hudson Murder Case
Police found a .45 caliber weapon yesterday in an abandoned lot , a block away from where the vehicle was found that held the body of 7 year old
The task of finding the weapon was a high priority for 100 personnel of the Chicago Police department .
The weapon that has been recovered is believed to have been used in all three murders .
William Balfour , the alleged killer of Darnell Donerson , Jason Hudson and Julian King , has stopped cooperating with police .
This came after he was asked to take a polygraph test .
Balfour is being held on a probation violation at this time but is the top suspect in this case .
Justice will prevail for the Hudson family and we wish them peace during this horrible time .
Photos and a full story available here .
LOS ANGELES , California ( CNN ) -- Michael Crichton , who helped create the TV show " ER " and wrote the best - sellers " Jurassic Park , " " The Andromeda Strain , " " Sphere " and " Rising Sun , " has died in Los Angeles , his public relations firm said in a news release .
Michael Crichton , here in 2005 , was a director and best - selling author .
He co-created the TV series " ER . "
Crichton died unexpectedly Tuesday " after a courageous and private battle against cancer , " the release said .
He was 66 .
Crichton , a medical doctor , was attracted to cautionary science tales .
Watch more about the life of Crichton »
" Jurassic Park " -- perhaps his best - known work -- concerned capturing the DNA of dinosaurs and bringing them to life on a modern island , where they soon run amok ; " The Andromeda Strain , " his first major fiction success , involves an alien microorganism that 's studied in a special military compound after causing death in a nearby community .
Crichton also invited controversy with some of his scientific views .
He was an avowed skeptic of global climate change , giving lectures warning against " consensus science . "
He later took on global warming and the theories surrounding it in his 2004 novel , " State of Fear , " which attracted attacks in its own right from scientists , including NASA climatologist James Hansen .
iReport.com :
Were you a fan ?
Share your tributes .
Crichton was a distinctive figure in the entertainment business , a trained physician whose interests included writing , filmmaking and television .
( He was physically distinctive as well , standing 6 feet 9 inches . )
He published " The Andromeda Strain " while he was still a medical student at Harvard Medical School .
He wrote a story about a 19th - century train robbery , called " The Great Train Robbery , " and then directed the 1979 film version .
He also directed several other films , including " Westworld " ( 1973 ) , " Coma " ( 1978 ) , " Looker " ( 1981 ) and " Runaway " ( 1984 ) .
In 1993 , while working on the film version of " Jurassic Park " with Steven Spielberg , he teamed with the director to create " ER . "
The NBC series set in a Chicago emergency room debuted in 1994 and became a huge hit , making a star of George Clooney .
Crichton originally wrote the script for the pilot in 1974 .
" Michael 's talent out - scaled even his own dinosaurs of ' Jurassic Park , ' " said Spielberg , a friend of Crichton 's for 40 years , according to The Associated Press .
" He was the greatest at blending science with big theatrical concepts , which is what gave credibility to dinosaurs again walking the Earth .
... Michael was a gentle soul who reserved his flamboyant side for his novels .
There is no one in the wings that will ever take his place . "
Crichton was " an extraordinary man .
Brilliant , funny , erudite , gracious , exceptionally inquisitive and always thoughtful , " " ER " executive producer John Wells told the AP .
" No lunch with Michael lasted less than three hours and no subject was too prosaic or obscure to attract his interest .
Sexual politics , medical and scientific ethics , anthropology , archaeology , economics , astronomy , astrology , quantum physics , and molecular biology were all regular topics of conversation . "
Michael Crichton was born in Chicago in 1942 and grew up in New York 's suburbs .
His father was a journalist and Michael loved the writing profession .
He went to medical school partly out of a concern he would n't be able to make writing a career , but the success of " The Andromeda Strain " in 1969 -- the book was chosen by the Book - of - the - Month Club and optioned by Hollywood -- made him change his mind , though he still had an M.D .
Though most of Crichton 's books were major best - sellers involving science , he could ruffle feathers when he took on social issues .
" Rising Sun " ( 1992 ) came out during a time when Americans feared Japanese ascendance , particularly when it came to technology .
" Disclosure " ( 1994 ) was about a sexual harassment case .
iReport.com : How did Crichton 's work affect you ?
Share your tributes
Crichton won an Emmy , a Peabody , a Writers Guild of America Award for " ER , " and won other awards as well .
" Through his books , Michael Crichton served as an inspiration to students of all ages , challenged scientists in many fields , and illuminated the mysteries of the world in a way we could all understand , " the news release said .
Crichton was married five times and had one child .
A private funeral service is expected .
All About Michael Crichton • Obituaries • Steven Spielberg
• " If you throw an apple to a group of turkeys , they 'll play with it together .
Kind of like football . " ( upc-online.org/turkeys )
• Among the queries purportedly fielded by Butterball 's Turkey Talk - Line : Can you pop popcorn in the turkey 's cavity ?
And is it true you can tell the turkey 's done when the popcorn pops and blows the bird 's rear off ?
( snopes.com/holidays )
• Gravy can cause pancreatitis in cats and dogs .
( peteducation.com )
• 100 grams of Swiss cheese contains more of the " natural sedative " tryptophan than 100 grams of turkey does .
( eatturkey.com )
• A nervous disorder called " tetanic torticollar spasms " can cause turkeys to stare at the sky " for 30 seconds or more at a time . "
However , scientists dismiss as myth the notion that turkeys can drown that way .
( science.howstuffworks.com )
• Frustrated by his inability to get his hands on the wishbone at family Thanksgiving dinners , Seattle businessman Ken Ahroni founded Lucky Break , a company that sells breakable plastic wishbones .
( luckybreakwishbone.com )
• In earlier times , an older girl might be described as " some pumpkin , " meaning " something special . "
( Food : A Dictionary of Literal and Nonliteral Terms , Robert A. Palmatier )
• Babies as young as five months can distinguish an upbeat tune from a gloomy one .
( scientificblogging.com )
• The phrase " thank you " has been traced to around 1400 .
The phrase " thanks for nothing " dates to 1703 . ( etymonline.com )
• Wednesday is National Grouch Day .
" A Grouch 's mission in life is to be as miserable and grouchy as possible , and pass that feeling on to everyone else .
Only then will a Grouch feel in touch with his or her world and be happy . " ( muppet.wikia.com/wiki/National_Grouch_Day )
An electronic diary , often daily , of her journey through Europe reveals an intelligent young woman , moved by what she is seeing and engaging , for the first time , in the big , wide world as an adult .
It sheds a very different light from the one cast in recent days about supposed nights of binge - drinking and accusations of promiscuity .
As police attention swirled around Dubrovnik hostel manager Ivica Perkovic , he told the national daily , Jutarnji List , that none of the friends Britt Lapthorne was " travelling or partying with cared that she did not show up the morning afterwards in the hostel " , and that " they thought she was that kind of person . . . you do n't need to worry if she did n't turn up in the morning " .
Perkovic says his family had wanted to help and had asked other hotels she had visited about her : " They said that she was a very kind person , polite . . . maybe too open a person and also promiscuous . "
On the latter , her family , friends and her own diary indicate otherwise .
The photographs may show long nights of revelry , but that 's the life of a twentysomething backpacker from any nation .
Clubs , new friendships , late nights , booze .
Yes , it 's all there .
But the days were something entirely different .
They were full days , energetic days , they often covered huge distances and a number of countries in minuscule time frames .
Money was tight , phone calls home were always prefaced with " call me back " to keep a check on her mobile credit .
But always , Lapthorne seemed to have good days .
" Britt is in Viennnaaaaa ! " she wrote gleefully on September 4 .
The next day , she has already travelled 300 kilometres south and is splashing , kayaking and swimming in the bright blue waters of Lake Bled across the border in Slovenia : " Britt is in the best place she 's seen in a while , " she writes at 8.30 that night .
The next day it is a few hours of rafting before a bus to Ljubljana , 80 kilometres south .
On the 9th , she has already made it into Zagreb in Croatia .
On the 11th in Sarajevo in Bosnia , she exhibited an unusual flutter of nerves , a sign her parents said last week that showed she was careful and savvy about her safety .
Her plans still up in the air , she wrote to her boyfriend , Simon Imberger : " Hey , just arrived in Sarajevo .
So tired , took so long to get here on a dodgy , scary train ... aaaahhh .. but it was really OK !
Just glad I made it ! "
Not long afterwards , she was wondering where to go next : Croatia or Montenegro .
" Not too sure which one yet , just take it as it comes . "
A flurry of photos followed : a birthday party in Sarajevo , the classic touristy shots around the streets of Ljubljana , all shot with her Canon PowerShot G9 , which remains missing .
What secrets could it reveal now ?
Climbing on a mountain waterfall , a few nights of beer , new mates and frivolity and a three days later she is in Mostar , the biggest city in Herzegovina .
" Drinking yummy coffee and never eating brains again , " she laughs .
That Monday , September 15 , seemed special , waterlogged but it is high summer on the Dalmatian coast and the sunshine is hot , the seas and lakes cool : " Britt had the best day , " she writes .
" Jumping off cliffs into water , swimming under waterfalls and getting soaked in the rain . "
In a message to her university friend Kate Houlihan , Lapthorne describes Mostar as " one of the best places I have been " .
It is in the picturesque city that she also meets Melburnian Brad Anderson who warns her about bad experiences he and others had had on the Croatian coast .
" We found the locals to be pretty unhospitable and we gave her a bit of a heads - up .
We know of one person who woke up in a car ( on a Croatian island ) and did n't know where she was or how she 'd got there , " Anderson told The Age from London .
In turn , Lapthorne shared with him the story about her scary train ride in the Balkans where she did not feel safe with people coming through her compartment .
" She ( Britt ) had been travelling by herself and that part of Europe is not the safest area , so she was fairly wary and knew what to look out for , " Anderson says .
" She was definitely switched on . "
It 's a view supported by other friends and family .
On her Facebook site Lapthorne writes that she could happily spend a few weeks in Mostar but southern Italy beckons still .
She seeks information from a friend on a wall posting and after being told the best way across to the Adriatic coast of Italy is via the town of Split , she declares she is " off to Dubrovnik , Croatia ! " as it is on the way .
It is 9 am on September 16 .
By the time she arrives around 6 pm on September 17 there are several messages waiting from friends on Facebook .
" Well done Britt on posting heaps of pics of your travels , ur a very good traveller .
Looks like ur having an awesome time ! " says one mate .
" Missing you and getting greener with envy from all of your photos !
Having fun ?
What 's the plan for the next few weeks ? " asks another .
The 21 - year - old never replied .
" Britt is in Dubrovnik , Croatia ! " is her last post at 7.06 pm .
Chances are , that post was made from the hostel in Babin Kuk where she and at least eight other travellers were staying on a hill above the old town .
Accounts by her fellow backpackers , as well as the testimony of the hostel owner , Milka Perkovic and her son , Ivica , show that the children cooked dinner , watched DVDs in the common room and at around midnight , headed off to the Latino Club Fuego just outside the Pile Gate of the citadel .
Britt Lapthorne 's roommate , a Russian girl who did not go out with the group , says she has only just heard she is missing .
She remembers waking up to see Lapthorne had n't returned but assumed it had been a long night .
Witnesses have placed her inside Club Fuego in the early hours of the Wednesday morning .
A bouncer saw the young woman leave the club with five women and two men .
Since then , there has been nothing , just a cold , frightening silence .
In Kate Houlihan 's mind , there was no way her cautious friend would have got into a car with five women and two men , as some witnesses had suggested .
" Even when she does drink she is always in control .
She 's not that type of girl , she 's got a boyfriend .
I find it very unconvincing that she would have got into a car with somebody she did n't know , " Houlihan says .
" If that 's the case , there must have been some pressure . "
SIMON Imberger had not heard from his girlfriend for 10 days when he messaged on September 21 : " Hey Bee !
Hope Dubtown 's still rockin ' & the bugs are n't as big .
Keep laughing Tripthorne ! xOx " Lapthorne had been gone already for four days .
But Imberger and her family would not realise the dire situation for another four .
At the hostel , by day two , anxiety was mounting .
Milka Perkovic told The Age that on the second night , she awoke at around 2 am to check if Lapthorne was back .
Her passport was in the safe at the hostel , her mobile phone and personal belongings were still there .
Still , she was a traveller , having fun , she could have met a boy , be off somewhere : " My son said she is just a crazy kid , she will be back do n't worry . "
Back in Australia , Lapthorne 's regular phone calls had stopped .
And her travelogue too .
Her mother Elke Lapthorne 's antennae started to respond to an anxiety : she wrote on September 22 : " Hi Britt , missing your travelogue !
Elke xxx . "
Meanwhile her friend , Tara Reynolds , who has managed the website set up to trace travellers who may have information and now has 15,000 members , was also bewildered by the sudden silence : " Hi ya darling !!!
Whats news !!!
Still in Dubrovnik ???
I plan to go next year so give me all the details .
( OK ... not ALL , but is it a cool place to visit !!!??? ) ciao4now ! "
The following day , the penny seemed to have dropped : On September 24 , Simon Imberger wrote : " PLEASE CONTACT ELKE LAPTHORNE or SIMON IMBERGER IF ANYONE HAS HEARD FROM BRITT LAPTHORNE !!!!
VERY URGENT !!! "
Lapthorne 's dad , Dale , says his daughter was a seasoned traveller but that this journey was one that was about more , much more than just partying .
" She is of German extraction , her mum , Elke ... Britt said she wanted to see Auschwitz , I think that showed a great strength of character , " he said .
" She wanted to understand suffering , to see and really get a feeling for the places she was going .
In Bosnia she said she wanted to understand what had happened there . "
Imberger , 33 , is adamant that Lapthorne was " conservative as " when it came to drinking .
She was doing , he says , what so many young people want to do at her age - explore the world , see new places , adventure , really experience life .
Reynolds says Lapthorne 's choice of friends - older than her - " said a lot about her , more than that other stuff that has been said " .
Dale Lapthorne and his son , Darren , are trying to hold up in the face of unimaginable frustration and silence .
They are hammering away , asking questions , ruffling official feathers in Dubrovnik , demanding attention and refusing to simply give up .
Last night , asked how he felt inside , he said his calm demeanour was show : " I 'm shaking like a leaf .
It is gut wrenching , every day .
But there is no point in us falling in a hole .
We just have to go on , for Britt . " with Selma Milovanovic
Welcome to CandyVote.com -
The results are in !
If you can't watch the video , scroll to the bottom for poll results in text form
Candy Voting Results from Candy Vote on Vimeo .
Zany media coverage
Moey on XM Satellite Radio POTUS '08 listen here , XM Kids listen here , Atlanta Journal & Constitution , the AJC's Peach Buzz , and lots of cool blogs like Decatur Metro and inDecatur .
Moey was on CNN in a segment by Jeanne Moos ( about halfway through clip ) .
[ CLIP MISSING ]
Moey was on a segment on CNN's News to Me on Saturday at 7:30 pm EST .
[ CLIP MISSING ]
Moey on 11 Alive news * here 's the web story
11 alive - candyvote - story from Candy Vote on Vimeo .
* By the way , we did not count the pet votes
Sat Morning , Moey was LIVE on CNN Saturday Morning :
Moey 's appearance on CNN Saturday Morning made the website headline list , and somehow qualified for CNN Shirts .
Thanks to everyone for their support .
We 're having a lot of fun with this !
Checkout some of Moey 's previous costumes .
Contact via email .
* Polling results are not scientific and represent the number of houses we hit in Decatur before the candy gets too heavy , or the costume falls apart .
The Results :
Obama : 111 pieces of candy
McCain : 27 pieces of candy
Barr : 1 piece of candy
After my last article on Bash prompts , I was challenged to implement a feature under zsh of showing the current command in the xterm window ’s title bar .
In this article I show you how I did it .
The Challenge
Shortly after posting a link to my previous article on bash prompts I recieved the following email from Ralph Aichinger :
Hello David !
I just saw your bash prompt tutorial linked from your blog .
As you are obviously some kind of bash - prompt - expert ; ) one question :
Is it possible to get the name of the currently running command into the xterm title in bash ?
I am currently using zsh and the following snippet to do this ( found that somewhere IIRC ) . if [ " $ SHELL " = ' /usr / bin/zsh ' ] then case $ TERM in rxvt| * term ) precmd ( ) { print - Pn " \e]0 ; %m : % ~\a " } preexec ( ) { print - Pn " \e ] 0 ; $ 1\a " } ; ; esac fi I would love to go back to bash for various reasons , but this feature is really nice , and I did not find a way to emulate it in bash yet , or only half ( zsh updates the name while the command is running ) .
Thanks , / ralph
Never one to ignore a challenge , I started digging through the documentation
While reading through some of the documentation for writing the previous article I had seen references to $ PROMPT_COMMAND , which gets run just before every prompt is displayed .
I thought I would start by reading the man page to see if there was something that was run just before each command was run .
In the list of special variables that bahs produces , I discovered $ BASH_COMMAND , which according to the manpage is set to :
The command currently being executed or about to be executed , unless the shell is executing a command as the result of a trap , in which case it is the command executing at the time of the trap .
which sounded exactly like what I needed for finding out the running command .
A little experimenting resulted in not finding anything particularly more useful than a rather short quine :
beebo david % echo $ BASH_COMMAND echo $ BASH_COMMAND beebo david % true && echo $ BASH_COMMAND echo $ BASH_COMMAND
Argh , I ca n’t even use it in a compound statement .
This was getting me nowhere .
There was nothing for it ; I was going to have to carry on my search for a way to run a command before each command .
Running a command before each command
So , what were my options .
I could run a command after command , but by then it was too late to display in the title bar .
Hmm what about $ PS4 .
That is displayed before each command as it ’s being run .
Perhaps I could use that to set the titlebar and turn on set -x .
Argh no , that wo n’t work because after printing out PS4 it displays the command too .
That would cause too much output .
Lets read that bit about BASH_PROMPT again .
“ The command currently being executed or about to be executed , unless the shell is executing a command as the result of a trap , in which case it is the command executing at the time of the trap . ”
Hold on .
Say that last bit again . ” unless the shell is executing a command as the result of a trap , in which case it is the command executing at the time of the trap . ” .
A ha .
Maybe there is a trap we could use .
I knew that there were some pseudo - signals from my article on robust shell scripts .
If there was one for the program exiting , maybe there was one when a command was about to be executed .
So back to the manpage I went and read up on the trap builtin and found :
If a sigspec is DEBUG , the command arg is executed before every simple command , for command , case command , select command , every arithmetic for command , and before the first command executes in a shell function ( see SHELL GRAMMAR above ) .
Excellent , I had it .
Two minutes later I had :
trap ' echo -e " \e ] 0 ; " ; echo -n $ BASH_COMMAND ; echo -ne " \007 " ' DEBUG
It worked .
I was setting the xterm titlebar .
Challenge over .
Well almost .
Little niggles
Two little problem left to fix .
The first was that DEBUG trap does n’t does n’t get executed in subshells .
Searching the manpage for DEBUG found me the set - T ( or the more readable version set -o functrace ) which sounded perfect :
If set , any traps on DEBUG and RETURN are inherited by shell functions , command substitutions , and commands executed in a subshell environment .
The DEBUG and RETURN traps are normally not inherited in such cases .
The second problem was that the title did n’t change after the command had finished .
Fortunately this was easily fixed .
All I had to do was to reset it to something in my $ PS1 .
As it happens my default prompt already set the titlebar so I could just reuse that .
Also it was printing out a newline every time , so needed to add a -n to the echo to stop that .
My final solution , while far from pretty , was :
if [ " $ SHELL " = ' / bin/bash ' ] then case $ TERM in rxvt| * term ) set -o functrace trap ' echo - ne " \e] 0 ; " ; echo -n $ BASH_COMMAND ; echo -ne " \007 " ' DEBUG export PS1 = " \e]0 ; $ TERM\007 $ PS1 " ;; esac fi
A challenge well completed .
I can relax and bask in the glory .
A British couple who met on a dating website turned out to be neighbours who had lived only a few houses apart for 17 years , a local news report said .
Teacher Julie McIlroy began emailing electrician Allan Donnelly after seeing his picture on a dating website , an increasingly common way of meeting people with the rapid rise of broadband internet access .
It was only after several weeks of online contact that the 46 - year - old phoned him - and realised they lived seven houses apart on the same street in the Welsh capital Cardiff .
" While we were chatting I said I 'd just been to the shop .
He said that was the shop he always went to , " she told the South Wales Echo .
" When he told me he lived in ( the same street ) , I thought it was a wind - up .
" I was stunned ...
He asked me over for a cup of tea , and that was that , " she said , while Mr Donnelly , 53 , added : " We 've got the perfect compatibility .
I 'm a very lucky man . "
The couple are now planning to marry .
- AFP
Elizabeth Holmes reports from Miami on the presidential race .
John McCain will campaign until the bitter end , with stops planned Tuesday in the battleground states of Colorado and New Mexico .
“ Look for the McCain way of grinding out a victory , ” McCain campaign manager Rick Davis said , “ Nothing fancy . ”
The two - state trip comes just a few [… ]
GREENSBORO , N.C. — Sen. Barack Obama ’s campaign has painted a grim picture in a new Web video aimed at getting record voter turnout - a John McCain victory .
The YouTube video , posted but not released to reporters , features a mock MSNBC projection that Mr. McCain “ wins ” the Nov. 4 contest , 51 percent to 49 percent for Mr. Obama .
“ John McCain elected 44th president ” and “ Voter turnout lower than expected ” are the mock captions with an MSNBC “ Breaking News ” headline under a smiling Mr. McCain .
“ It does n’t have to be that way , ” flashes across the screen before the clip sends voters to the campaign ’s VoteforChange.com site .
It urges them to use the site to “ Register to vote , request to vote absentee , find your polling location . ”
The spot , titled “ Bad News , ” features NBC ’s Tom Brokaw talking about an end to “ one of the most bitterly contested presidential campaigns in modern memory representing stark differences in … future in this country . ”
An unidentified newscaster can be heard saying , “ John McCain ’s victory has been projected by NBC News . ”
Then video shows Mr. McCain , with wife Cindy at his side in a green dress .
He tells the crowd : “ Thank you !
Let me tell you , I ’m very happy . ”
The audio and video appear to be from Mr. McCain ’s introduction of Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin as his running mate , though she is not shown or mentioned in the clip .
In recent days the campaign has used celebrities from Queen Latifah to Kal Penn to tout the site , which gives voters information about polling places and registration deadlines .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
The Apple rumor mill has really cooked up a doozy this time .
According to 9to5 mac -- a site with a fairly good track record -- Apple 's next big thing is n't just a laptop or an iPod ... it's an entirely new manufacturing process .
If you believe the site 's sources , an as - yet - unannounced event on October 14th will herald in a new iteration of the MacBook dubbed the " Brick , " but the big news wo n't actually be about the laptop .
Apparently , Apple has created a brand - new process to sculpt casings for products out of aircraft - grade aluminum , using a system that carves the pieces out of a single block of metal using " 3D lasers " and water - jet cutting .
The new technique will supposedly allow for seamless components which require no bending or folding , wo n't use screws to join together , are ultra - light but also " super strong , " and will enable the company to rapidly prototype and produce new designs .
Of course , not a single word of this is confirmed or even acknowledged by Apple , though we have been hearing whispers of the " Brick " for a few weeks now .
Ultimately , everyone should approach this news with extreme skepticism , but if these rumors get magically transmuted into reality , there 's no telling what kind of new gear Apple might have up its sleeve .
[ Thanks to everyone who sent this in ]
ADL Says
Christianity
Is Hate
By Harmony Grant
16 September 2008
Say I have an operable brain tumor .
You 're a doctor and know it but you do n’t tell me .
I die .
You should be prosecuted for manslaughter but , in the religious version of this case , the Anti-Defamation League thinks you should get applause .
Recently a group of prominent Christians called for more evangelism especially to Jews .
They ’re contrite about Jewish suffering throughout history and say Christians must use “ sensitivity and humility ” but “ still challenge them to consider the message of the Messiah . ”
For Christians , this is Truth 101 : we all need Jesus and we are terminally sick without Him , headed for certain spiritual death .
We are morally obligated to share the gospel with unbelievers , just as a doctor would be morally obligated to tell me I have a brain tumor .
A couple billion Christians , including me , share this obligation .
The Jewish Anti-Defamation League , creator of hate crime laws , denounced the statement from World Evangelical Alliance .
“ This Evangelical document is not an offer of love , but a prescription for hate , ” says ADL head Abe Foxman .
“ As long as the WEA teaches that Judaism is incomplete or misguided , anti-Semitism will continue . ”
His statement accuses WEA of creating “ immense pain and anger . ”
So basically , Christianity is hate .
The Bible ’s message that all humans are “ incomplete and misguided ” — worse , damned !— without saving faith in Christ , is hate .
This frightens anyone who ’s aware of “ anti-hate ” laws ’ growing momentum .
Every week , new incidents are described as “ hate crimes ” and prosecuted more zealously than the same crimes where hate is not suspected as the motivation .
The mythology of “ hate crimes ” as distinct , definable , and more frightening crime is now accepted as fact by most Americans .
Once you succeed in the court of public opinion , it does n’t take long to succeed in the law books .
ADL — the Jewish supremacist organization that considers Christianity to be hate — wields great political clout .
Today 45 states have ADL - inspired hate crime laws .
Barack Obama recently challenged Sen. McCain to back a ADL 's federal hate bill .
Some observers believe our current president ’s opposition is the only reason we do n’t have a federal hate law right now .
A pro-hate bill president would almost guarantee its passage .
But hate law advocates hardly need a federal hate law !
The FBI already swoops in on various “ hate crimes ” across the nation .
“ Anti-hate ” speech codes at universities and colleges stifle free .
The ADL is heavily involved in indoctrinating teachers , police , and local communities with their sick definitions of “ hate ” ( See , ADL 's Empire of Synagogue and State ) .
Unless wider opposition emerges , ADL 's ultimate dream may come true -- a national law like Israel 's where Christian evangelism of Jews is a federal offense .
If that happens , then at last , not with a bang but a whimper from tens of millions of evangelicals who failed to protest , it will become illegal to be a true Christian .
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Harmony Grant writes and edits for National Prayer Network , a Christian / conservative watchdog group .
Let the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith teach you how they have saddled 45 states with hate laws capable of persecuting Christians : http://www.adl.org/99hatecrime/intro.asp.
Learn how ADL took away free speech in Canada and wants to steal it now in the U.S. Congress .
Watch Rev. Ted Pike 's Hate Laws : Making Criminals of Christians at video.google.com .
Purchase this gripping documentary to show at church .
Order online at www.truthtellers.org for $ 24.90 , DVD or VHS , by calling 503- 853-3688 , or at the address below .
TALK SHOW HOSTS : Interview Rev. Ted Pike on this topic .
Call ( 503 ) 631-3808 .
NATIONAL PRAYER NETWORK ,
P.O. Box 828 , Clackamas , OR 97015
From Philly Inquirer :
A Delaware County man drugged a younger coworker , attempted to rape him , and killed him when he resisted , prosecutors told the jury in his murder trial yesterday .
William F. Smithson , 43 , of Glen Mills , is charged with murder , aggravated assault , attempted rape , kidnapping , and drug and other charges .
If convicted , he could face the death penalty . [...]
" There is no dispute Jason Shephard is dead , " said G. Guy Smith , defense attorney .
" There is a dispute over who killed him .
Bill Smithson did not kill him . "
Smith told jurors there was a third man in the home that night . [...]
Smith suggested to jurors that there was " another side to the story " that they would have to consider .
Shephard , who was visiting town for the second time , called Smithson before he arrived , and the two made plans to do some sightseeing .
Smith said records show that the intern watched " adult movies " at his hotel room .
" Was it more than a friendly relationship ? " Smith said .
This means that this defense attorney is taking the " it was consensual " approach to the attempted rape and kidnapping charges and possibly to other charges as well .
The defense attorney will need to find a way to explain away Smithson 's decision to report Shepard missing even though the younger man 's body was found in his basement .
The witness who was reportedly called by Smithson shortly after Shepard 's death and who reportedly was shown Shepard 's body before it was moved , and who called police , will likely be attacked since that information is one man 's word against another's .
As we 've seen in rape cases , credible prosecution testimony that cannot be proven through supporting forensic evidence is often spun by defense attorneys as meaningless .
From the defense attorney 's statement I expect this trial to contain plenty of victim blaming .
Update ( 11/22 ) : Smithson was found guilty of first - degree murder .
Technorati tags : rape crime politics sexual violence sexual assault feminism
Labels : legal
Here is allegedly the oldest woman ever to have lived at the age of 134 years old .
Her name is Kookoo Molookoo and despite her age and failing eyesight she still appears to be full of spirit in this video .
In the video you can see a birth certificate for Kookoo Molookoo stating she was born in 4th July , 1874 .
However , records were not officially kept that far back so it is not 100 % certain this is her real age .
Kookoo Molookoo , now known as the 134 Year Old Woman lives in the bushlands of South Africa and has a daughter aged 90 , 29 grandchildren , 59 great grandchildren and their children too .
Her long - life does not seem to be a result of a healthy diet either with spinach , meat , sweets , and coca cola among her favorite foods .
Kookoo Molookoo says that the secret to being the oldest girl alive is trust in God and respect for parents .
As the venerable Forrest Gump once said , " Life is like a box of chocolates .
You never know what you 're gonna get . "
Well , tomorrow , we have learned that you 're gonna get free software courtesy of Codeweavers .
Gas Prices ( NSFW ) .
Image courtesy of Nerve.com Nerve.com has an amusing take onGas Prices ( NSFW ) .
Image courtesy of Nerve.com
Several months back , Codeweavers issued its Great American Lame Duck Presidential Challenge .
If you 're a conservative , you probably want to take your blood pressure medicine before popping over to read that press release .
If you 're a Democrat , you may want to avoid drinking carbonated beverages .
If you 're sick of politics ( and who is n't ) it goes like this :
As a publicity stunt , Codeweavers promised to make its software products free for 24 hours to all Americans , should any of the five goals be met .
The goals involved gas prices , food prices , jobs , the housing market and International justice .
With average gas prices falling to $ 2.79 a gallon , at least in the Twin Cities , CEO Jeremy
White is making good on goal number one of his challenge .
Tomorrow , visitors to the company 's site will receive a deal code entitling you to one free copy of CrossOver software , complete with licensed support .
CrossOver allows you to run Windows applications and games on Mac and Linux .
It 's a commercial version of the Wine open - source Windows compatibility layer .
Wine provides a Windows API that runs on top of Mac OS X and Linux .
Codeweavers offers three separate CrossOver packages .
These include Win-applications - on - Mac , Win-applications - on - Linux , and a special Games version .
I 'm guessing you need to pick just one .
Let us know in the comments which is the best to pick !
Leaving the in - your - face politics aside , this is a great deal , regardless of whether you 're red , blue , or green .
And you may get a second chance .
Whole milk prices are apparently down to just $ 3.92 / gallon , just 42 cents above the next challenge goal of $ 3.50 .
Do n't want to get sick ?
Get a flu shot quick at Southern Utah 's drive - thru vaccine ' shoot - out '
ChucK is a strongly - typed , strongly - timed , concurrent audio and multimedia programming language .
It is compiled into virtual instructions , which is immediately run in the ChucK Virtual Machine .
This guide documents the features of the Language , Compiler , and Virtual Machine for a ChucK programmer .
Three days into the Republican National Convention , it is clear that the G.O.P. has settled on a message : “ Washington is not working . ”
The phrase is included in virtually every speech and every statement in St Paul .
We agree completely that Washington is in desperate need of renewal and reform .
We ’re not even going to quibble about the fact that Barack Obama said it first .
The problem is that American voters have yet to hear  from John McCain or his warm - up acts  any serious ideas on what , exactly , is wrong with Washington , apart from the fact that a Democrat might win the White House , never mind how to truly fix it .
The difficulty for the Republican ticket in talking about change and reform and acting like insurgents is that they have been running Washington  the White House and Congress  for most of the last eight years .
Sarah Palin , the vice presidential nominee , was a combative and witty relief at a torpid convention .
But it was bizarre hearing the running mate of a 26 - year veteran of Congress , a woman who was picked to placate the right - wing elite , mocking “ the permanent political establishment in Washington . ”
A tree fungus could provide green fuel that can be pumped directly into vehicle tanks , US scientists say .
The organism , found in the Patagonian rainforest , naturally produces a mixture of chemicals that is remarkably similar to diesel .
" This is the only organism that has ever been shown to produce such an important combination of fuel substances , " said Gary Strobel , a plant scientist from Montana State University , who led the work .
" We were totally surprised to learn that it was making a plethora of hydrocarbons . "
In principle , biofuels are attractive replacements for liquid fossil fuels used in transport that generate greenhouse gases .
The European Union has set biofuel targets of 5.75 % by 2010 and 10 % by 2020 .
But critics say current biofuels scarcely reduce greenhouse gas emissions and cause food price rises and deforestation .
Producing biofuels sustainably is now a target and this latest work has been greeted by experts as an encouraging step .
The fungus , called Gliocladium roseum and discovered growing inside the ulmo tree ( Eucryphia cordifolia ) in northern Patagonia , produces a range of hydrocarbon molecules that are virtually identical to the fuel - grade compounds in existing fossil fuels .
Details of the concoction , which Strobel calls " mycodiesel " , will be published in the November issue of the journal Microbiology .
" The results were totally unexpected and very exciting and almost every hair on my arms stood on end , " said Strobel .
Many simple organisms , such as algae , are known to make chemicals that are similar to the hydrocarbons present in transport fuel but , according to Strobel , none produce the explosive high energy density found in this fungus .
Strobel said that the chemical mixture produced could be used in a modern diesel engine without any modification .
Another advantage of the fungus is its ability to eat up cellulose , the compound that makes up much of the organic waste that is currently discarded , such as stalks and sawdust .
Converting this plant waste into fuels is an important goal for the biofuel industry , which currently uses food crops such as corn .
" Fungi are very important but we often overlook these organisms , " said Tariq Butt , a fungus expert at Swansea University .
" The discovery and its potential applications are fantastic .
However , more research is needed , as well as a pilot study to determine the costs and benefits . "
John Loughhead , executive director of the UK Energy Research Centre , also welcomed the " encouraging " discovery but noted it was at its earliest stage of development .
Throughout the long history of television 's longest - running SF show , one question has continually popped up ( and more often than not , been answered in a way that the questioner did n't appreciate ) .
But can you really sum up the forty - five year history of Doctor Who just by asking " What are you doing here ? "
Apparently , the answer is yes , if this eight minute tribute to our favorite Time Lord is anything to go by .
See if your own favorite character appears to ask the question of the day , below .
The video - made by YouTube poster NoDaylight - was originally a birthday present for a friend :
This was a birthday present I made for my friend 's 40th in 2005 .
We have a long - running in - joke about the phrase " What are you doing here ? " cropping up everywhere in TV shows .
As we also both like Doctor Who , doing this seemed like a good idea .
Advertisement
We dread to think just how long this took to put together - but we 're grateful nonetheless .
[ YouTube ]
The Bee Gees were one of the best - selling music groups of all time US medics have found the Bee Gees ' 1977 hit Stayin '
Alive is an ideal beat to follow to perform chest compressions on a victim of a cardiac arrest .
Research says it contains 103 beats per minute , close to the recommended rate of 100 chest compressions per minute .
An author of the study said many people were put off performing cardiopulmonary resuscitation ( CPR ) as they were not sure about keeping the correct rhythm .
He said CPR could triple cardiac arrest survival rates when performed properly .
The study by the University of Illinois College of Medicine saw 15 doctors and students performing CPR ( cardiopulmonary resuscitation ) on mannequins while listening to Stayin ' Alive .
They were asked to time their chest compressions with the beat .
[ Stayin ' Alive ] drove them and motivated them to keep up the rate , which is the most important thing
Dr David Matlock
University of Illinois
Five weeks later , they did the same drill without the music , but were told to think of the song while doing compressions .
The average number of compressions the first time was 109 per minute ; the second time it was 113 - more than recommended by the American Heart Association , but better than too few , according to Dr Matlock .
" It drove them and motivated them to keep up the rate , which is the most important thing , " he told the Associated Press .
A spokesman for the American Heart Association , Dr Vinay Nadkarni , said it had been using Stayin ' Alive as a training tip for CPR instructors for about two years , although it was not aware of any previous studies that tested the song .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Eric Cantor ( R - VA ) , incoming Republican
Whip , gives the same tired and canned response on why republicans are failing to reach out to minorities , becoming more and more a homogeneous group of like - minded , mainly white conservatives .
Cantor says they 'll reach out by appealing to economic concerns like " the diminution of their 401 - K's " , lowering taxes , and all the other red herrings that do n't answer why people of color , and whole regions of the country are moving away from the republicans in droves .
It 's doubtful chanting " Tax cuts !
Tax cuts !
Tax cuts ! " will make the Republicans a more inclusive party .
According to exit polling , these groups voted for Obama :
95 % of African Americans
67 % of Hispanics
62 % of Asians
Now if population and demographics were a static thing the republicans might have a reasonable and viable strategy with this approach .
McCain did win the popular vote among
White people , and did really well among White people over 65 ( 68 % ) .
Unfortunately for them time is not on their side .
Those aged 18 - 29 voted for Obama by over thirty points , which is itself an ominous sign for the future , if you 're a republican .
Consider the Hispanic vote alone .
After all the anti-immigrant vitriol of the past couple of years the Republicans are pushing away a group which should be at least somewhat inclined to vote for them .
And what happened this year ?
As conservative columnist Linda Chavez put it , Ask the 14 out of 16 hard - line , anti-immigration Republicans who lost their seats this time around to pro-comprehensive reform Democrats how well this worked at the polls .
And then consider that by 2050 Hispanics will double in their share of the U.S. population , from 15 % to 30 % , or in raw numbers nearly tripling from 46.7 million to 132.8 million in 2050 .
Overall , minorities will become the majority .
None of this can be news for Republicans so they must see the hand - writing on the wall .
What is amazing is that they seem incapable or unwilling to do anything about it .
Sure , we might see Michael Steele head the RNC as some kind of figurehead African American , or Louisiana Governor Piyush " Bobby " Jindal gain some level of national prominence but what does it say about a national party that has no African American members in their caucus ?
Or that in the largest " minority " group of them all , women , the figures of most prominence among House Republicans are the likes of a Michele Bachmann , Marsha Blackburn , Jean Schmidt , and until recently Marilyn Musgrave .
And even more potently the new face of the Republican Party herself , Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .
Or consider the regional shifts where there are now no Republican congressmen left in New England , their last holdout Chris Shays in Connecticut succumbing to the inevitable by his support of the Bush administration .
In New York State there are only 3 of the 29 members .
None of this bodes well for the Republicans .
Governor orders layoffs , heavy pay cuts CALIFORNIA'S BUDGET STALEMATE Schwarzenegger moves to ease budget crisis with dismissals and pay cuts for state workers
Maria De Guia talks about how her hours at the Department of Motor Vehicles were cut because of budget cuts , Thursday July 31 , 2008 , in San Francisco , Calif .
" If you see me in the Golden Gate Park do n't arrest me " , De Guia says .
Photo by Lacy Atkins / The Chronicle less Maria De Guia talks about how her hours at the Department of Motor Vehicles were cut because of budget cuts , Thursday July 31 , 2008 , in San Francisco , Calif .
" If you see me in the Golden Gate Park do n't arrest ... more Photo : Lacy Atkins , The Chronicle Photo : Lacy Atkins , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Governor orders layoffs , heavy pay cuts 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger ordered the layoffs of thousands of state workers Thursday and steep pay cuts for most other state employees to ease California 's budget crunch , moves that could mean longer lines at the DMV and delays in processing of workers ' compensation claims .
The state has been without a budget since the fiscal year began on July 1 as the governor and the Democratic - controlled Legislature work to come up with a spending plan to fill a $ 17.2 billion gap .
" This is not an action I take lightly , but we do not have a budget , and as governor , I have a responsibility to make sure our state has enough money to pay its bills , " said Schwarzenegger , whose move was expected after The Chronicle and other news outlets revealed his plans last week .
The governor 's move to cut the pay of 200,000 employees to the federal minimum wage of $ 6.55 an hour , effective today , would save the state as much as $ 1.2 billion a month .
But whether that will happen is in doubt because , under the order , the employees would receive their full wages for the month if a budget is enacted by the end of August .
State Controller John Chiang , who is responsible for disbursing paychecks , sent a letter to the governor on Thursday reiterating his position that he would disregard Schwarzenegger 's order to cut workers ' pay .
Also on Thursday , about 10,300 seasonal and temporary state workers were given layoff notices , a move that will result in savings of $ 19.7 million a month for the state , officials said .
Most of those jobs are clerical and administrative and wo n't have an impact on public safety and emergency services , administration officials said .
But the cuts are likely to affect other services , such as customer service at Department of Motor Vehicles offices and the processing of workers ' comp claims .
" There 's no question state services will be affected , but the governor has the responsibility to make sure that the state can pay its bills , " said Aaron McLear , a spokesman for Schwarzenegger .
Armando Botello , a spokesman for the DMV , said the agency could lay off as many as 2,000 temporary workers .
One of them was Virginia Taaga , 28 , who lost her job as a scheduler of DUI hearings at the DMV office on Fell Street in San Francisco .
" When I first got the news , I almost started crying , " said the single mother of two girls , ages 7 and 3 .
" I had to hold it in .
I did n't want to cry in front of everyone . "
Taaga said she might have to resort to paying her bills and buying groceries with credit cards .
" I can't risk my kids going hungry because they can't come up with a budget , " she said .
" I 'm way past angry .
I 'm pissed off . "
One of her co-workers , Maria De Guia , 45 , was n't laid off but she said her hours were slashed to a maximum of 20 a week , less than half her usual total .
" I 'm going to be homeless in the park , " De Guia said .
" I have to pay rent .
And I 've lived in San Francisco a long time , 20 years ... maybe I 'll have to leave the city , but I love San Francisco . "
Those waiting to be served at De Guia 's DMV office also felt the sting of the governor 's order .
Evelyn Wyatt , a 65 - year - old phone company employee who lives in the city , was startled when a DMV employee affixed a sign to the door announcing that no walk - ins would be accepted between 3 and 5 p.m. anymore .
It was after 3 p.m. , but Wyatt remained in line only to be told at the counter to go home and try again Friday .
" They just stuck ( the sign ) up .
They were kind of sneaking around doing it , " said Wyatt , who felt customers deserved at least a day 's notice of the change .
" I guess whoever voted for Arnold deserves it . "
The governor 's executive order also includes a hiring freeze , no overtime pay and releasing contract consultants .
Those moves plus the layoffs would net between $ 80 million to $ 100 million in savings in August , said Department of Finance Director Mike Genest .
On Thursday , Schwarzenegger said he intends to " get a budget within the next few days . "
That 's why the governor 's order does n't make sense , said Assembly Speaker Karen Bass , D - Baldwin Vista ( Los Angeles County ) , who added that she thinks a compromise on the budget can be reached in the next two weeks .
" I believe we will have a budget before Aug. 31 , ( the pay cuts ) will never be executed , and I do n't believe this action was necessary , " she said .
The governor " is under pressure and we are all under pressure .
That 's why I do n't understand why this distraction is needed . "
Assembly Republican Leader Mike Villines from Clovis in Fresno County said he also believes a budget deal can be completed by the end of August but added that he understands Schwarzenegger 's frustration .
" I think as a chief executive he had to show he had to take steps if the Legislature does n't ultimately get something done , " Villines said .
In recent weeks , there has been little movement on budget negotiations .
Democrats have offered a nearly $ 10 billion tax package to help balance the budget , a plan that Republicans have rejected .
The governor 's budget proposal hinges on the state borrowing against future state lottery sales to help erase the deficit and start a rainy - day fund to spell the state during lean years .
State revenues have plummeted in recent months as a result of declining home sales and prices .
Republican and Democratic lawmakers have said the lottery can't be part of this year 's budget solution .
Schwarzenegger and Republicans in the Legislature also are demanding budget reforms , including a spending cap and a large rainy - day fund , ideas that would likely need the approval of voters in November .
Last week , Secretary of State Debra Bowen notified Schwarzenegger that any new measures for the fall ballot must be approved by Aug. 16 .
Do you have your copy of Youtility : Why Smart Marketing is About Help not Hype ?
Visit Amazon or Barnes & Noble to get your copy now !
( Amazing Gangsta Chimp image by the talented Matt Cioffi )
You may have heard of social media .
There ’s been a bit of news about it recently .
However , a lot of people making that news have created expectations and beliefs about social media that are n’t true .
1. Social Media is Inexpensive
False .
As Charlene Li said recently , social media trades media cost for labor cost .
Done correctly , social media – even a simple reputation monitoring program – is a time intensive proposition that requires daily vigilance .
2. Social Media is Fast
False .
Social media is by definition slow .
Done correctly , social media is about developing meaningful relationships with customers and prospective customers in their natural habitat .
That ’s not a “ wave the magic wand ” scenario .
You have to create content , be part of many communities , and proceed incrementally .
Many successful social media programs take months ( or even more than a year ) to really germinate .
3. Social Media is “ Viral Marketing ”
False , in the same way that a square is also a rectangle , but a rectangle is n’t a square .
Can a social media program go viral ?
Absolutely .
But if you ’re engaged in a social media program in an effort to go “ viral ” you ’re not really engaged in social media at all .
You ’re engaged in an advertising and marketing campaign that uses the Web as its distribution platform .
4. Social Media results ca n’t be measured
False .
Especially in comparison to many other communication programs like traditional PR , TV advertising , outdoor advertising and others , social media actually offers pretty solid metrics .
Many social media software packages ( great ebook analysis of them here ) can provide highly detailed reports on the impact of social media programs .
Can those results be tied back directly to sales , and therefore ROI ?
Probably not yet , but other than search and email ( and maybe banners ) where CAN you do that ?
5. Social Media is optional
It does n’t matter what the demographics of your customers are .
It does n’t matter what industry you ’re in .
Your customers and prospects are talking about you online .
Your company needs to be part of that conversation .
Today .
Online is where many people do their talking , so that ’s where you need to be .
If barber shops were still driving consumer sentiment , I ’d be writing this post about barber shop marketing .
Be where your customers are .
6. Social media is hard
False .
It ’s not hard , it ’s complicated .
And that ’s only because of the alphabet soup of social networks , lifestreams , sharing sites , etc. Social media is not about Facebook or MySpace or Flickr or Twitter or blogs or YouTube .
It ’s about having a strategy for making your company or organization more like a person and less like a machine .
It ’s about humanization .
If your customers and prospects feel like your company is more human and actually cares about them , they ’ll want to be part of it .
That ’s the brand engagement holy grail that we ’re all seeking .
Too often , the humanization part gets overlooked in an effort to create a “ user - generated video contest widget that we ’ll launch on Facebook with support from Ustream . ”
Whatever .
Use technology to be yourself , and do n’t overthink it .
What other social media fallacies do you have ?
Leave a comment please .
About a year ago Stephen Moore , Peter Tanous and I set about writing a book about our vision for the future entitled " The End of Prosperity . "
Little did we know then how appropriate its release would be earlier this month .
Financial panics , if left alone , rarely cause much damage to the real economy , output , employment or production .
Asset values fall sharply and wipe out those who borrowed and lent too much , thereby redistributing wealth from the foolish to the prudent .
This process is the topic of Nassim Nicholas Taleb 's book " Fooled by Randomness . "
When markets are free , asset values are supposed to go up and down , and competition opens up opportunities for profits and losses .
Profits and stock appreciation are not rights , but rewards for insight mixed with a willingness to take risk .
People who buy homes and the banks who give them mortgages are no different , in principle , than investors in the stock market , commodity speculators or shop owners .
Good decisions should be rewarded and bad decisions should be punished .
The market does just that with its profits and losses .
No one likes to see people lose their homes when housing prices fall and they can't afford to pay their mortgages ; nor does any one of us enjoy watching banks go belly - up for making subprime loans without enough equity .
But the taxpayers had nothing to do with either side of the mortgage transaction .
If the house 's value had appreciated , believe you me the overleveraged homeowner and the overly aggressive bank would never have shared their gain with taxpayers .
Housing price declines and their consequences are signals to the market to stop building so many houses , pure and simple .
But here 's the rub .
Now enter the government and the prospects of a kinder and gentler economy .
To alleviate the obvious hardships to both homeowners and banks , the government commits to buy mortgages and inject capital into banks , which on the face of it seems like a very nice thing to do .
But unfortunately in this world there is no tooth fairy .
And the government does n't create anything ; it just redistributes .
Whenever the government bails someone out of trouble , they always put someone into trouble , plus of course a toll for the troll .
Every $ 100 billion in bailout requires at least $ 130 billion in taxes , where the $ 30 billion extra is the cost of getting government involved .
Do n't fall victim to vampires !
Do n't get slashed by a psycho !
Do n't get stuck , ASK DR .
ELDRITCH !
Dear Dr. Eldritch ,
I am a programmer for a large security company .
My new girlfriend is really hot , and very open - minded in the bedroom , if you know what I mean .
She 's been having money problems , and has dropped hints that maybe I know a way of making lots of money quickly .
I do know a loophole in a bank 's wire - transfer security that I could exploit , but we'd have to take enough to leave the country for good .
The thought of us living rich in a tropical paradise is very tempting , believe me !
What should I do ?
-- Smitten in Los Angeles Dear Smitten ,
I suspect I know the answers , but there are some questions to be asked first :
Does a background check on Miss Hot turn up anything suspicious ?
Did you meet her just recently , and she hit on you ?
hit on ?
Does she avoid being seen with you in public ?
Does she have a scruffy but attractive " brother , " who checks on her often ?
If the answer to any of the above questions is " Yes , " then DUMP HER NOW !
I know , you 'll miss those bedroom " benefits , " but odds are you 're receiving some exploitation of your own .
Nobody wants to believe that their hot lover is setting them up as a patsy in a secret plot for a grand - scale heist with their actual partner , but it happens all the time .
Many tech workers would be completely dateless if it did n't .
Fortunately , this broad base of experience gives us some basic Do's and Don'ts for this situation : DON'T confront her when alone and say " I know what you 're doing and I 'm going to the police ! "
That 's a quick ticket to a shallow grave .
DO have friends , police , commandos , etc. present when you tell her to go and never return .
DON'T go along with their plan , intending to outsmart them at the last minute .
You may be a savant to their idiot , but they 've got more experience , guile and cruelty .
As a programmer , you believe in goodness and the innate value of every human being .
They do n't .
DO pack up all her stuff while she 's out , so once you give her the boot , you can just shut the door behind her and never let her in again , no matter what she offers to do for you , whenever you want it , repeatedly and without complaining .
DON'T let her persuade you ( see above ) to do anything criminal or give her information useful to a criminal .
DO change the locks promptly , and watch for signs that she 's trying to stay in your life .
A bodyguard might be a worthwhile investment until you 're sure she 's moved on .
DON'T go for one last round of really hot sex before you dump her .
On second thought , go for it !
You 'll be sans partner for a long time , so grab some nice , sweaty memories for those cold winter nights .
In short , keep one step ahead , and do n't let your glands make any decisions that should be made by your brain .
You 'll miss what she did for you , but fill your spare time with Internet chat groups about the buying of obsolete computers in online auctions , and move on .
You 'll be glad you did .
Good luck , and let me know how it comes out ! -- Dr. Eldritch
AP
BARRY RITHOLTZ , a prominent financial pundit , writes with tongue not entirely in cheek that the first lesson from the government 's bail - out of Bear Stearns in March was to “ Go Big ” .
“ Do n't just risk your company , risk the entire world of finance .
Modest incompetence is insufficient — if you merely destroy your own company , you wo n't get rescued .
You have to threaten to bring down the entire global financial system . ”
On Tuesday September 16th , a day after America 's Treasury boldly let Lehman Brothers go bust , again the “ Go Big ” theory is being tested .
This time , the focus is on American International Group ( AIG ) , one of the world 's biggest insurers .
As well as writing general - insurance policies all over the world , the firm has plunged disastrously into the market for derivatives linked to housing and credit .
Its exposure to the murky credit - default swaps market alone is a notional $ 441 billion , enormous by anyone 's standards .
Do such exposures make it too big to fail , especially given the possible risk , however small , to ordinary folk around the world who insure with AIG ?
Hopes that this question would be met with a tentative “ yes ” helped New York stocks erase some of their earlier losses on Tuesday — though AIG 's shares were still down sharply .
There were reported rumours that Treasury support for AIG would be forthcoming .
But the Federal Reserve , whose policymakers were meeting on Tuesday , resisted pressure to give a boost to markets and chose not to cut rates .
These rumours were not confirmed , but it has already become painfully clear how hard it is for America 's financial authorities to steer a straight course through a crisis that is piling one systemic threat onto another .
On Monday , Hank Paulson , America 's treasury secretary , was hailed for bringing back moral hazard , or the risk of failure , to the banking system by letting Lehman fall into Chapter 11 .
Faced with the collapse of the much bigger and more entangled AIG , can he afford to defend that line in the sand ?
Even those battling to find a solution for AIG admit that time is running out .
On Monday the Fed asked two banks , Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase , to find up to $ 120 billion in new funds for AIG .
The firm also won a concession from New York state , which supervises it , to raise $ 20 billion by borrowing against the insurance assets of its subsidiaries .
On Tuesday markets around the world tumbled after two ratings agencies , Moody 's and Standards & Poor 's , cut AIG 's credit rating .
That decision forced the insurer to seek at least $ 13 billion in extra collateral to back its credit derivatives .
But cash is not easy to come by for big institutions with concerns about their solvency , as Lehman 's collapse showed .
As of Tuesday , there appeared to be no private - sector solution for AIG , and the matter was in the hands of the government .
Meanwhile , fears that a collapse of AIG could paralyse the financial system were reflected in the interbank market , where banks tap each other for cash .
Dollar rates of the London Interbank - Offered Rate , known as LIBOR , doubled overnight .
Central banks , including the Fed , pumped in liquidity .
Not all the news was bad .
Goldman reported a 70 % slump in third - quarter profits , which may have looked ghastly , but it beat analysts ' estimates .
There had been fears that it and Morgan Stanley , the other Wall Street bank left standing , were at risk from a possible collapse of AIG .
But a Goldman spokesman said its exposure was “ not material ” , according to reports .
Washington Mutual , America 's largest savings - and - loan bank , helped its share price by declaring it would be able to withstand the latest cut in its credit rating .
Meanwhile , August saw the first drop in America 's consumer - price index in almost two years .
The 0.1 % fall was helped by the decline in fuel prices , and the oil market remained in retreat on Tuesday , with prices hovering above $ 91 a barrel .
The dollar remained firm .
But in this crisis , the only things that have given Wall Street real fillips have been the chances of government intervention , and easier monetary policy .
Now almost all the markets ' hopes are pinned on the authorities .
If AIG goes , it is hard to think what else would be considered as too big to fail .
A photo of “ Alyona , ” a critically endangered Far Eastern leopard being examined by Clay Miller ( right ) of the Wildlife Conservation Society and John Lewis ( left ) of Wildlife Vets International who listens for abnormalities of the heart .
At least one of the world ’s rarest big cats is alive and well , according to scientists who captured , photographed and gave a check - up to a female Far Eastern leopard in Russia last week .
The Far Eastern leopard is perhaps the world ’s most endangered big cat , with an estimated 25 to 40 individuals inhabiting a narrow strip of land in the far southeastern corner of the Russian Federation .
A team of scientists from the Wildlife Conservation Society ( WCS ) and the Russian Academy of Sciences Institute of Biology and Soils ( IBS ) captured one of these rare felines in Primorsky Krai along the Russian - Chinese border .
The leopardess , nicknamed “ Alyona ” by the researchers , was in good physical condition , weighing a healthy 85 pounds ( 39 kilograms ) .
A preliminary health analysis revealed that she is between 8 and 10 years old .
Alyona has since been released unharmed .
Specialists are continuing to analyze blood samples as well as an electrocardiogram , which will reveal genetic information to assess levels of inbreeding ( the tiny leopard population is thought to have no more than 10 to 15 females ) .
Three leopards captured previously ( 2 males and 1 female ) in 2006 and 2007 all exhibited significant heart murmurs , which may reflect genetic disorders .
“ We are excited by the capture , and are hopeful that ongoing analysis of biomedical information will confirm that this individual is in good health , ” said Alexey Kostyria , a senior scientist at IBS and manager for the WCS - IBS project .
“ This research is critical for conservation of the Far Eastern leopard , as it will help us to determine the risks posed by inbreeding and what we can do to mitigate them . ”
One of the options scientists are considering is trans - locating leopards from other areas to increase genetic diversity — similar to the strategy used with Florida panthers , when animals from Texas were brought in to supplement the remaining population .
Today , Florida panthers have risen from less than 10 individuals to a population of about 100 .
Over the past 100 years , Far Eastern leopard numbers have been reduced by poaching and habitat loss .
However , camera - trapping and snow - tracking surveys indicate that the population has been stable for the past 30 years , but with a high rate of turnover of individuals .
If inbreeding or disease can be kept in check , WCS and its partners think there is great potential for increasing survival rates and habitat recovery in both Russia and Northeast China .
The Far Eastern leopard is listed under CITES ( Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species ) , which protects it against illegal trade for fur and medicinal purposes .
The U.S. Congress is currently considering legislation called the Great Cats and Rare Canids Act , which would directly benefit the Far Eastern leopard and more than a dozen big cat and rare dog species by creating a fund for research and monitoring , law enforcement training , and other conservation efforts .
The Wildlife Conservation Society ’s work to protect Far Eastern leopards receives funding from the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service ’s Rhinoceros and Tiger Conservation Fund , National Fish and Wildlife Foundation ’s Save the Tiger Fund and the U.S. Forest Service International Program .
Files Extensions
We are here to Help you for Files extensions meaning and how to open that file .
Search file extension definition from top right of our page , and learn how to open that extension and meanings .
If you have further question , write note below that extension page , We will read and answer to your email ( if given ) or in that page .
So in the future other visitors will know the meanings and problems about this file extension .
About a week , week and a half ago I sat down to knock out a quick comment about the fact that Ford , Chrysler , and General Motors went to Congress to argue that they needed , and were entitled to , a $ 25 billion slice of the federal bailout pie .
I figured it would just take a couple of minutes , once I double - checked some numbers and some history .
Which ended up casting enough doubt on my thoughts about it that I decided to do some more research .
I 've put about another 30 or 40 hours of reading and research into it since then , because everything I read raised more questions .
But it 's gone to good use , because I did come to one absolutely firm conclusion about the hypothetical federal government bailout of " the Big Three " automakers :
If you have a firm opinion about whether or not there should be a bailout , you do n't know enough to be entitled to an opinion .
No , really , there 's a reason why it 's the dumbest and shallowest of pundits who rushed to have opinions on this , they and the people who have knee - jerk political philosophies that could fit comfortably inside a walnut , so they always know what they think should be done : the same thing they always recommend , no matter what the problem is .
Very few people who actually know anything about the auto industry have spoken up , and there 's a reason for that .
Heck , when the Detroit execs were sent packing by Congress with an invite to come back and explain how , exactly , a bailout would even work ?
You 'll notice they have n't exactly rushed to answer .
Here , let 's start with some history , just to confuse things beyond all recognition .
( Yeah , I know , that 's not what history is supposed to do .
This time it does , though . )
Starting with the World War II temporary wage and price freezes , the American auto industry got into the habit of competing for the best workers by persuading them to accept deferred compensation .
They voluntarily signed contracts that said , " instead of drawing x+y salary now , we 'll pay you x now , and invest y in something nice and safe , and when you retire , we 'll pay your salary and your health care benefits out of what we earned on y . "
Lots of industries did .
Then they got stuck writing those contracts for year after year , because they faced open revolt if new workers did n't get the same offer that their prior co-workers got .
But it was okay , because at the time , retirees lived for only a couple of years , and by then , they were dying of things that we really could n't do anything about .
It 's not like it cost all that much to provide those benefits .
And then something completely unexpected happened : modern medicine .
Average lifespan went up 10 years .
Worse , we suddenly had something more than rudimentary surgery , splints , crude painkillers , a few cheap vaccines and antibiotics , and a lot of colored sugar - water placebos .
Because of the revolution in molecular biochemistry , the cost of health care went from just the cost of the doctors ' and nurses ' labor plus a few bucks up into " the sky 's the limit . "
Company after company went through this , and company after company found legal or illegal ways to break those contracts 20 years ago or more , because it was that or go completely under .
So far , because of the strength of its political connections to both parties and because of its central place in 20th century American cultural mythology , only one industry has managed to keep that old tradition alive , and that 's the auto industry .
But it 's been killing them .
And everybody knows it .
Worse , when Honda , Nissan , Toyota , and Hyundai came to America , they found that workers all over the ( then depressed )
Sun Belt were in fact perfectly happy to sign contracts for hourly wages that were pretty similar to Detroit 's with no pension to speak of and no retiree health benefits .
Basically every worker born since 1960 or so has known that when they retired , what they were going to have was whatever their own private investment accounts had in them ( if anything ) plus Social Security and Medicare .
If even that , say the cynics .
And it 's not particularly scandalous , unless you 're a Baby Boomer or before .
And what that meant for the " foreign " auto makers making cars in America is a cost per car difference in the several thousands of dollars per car .
Everybody picks on Detroit for " sticking with SUVs when everybody knew that they were n't sustainable . "
You think they 're stupid ?
Never mind that , of course you do , everybody does .
Now explain this to me , if you 're so much smarter than them : where were they going to find a market for millions of subcompacts that would still have to sell for at least $ 30,000 to be profitable ?
They 've known for years that the SUV market was going to collapse some day ; they rode that ride as long as they could because those were the only cars left that GM , Ford , or Chrysler could make that had enough profit margin to cover the cost of retiree labor .
So they 're screwed , right ?
Not so fast .
They actually solved this problem .
Do what I did , spend some time with the most recent GM annual report , and cross check its numbers with the presentation on the 2007 contracts of the Big Three at the Center for Automotive Research website .
GM says that they got enough concessions out of that round of contracts that even with the retiree costs , they would have been actually profitable in 2007 if they 'd had that contract the year before .
They show numbers that ( if it were n't for the huge drop - off in demand due to the financial industry crisis , which the annual report failed to forecast ) that if they could just hang on until 2010 , enough of the retirees would finally have died that even those costs would be gone .
They actually have , or at least had , a plan that would have let them squeak by on selling overpriced SUVs to cover the costs just long enough , they hoped , to be competitive with the other four semi-American automakers in all product lines .
So we should save them , right ?
After all , there is one thing that none of the semi-American automakers can offer , if nothing else : upward mobility .
Somewhere in America right now there 's a future hotshot auto designer , auto engineer .
A century of tradition , both US and non-US , says that where he should be ( and probably is ) right now is working in an auto plant , working his way up .
Can an American work his way up to being a lead designer for Toyota , Nissan , Hyundai , Mitsubishi , etc ?
Not unless he speaks fluent Japanese ( or Korean ) .
And given the famously virulent racism of most Japanese towards non-Japanese , probably not even then .
And if we can just keep them afloat until a few thousand more retired autoworkers die of old age , we can save those jobs , right ?
Maybe not .
Because there 's one other pair of numbers staring us in the face , and they 're not going away .
Fact number one : auto manufacturing plants in the United States produced slightly more than ten million new automobiles in 2007 .
Fact number two : the American people bought about seven and a half million new automobiles in 2007 .
( That 's more than my back of an envelope estimate was , I 'm actually kind of surprised .
I guess the pre-collapse economy was pretty good . )
That 's not counting exports , or imports , but we 're not going to export our way out of that almost three million car per year surplus ( and more than that , this year ) .
There just are n't that many people around the world who can afford $ 30,000 , or $ 40,000 , or whatever SUVs .
Or American cars at all , really .
We thought we were going to export our way out of this by selling half a billion cars to China , but the Chinese people can't afford to buy cars made by people making American wages , so they buy cars made by ( for example ) GM 's China subsidiary .
We thought we were going to export our way out of this by selling hundreds of millions of cars to India , but they buy $ 2000 econo - boxes from local Tata Motors instead , and one heck of a lot of cheap third - world knockoffs of Japanese scooters , because that 's what they can afford .
And this is n't exactly news , either .
The Big Three have been renting every flat surface within a hundred miles of Detroit , practically , to park unsold cars on , for at least two years .
Starting this year , the non-Big - Three companies have been doing the same thing on and around the Port of San Diego , and maybe elsewhere .
The fact of the matter is , unless wages somehow magically go up for a billion peoplego up so far they can afford American - made cars , pretty soon we 're not going to have any alternative but to shut down 1/3rd of the automobile factory jobs in America .
And that 's perhaps an optimistic scenario , that 's assuming that Americans do n't start buying cheap econo - boxes from Tata Motors , too , if that becomes all that they can afford .
And Ford , GM , and Chrysler have knownfor years , too .
They do n't say , but it 's pretty obvious what they were hoping to do : delay the inevitable long enough that they were actually economically competitive with the newer companies ' factories , hoping that all seven of the big manufacturers in America would each have to shut down 1/3rd of their production , instead of losing 1 /3rd of the companies .
But at least two of those companies run out of money to make the payroll with in at most a couple of months , so they do n't have three years any more .
If you think you know for sure what we should do about that ?
I suspect you 're wrong .
The £ 100,000 white wedding for the 16 - year - old girl who lives in a caravan
What Daddy 's little girl wants Daddy 's little girl gets .
So when Missy Quinn insisted on a big white wedding with her boyfriend , her father said Yes .
It did n't matter that she was only 16 and the groom 17 .
Daddy also said Yes to a £ 16,000 wedding dress ( which looked suspiciously like a crop top and skirt ) and Yes to 150 guests at the reception .
Then there were the cars , the hotels , the tiara and the £ 500 bouquet .
Missy Quinn , 16 , in her £ 16,000 wedding dress , has enjoyed a £ 100,000 white wedding paid for by her father who lives in a caravan
In the end , making Missy 's wedding dreams come true cost her father - who lives in a caravan and surfaces driveways for a living - a whopping £ 100,000 .
But as his princess , who has n't been in a classroom since she was nine and wants to be a glamour model , posed for photographs , her father Simon , 35 , declared it was worth every penny .
' I 'm very proud of her today , ' he said .
Missy was just happy to be the undisputed centre of attention .
Her dress , studded with Swarovski crystals , and with a 10ft wide train , was so heavy that it took ten guests to help her struggle out of the Rolls - Royce Phantom that brought her to the church .
Missy with groom Thomas Moghon , 17 , her mother Theresa and father Simon
' It was huge .
I wanted to outdo everyone else 's wedding dress , ' she said .
' It was extremely heavy and just standing in the church was really difficult .
But despite all that , I felt just like Cinderella . '
The bill was around five times the cost of the average British wedding .
Missy said : ' It cost a fortune , but I 've always wanted a big wedding and my dad has been saving for ages to pay for it . '
She met Thomas at Alton Towers theme park when she was 13 .
x
They continued to date despite her traveller family leaving their caravan park in Stoke - on - Trent every summer to tour the UK while Thomas lived with his parents in Wolverhampton .
Missy said : ' I just knew he was The One from the beginning .
He 's perfect . '
Full story appears in Closer magazine
Her mother Theresa , 33 , who married Missy 's father at 16 , said : ' I was surprised they wanted to get married so young in this day and age .
But we could see they were madly in love . '
The couple married six days after Missy turned 16 at St Mary 's Catholic Church in Congleton - Cheshire .
After the ceremony - guests in feathers and crystals enjoyed champagne and an all - day buffet at the reception .
Girls as young as nine showed off bikini tops , high heels and make - up .
Guest Victoria Docherty , 23 , who wore a £ 700 hotpants and bra outfit , said : ' This is n't unusual - it 's just what we do at weddings .
It 's all very extravagant .
Everything is paid for by the bride 's daddy . '
Missy and Thomas honeymooned in Turkey before moving into their own £ 18,000 caravan - a wedding gift from her parents .
18 October 2008 .
Thanks to Robert Eringer .
And now the Manchurian microchip Robert Eringer October 18 , 2008 7:13 AM
The geniuses at Homeland Security who brought you hare - brained procedures at airports ( which inconvenience travelers without snagging terrorists ) have decreed that October is National Cyber Security Awareness Month .
This means The Investigator -- at the risk of compromising national insecurities -- would be remiss not to make you aware of the hottest topic in U.S. counterintelligence circles : rogue microchips .
This threat emanates from China ( PRC ) -- and it is hugely significant .
The myth : Chinese intelligence services have concealed a microchip in every computer everywhere , programmed to " call home " if and when activated .
The reality : It may actually be true .
All computers on the market today -- be they Dell , Toshiba , Sony , Apple or especially IBM -- are assembled with components manufactured inside the PRC .
Each component produced by the Chinese , according to a reliable source within the intelligence community , is secretly equipped with a hidden microchip that can be activated any time by China 's military intelligence services , the PLA .
" It is there , deep inside your computer , if they decide to call it up , " the security chief of a multinational corporation told The Investigator .
" It is capable of providing Chinese intelligence with everything stored on your system -- on everyone 's system -- from e-mail to documents .
I call it Call Home Technology .
It does n't mean to say they 're sucking data from everyone 's computer today , it means the Chinese think ahead -- and they now have the potential to do it when it suits their purposes . "
Discussed theoretically in high - tech security circles as " Trojan Horse on a Chip " or " The Manchurian Chip , " Call Home Technology came to light after the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) launched a security program in December 2007 called Trust in Integrated Circuits .
DARPA awarded almost $ 25 million in contracts to six companies and university research labs to test foreign - made microchips for hardware Trojans , back doors and kill switches -- techie - speak for bugs and gremlins -- with a view toward microchip verification .
Raytheon , a defense contractor , was granted almost half of these funds for hardware and software testing .
Its findings , which are classified , have apparently sent shockwaves through the counterintelligence community .
" It is the hottest topic concerning the FBI and the Pentagon , " a retired intelligence official told The Investigator .
" They do n't know quite what to do about it .
The Chinese have even been able to hack into the computer system that handles our Intercontinental Ballistic Missile system . "
Another senior intelligence source told The Investigator , " Our military is aware of this and has had to take some protective measures .
The problem includes defective chips that do n't reach military specs -- as well as probable Trojans . "
A little context :
In 2005 the Lenovo Group in China paid $ 1.75 billion for IBM 's PC unit , even though that unit had lost $ 965 million the previous four years .
Three congressmen , including the chairman of the House Armed Services Committee , tried to block this sale because of national security concerns , to no avail .
( The PRC embassy in Washington , D.C. , maintains a large lobbying presence to influence congressmen and their staffs through direct contact . )
In June 2007 , a Pentagon computer network utilized by the U.S. defense secretary 's office was hacked into -- and traced directly back to the Chinese PLA .
A report presented to Congress late last year characterized PRC espionage as " the single greatest risk to the security of American technologies . "
Almost simultaneously , Jonathan Evans , director - general of MI5 , Britain 's domestic security and counterintelligence service , sent a confidential letter to CEOs and security chiefs at 300 UK companies to warn that they were under attack by " Chinese state organizations " whose purpose , said Mr. Evans , was to defeat their computer security systems and steal confidential commercial information .
The Chinese had specifically targeted Rolls - Royce and Shell Oil .
The key to unlocking computer secrets through rogue microchips is uncovering ( or stealing ) source codes , without which such microchips would be useless .
This is why Chinese espionage is so heavily focused upon the U.S. computer industry .
Four main computer operating systems exist .
Two of them , Unix and Linux , utilize open - source codes .
Apple 's operating system is Unix - based .
Which leaves only Microsoft as the source code worth cracking .
But in early 2004 , Microsoft announced that its security had been breached and that its source code was " lost or stolen . "
" As technology evolves , each new program has a new source code , " a computer forensics expert told The Investigator .
" So the Chinese would need ongoing access to new Microsoft source codes for maintaining their ability to activate any microchips they may have installed , along with the expertise to utilize new hardware technology . "
No surprise then that the FBI expends much of its counterintelligence resources these days on Chinese high - tech espionage within the United States .
Timothy Bereznay , while still serving as assistant director of the FBI 's Counterintelligence Division , told USA Today , " Foreign collectors do n't wait until something is classified -- they 're targeting it at the research and development stage . "
Mr. Bereznay now heads Raytheon 's Intelligence and Information Systems division .
The PRC 's intelligence services use tourists , exchange students and trade show attendees to gather strategic data , mostly from open sources .
They have also created over 3,500 front companies in the United States -- including several based in Palo Alto to focus on computer technology .
Back in 2005 , when the Chinese espionage problem was thought to be focused on military technology , then - FBI counterintelligence operations chief Dave Szady said , " I think the problem is huge , and it 's something we 're just getting our arms around . "
Little did he know just how huge , as it currently applies to computer network security .
The FBI is reported to have arrested more than 25 Chinese nationals and Chinese - Americans on suspicion of conspiracy to commit espionage between 2004 and 2006 .
The Investigator endeavored to update this figure , but was told by FBI spokesman William Carter , " We do not track cases by ethnicity . "
Excuse us for asking .
We may be losing secrets , but at least the dignity of our political correctness remains intact .
Oh , and Homeland Security snagged comic icon Jerry Lewis , 82 , trying to board a plane in Las Vegas with a gun -- no joke .
If you have a story idea for The Investigator , contact him at reringer@newspress.com .
State if your query is confidential .
By Jim Muir
BBC News , Tehran
If anybody had hoped that Barack Obama 's election victory would lead to a swift breakthrough in Washington 's relations with one of its toughest adversaries , Iran , the honeymoon seems to be over before it even began .
Mr Obama said he would not react " knee - jerk " to Iranian congratulations Many Iranians , including some officials , were thrilled by the stunning election victory , seeing it as offering hope of a radical change in US foreign policy and relations .
The two countries have had no diplomatic relations since shortly after the Islamic revolution in 1979 , and tensions have risen recently over Iran 's nuclear programme .
Both Mr Obama and his future vice - president , Senator Joseph Biden , have in the past advocated unconditional dialogue with Iran .
That was one reason behind the excitement generated in Iran by their election success .
No ' knee - jerk ' response
That excitement led the country 's quixotic president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , to break with precedent and send a congratulatory message to the American president - elect .
But it swiftly became apparent that a whirlwind romance was out of the question , as political problems sprang up on both sides .
In Iran , both Mr Ahmadinejad 's initiative and Mr Obama 's cagey response drew fierce attacks from rival hard - line circles , where the political atmosphere is already heating up sharply in advance of Iranian presidential elections next June .
It signals a continuation of the erroneous policies of the past ...
Change has to be strategic , not just cosmetic
Ali Larijani
Iranian Speaker of Parliament
Obama 's top foreign challenges
On the American side , while Barack Obama responded gracefully and personally to messages of congratulation from other world leaders , he held back from doing so with Mr Ahmadinejad , mindful of the political implications of such a gesture .
He said he would be reviewing the Iranian president 's letter and responding appropriately , rather than reacting in a " knee - jerk fashion " .
But Mr Obama made it clear that he will not be a soft touch when it comes to Tehran .
" Iran 's development of a nuclear weapon I believe is unacceptable .
We have to mount an international effort to prevent that from happening , " he said .
" Iran 's support of terrorist organisations , I think , is something that has to cease . "
The Speaker of the Iranian parliament , Ali Larijani - who has been sharply at odds with President Ahmadinejad over parliament 's impeachment last week of the latter 's interior minister - described Mr Obama 's comments as a step in the wrong direction .
" It signals a continuation of the erroneous policies of the past , " he said .
" Change has to be strategic , not just cosmetic . "
Hard - line Iranian newspapers on Sunday took up the theme of continuing American hostility to Iran and a common policy shared by Republicans and Democrats alike .
Some also pointed out that one of Mr Obama 's first actions was to appoint as his chief of staff Rahm Emanuel , whose background reportedly includes volunteer service in the Israeli army .
Reformist support Some also criticised Mr Ahmadinejad directly for stretching out his hand to the American president - elect .
The right - wing daily Jumhouri Islami said his initiative was wrong on several counts .
If it was a prelude to reopening a dialogue with Washington , it said , such issues were of a magnitude which only Iran 's Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , was qualified to address .
President Ahmadinejad sent Mr Obama a congratulatory letter Ironically , the main voices raised in support of Mr Ahmadinejad 's overture came from the reformist camp , which favours dialogue with Washington and which is normally at loggerheads with the president .
The issue of opening a direct dialogue between Washington and Tehran is clearly a political minefield for both sides .
But that does not necessarily mean it will not happen .
As he pointed out in his remarks about President Ahmadinejad 's letter , Mr Obama 's hands are in any case tied until he takes office in January .
The economic and financial crisis will then be his obvious first priority .
But he has already singled out Iran and its pursuit of nuclear technology as a compelling foreign policy issue to be addressed , and he has not so far drawn back from the idea of direct talks , an approach long championed by Senator Biden .
Shark - pool Back in Tehran , much will depend on the position taken by Ayatollah Khamenei .
His addresses are often very tough on the United States .
But some Iranian officials say that he is not against a direct dialogue , if it is without preconditions and Iran 's dignity is respected .
There is even some speculation about who might be qualified and authorised to conduct talks from the Iranian side .
The US remains unpopular with many Iranians Only if a dialogue had the clear support of the Leader - who cannot be criticised - would it be likely to resist being torn to shreds in the shark - pool of Iranian factional politics .
If direct talks did get under way , it would clearly not be plain sailing .
Iranian officials and leaders remain adamant about what they see as their absolute right to pursue nuclear fuel enrichment , which they insist is only for peaceful power - generation purposes .
The Americans - apparently including Mr Obama - and others are convinced that Tehran is actually seeking to develop nuclear arms , and insist it must stop enrichment operations in exchange for imports of ready - enriched nuclear fuel and other inducements .
Some reformist leaders have suggested that the ascendant hard - liners do n't really want normalisation with the US , on the grounds that continuing tension allows them to focus on external threats and silence their domestic critics .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The consumerist credit machine is coming to a grinding halt .
It is hard to wean yourself off an addiction that has persisted for decades , unchallenged and enabled by companies and financial engineering .
The idea of buying things with money you currently do n’t have is n’t a new concept .
In Edward Bellamy ’s novel Looking Backward the concept for a credit card was mentioned and this novel was written in 1887 .
Western Union issued charge cards to frequent customers as far back as 1914 .
The major push however came in 1966 when a group of credit issuing banks congregated together and established the now famous charge card which eventually came to be known as the Master Charge in 1969 .
In the past , there was also a novel way of buying something you wanted but did n’t have the cash to buy it .
It was called layaway .
The concept is simple .
You see an item at a store you like .
You pick it out , take it to the cashier and ask them to set it aside for you .
You then make monthly payments until the item is paid off and then it is all yours .
Yeah , I know this method must be shocking to many since delayed gratification is a foreign concept .
Given that people are looking for methods to buy things this is now making a furious comeback given the current climate :
“ ( Boston Globe ) After pulling back on layaway programs for years , retailers are touting the service as a financially savvy way to buy goods this holiday season .
Already , many cash - poor and credit - strapped shoppers are responding by flocking to layaway counters at stores such as Kmart , Marshalls , and Burlington Coat Factory , and using online options such as eLayaway.com .
“ The response has just been tremendous , ” said Tom Aiello , a spokesman at Kmart , which is running a national holiday ad campaign for its layaway service .
“ We know for a fact it ’s a big increase over . . . last year . ”
What a shocker .
And this is n’t a prudent way either .
What is happening is credit card companies are getting body slammed into the ground with rising defaults and restricting credit on many customers .
The non -prime customers can now forget getting $ 20,000 credit lines simply for being able to walk and chew gun at the same time .
Even prime borrowers are seeing their limits lowered .
But make no mistake , this upsurge in layaway is simply a manifestation of the consumerist hamster mentality :
“ People are looking to buy the things they want with noncredit based terms , ” said Michael Bilello , senior vice president of business development at eLayaway.com .
“ The lend - and - spend boom is over . ”
You being the bright and intelligent observer that you are may be asking :
“ Why not just save the money in an interest savings account and then buy the item later ? ”
“ Good question .
The consumerist hamster loves spending and is anti-saving .
A savings account is like kryptonite for Superman .
So , savvy marketers need to figure out a way to make it seem like you are spending and not actually saving . ”
“ I see .
So is n’t this better than using a credit card with high interest ? ”
“ Yes it is .
But it is also better to jump from a 6 story building as opposed to a 25 story building .
Either way , you really need to ask yourself if you should jump . ”
The argument I would throw out is that consumer debt is already much too high and this is a methadone approach to going off the debt treadmill .
Take a look at the most recent Federal Reserve flow of funds report and look at the amount of consumer debt outstanding :
There is currently over $ 2.5 trillion in consumer debt outstanding !
And yes , right next to it you can see that there is $ 10.5 trillion in mortgage debt but that is an entirely different story .
Now that our government has issued the epic and largest financial bailout in history , citizens are actually having to save money to purchase things .
What is this you speak of Dr. Housing Bubble about saving money to buy something ?
This simply makes no sense .
Well , this again goes back to the silent depression that I ’ve discussed various times and I suggest people read the article to get an idea regarding the psychology that is currently evolving in the current economic climate .
Now I know that layaway is better than charging up a credit card .
Yesterday on NPR I heard some girl talking about putting some $ 400 stilletos on layaway .
Yes , $ 400 shoes on layaway .
Welcome to the weird and wacky world of folks addicted to spending .
And maybe that is the bigger issue .
Debt is simply the tool that is used to outwardly express our nation ’s addiction to spending .
The consumption hungry beast that rests in the belly of many Americans .
That beast is getting a furious smack down however .
The latest U.S. GDP report showed that GDP fell by 0.3 % in third quarter :
You may be asking yourself , “ what happened in late 2007 to turn this thing around ? ”
We were already heading into a recession at this time but we strapped on our consumption nation thinking caps on and issued a stimulus to the nation to get things going again .
Those stimulus Wal - Mart rebate checks helped plug the dam for 2 quarter but the third quarter was too much .
Just wait until we look at the forth quarter which is going to see the economic beat down we just took .
Keep in mind the official definition of a recession is two consecutive quarters of declining GDP .
One is in the bag .
We are well on our way to achieving that .
It is interesting to note that Wall Street ’s press secretary the Wall Street Journal had a survey in January that had economists stating that we only had a 42 % chance of a recession .
In another separate survey , 42 % of all economists have undergone a lobotomy in the past 10 years .
They have found there way a bit and issued a WSJ Economic Forecast survey in October saying the probability of a recession is now at 89.3 % .
This is like saying there is a 89.3 % probability that the sun will rise tomorrow .
Consumers are tapped out .
Seeing that consumption is 70 % of our GDP and consumption is contracting , logically you would realize that GDP would subsequently follow suit .
Some people simply lack this foresight .
The Conference Board issued their consumer confidence report and it fell to 31 , the lowest reading we have seen in the 41 - year history of the index .
My suggestion for anyone considering putting something on layaway is this .
Open up a savings account .
You can even get an online one that pays a decent rate and set it to automatically deduct a certain portion from your paycheck each month .
When you reach your desired amount , if you still hope to buy the item withdraw the money and do it .
Why lock yourself in to that single item ?
You are giving the store a free loan .
Why not earn some interest and forget the layaway ?
My guess is that many people will actually enjoy having a nice sum of money saved up and the impulse to buy that said item may have already passed .
Hamsters of the world unite !
Did You Enjoy The Post ? Subscribe to Dr. Housing Bubble ’s
Blog to get updated housing commentary , analysis , and information .
The Republican Nominee Continues to Put Winning by ' Destroying the Fabric of Democracy ' First , and His Country and its Democratic Ideals a Distant Second
As Some ( But Not Enough ) Republicans Back Away From the GOP's ACORN ' Voter Fraud ' Hoax ...
Brad Friedman Byon
10/16/2008 , 7:38 pm PT
Hopefully , soon will come the GOP 's ACORN " voter fraud " fraud backlash , though I realize that 's still very much a hope given the continuous rightwing media 's full - throated reporting attempt to punk American democracy in regards this issue .
Palm Beach
Post , thankfully , bothered to do some actual reporting yesterday , and led with the following good news :
Republican National Committee officials are turning up the heat on a left - leaning organization linked with Sen. Barack Obama that tried to register " Mickey Mouse " to vote this summer , but state officials say accusations of voter fraud in Florida are mostly unfounded .
The story goes on to quote FL Secretary of State Kurt Browning who says : " ' we have not seen a persistent problem across the state of Florida ' with registration fraud by ACORN or other groups . "
And FL's Republican Governor Charlie Crist who says : " There 's some who sort of enjoy chaos .
That 's kind of what 's going on more than fraud . "
Bingo , Charlie .
And rather ironic , given the outrageous statement John McCain made during last night 's debate ; the GOP 's own far - worse - than - ACORN 's record of registration form problems in California ; Crist 's own record of voter purges in his own state ; and the Republican Party 's dismal history of trying to use ACORN at the last minute , just before elections , in order to wreak the " chaos " that Crist was referring to ...
John McCain : ' Destroying the Fabric of Democracy '
Said the once - honorable McCain during last night 's debate : " We need to know the full extent of Senator Obama 's relationship with ACORN , who is now on the verge of maybe perpetrating one of the greatest frauds in voter history in this country , maybe destroying the fabric of democracy . "
So who 's really " one of the greatest frauds " ?
And who 's really " destroying the fabric of democracy " here ?
Even ABC's Jake Tapper called that claim " so hyperbolic I do n't even know where to begin , " and Dahlia Lithwick at Slate tonight says , " Even for McCain that was a little bit of breathless chest - heaving . "
As I 've pointed out , both here at The BRAD BLOG on Tuesday , and over at the UK's Guardian today , there have been absolutely zero cases , or even evidence of any " voter fraud " by either ACORN , or any of the 1.3 million voters registered ACORN over the last two years .
It 's also no small point that the comments above come from FL's Crist and Browning .
Those two have been in the process of purging thousands of legal Florida voters from the rolls based on the flawed " No Match , No Vote " concept , which dumps thousands of legal voters from the rolls simply because they do not have a perfect match on their registration forms with either the state 's Dept. of Motor Vehicles or the U.S. Social Security databases .
E.g. ,
If I 'm registered to vote as " Brad Friedman " , but my driver 's license says " Bradley Friedman " , I can be tossed from the rolls , along with thousands of others , under the sort of strict matching that Crist / Browning are now allowing in their state .
That same sort of " perfect match " test , previously approved by a wholly politicized U.S. DoJ , resulted in the purging of some 26 % of new voters in CA in 2006 , and 43 % purged in Los Angeles County alone , before the policy was trashed in this state .
That 's a similar type of database cross-checking that OH Sec. of State Jennifer Brunner is being forced to make following a Republican lawsuit brought against her this week .
She 's now had to file an emergency appeal at the Supreme Court , to avoid the " chaos " being brought about in Ohio , after the federal appeals court ordered her to change the state 's policies by Friday .
Republicans had filed suit alleging 200,000 improper voters might have recently signed onto the Buckeye State voting rolls .
Same Old Desperate GOP Attempts to Effect Elections
But , as we 've pointed out previously , these last minute claims of " ACORN voter fraud !!! " are nothing new .
See Lorraine Minnite 's must - read " The Politics of Voter Fraud " [ PDF ] , and even the U.S. Election Assistance Commission ( EAC ) 's own bi-partisan report [ PDF ] on voter fraud in the U.S. ( or lack thereof ) before it was re-written by the GOP " voter fraud " scammers who controlled the commission .
The original EAC report , before it was re-written without the agreement of the authors , noted " there is widespread but not unanimous agreement that there is little polling place fraud . "
The only dissenting voice to make up that " not unanimous agreement " , was a member of the now - defunct " non-partisan " American Center for Voting Rights ( ACVR ) , who The BRAD BLOG was the first to out , back in 2005 as nothing more than a phony GOP front - group pushing for voter - suppression legislation , and publishing propaganda to support it .
The report , after being rewritten by the EAC ( chaired at the time by Paul DiGregorio , a Missouri colleague of the ACVR 's founder , Bush / Cheney national general counsel , Mark F. " Thor " Hearne ) rewrote the above to read instead : " there is a great deal of debate on the pervasiveness of fraud . "
So it 's an old scam , but one that 's being perfected now that the media is almost entirely controlled , wall - to - wall , by Rightwingers .
Back in 2004 , Michelle Malkin and wingnut " media " outlet Newsmax ( along with many others of her ilk ) , alleged ACORN " voter fraud " in Ohio , just days before the Presidential election .
In that case , both of them had falsely reported that ACORN was registering terrorists to vote in the Buckeye State .
Despite all the phony charges and bogus lawsuits against ACORN in 2004 having fully collapsed by the next year , the same nonsense was drudged up again in 2006 .
After the Bush Administration had managed to purge a number of their own U.S. Attorneys because they refused to bring phony ACORN " voter fraud " charges during the previous election , their new USA in Missouri was kind enough to bring several indictments just days before an incredibly tight Senate race in the state .
We would later learn that bringing such indictments at that time , so close to an election , was in strict violation of the DoJ 's written policies .
Those 2006 indictments in Missouri --- the state was later described by McClatchy as " Ground Zero " for the GOP 's " voter fraud " scam --- were the topic of an extraordinary Senate Judiciary hearing , finally convened after the Democrats took over Congress in 2006 .
The charges were brought by new Bush puppet U.S. Attorney , Bradley Schlozman , who was confronted about them in the must - watch exchange below , with Patrick Leahy ( D - VT ) ...
Schlozman was later forced to retract his testimony , where he had blamed the DOJ's Public Integrity unit for his bringing the prosecutions .
GOP Registration Fraud Outpaces ACORN
Finally , Steven Rosenfeld filed a superb report yesterday at AlterNet , pointing out , ironically enough , that the California GOP had the same voter registration error problems as ACORN in 2006 .
Only much worse ...
Faked names on voter registration forms .
Error rates as high as 60 percent .
Firing the people responsible for these errors .
Investigations launched by local and state police .
Sound familiar ?
This is not ACORN in the 2008 election 's final days .
This is the California Republican Party and its contractors in 2006 , when the same problems that are now dogging ACORN and providing political fodder for GOP attacks plagued an effort by California Republicans to register 750,000 people .
Rosenfeld 's excellent reporting goes on to " put ACORN 's errors in perspective " by noting ...
More than 120 million Americans may vote in November .
ACORN , which hired 13,000 workers to register 1.3 million voters , had a few bad hires - like any big company .
But unlike the California GOP in its 2006 voter drive , ACORN has a policy of telling local election officials when it believes it has fraudulent registrations .
It is required by states to submit all voter applications and urges election officials to prosecute knowing mistakes .
The current case against ACORN comes from its own disclosures .
... before noting that ACORN 's estimated error rate on registrations seems to be " less than one percent " .
By contrast to the GOP in California , then , Rosenfeld points out , as based on a 2006 series of reports from Los Angeles Times :
Los Angeles Times reported , where 1,800 out of 3,000 submitted registrations were incomplete and could not be processed .
In 2006 , contractors for the California Republican Party had local error rates of 60 percent in San Bernadino County , thereported , where 1,800 out of 3,000 submitted registrations were incomplete and could not be processed .
How does ACORN 's nationwide error rate compare to other voter registration problems ?
The data is thin , academics say .
But two statistics are telling .
A 2007 National Science Foundation report for the U.S. Election Assistance Commission found county election workers who entered voter information into county databases made mistakes 5 percent of time , if poorly trained .
This is not the same as making up a voter 's name , which is a prosecutable offense , but not all of ACORN 's errors are fake names .
Some are the same people filling out more then one voter registration form .
This month in Columbus , Ohio , Franklin County Board of Elections Deputy Director Matt Damschroder said about 2.5 percent of the 200,000 new voter registrations turned into his office in 2008 could not be processed because of typos , unreadable writing or missing information .
He said that error rate was pretty good .
Moreover , in gathering signatures for ballot measures , it is a common practice for their sponsors to turn in " 150 percent of the legal requirement , " said Richard Winger , editor of Ballot Access News .
" With some people , you can't read their hand writing . "
Nobody in the national media is praising ACORN for an accuracy rate of 99 percent in its voter registration drive .
Nobody praised the California Republican Party for an accuracy rate that probably also was in the 90th percentile in 2006 .
Presuming the GOP's California failures were accidents and not meant to defraud the democratic process , much less create an opportunity for Republican voter fraud ( I realize that 's a big presumption ) , that does n't even begin to explain the purposeful destruction , by outfits paid by the RNC , of Democratic registration forms alleged to have occurred in in Nevada , and elsewhere where Team Bush actually paid millions to such operatives , and then tried to hide that fact from public disclosure .
And what about those 75,000 voter registration application cards discovered " in a construction trash bin at Atlanta Technical College in southwest Atlanta " in 2007 ?
Did John McCain , the GOP , and Fox " News " forget to get exercised about that one for some strange reason ?
Real Issues Ignored , the ' Fabric of Democracy ' Shredded
In the meantime , the very real concerns about the impending 2008 election are still being largely ignored .
Never mind , for the moment , that our voting machines do n't work , and that there is absolutely no way to confirm the accuracy of at least 30 % of America 's votes which will be counted on unverifiable Direct Recording Election ( DRE , usually touch - screen ) voting machines .
The real November Surprise is likely to have been spelled out for us in advance , but largely ignored by the bulk of the media , in several recent reports .
CBS News reported on Sept. 30th , on two different reports , by two different public advocacy groups noting tens of thousands of recently purged voters .
New York Times reported on Oct. 8th , on its own investigation revealing that tens of thousands of voters have been illegally purged in at least six swing states , based on erroneous use of the U.S. Social Security database for matching .
Greg Palast at BCC's Newsnight noted on Oct. 10th ( on video ) all of the above .
Of course , The BRAD BLOG has had our virtual hair on fire about all of the above , and much more , for years .
Unfortunately , the good guys do n't have a Fox " News " , a Rush Limbaugh , a Sean Hannity , or even a national candidate who is willing to stand up and tell the truth to a ready - to - listen national audience about the real scams being played out right now on American voters .
And only occasionally does anybody in the corporate mainstream media get the ACORN " voter fraud " fairy tale close to correct .
Though his desperate , dangerous and destructive derision was misdirected at ACORN last night , instead of back at himself and his own party , where such charges rightly belong , John McCain was correct in one sense .
He and the GOP are " now on the verge of maybe perpetrating one of the greatest frauds in voter history in this country , maybe destroying the fabric of democracy . "
As Lithwick notes at Slate tonight , in a just - in must - read , all of the disingenuous sturm und drang about creating just the impression of voter fraud .
With that impression , the U.S. Supreme Court has already expressed its willingness to allow for still more draconian Photo ID restrictions --- sure to disenfranchise millions of minority , elderly and student ( read : Democratic - leaning ) voters --- at the polling place .
Just like their recent decision to allow an Indiana Photo ID law that disenfranchised vets , 90 - year old nuns , college students and untold others , and Florida 's " No Match , No Vote " rule being implemented by Crist and Browning ( even as they decry the " chaos " being caused by their fellow Republicans over ACORN . )
In McCain 's pretend bloating and blustering last night about ACORN " destroying the fabric of democracy " , despite lack of any evidence of any such voter fraud , he was , as Lithwick points out , " either deliberately or unconsciously encouraging his own supporters to grab a handful of the stuff and start ripping . "
Germany 's churches criticised a businessman this week for selling thousands of Jesus chocolates .
Frank Oynhausen set up his ' Sweet Lord ' chocolate Jesus business saying he wanted to restore some traditional religious values to Christmas in Germany .
But the German Protestant Church rebuked the idea as ' tasteless ' and the Roman Catholic Church was not amused .
' I started thinking about how I could reintroduce traditional religious values into this commercial world , ' said Mr Oynhausen , who had been unemployed since losing a recycling business two years ago .
Together with a friend , a local chocolatier , Mr Oynhausen , 54 , developed the concept of ' Sweet Lord ' .
He says thousands of people have put in orders for the figures wrapped in gold foil .
' It is terrible that Jesus is being wrapped up in gold foil and sold along with chocolate bunnies , edible penguins and lollipops , ' said Aegidius Engel , a spokesman for the archbishopric of nearby Paderborn .
' This is ruining the symbol of Jesus himself , ' he added .
Mr Oynhausen is now custom - producing the chocolate Jesus figures , at a cost of € 15 for 100g , but by Easter he hopes to have a partnership with a mass producer .
' We 're hoping to be able to export them around the world one day , ' Mr Oynhausen said .
He reckons there are parts of the United States where they will be especially popular .
In 2007 , a life - size chocolate sculpture of a naked Jesus caused an outcry from Roman Catholics when an art gallery in New York wanted to exhibit it in a window .
No , it 's not a pigment of your imagination : Breakthrough drug can restore white hair to its original colour
In a discovery that could brighten up the lives of millions , scientists have created a drug that restores white hair to its natural colour .
They hope the drug , converted into a shampoo , could eventually be used as an alternative to dyes to hide greying locks .
The drug was found to trigger the production of pigmentation in hair samples tested in a lab .
Miracle cure : Scientists are working on a drug which reverts hair to its original colour
These pigments restored the hair to its original colour , from the white or grey it had become .
This took place no matter what the hair colour was to begin with .
The drug , known only as K( D ) PT , increased pigmentation when it was applied to hairs gleaned from women undergoing facelifts .
However , it was effective only when the strands had been pre-treated to mimic the damage found in conditions that cause hair loss , including some forms of alopecia .
In such conditions , hair that grows back is often white .
Researcher Dr Ralf Paus , of the Manchester University and the University of Lubeck in Germany , said the drug ‘ deserved to be explored as an innovative new anti-greying agent ’ .
Writing in the British Journal of Dermatology , he added : ‘ Specifically , topical application of K( D ) PT may become exploitable for the treatment of post - inflammatory hair whitening that is often seen during the recovery phase of alopecia areata . ’
Nina Goad , of the British Association for Dermatologists , described the study as ‘ an important step ’ .
She added : ‘ It is important to note this is laboratory research and not yet ready for use on patients .
‘ However , while the research is still at a very early stage , these findings could potentially pave the way for new therapies that restore colour to white hair . ’
Back to his roots ? :
Using the new drug , TV presenter Phillip Schofield could turn his white hair back to dark brown
The researchers believe there is also ‘ a reasonable possibility ’ that hair turned grey by ageing would also respond .
The preliminary nature of the work means it is not possible to say if the drug would fully restore hair to its natural colour , although this could well be the case .
It is likely the treatment , which would have to be reapplied regularly , would work for men and women .
The synthetic hormone in the drug could only be used on lab hair samples .
It is not yet ready to be applied directly to a patient ’s head .
WASHINGTON  Despite Sen. John McCain 's recent votes in favor of embryonic stem cell research , some advocates are worried he would n't be as supportive in the Oval Office as he was in the Senate chamber .
The Republican presidential nominee has twice supported legislation vetoed by President Bush that would have lifted limits on federal grants for such research .
But advocates fear the 2008 Republican Party platform 's outright ban on the research , his running mate Sarah Palin 's opposition and recent statements from McCain signal his support could waver .
This week , campaign spokesman Ben Porritt cited McCain 's Senate voting record but would not specify whether a McCain - Palin administration would support federal funding for embryonic stem cell research .
He said only that they would " support stem cell research , " which could refer to amniotic or reprogrammed adult stem cells .
A radio advertisement his campaign released Friday called " Stem Cell " says McCain would lead his congressional allies to improve America 's health with medical breakthroughs but does n't mention the word " embryonic . "
" We 've always been a little concerned that Senator McCain may have voted for this , but would he be there in the long term when he is the president of the United States versus just a senator ? " said Rep. Mike Castle , R - Del. , who supports McCain but advocates the research .
" It 's sort of been a nagging concern all along and it's just been heightened a little bit by both the platform and Governor Palin 's involvement , " Castle said .
Those who oppose the research are also uncertain .
" He seems to be moving away from that position , but we currently have not heard he 's changed that position , " said Colleen Parro , executive director of the Republican National Coalition for Life .
The issue could be tricky for McCain as he tries to appeal to conservatives while reaching out to independents .
Embryonic stem cell research played an important role in the 2006 elections , with 58 % of the races between an opponent and supporter of stem cell research going to the supporter , according to the Center for American Progress .
Polls show most Americans support research using embryonic stem cells , which can grow into any cell in the body and could potentially be used to help treat people with cancer , Parkinson 's and other diseases .
Scientists wish to explore different forms of stem cells to see what works best , but some religious groups oppose embryonic research because it destroys the days - old human embryo .
McCain 's presidential campaign website states that he would " strongly support " funding for amniotic fluid and adult stem cell research and other scientific studies " that do not involve the use of human embryos . "
Porritt did not respond when asked Palin 's view , but a Nov. 5 , 2006 , story in the Anchorage Daily News said she was opposed to embryonic stem cell research .
The issue surfaced on the campaign trail Tuesday when Democratic vice presidential candidate Sen .
Joe Biden questioned why Republicans who say they care about children with disabilities do n't support stem cell research .
Democratic nominee Sen. Barack Obama supports embryonic stem cell research .
Porritt called the statement " a new low " and accused Biden of " launching an offensive debate over who cares more about special needs children . "
Some McCain supporters called Biden 's statement an unfair attack on Palin , the mother of a baby with Down syndrome who pledged to be an advocate for parents of children with special needs .
But an Obama spokesman called it a " substantive difference " and pointed to the Republican Party platform taking " an even more extreme position " on stem cell research than Bush .
His 2001 executive order limited federal funding for research on human embryos to a few dozen lines of cells already being studied .
The Republican platform bans " the creation of or experimentation on human embryos for research purposes . "
Skip to comments .
Does The Constitution Bar Hillary Clinton From Becoming Secretary of State ?
[ Emoluments clause ]
Donklephant ^ | November 24th , 2008 | Doug Mataconis
Posted on by Mike Fieschko
It has n't reached the mainstream media yet , but in the days since Hillary Clinton 's nomination to be Barack Obama 's Secretary of State became official , there 's been some discussion of a little - known provision in the Constitution that could bar Hillary Clinton from serving at Foggy Bottom : [ S ] pecifically , Article One , Section Six , also known as the emoluments clause .
( " Emoluments " means things like salaries . )
It says that no member of Congress , during the term for which he was elected , shall be named to any office " the emoluments whereof shall have been increased during his term . "
This applies , we 're advised , whether the member actually voted on the raises or not .
In Clinton 's case , during her current term in the Senate , which began in January 2007 , cabinet salaries were increased from $ 186,600 to $ 191,300 .
The language of the section itself would seem to be rather clear :
No Senator or Representative shall , during the Time for which he was elected , be appointed to any civil Office under the Authority of the United States which shall have been created , or the Emoluments whereof shall have been increased during such time ; and no Person holding any Office under the United States , shall be a Member of either House during his Continuance in Office .
Since the salary for Cabinet Secretaries was increased while Hillary Clinton was a Senator , the Emolument Clause , as it's called , would seem to apply pretty clearly .
There is a work around , but it 's Constitutionality is dubious :
That " fix " came in 1973 , when President Nixon nominated Ohio Sen.
William Saxbe ( R ) to be attorney general after the famed " Saturday Night Massacre " during the Watergate scandal .
Saxbe was in the Senate in 1969 when the AG 's pay was raised .
(...)
Democrats in the past have inveighed against this sleight - of - hand .
In the Saxbe case , 10 senators , all Democrats , voted against the ploy on constitutional grounds .
Sen. Robert C. Byrd ( D - W.Va. ) , the only one of them who remains in the Senate , said at the time that the Constitution was explicit and " we should not delude the American people into thinking a way can be found around the constitutional obstacle . "
Michael Stokes Paulson , a Law Professor who has written on the application of the Emoluments Clause in the past , says this regarding the Clinton appointment :
The Emoluments Clause of Article I , section 6 provides " No Senator or Representative shall , during the Time for which he was elected , be appointed to any civil Office under the Authority of the United States , which shall have been created , or the Emoluments whereof shall have been encreased during such time . "
As I understand it , President Bush 's executive order from earlier this year " encreased " the " Emoluments " ( salary ) of the office of Secretary of State .
Last I checked , Hillary Clinton was an elected Senator from New York at the time .
Were she to be appointed to the civil Office of Secretary of State , she would be being appointed to an office for which " the Emoluments whereof shall have been encreased " during the time for which she was elected to serve as Senator .
The plain language of the Emoluments Clause would thus appear to bar her appointment ... if the Constitution is taken seriously ( which it more than occasionally is n't on these matters , of course ) .
(...)
Unless one views the Constitution 's rules as rules that may be dispensed with when inconvenient ; or as not really stating rules at all ( but " standards " or " principles " to be viewed at more - convenient levels of generality ) ; or as not applicable where a lawsuit might not be brought ; or as not applicable to Democratic administrations , then the plain linguistic meaning of this chunk of constitutional text forbids the appointment of Hillary Clinton as Secretary of State .
I wouldn:t bet on this actually preventing the appointment , however .
It did n't stop Lloyd Bentsen from becoming Secretary of State [ This appears to be a typographical error .
Bentsen , of course , was Bill Clinton 's first Secretary of the Treasury ] .
But it does make an interesting first test of how serious Barack Obama will be about taking the Constitution 's actual words seriously .
We know he thinks the Constitution should be viewed as authorizing judicial redistribution of wealth .
But we do n't know what he thinks about provisions of the Constitution that do not need to be invented , but are actually there in the document .
Paulson 's argument is certainly persuasive , and while it 's unlikely under present circumstances that any Court will entertain a lawsuit seeking to invalidate Clinton 's appoint , it 's fairly clear that if the words of the Constitution are supposed to mean what they say , then Hillary Clinton should not be Secretary of State .
TOPICS :
Constitution / Conservatism
Government
News / Current Events
KEYWORDS :
( Cleaned up a lot of the html in this article .
Man , was it full of garbage . )
To : Mike Fieschko
And the Constitution also bars none citizens from the presidency .
Not many of the children care .
Yes we can .
Give it to us now .
So do n’t count on this getting in the way .
To : Mike Fieschko
Constitution , schmonstitution !
Hillary Clinton as Secretary of State is change we can believe in .
/ barfalert
by 3 posted onby advance_copy ( Stand for life or nothing at all )
To : All
The Constitution only matters to crazy white people .
To : Mike Fieschko
Still , how does Bill Richardson feel with Hillary possibly becoming Secretary of State ?
Richardson would be just another unknown Congressmen if it were n’t for the Clintons .
Yet he threw them under the bus and endorsed Obama .
Now Obama appoints
Hillary to the job he wants ( and may be the most qualified Democrat for the position ) ?
To : Mike Fieschko
Emoluments ahould be the Word of the Day for today .
by 6 posted onby WayneS ( Respect the 2nd Amendment ; Repeal the 16th )
To : bobjam
Hey , that ’s life as a former Klintonista !
He knew the risks ...
by 7 posted onby WayneS ( Respect the 2nd Amendment ; Repeal the 16th )
To : Mike Fieschko
Man !
That Constitution is a great piece of work .
We should refer to it more often !
by 8 posted onby wolfcreek ( I see miles and miles of Texas .... let 's keep it that way . )
To : WayneS
I like to take a warm bath with them .
To : Mike Fieschko
Although I never like the Red Queen , I have no problem with her being SOC .
The alternative , though , might be Kerry , and I would have issues with that .
To : BuffaloJack
If the constitution was obeyed instead of ignored Kerry would also be prevented from being Sec. of State .
by 11 posted onby Russ ( Repeal the 17th amendment )
To : BuffaloJack
Is there one last Republican standing with the guts to challenge her appointment ?
by 12 posted onby Russ ( Repeal the 17th amendment )
To : Mike Fieschko
It says " when he was elected " .
Does n't apply to Hillary !
To : Mike Fieschko
Well at the very least appointing Hillary to Foggy Noggin could provide some comic relief as well as increase popcorn sales .
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You
Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices .
Start saving today with Wirefly !
The findings were presented at a joint meeting of the American Society for Microbiology and the Infectious Diseases Society of America .
" What was really discouraging was that two toys that tested negative before they were cleaned were positive afterward , " she tells WebMD .
" We do n't know how , but the virus is somehow being transferred . "
The commercially available germ - killing wipes that are commonly used to clean the toys are " only modestly effective , " says researcher Diane Pappas , MD .
That 's the advice of University of Virginia germ hunters who found evidence of cold viruses on one in five toys tested in waiting rooms .
Doorknobs , Faucets Also Harbor Germs
In a separate study , Pappas ' colleague Owen Hendley , MD , found that people with colds can also leave germs on doorknobs , refrigerator door handles , TV remotes , and bathroom faucets .
Hendley is a member of the team that showed two years ago that cold viruses can linger on surfaces in hotel rooms for 24 hours after an infected guest leaves , waiting to be caught by the next unsuspecting guest .
His new study involved 30 adults who were starting to show signs of the common cold .
Nasal secretions from 16 of them tested positive for rhinovirus , which causes about half of all colds .
Participants were asked to identify 10 places in their homes they had touched in the preceding 18 hours , and DNA tests were used to look for rhinovirus .
" As anticipated from the hotel study , we found that people at home also deposit rhinovirus on the surfaces that everyone touches , " Hendley tells WebMD .
Six of 18 doorknobs tested were positive , as were eight of 14 refrigerator handles , five of 10 TV remotes , and eight of 10 bathroom faucets .
Salt and pepper shakers were germ hotspots ; all three that were tested were positive .
Hendley notes that " just having the virus on the refrigerator handle or other surface is not a big deal .
What we really wanted to know is whether an infectious virus could be transferred to fingertips , where it could then make its way to the mouth or nose and cause infection , " he says .
NEW DELHI , Nov 28 ( Reuters ) -
The head of Pakistan ’s military intelligence service , the ISI , has agreed to come to India to share information after the attacks in Mumbai by Islamist militants , an Indian government spokesman said .
Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had requested the visit of Lieutenant - General Ahmed Shujaa Pasha when Pakistani leaders telephoned him in the wake of the attack , his spokesman said .
“ We confirm the news , ” he said of television reports , declining to be named .
Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardai , Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani , and Afghan President Hamid Karzai all telephoned Singh after the attacks in Mumbai , he added .
( Reporting by Bappa Majumdar and Surojit Gupta ; Writing by Simon Denyer , Editing by Mark Williams )
In New Hampshire , there 's been an ongoing controversy about some anti-Mormon , anti-Romney phone calls that were made in November 2007 .
Whether or not the calls were " push polls " as some have alleged , the New Hampshire Attorney General is demanding information about the source of the calls .
And the NH AG has now determined that the calls were produced by Moore Information - a GOP polling operation in Portland .
It 's still unclear who their client was .
From the AG 's press release :
Attorney General Kelly A. Ayotte is requesting the public ’s assistance in identifying who employed Moore - Information of Portland , Oregon to conduct a poll in New Hampshire , in November 2007 , which has been alleged to be a push - poll .
New Hampshire ’s voters deserve to know whether any candidate in our Presidential Primary violated New Hampshire ’s push - poll statute .
On Friday , November 16 , 2007 , the New Hampshire Attorney General ’s Office received complaints from both Mitt Romney for President , Inc. , and John McCain 2008 , Inc. , alleging that an illegal push - poll was being conducted in New Hampshire , contrary to New Hampshire RSA 664:2 , XVII and RSA 664:16 - a.
As a result of these complaints , this Office commenced an investigation .
New Hampshire law requires an entity making a push poll call to provide a phone number from where the poll is conducted and to inform the person polled that the call is being made on behalf of , in support of , or in opposition to a particular candidate , and to name that candidate .
RSA 664:16 - a.
A call is a push - poll only if : 1 . The call is on behalf of , in support of , or in opposition to , any candidate for public office ; 2 . The recipient is asked questions relative to opposing candidates which state , imply , or convey information about the candidate ’s character , status , record , or political stance ; and 3 .
The call is conducted in a manner likely to be construed by the voter to be a survey or poll to gather statistical data for entities that are independent of any political party , candidate , or interest group .
There 's more at TPM Election Central - who wonders if the Romney campaign engineered the calls .
Apparently Moore Information is dragging its feet and asking for more time before it coughs up info the AG wants that could help her track down the sponsor of the calls .
And this info looks like it wo n't be forthcoming until safely after the January 8th New Hampshire primary .
Had the identity of the sponsor of the calls become known in time , it could have had a big influence on the primary 's outcome .
Some have charged that John McCain 's camp is behind them ; others have wondered whether someone connected with Romney himself might have done them , to test anti-Mormon messages or diffuse the Mormon issue by airing it publicly .
According to the AG 's release Moore Information outsourced the job to Western Wats , the firm that actually made the calls -- and Wats was tied to Romney in various ways , giving weight to the theory that Romney himself was behind the calls .
Discuss .
in the news
Find information on where to play casino slots and the latest information on where to obtain a free slots bonus .
Online you will discover many online casinos that will give money to new users .
Jackpot City Special Bonus of 50 Spins Free Join Now
Spin Casino Exclusive bonus of 50 free spins on sign up Join Now
Palace of Chance 100 in free cash with no deposit .
Join Now
The purpose is to get them started playing slots in the casino .
So as a promotional offer they do feature bonuses that are specifically targeted for the slot machines .
Some may give spins away and others may just give a bonus it just depends on their personal marketing department on which type of offer they are going to target .
They have found that most people prefer to play slots so this is the target audience they are focusing on .
Cool Cat Casino Join and receive 100 in free cash as sign on bonus Join Now
Club Player Claim 77 with no deposit , credited instantly .
Join Now
Royal Ace 25 no deposit plus 1000 sign on bonus Join Now
When you sign up to receive a free casino bonus you may wonder what will happen and is the bonus going to be in my account right away .
In some cases your account will be immediately credits and other cases you may have to wait a couple hours or up to 48 hours depending on the casino you chose .
So what you need to do it pick a casino and download it , now the reason we say download is that some of the bonuses will only work if you have downloaded the software .
You can however play on different versions if you would like just know you may not get any of the free money they are giving , or it might be a different amount which will be considerably smaller .
GRAND MONDIAL 150 Chances for 10 on Slots CLAIM YUKON GOLD Deposit 10 get 125 spins CLAIM
PLATINUM PLAY 800 Free Bonus CLAIM ROYAL VEGAS 1200 In Free Cash CLAIM
So you have played through the free slots bonus and you still want to play .
The casinos have a purchase offer for new users and even when you collect the no deposit slots bonus you are still able to get a bonus on your first purchase , so even have multi purchase bonuses so if you decide to deposit a few times you will get more money .
Of course long term players continue to get free casino deals all the time from the casinos .
Or at least you should be if you ’re not then it is time to look for a different place to play .
Overall it is best to stick with a single casino to get the most in bonuses .
There is another way you can be rewarded with extra cash on casino slots and that is earned credits which are called loyalty points .
You will earn these during you play and at any time that you have accumulated enough to cash in , you may do so to top off your overall balance .
So now you can get started playing the casino slots and hope you are lucky enough to win some money .
Cynthia Rodriguez and Alex Rodriguez Divorce Settlement ( Photos )
andhave ended their five year marriage .
She is reportedly pleased with the outcome of the divorce settlement .
The parents of two young children , , 3 , and , 5 months , the couple is said to be ready to move on now that they have reached a court agreement on the division of their assets .
Cynthia filed for divorce from the NY Yankees big hitter in July , asking for a percentage of his earnings during their marriage as well as their Florida property worth a reported $ 12 million .
Details of the agreement have not been made public .
A - Rod is in the first year of a 10 year contract that pays $ 275 million .
His earnings this year are in the neighborhood of $ 28 million .
Looks like Cynthia will be sitting pretty when you do the math .
Just like Christmas in September .
The basis for the divorce was Cynthia 's allegation that the ballplayer was repeatedly unfaithful .
Another NY ballplayer underfire right now is Jose Reyes of the NY Mets .
Check out his dilemma here .
Check out our photo gallery below .
Photos : WENN
Washington D.C. has joined 500,000 + businesses and organizations in moving its communication and productivity tools into the cloud .
Vivek Kundra , CTO for the District , signed an agreement with Google to migrate the organization 's 38,000 employees to Google Apps , the search giant 's web - based offering of communication and productivity tools .
Washington D.C. is a not - insignificant win for Google , and yet another blow to Microsoft 's incumbent Office suite , as a surge of web apps steadily replaces their desktop counterparts .
Kundra signed the contract with Google back in June , and it 's estimated to be worth nearly $ 500,000 a year , according to Bloomberg .
The deal will provide District employees with applications like Gmail for communication , Google Docs for word processing and spreadsheets , the recently launched Google Video for business , and Google Sites to wrap it all together with intranets and wikis .
Google Apps has seen an impressive level of adoption since launching over two years ago in February 2006 as Gmail for your domain .
Six months later , Google Apps for Your Domain debuted and has since attracted customers from many industries , including GE , L'Oreal , Arizona State University , and Taylor Woodrow , a construction firm based in the UK .
Over 500,000 organizations use one version or another of Google Apps , and Google claims that 3,000 more sign up every day .
Google is n't the only party encroaching on Microsoft 's Office turf , though .
Just over a year ago , Google 's closest competitor in the online business application space , Zoho , introduced Zoho Business , a similar collection of apps for online word processing , spreadsheets , calendaring , and collaboration .
So far , GE is probably Zoho 's most significant win .
The company first switched its 400,000 desktops from Microsoft Office to Google Apps , according to WebGuild .
But in September , GE switched to Zoho due to privacy concerns , Zoho 's broader application and feature base , and Google strangely pushing AdWords as a way to make money .
Zoho 's release last week of a complete e-mail solution — including mobile and offline access via Google Gears ( a feature Gmail has yet to support ) — should make it an even stronger option .
If you consider Zoho 's recently launched marketplace where third - party developers can build customized applications for Zoho customers , the company now has a very broad , and more extensible , alternative to Google Apps .
In response to all this cloud computing competition , Microsoft has n't done much and , some argue , it may not have to for a while .
Office is still very much the 800 pound gorilla in this space , and a recent US study says that , while 20 percent of Americans have at least heard of online office suites , over 90 percent have never touched one .
Plus , 2008 revenues from Microsoft 's Business Division ( in charge of , among other things , Microsoft Office ) rose nearly 20 percent from 2007 to over $ 18 billion .
To combat online offerings , Office Live Workspaces gets Microsoft 's foot in the web - based productivity door , but it does n't offer anything more than an online storage locker for sharing documents .
While Office Live Workspaces reached a notable milestone of 1 million users last month , it still requires desktop Microsoft Office software to be of much value — the very software and all the requisite overhead that an increasing number of customers — like GE — are trying to avoid .
Sarah Palin while speaking to a crowd in Florida – on the Campaign Trail – took pot shots at Joe Biden today .
The Senator has been off on bereavement since the loss of his mother - in - law to a heart attack .
Palin is fully aware of the reasons behind his absence .
Share this : Facebook
Print
Reddit
Twitter
Email
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Anonymity Because
In 2004 , a bunch of newspapers ( including the New York Times ) instituted a new policy requiring that articles , when possible , should explain the reasons why the paper granted a source anonymity .
The new policy has created a great empirical opportunity — because in practice the required reason is given after the phrase :
“ [ source ] was granted anonymity because … “ .
The impact of the policy was immediate .
In 2003 there were only 730 A.P. articles with the phrase , but by 2005 there were 9,451 articles using the phrase .
A simple search for “ anonymity because ” opens up a treasure trove of information on what journalists think constitutes a valid excuse for granting anonymity .
Other bloggers have collected a variety of examples :
1. Spoke on condition of anonymity for fear of retribution .
( WaPo )
2. Spoke on condition of anonymity because the investigation is ongoing .
( WaPo )
3 . Spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the subject .
( Hartford Courant )
4 . Spoke on condition of anonymity because of the delicacy of the negotiations .
( SF Chronicle )
5 . Spoke on condition of anonymity because of government rules .
( Boston Globe )
6 . Spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak publicly .
( Herald Tribune )
7 . Spoke on condition of anonymity because of the subject ’s sensitivity .
( Post Intelligencer )
8 . Spoke on condition of anonymity because the decision is not final .
( Times ( reg required ) )
9 . Spoke on condition of anonymity because they feared retaliation from the government .
( Business Week )
10 .
Spoke on condition of anonymity because he remains an informal adviser .
( San Diego Union )
11 . Spoke on condition of anonymity because many people do not know she smokes .
( New Haven Register )
12 . Spoke on condition of anonymity because Mr. Sharpton wants to announce the decision to his supporters himself .
( Times ( reg required ) )
13 . Spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to divulge results .
( Edmonton Sun )
14 . Spoke on condition of anonymity because the discussions were confidential .
( Dallas News )
15 . Spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to talk to the media .
( Casper Star Tribune )
16 . Spoke on condition of anonymity because a formal statement has not been released .
( Billings Gazette )
17 .
Spoke on condition of anonymity because he did not want to be seen as speaking for the president .
( Detroit News )
18 . Spoke on condition of anonymity because he did not want his identity and presence here to be known by criminals .
( Brisbane ’s News )
And it is easy to find more recent examples just by typing “ anonymity because ” into a Google news search .
You ’ll quickly find :
A Google spokeswoman , who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the company ’s policy .
[ A ] person with direct knowledge of the [ Delta / Northwest combination ] , who demanded anonymity because they were not authorized to speak for the airlines .
The public editor for the Times has commendably called for more transparency in this kind of disclosure .
But to my mind , the biggest deficiency is the failure of journalists to distinguish between legitimate and illegitimate retaliation that might be visited upon an anonymous source .
The strongest rationale for granting a source anonymity is simply to protect the source from illegitimate retaliation or harassment for providing information .
For example , in one article “ half a dozen tribal elders from Panjwai . . . spoke ( about Taliban attacks on police posts ) on condition of anonymity because they feared retaliation from the insurgents . ”
Illegitimate consequences can also be visited by employers who might retaliate against an employee whistle - blower .
But newspapers routinely grant anonymity to employees who misappropriate employer information .
Often times these grants are given to sources who could be legitimately fired or disciplined for violating their fiduciary duty to their employer .
The sources who steal — I mean misappropriate — employer information are n’t willing to directly disclose because they know they could be fired for the disclosure .
I ’m all in favor of having a broad definition of whistle blowing .
I think it is appropriate for both the law and newspaper - anonymity to protect workers who blow the whistle on corporate misdeeds .
But I do n’t think that newspapers ’ anonymity policies should facilitate employee malfeasance .
For example , in 2006 , it was reported :
N.B.A. executives — commenting on why Knicks head coach Larry Brown was really fired — were “ granted anonymity because they are not authorized to comment on another team ’s operations . ”
Or last month :
“ [ P ] eople briefed on the negotiations [ concerning the Clear Channel buyout ] were given anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the deal . ”
Misappropriation represents a big proportion of anonymity grants .
I recently had a research assistant code just over 200 grants and found that 40 percent of anonymity grants were unjustified misappropriations ( i.e. where the source was trying to avoid legitimate retaliation ) .
In another 34 percent , the justification was unclear ( for example , the employer might have allowed the employee to disclose information anonymously ) ; and only 26 percent were clearly justified .
I , for one , would prefer not to read articles with misappropriated information .
We ’re all trading in a type of stolen goods .
One way to improve the situation would be for newspapers to only grant employees anonymity if the employee ’s disclosure would be protected by the law ’s definition of whistle blowing .
Indeed , it might even be a good idea to force newspapers that use anonymous employee sources to take on the employee ’s potential liability for disclosing employer information .
An employer who would have been able to sue an employee for an unauthorized disclosure could instead sue the newspaper for damages .
The newspaper could avoid liability by convincing the court that the disclosure was not in fact a misappropriation — because an employer does n’t have a legal right to keep certain information secret .
The first amendment is not offended by limiting newspapers ’ ability to print misappropriated information .
Internet dating service eHarmony has officially agreed to begin matching homosexual couples , beginning next year .
The popular California - based service has been known for focusing on long - term relationships , especially marriage , which has been said to align with founder Clark Warren 's early work with Focus on the Family 's evangelical Christian base and perspective .
Warren , a psychologist with a divinity degree , has had three of his 10 books on love and dating published by Focus on the Family .
It was an appearance on James Dobson 's radio program , in 2001 , that triggered a response of 90,000 new referrals to the website , starting a climb of registered participants on the site from 4,000 to today 's 20 million clients .
As WND reported , the company originally said it was " based on the Christian principles of Focus on the Family author Dr. Neil Clark Warren . "
It stood firm on its decision to reject homosexuals from its profiling and matching services .
Its entire compatibility system is based on research of married heterosexual couples .
TRENDING : With only days to go until debate , Pelosi gives Biden an out : ' Why bother ? '
In 2005 , Warren told USA Today the company 's goal is marriage and that same - sex marriage is illegal in most states .
" We do n't really want to participate in something that 's illegal , " he said .
Warren began to disassociate himself with Dobson that year to shed the company 's association with Focus on the Family .
He said he would no longer appear on Dobson 's radio show , and he bought the rights to books he had published through Focus on the Family and removed the name from their covers .
" Dr. Warren and I have been friends for many years , " Dr. Dobson said in a statement .
" He has been on Focus on the Family radio nine times , and we published six of his books .
We helped publicize eHarmony.com , and yet , Dr. Warren recently said in an L.A .
Times article that his association with us is ' the kiss of death . '
I 'm sorry he feels that way .
He 's a good man . "
The two agreed to go their separate ways .
Now eHarmony has been compelled to changed its nationwide policy toward homosexuals as part of a New Jersey lawsuit settlement .
On March 14 , 2005 , Eric McKinley filed a lawsuit against eHarmony , claiming the company discriminated against him when it refused to accept his advertisement for a " gay " partner .
McKinley 's complaint triggered a state investigation into the dating service .
RELATED : ' Gays ' fume over image used to push same - sex marriage ban
Last week , eHarmony agreed to begin providing an eHarmony - affiliated " Compatible Partners " service to gays and lesbians , with listings labeled " male seeking male " and " female seeking female " by March 31 , 2009 .
For complying , the New Jersey Division on Civil Rights has dismissed the complaint against eHarmony , and Warren is considered " absolved of liability . "
Also , the dating site has been ordered to pay the division $ 50,000 for investigation - related administrative costs and give McKinley $ 5,000 .
It has agreed to provide a free one - year membership to its " gay " service to McKinley , plus free six - month memberships to " the first 10,000 users registering for same - sex matching within one year of the initiation on the same - sex matching service , " according to the settlement .
A new release by New Jersey 's Office of the Attorney General reveals that eHarmony has also agreed to the following terms :
e Harmony , Inc. will post photos of same - sex couples in the " Diversity " section of its website as successful relationships are created using the company 's same - sex matching service .
In addition , eHarmony , Inc. will include photos of same - sex couples , as well as individual same - sex users , in advertising materials used to promote its same - sex matching services
e Harmony , Inc. will revise anti-discrimination statements placed on company websites , in company handbooks and other company publications to make plain that it does not discriminate on the basis of " sexual orientation "
The company has committed to advertising and public relations / marketing dedicated to its same - sex matching service and will retain a media consultant experienced in promoting the " fair , accurate and inclusive " representation of gay and lesbian people in the media to determine the most effective way of reaching the gay and lesbian communities .
e Harmony 's new logo for homosexual dating service
In addition to McKinley 's complaint , a California lesbian also filed a lawsuit against the company in May 2007 .
Linda Carlson submitted her complaint to Los Angeles Superior Court , alleging discrimination based on sexual orientation .
Lawyers have attempted to turn it into a class - action lawsuit on behalf of homosexuals who wanted to use eHarmony 's services .
Carlson 's lawyer told Reuters the complaint was " about changing the landscape and making a statement out there that gay people , just like heterosexuals , have the right and desire to meet other people with whom they can fall in love . "
Antone Johnson , vice president of legal affairs at eHarmony , said the new settlement could compel California complainants to drop their lawsuit .
" We believe that this case is now essentially moot , and we 're confident that we will prove that in court , " Johnson said .
" Now that we 're entering the same - sex matching market , we fail to see what the Carlson plaintiffs could achieve through further litigation . "
Former U.S. Solicitor General Theodore Olson , outside counsel to the company , said , " Even though we believed that the complaint resulted from an unfair characterization of our business , we ultimately decided it was best to settle this case with the Attorney General since litigation outcomes can be unpredictable .
eHarmony looks forward to moving beyond this legal dispute , which has been a burden for the company , and continuing to advance its business model of serving individuals by helping them find successful , long - term relationships . "
An attorney for eHarmony told WND legal battles required a great deal of effort and resources from the dating organization .
" The company spent three years defending against this proceeding , " he said .
" It was a burden in terms of the high costs of litigation and the time and resources management devoted to it . "
Note : A list of contact information for eHarmony can be found here .
The incidence of new cancer cases has been falling in recent years in the United States , the first time such an extended decline has been documented , researchers reported Tuesday .
Cancer diagnosis rates decreased by an average of 0.8 percent each year from 1999 to 2005 , the last year for which data are available , according to an annual report by the National Cancer Institute , the American Cancer Society and other scientific organizations .
Death rates from cancer continued to decline as well , a trend that began some 15 years ago , the report also noted .
It was published online in The Journal of the National Cancer Institute .
“ Each year that you see these steady declines it gives you more confidence that we ’re moving in the right direction , ” said Dr. John E. Niederhuber , director of the National Cancer Institute , who is not an author of the report .
“ This is not just a blip on the screen . ”
Just take one look at these cute pets and you will definitely go “ awe … ” !
and here is our new buddy
See all 17 Pictures of the this Cutest Little Baby Bear …
High five ..?
Cute and Cuddly : Pictures of Shaved Cats …
Do you really think this scarf complements my eye color ..?
Do I know you ?
Photo credit : MayJ
Oh , man , my doggie trainer is coming !
I ’d better pretend I am all sleepy , maybe she ’ll go away …
I do n’t have a big head , I just have a lot of fluffy hair … stop by when I am all wet !
Photo credit : Cutefolio.com
Is food coming yet ?
Okei , onli van mo tu gou …
- What are we looking at , Mom ?
- I have no idea …
I am so scared to sleep alone , Mr. Mouse always comes with me …
Pretty woman , lying in the Sun ,
Pretty woman …
Uuuugh …
I am coming , I am coming , wait up …
Did they shave me or am I supposed to look like this ? :(
Look how cute I am !
Pick me up , pick me up !
Pleaseee !
Oh , man , I left my pink sunglasses at home …
Woohoo !!!
I think I can fly !!!
I am a flying Maltese !
Or should I say - a Flighte - e - e- se ?!!
Are you my Mommy ..?
OMG , what did I do , what did I do ?
I ’m sorry , what did you say ?
Bring you what ?
Watching “ Scream 2 ″ … so scary …
Is this decaf ?
I am sorry … I really am … Can I go play now ?
In what paw do you hold that spoon ?
Is it me , or is it crowded here …
And I never wore braces !
Can you believe it ?
Photo credit : Cutefolio.com
- How long are we supposed to sit here ?
- I do n’t know … just keep looking right , guys .
- Gee , I am so hungry , I hope they ’ll take us down before dinner …
Will you please sing me a lullaby …?
This is my personal bamboo - climbing record - 5 tails and 1 ear high !
Not bad , huh ?
Share pictures of your pets over at our Twitter account !
The French music industry is suing four US - based companies for distributing P2P applications that can potentially be used to illegally share music .
Société civile des Producteurs de Phonogrammes en France ( SPPF ) , a group representing French record labels , is targeting Limewire , Morpheus , and Vuze ( formerly Azureus ) in the legal action .
Its fourth mark is oddly the open source code repository SourceForge , for simply hosting the P2P client project , Shareaza .
At question is France 's DADVSI copyright law , which includes an amendment barring making available software that 's intended to distribute unauthorized protected works .
The provision provides for penalties of up to three years in jail and a € 300,000 fine .
SPPF first attempted to sue the companies late last year , but the proceedings were stalled while the court determined if the law could be applied to companies outside of France .
The law can also be used to force companies to develop a way to block the transfer of unauthorized copyright works .
Presently , none of the applications have such a feature — and given that no massive file distribution business to our knowledge has figured out a reliable way to do this could result in some interesting repercussion in France .
TorrentFreaks , which flagged the story , notes enforcing a ban on platforms that can be used to distribute unauthorized content is certainly ripe for abuse .
What else can be used to distribute content illegally ?
Oh , say , FTP , web browsers , and email .
Hell , the entire Internet itself could be banned in France . ®
No .
I assume , as usual , you want more info , though !
There is a rumor going around that the Chinese government faked their space walk last week .
I 'm getting email about an article in The Epoch Times , and the article has obvious leanings against the Chinese government .
I 'm no fan of their government either , to be honest , but this article has many signs of the authors wearing tin foil changshans .
They bring up the suspicious timing of the spacewalk , for example , as it comes when China is under attack about poisoned milk :
Political analysts say that due to tremendous domestic and international pressure , the Chinese regime moved up its spacewalk in hopes to shift focus away from the milk scandal .
What political analysts ?
Odd that the two journalists who wrote the article , Zhang Haishan and Shi Yu , would n't actually list any obvious sources .
All they ever do is quote unnamed Chinese bloggers , and never go to any other sources .
It 's things like that which should set off your baloney detectors .
The claims themselves are pretty bad , too .
Below is a video of the spacewalk .
The article claims this was all shot underwater , in a practice tank !
As it plays , watch when the hatch opens .
See the debris blowing out ?
The article claims these are bubbles !
That 's really silly .
It 's obviously debris from inside the craft .
Again , an unnamed blogger says that if this were filmed underwater , the bubbles rose too fast .
The authors claim it 's possible a fan blew them .
Yeeeeeah .
Watch as the taikonaut comes out of the hatch .
Observe his movements .
Imagine him in a bulky suit underwater , then watch as he waves to the camera .
That 's clearly not underwater ; his motions are too rapid to be impeded by water .
The movement of the straps and other things hanging off the suit do n't look like they are underwater either ; they look like they are in microgravity .
Another claim is that you can see banks of lights reflected off the taikonauts wrist reflectors .
I watched carefully , and all I see reflected in the mirrors are the black of space , with occasional reflections of the Earth above .
I think it 's the latter that 's claimed to be the lights .
My opinion : all in all , this sounds like yet more conspiracy theorists looking for things that are n't there , and making stuff up as they see fit .
This reads just like an article by Moon hoaxers , looking for anything they do n't understand and trying to wedge some nuttiness into reality .
Tip o' the spacesuit visor to Steven Andreadis and Leonard David .
Just like their American counterparts , Baghdad 's commuters must contend with colossal traffic jams , heavy pollution and terrible parking .
Of course , they also face a gauntlet of security checkpoints and the threat of roadside bombs .
Rather than facing the daily grind behind the wheel , city residents have another option – a commuter train that travels from the suburbs to downtown .
The 15 - mile line , a section of an old railway line damaged during the war and dormant for years , came online just a few days ago , offering Baghdad residents an alternative to slogging through the city 's notorious gridlock .
" The train is faster than cars , it avoids stopping in traffic jams and dozens of checkpoints that people obliged to pass through , " an anonymous Iraqi Transport Ministry official told China 's Xinhua news agency .
Tickets cost 1,000 Dinars , or about 80 cents , and some lucky commuters ride in what was Saddam Hussein 's personal train , complete with chandeliers and Italian - made curtains .
But as in America , many Iraqi commuters complain the trains do n't run frequently enough and they say the stops are too far from work and home .
The commuter line makes several stops in both Sunni and Shiite neighborhoods as it runs from the mostly Shiite neighborhood of Kasimiyah north of the city to the mostly Sunni neighborhood of Yousifiyah south of the city .
Every train stops at the blue - domed train station in central Baghdad ( shown above and in the video below ) that was once a stop on the famous Orient Express .
Abdul - Ameer Hamoud , Iraq 's director of central transport , told the Associated Press the train would be the quickest way in and out of the city .
" The arrival of a passenger by train is faster than by car to and from the center of
Baghdad , " he said .
A trip that would take more than an hour and a half by car may take only a few minutes by train .
Rail travel also appears to be fairly safe by Iraqi standards .
Xinhua reports that blast walls protect each station and riders are screened through metal detectors before boarding the trains .
Even with the added security and ease of use , Iraqis are n't thrilled about the location of stations .
" I do n't think the train would be better than cars , despite the city 's checkpoints and congestion , because the growing of neighborhoods in Baghdad city is horizontal and our houses spread in wide areas in the capital , " government employee Jaber al - Samarraie told Xinhua .
There is growing public irritation over Baghdad 's increasing traffic congestion .
City officials say 600,000 cars have flooded into the city in the five years since the U.S. - led invasion .
Still , transport officials tell the AP they do n't know how popular rail travel will be in Baghdad and the service may have trouble winning passengers .
Photo by Flickr user labanex **. Video by YouTube user USACEGRD .
( CNN ) --
Some lawmakers lashed out at the CEOs of the Big Three auto companies Wednesday for flying private jets to Washington to request taxpayer bailout money .
" There is a delicious irony in seeing private luxury jets flying into Washington , D.C. , and people coming off of them with tin cups in their hand , saying that they 're going to be trimming down and streamlining their businesses , " Rep. Gary Ackerman , D - New York , told the chief executive officers of Ford , Chrysler and General Motors at a hearing of the House Financial Services Committee .
" It 's almost like seeing a guy show up at the soup kitchen in high hat and tuxedo .
It kind of makes you a little bit suspicious . "
He added , " could n't you all have downgraded to first class or jet - pooled or something to get here ?
It would have at least sent a message that you do get it . "
The executives -- Alan Mulally of Ford , Robert Nardelli of Chrysler and Richard Wagoner of GM -- were seeking support for a $ 25 billion loan package .
Later Wednesday , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid reversed plans to hold a test vote on the measure .
An aide told CNN that Reid decided to cancel the test vote when it became clear the measure would fall well short of the 60 votes needed .
Reid did , however , make a procedural move that could allow a vote on a compromise , which several senators from auto - producing states were feverishly trying to craft .
At Wednesday 's hearing , Rep. Brad Sherman , D - California , pressed the private - jet issue , asking the three CEOs to " raise their hand if they flew here commercial . "
" Let the record show , no hands went up , " Sherman said .
" Second , I 'm going to ask you to raise your hand if you are planning to sell your jet in place now and fly back commercial .
Let the record show , no hands went up . "
The executives did not specifically respond to those remarks .
In their testimony , they said they are streamlining business operations in general .
Watch Nardelli ask for help »
When contacted by CNN , the three auto companies defended the CEOs ' travel as standard procedure .
Like many other major corporations , all three have policies requiring their CEOs to travel in private jets for safety reasons .
" Making a big to - do about this when issues vital to the jobs of millions of Americans are being discussed in Washington is diverting attention away from a critical debate that will determine the future health of the auto industry and the American economy , " GM spokesman Tom Wilkinson said in a statement .
Chrysler spokeswoman Lori McTavish said in a statement , " while always being mindful of company costs , all business travel requires the highest standard of safety for all employees . "
Ford spokeswoman Kelli Felker pointed to the company 's travel policy and did not provide a statement elaborating .
Michael Moore on Bailout
He confronted GM in " Roger and Me , " hear how he feels about the possible bailout .
Tonight , 9 ET on CNN see full schedule »
But those statements did little to mollify the critics .
" If it is simply the company 's money at stake , then only the shareholders can be upset or feel as it might be excessive , " said Thomas Schatz , president of the watchdog group Citizens Against Government Waste .
But in this case , he said , " it 's outrageous . "
" They 're coming to Washington to beg the taxpayers to help them .
It 's unseemly to be running around on a $ 20,000 flight versus a $ 500 round trip , " Schatz added .
iReport.com : Should the Big Three be bailed out ?
The companies did not disclose how much the flights cost .
Analysts contacted by CNN noted that the prices vary with the size of the plane and the crew , and whether the aircraft is leased or owned by the company .
Analyst Richard Aboulafia of the Teal Group said that $ 20,000 is a legitimate ballpark figure for a round trip corporate jet flight between Detroit , Michigan , and Washington .
When asked whether they plan to change their travel policies as part of the restructuring needed to shore up their finances , none of the companies answered directly .
But they said they have cut back on travel in general as revenues have fallen .
CNN 's Emily Anderson , Virginia Nicolaidis and Dana Bash contributed to this report .
All About General Motors Corporation • Ford Motor Company • Chrysler Holding LLC
( CNN ) -- China 's Olympic gold medal gymnasts have been officially cleared of lying about their ages .
Widespread reports claimed that gold medal winner He Kexin was only 14 years of age .
An investigation was launched after the Beijing Games over claims that several members of their women 's squad were ineligible because they were not 16 in the year of competition .
But on Wednesday , the International Gymnastics Federation ( FIG ) closed a near six - week probe saying that documentation provided confirms they were old enough to compete .
The inquiry had been called for by the International Olympic Committee who were concerned that the controversy undermined the results of the competition in Beijing .
Watch tiny gymnasts work out »
China provided passports , ID cards and family registers for He Kexin , Yang Yilin , Jiang Yuyuan , Deng Linlin and Li Shanshan , all showing the girls were 16 or would turn 16 this year .
" We have received all we could possibly ask for , " FIG secretary general Andre Gueisbuhler told Associated Press .
" All of them confirm the age that they should be , so what can we do ? " he added .
The Chinese women 's gymnastics team won a gold medal in a team competition in Beijing and five members won individual medals .
One of the challenges came from a blogger known as " Stryde Hax . "
The blogger claimed to have uncovered proof that He Kexin is only 14 .
In Internet searches , " Stryde Hax " allegedly uncovered Web pages showing lists complied by China 's General Administration of Sport that show a 1994 date of birth for He .
That would make her 14 -- too young to compete in the Olympic Games .
CNN was not been able to independently verify the information , but snapshots of the Web pages appeared to back up the claim .
Other bloggers joined the search and reported similar results .
The New York Times conducted its own investigation , producing similar results that seem to implicate He and two other members of the team .
The Times uncovered a 2006 biography on He that lists her birthday as January 1 , 1994 .
But Chinese gymnastics coaches have stridently defended their team .
" Asians have different figures than people from the West , so that 's what caused their suspicion , " said Huang Yubin , head coach of the men's and women 's teams , referring to media inquiries .
" They should n't be suspicious . "
It was not all good news for the Chinese gymnasts , with the FIG announcing that it would step up its investigation into the 2000 team which won the bronze medal at the Sydney Olympics , particularly Dong Fangxiao and Yang Yun .
Yang , who also won a bronze medal on the uneven bars in 2000 , said in a June 2007 interview that aired on state broadcaster China Central Television that she was only 14 in Sydney
Dong , who was a technical official for the Chinese team in Beijing , allegedly provided documents for her credentials which indicated that she too must have been only 14 in 2000 .
Do n't Miss
Age of gold gymnasts investigated
Gueisbuhler warned that legal and statute of limitation issues might hinder further scrutiny and sanctions against the 2000 Chinese team .
Underage gymnasts have been a problem since the 1980s , when the minimum age was raised from 14 to 15 to protect young athletes from serious injuries .
The minimum age was raised to its current 16 in 1997 .
North Korea was barred from the 1993 world championships after FIG officials discovered Kim Gwang Suk , the 1991 gold medalist on uneven bars , was listed as 15 for three years in a row .
Romania admitted in 2002 that several gymnasts ' ages had been falsified , including Olympic medalists Gina Gogean and Alexandra Marinescu .
In women 's gymnastics , younger teenage girls can have an advantage over older competitors due to their often smaller , more agile bodies and lighter frames .
Copyright 2008 CNN .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Associated Press contributed to this report .
Contrary to popular belief , polar dinosaurs may not have traveled nearly as far as originally thought when making their bi-annual migration .
University of Alberta researchers Phil Bell and Eric Snively have suggested that while some dinosaurs may have migrated during the winter season , their range was significantly less than previously thought , which means their treks were shorter .
Bell and Snively 's findings were recently published in Alcheringa : An Australasian Journal of Paleontology .
The idea that these animals may have travelled distances nine times further than mule deer or four times those of wildebeest would have made them the greatest migrators in history .
" There are strong opinions regarding dinosaur migration , but we decided to take a different approach , looking at variables such as energy requirements , " said Bell .
Their research led them to suggest that migrating dinosaurs could have travelled up to 3,000 kilometres in a round trip — lasting perhaps up to six months — half of the distance suggested previously .
According to Bell , the notion of migrating polar dinosaurs is not new ; however , previously - held beliefs were that the animals followed the centrally shifting sunlight , or latitudinal " sun line , " as part of their migration and would travel as far as 30 degrees of latitude , or 3,200 kilometres , in order to survive .
Given their size and physiology , Bell and Snively have concluded that dinosaurs would have been incapable of sustaining the effort needed to make the trip .
" When we looked at the energy requirements needed to support a three - tonne Edmontosaurus over this distance , we found it would have to be as energy efficient as a bird .
No land animal travels that far today , " said Bell .
Bell does not dispute the evidence of migration and points to discoveries of large bone beds as evidence that many dinosaurs also traveled .
In order to sustain the herd , " it seemed to make sense that they would be moving to and from the poles , " he said .
While this view of migration is feasible for some species of polar dinosaurs , it does not hold for all , Bell noted .
" Many types of dinosaurs were surviving in polar latitudes at the time , and getting along quite fine , " said Bell .
" They were not physically able to remove themselves from the environment for a variety of reasons and had to adapt to the cold , dark winters just as the rest of us mammals do today . "
__
Sentry Safe QA0005
__
External hard drives are like the root canals of the gadget world .
Sure , plenty of people need one from time to time , but they 're hard to get excited about .
A waterproof / fire - resistant hard drive , though ?
Now we 're talking !
In fact , when SentrySafe introduced us to the QA0005 , our initial jaded reaction instantly transformed into a frenzied search for lighter fluid and an acetylene torch .
But we 're getting ahead of ourselves .
The QA0005 is more than a lightning rod for disaster .
It also , you know ... stores data .
Unfortunately , that 's where the QA0005 is bare bones at best .
At heart , it 's just a Maxtor One - Touch 4 Mini Hard Drive encased in armor .
That 's it .
So , between the clunky backup software and the bulky design , we were thrown for a loop .
Equally puzzling was the lack of a physical install disk .
Sure , we get it – the hard drive itself is the physical install disk .
But having the manual suggest we " copy all files on the hard drive " in lieu of providing a solid install disk seems strangely low rent .
Install gripes aside , the QA0005 was everything we expected once we got it fired up .
Loading up our precious movie and music libraries was easy enough courtesy of the unit 's zippy write speeds .
In general , accessing files on the 250GB hard drive was simple enough , if not a little poky with larger files like DVDs .
Of course , none of this really came as a shock .
With its rock hard chassis and disaster - loving chops it 's obvious the QA0005 was n't designed for the hardcore media streaming set .
In fact , even common Maxtor hard drive features like the One - Touch system , an external button that can automatically initiate a full backup , have been tossed to the wayside in favor of the unit 's protective chassis .
But honestly – is n't a love for pyromania / water torture what got us here in the first place ?
Right .
So , after unleashing hell on the QA0005 we have to say we 're impressed .
Twelve hours of submersion ( it 's good for up to 24 ) and some quality time in the oven and fireplace ( good for 30 minutes at 1550 degrees ) did n't seem to phase the unit .
SentrySafe strongly advises shipping the drive back for data retrieval after such feats , but we found that our unit worked just fine after plugging it back in .
However , the one thing the QA0005 did n't take in stride was shaking .
Despite having a tough exterior suited for house fires and floods , the unit seems to be susceptible to earthquakes .
Or just old fashioned clumsiness .
If you 're lucky enough to live in the path of tornado or hurricane seasons , then the QA0005 is probably the best no - frills solution for keeping your data safe .
For the rest of us , though ?
You 're probably better off spending the extra dough on something cheaper with more capacity .
— Terrence Russell
WIRED
It 's better prepared for the apocalypse than you are .
Protects from dust and dirt in addition to fire and water .
Whisper quiet operation .
Easy setup – one Y USB cable and that 's it .
Offers protection via password and data encryption .
TIRED
All that protection does n't come cheap .
Surprisingly heavy at 11 lbs .
No expansion options – in fact , opening the device voids the warranty .
Occasionally sluggish access speeds .
Clunky interface for scheduling backups .
No shock proofing .
$ 400 , sentrysafe.com
( Top Image by Sentry Safe / Bottom Images By Terrence Russell for Wired.com )
Alaska Governor gives unexpected answer during Ohio rally
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Tuesday , October 28 , 2008
John McCain ’s presidential running mate Sarah Palin , much to the bewilderment of the 9/11 truth community , seemingly expressed support for a new investigation into the terrorist attacks during a rally in Ohio last week .
Asked by We Are Change Ohio , “ Do you support the family members and first responders who are calling for a new 9/11 investigation ? , ” Palin responded , “ I do . ”
“ I do because I think that helps us get to the point of never again , and if anything that we could do could still complete that reminder out there , ” the Alaska Governor added .
Palin was aware of the context because she then asked the cameraman if he had been affected by 9/11 .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Of course , one would have to be incredibly naive to think that Palin , at best a befuddled Republican poster child and at worst another establishment Neo -Con , would follow through on her support and back a new 9/11 investigation should John McCain snatch victory from the jaws of defeat and take the White House .
And despite the fact that John McCain himself once gladly posed with 9/11 truth activists for photographs , the Arizona Senator penned a scathing foreword to Popular Mechanics ’ ( non-political , they assure us ) hit piece book Debunking 9/11 Myths , in which he claimed that questioning the official 9/11 story is an insult to the victims , despite the fact that the victims and first responders are the ones calling for a new investigation .
For most people , Palin ’s expression of support for a new investigation seems to be borne out of a desperate attempt to say anything to get votes as McCain slips further behind Obama in the polls on a daily basis with the election just five days away .
Other politicians who have been confronted on 9/11 by chapters of We Are Change have either ignored the question altogether , or in the case of Bill Clinton , gone on the offensive and verbally scorned 9/11 truth activists .
Watch the clip .
This article was posted : Tuesday , October 28 , 2008 at 5:49 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Serious Political People
Let me go back to 2000 for just a minute .
...
Where did this idea of a base strategy come from ?
And was it as revolutionary then as it was reported as being when we all look back ?
When did you first hear about it ?
Is it your idea ?
Solomon 's real mine ?
3,000 years on , archaeologists uncover fabled site in desert
In a discovery straight out of an Indiana Jones movie , archaeologists believe they have uncovered one of the lost mines of King Solomon .
The vast copper mine lies in an arid valley in modern - day Jordan and was created in the 10th century BC - around the time Solomon is believed to have ruled over the ancient Hebrews .
The mines are enormous and would have generated a huge income for the king , who is famed for bringing extraordinary wealth and stability to the newly - united kingdom
of Israel and Judah .
Ancient :
The outline of a large square fortress and more than 100 smaller buildings at Khirbat en-Nahas .
The black slag indicates large - scale copper production occurred here
The announcement will today reopen the debate about how much of the Old Testament is myth and how much is history .
According to the Bible , Solomon was the third king of Israel .
The son of King David , he was renowned for his wisdom , the size of his harem and the splendour of his kingdom .
During his reign , he is said to have accumulated a huge fortune from mining and trading , some of which was spent on building the grand temple and opulent palace of Jerusalem .
Archaeologists and treasure - hunters have searched for the mines for more than a century since the best - selling Victorian novel , King Solomon 's Mines by H Rider Haggard , claimed they could hold a treasure of gold and diamonds .
But now , it seems the real version could have been closer to home , supplying the king with copper .
Powerful : King Solomon supervises the building of a temple - archaeologists believe they have uncovered one of his lost mines
The ancient mine was found in a desolate region south of the Dead Sea in southern Jordan in an area called Khirbat en-Nahas , which means ' ruins of copper ' in Arabic .
The region was known in the Old Testament as the Kingdom of Edom .
By Solomon 's time , it had become a vassal state , paying tribute to Jerusalem .
Digs at the site in the 1970s and 1980s suggested metalworking began there in the 7th century , long after the time of Solomon .
But Dr Thomas Levy , of the University of California , San Diego , and Mohammed Najjar , of Jordan 's Friends of Archaeology , have dated it to the 10th century BC .
Dr Levy said : ' We have evidence that complex societies were indeed active in the 10th and 9th centuries BC and that brings us back to the debate about the historicity of the Bible narratives related to this period .
' We can't believe everything ancient writings tell us .
But this research represents a confluence between the archaeological and scientific data and the Bible . '
The ancient site contains around 100 buildings , including a fortress , in the middle of 24 acres of land covered in black slag .
The mine works are covered with trials and holes , and are big enough to be seen on Google Earth 's satellite images .
The team also found ancient Egyptian artifacts at the site including a scarab and amulet from the 10th century BC .
When Solomon died , his kingdom was thrown into chaos and the Pharaoh Sheshonq is believed to have attempted to crush economic activity .
The findings are reported in today 's issue of Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
3.1 . Helicopter platform
A number of inexpensive microhelicopters are now available to RC model hobbyists : Ikarus Piccolo , MS Hornet , Carboon , Dragonfly , Honeybee , Hummingbird , Tiny , Aerohawk , Blade CP , Sky Lark ...
These are essentially scaled - down versions of regular model helicopters , made possible by advances in battery technology .
Some models have a rotor head with fixed collective pitch ( FP ) , while others have both cyclic and collective variable pitch ( CP ) .
Most have a dedicated tail motor rather than a variable - pitch tail rotor .
A recent radical innovation is the " ProxFlyer " self - stabilizing deformable rotor design .
Unfortunately , current commercial implementations are too small to carry mainstream sensors and embedded computers .
However , due to its passive stability , this design will probably turn out to be the preferred choice for hovering robots which do not require high maneuverability .
Another alternative is the quad - rotor helicopter which is more silent , mechanically more robust , safer ( with ducted rotors ) , and probably easier to control than a single - rotor / swashplate design .
Potential weaknesses include : the overall size of the aircraft for a given payload , the energy efficiency of four small motors versus a larger one providing the same lift , and the impact of ( usually fixed - pitch ) rotors with high inertia on maneuverability .
For this project we use a microhelicopter kit containing :
A pre-assembled helicopter with variable - collective - pitch rotor , two brushed motors and three miniature servos
An " all - in - one " controller package with BEC , 6 - channel RC receiver , yaw gyro , and ESCs
A 41 MHz 6 - channel RC transmitter with hardwired CCPM mixing
A 11.1 V lithium - polymer battery
A battery charger .
The aircraft has a mass of 270 g and can lift about 50 g of payload .
Figure 1 . Contents of the integrated controller in a typical commercial microhelicopter kit
An " all - in - one " controller package connects all the components together .
This is in contrast with larger model helicopters , where the connections between the receiver , gyro , BEC and ESCs are exposed and documented .
Integrating all these functions reduces size , weight and cost , but makes modifications harder .
Fortunately , in some commercial microhelicopters , the " all - in - one " controller can be tinkered with fairly easily .
It actually consists of two boards connected back - to - back with a 2x3 - pin connector ( see Figure 1 , “ Contents of the integrated controller in a typical commercial microhelicopter kit ” ) :
A generic RC receiver board with seven 3 - pin PWM servo outputs .
A power / gyro board with BEC , gyro , fail - safe , and ESCs .
Table 1 , “ RC receiver PWM outputs ” lists the PWM outputs of the receiver board , two of which are routed internally to the power / gyro board .
Table 1 . RC receiver PWM outputs Channel Usage 1 Right servo 2 Front servo 3 Main motor ( internally connected to the power / gyro board ) 4
Tail rotor ( internally connected to the power / gyro board ) 5 Unused 6 Left servo B Unused ( 12 ms sync pulses )
Any similar helicopter can be used .
The main requirements are :
O'Neill : Bush Does n't Get Financial Crisis , ' It Shows '
The president 's former treasury secretary speaks out about $ 700 billion bailout .
Sept. 25 , 2008  -- Former Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill said today that our nation 's leaders -- especially President Bush -- are " in a panic " and have n't thought through the $ 700 billion bailout plan in a rush to pass it by the end of the week .
" I do n't think he understands or knows much about any of this and it shows , " O'Neill said , adding that current Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson " knows a lot of about this , and it 's good that he 's there . "
Sign Up for Our RSS Feed and Get the Latest Business Headlines From ABC News
O'Neill , who served as Bush 's first treasury secretary until being fired over diverging views with the president about tax cuts and other issues , did n't have favorable things to say about the economic policies of either presidential candidate , Democrat Barack Obama or Republican John McCain .
" I think most of what has been said by both campaigns about economic stuff is ill - informed and ill - advised , " he said .
Asked for specific problems , O'Neill said : " Everything . "
" Hopefully , whichever one of these two people ends up being president , my prayer is that they will be better than what they have said in the campaign , " O'Neill said in an interview with ABC News this afternoon .
" We have spun ourselves into a position where intelligent people do n't believe they can tell the people the truth and still get elected , so they pander , " he added .
" One can only hope that they understand the difference between campaigning and governing , and that their governing will be better than what their campaign said . "
The Bailout Plan
O'Neill said that " we do need to do something to avert a complete collapse of the credit system " but added the administration 's bailout plan should n't be the only option .
" It is possible to re-liquefy the credit system without ' We the People ' owning $ 700 billion worth of homes , " he said .
Instead , O'Neill would like for the government to calculate the present value of the mortgage - backed investments and then insure , rather than own , those assets .
Essentially , O'Neill said , we run the risk of become the largest owner of foreclosed properties in the world .
" We have notoriously no capability to do anything like that , " he said .
" There is no agency of government that could actually do that job . "
Praying for Congress
O'Neill is pegging his hopes on Congressional leaders to investigate that option , because the Bush administration has the " door locked and they have n't taken on any new ideas . "
So why is the president and his administration pushing so hard for this plan ?
" I think it 's because they 're in a panic and they have n't thought about it very well , " O'Neill said .
The bailout process risks being bogged down by a number of " sideshow issues , " O'Neill added , including executive pay and aid for homeowners .
" Not a lot of people are saying , ' Slow down . '
They 've actually done something a lot worse than say , ' Slow down . '
They 've introduced a whole bunch of sideshow issues like executive compensation and oversight committees , " O'Neill said .
" All of that stuff is not relevant to the central problem of re-liquefying these financial instruments . "
He said there is " flagrant overcompensation " of CEOs but that is a separate issue that is not relevant to the crisis .
" This is a sideshow , and it 's frankly irritating as hell that the political process is so incompetent that it can't differentiate the important from the trivial , " O'Neill said .
" Right now , we have a kind of stay of execution , and workable , meaningful legislation is the only thing that is going to keep us from getting executed . "
Helping out homeowners is also a separate issue in O'Neill 's mind .
" It 's not to say that you do n't feel compassion and sorrow for people that have got financial problems , " he said .
" But if your solution is to give them more money , then you 're going to have to take it away from somebody who 's got it . "
Having this crisis hit right before a key election is not helping .
" It complicates it because [ Congress is ] wanting to rush out of town &133 ; and get reelected , " O'Neill said .
" So rather than doing this in a deliberate way and hearing from a lot of different , careful points of view , they desperately want to be able to leave town on Friday and not come back until the day after the election . "
Mortgage Meltdown Causes
O'Neill said we got into this mess because bankers were not making prudent decisions , because they believed that by reselling mortgages to Wall Street they were n't going to be stuck with the problems .
" We suspended disbelief and said we can take people with no known source income or wealth generation and we can give them a $ 500,000 mortgage , " he said .
" I think there 's a very important thing :
When you violate fundamental principles of economics you can get away with it for a while , but eventually it 's going to get you . "
Does O'Neill wish he was still in office ?
" I wish I was there two years ago became I think I would have blown the whistle on these unbelievable loan practices and we would never gotten to today , " he said .
" That might be wishful thinking .
It 's not possible to really know that .
But I 'm a detail guy and I think I would have been paying enough attention to the details that I would have stopped the music . "
O'Neill has been asked by the Obama campaign " on several occasions " to take part in conversations with the candidate on the economy with the understanding that his participation does n't represent an endorsement .
He said he would be willing to offer the same help to McCain but has n't been asked .
Last Friday , he was on the telephone with an Obama meeting that involved the candidate , his running mate Sen.
Joseph Biden , investor Warren Buffet , former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker , former treasury secretaries Larry Summers and Robert Rubin , and the former chairwoman of the President 's Council of Economic Advisers , Laura Tyson .
" I 'm happy to be part of that kind of opportunity to talk about serious issues and bring the knowledge I have to bear on what people are thinking , " O'Neill said .
" I 'm happy to do that , and I 'd do it for either party . "
Try this regional dialect quiz !
In this exercise devised by Drs. Cynthia G. Clopper and David B. Pisoni you are to guess where the speaker comes from .
Listen to these twelve audio samples .
Match them to the area of the country that you think the speaker is from .
When you 're finished , you can compare your results against the correct answers .
Acoustic research such as that conducted by Clopper and Pisoni is used for a variety of purposes including the development of computer speech understanding systems and strategies for working with the hearing impaired .
For more information visit : The Nationwide Speech Project .
It has been more than 20 years since Mythical Man-Month , author Fred Brooks , published the article No Silver Bullet : Essence and Accidents of Software Engineering .
In his original paper , Fred Brooks argues that there is no innovation in software development that would achieve an order of magnitude increase in productivity ( the silver bullet ) in the ensuing ten years .
Brooks identifies two categories of complexity in software development : the essence and the accident .
The essential complexity of software development is related to the specification , design ( mapping specification to software ) , and testing ( that the design properly meets business needs ) .
The accidental complexity refers to the difficulties related to implementation ( languages , runtime , tools , and programming techniques ) .
In his article , Brooks explained how the various innovations that attempted to address accidental complexity ( at the time ) were not silver bullets , and concluded that the only things that may yield close to an order of magnitude productivity improvement are those that address essential complexity , such as improvements in requirements gathering , rapid prototyping , and cultivating good design skills .
At the OOPSLA conference last year ( 2007 ) , a retrospective discussion panel on No Silver Bullet was held including Fred Brooks himself , Martin Fowler ( who later surprised the audience appearing as a werewolf ) , Ricardo Lopez , Aki Namioka , Linda Northrop , David Lorge Parnas , Dave Thomas , and Steven Fraser as panel impresario .
The panel explored in hind - sight Brooks ’ premise that there is no silver bullet in software development .
InfoQ was present at the panel and has since lobbied heavily to bring this important discussion to the community .
The following is an edited summary , published with permission , including key excerpts from the panel .
Steven Fraser opened the panel by asking those present if they read the article when it first came out 20 years ago .
Three quarters of those present raised their hands .
Steven told the audience that “ I remember that it came out on the day of my doctoral defense .
My thesis supervisor said it was a good thing that I did n’t say anything that disagreed with Fred . ”
Steven continued by presenting each of the panelists and expressing his sympathy for Ricardo and his family which was evacuated due to the tremendous wildfires which hit California at that time .
Then Steven offered each panelist a few minutes to introduce their views on silver bullets in the last 20 years .
Fred Brooks began with a recap of his initial idea :
I postulate that the difficulties with building software can be divided , following Aristotle , into the essence , which is the conceptual structure of the software itself , quite apart from any realization , and the accidents , ( using Aristotle ’s terms — you might prefer incidences , ) the difficulties that are not occasioned by the conceptual structure , but are occasioned by one or another aspects of the process of realizing the conceptual structure in executable form .
Then I assert a mathematical proposition , which I think is very difficult to challenge .
That is , if in 1986 any less than 9 - 10ths of the troubles , are accidents , then shrinking all the accidents to zero will not give you an order of magnitude improvement .
Therefore , if there is a silver bullet — I picked the werewolf word because I say a lot of projects start out seemingly innocent and straightforward , and then in the dark of the moon they turn into monsters ( and you may have had a project like that , I have ) .
Therefore , if there is anything that offers a 10 fold improvement in productivity , it must address the inherent conceptual complexity and that may mean dealing with the concepts at a different level .
So there is the argument .
Now the argument can be challenged on several grounds , one is – You could disagree with the postulate that you can divide things that neatly into the conceptual structure or something else .
One is , you could say “ Well , I believe more than 9/10th of the remaining troubles are accidents ” , I have never had anybody assert that .
But I asserted that opinion which is quite challenged .
And one is , you could say the mathematics is wrong ; I would just say that is foolish indeed ; the mathematics is not wrong , and you know you have seen that in several forms .
Then I undertake to treat in the rest of the paper the various things that have been put forward as silver bullets for slaying the werewolf and try and explain why those seem to me to be dealing with accidents and not essence .
I also make a bold statement .
That is : no one technique will appear in the next 10 yrs , that is ‘ 86 – ‘ 96 , that gives 10 - fold improvement in productivity or any of several other good things .
A burst of papers came and said “ Oh yes , there is a silver bullet , and here it is , this is mine ! ”
When ‘ 96 came and I was writing the new edition of The Mythical Man-Month and did a chapter on that , there was not yet a 10 fold improvement in productivity in software engineering .
I would question whether there has been any single technique that has done so since .
If so , I would guess it is object oriented programming , as a matter of fact .
The next panelist was Dave Parnas , who wrote the first works on designing systems with modules based on “ hiding information ” criteria and who has been a strong advocate for a software engineering to be treated ( and accredited ) as an engineering discipline ( such as civil engineering , mechanical engineering , etc ) .
Dave quickly declared that there is no silver bullet for software and examined why this question is still hot 20 years later ;
Dave provided three reasons :
People have a “ very natural tendency to look for easy answers to hard questions , designing software is hard and it will always be hard . ”
New technologies are often over - hyped : “ they have to kind of paint it as a silver bullet because otherwise people wo n’t listen . ”
Desire for people to seek better tools rather than “ actually learning the trade . ”
Dave used the metaphor : “ there is an old saying : ‘ the poor workman blames his tools ’ - people are poor workmen , I think most programmers are poor workmen . ”
Dave also said that people are looking for silver bullets to avoid learning the trade .
Dave challenged the notion that a lot of progress has been made in software engineering , instead attributing much of our advances to hardware .
Dave Parnas concluded : “ there are some things around which I call lead bullets , plain old ordinary bullets , disciplined , hard working , need a lot of training to use them .
And we do n’t do it and my question really is why do n’t we use the lead bullets ? ”
Linda Northrop praised Fred ’s article and mentioned some her main takeaways : “ that software engineering involves more than programming … the hardest thing about building software is figuring out what to say , not how to say it . ”
Linda agreed that there is no silver bullet and that when her team did focus on essential complexity , “ the results have been breathtaking . ”
Linda cited Kristen Nygaard ( co-inventor of object orientation ) saying that Simula ( the first OO language ) was about modeling .
In 2001 Nygaard said ( in Linda ’s interpretation ) that we had “ lost the essence , we were n’t thinking about modeling , we were all excited about languages and doodads and frills ” .
" In his mind , " Linda added , " that did n’t have anything to do with the essence of object orientation . "
Linda concluded :
The boundary between developers and those that we have , I think inappropriately call users , and our accidental innovations , help little .
To wrestle future werewolves we still need great designers , and I think we still have far too few , and we still need to cultivate an atmosphere of hard work but also an inner-disciplinary perspective that takes us uncomfortably out of our coding world .
Our world of what , if I could just borrow a phrase from this morning ’s key note , “ the technology push ” .
I think the reason we have the technology push is because we do n’t do the hard work to understand the needs of who we are trying to address .
Aki Namioka from Cisco systems was next and suggested that we have seen great progress in the last few years because more and more people are now able to create useful applications ( such as websites ) without being programmers , “ we have actually created tools that makes programming not just something that sophisticated engineers are producing but lots of people … ” .
Dave Thomas , a key figure behind IBM Visual Age for Smalltalk and the Eclipse IDE , framed Brooks ’ paper as a challenge for us to continually try to address productivity ; however Dave called today ’s state of the art in software development ( especially middleware ) a gratuitous disaster due to overly quick fast pace of change in API ’s and frameworks which create immature software and also create too much difficulty for average software teams to track and stay up to date with .
Dave claimed that the majority of today ’s enterprise systems are basically just CRUD applications :
“ In the end these people are trying to do things that are fairly straight forward , and if they were working on a mainframe using a 4GL , they would actually have the thing done . “
Dave Thomas wanted to express his feelings about today ’s universities being more concerned with certification than competence , “ so we are certifying incompetence . ”
Dave lamented that new graduates are not taught a “ broad spectrum of computational diversity … so now any time a new language comes out , these poor people churn and go on and on because they have no basic set of common concepts that allows you to understand these things . ”
Dave Thomas suggested that lessons from engineering and manufacturing are the things that help large projects scale , more so than agile practices ; however , Dave called “ a breakthrough ” that today ’s developers think it is important to test .
Dave Thomas concluded that he has seen “ real successes ” in niches , citing highly specialized domain - specific and specialized language applications in airlines reservations and hedge funds ; however , Dave cautioned that developer skills required are “ very , very high ” and cannot be “ spread to the masses ” .
Ricardo Lopez was up next and gave a spiritual dissertation positioning two constants in humanity ’s history : fear and the need to optimize and improve .
Ricardo positioned fear in this context as fear of the werewolf , who personifies software failure .
Ricardo claimed that there is a silver bullet and it can come from two places :
“ Let ’s go ahead an embrace complexity rather than run away from it because it ’s actually , in my experience , the attempt to avoid complexity for fear of failure that actually leads to the increase in accidental complexity which guarantees failure . “
“ Whenever you seek to strive for the excellence that is within you to become both personal and professional , when you share that with your peers , you are the silver bullet .
You are what it takes to get those magnitudes of improvement in anything you ’re doing “ .
Ricardo continued his empowering message :
When you have thought to improve yourself and pull up others around you by caring about them , caring about their growth both personal and professional have you not seen the increased productivity of your team ?
The whole art of collaboration is about personifying the shared experience of what you ’re going through .
This truly does give you an order of magnitude .
Ricardo concluded that “ the silver bullet you ’re looking for is inside . ”
Providing a personal example , Ricardo pointed out that with regards to the numbers of lives that were NOT lost during the California forest fires that were occurring at the time of the panel , compared to 100 years ago , was proof that : “ We , as a civilization , have done several orders of magnitude improvement in what we are capable of , because we are silver bullets “ .
Martin Fowler was the last in the row of panelists , and began by discussing how important and influential Brooks ’ paper was on his life .
Suddenly , Martin began to scream uncontrollably while grabbing his neck while falling out of sight behind the table .
I threw my laptop to the side and leapt to my feet , intending to go and try to help when suddenly Martin re-appeared wearing a quite scary werewolf mask .
The werewolf was the personification of failure in software projects , as Brooks ’ described it at the beginning of his article .
The following excerpt cannot really be appreciated excerpted , therefore , below is Martin ’s full introductory speech :
I would like to make a few remarks about why I have survived so effectively .
I agree with Mr. Brooks that object orientation is a very dangerous and evil idea , but I have managed to overcome it without too much difficulty .
Certainly there are many good ideas in object orientation , but the great thing is , nobody actually does it .
At OOPSLA , yes , there is a lot of talk of objects , but you go out there into the rest of the world - nobody really does it !
They use the languages - but they have no idea about the ideas .
You might think you have succeeded with objects – but you have a long way to go to defeat me on that front .
And I have other weapons at my disposal !
I love multicore concurrency systems .
You are going to suffer so much with thread problems and race conditions , I 'm gonna have so much fun over the next few years .
Those of course are part of the accidents , they are really not that dangerous to me .
The real issues are those that attack the essence , and even so I have managed to survive .
One of the most dangerous things without a doubt is buying rather than building : the use of pre-built components and structures .
It is a great theory , but it has one crucial weakness - it only helps you if the libraries are any good , and I have been very good at getting people to build very bad libraries .
Another key attack on the conceptual essence has been to grow great designers .
I agree with my former friend here , that this is one of the most promising attacks and worryingly , many of you here understand this .
But fortunately nobody outside of here really understands it .
People want software to be easy to do , they want software to be trivial and there is lots of people who are prepared to encourage this , and as a result they do n’t take software development terribly seriously , and the very invisibility of software development helps even more , because people do n’t understand how hard it really is , and that error of judgment means that people do n’t value great designers enough .
The challenge is not to convince yourselves that you need great designers because you already know that .
The challenge is to make that more visible to the broader population , and so far you have been completely pathetic at doing that .
Then the final point , with the two remaining parts of the Fred Brooks ’ attacks on the conceptual essence , which I will sort of combine together , and it all has to do the way in which people go about building software : the process and the encouragement towards rapid prototyping and incremental development .
One of the great surprises for me over the last 30 years is how much I have come to adore waterfalls .
It is remarkable , you humans , you seem to think that with hardly any information at the beginning of the project you can map out exactly what ’s going to happen , pin down costs , commit yourselves to all sorts of unrealistic plans .
And then you wonder why it is that I always manage to turn up .
That illusion of control , the idea that on basis of hardly any data you can let make these grand predictions , that very folly is one of my greatest strengths .
This is of course why it comes down that even lead bullets do n’t hurt me .
One of the greatest things that helps me is the sheer desire for silver bullets .
People have spent so much of time to trying to create silver bullets , so much of time trying to sell silver bullets , that they create far more work for themselves .
The silver bullet purveyors , they are the great allies of mine .
Thank you .
Picture by Amir Kirsh
Panel impresario , Steven Fraser , then opened the floor to questions from the audience .
The first to speak from the audience was Bertrand Meyer who mentioned the fact that , according to his experience , many people , especially managers , rejected new ideas of the ‘ 80s and ‘ 90s like OOP , which actually were old ones , because they did not believe the new technology proposed to them would have a serious impact on development , and they used as argument the No Silver Bullet paper .
Fred responded by reaffirming that any technological improvement that deals with accidental difficulties wo n’t solve the real problem , even if it brings a 2 - 3 fold increase in productivity .
Linda said that she is not interested in marketers who want to sell their silver bullet , unless they offer a solution to the actual needs we have .
Then she partially disagreed with what Ricardo had said earlier :
When he talked about the reasons for silver bullets , he seemed to have given all noble reasons for why we have silver bullets , that we have fear of complexity and that we want to increase productivity and this sheer daunting nature of complexity drives us to be afraid of it .
I ’d say that there is a ignoble reason why we trumpet silver bullets , and that ’s greed .
John Roberts ( Qualcomm ) asked if a team made of greatest developers from all organizations would become a silver bullet or a recipe for disaster .
Ricardo supported the idea of having great people in a team without promising getting a silver bullet :
It is very important to get your best together , because they are not only the people taking you forward and tackling more essential complexity , and not falling prey to fearing it and therefore accidentally introducing the non essentially complexity , if you will .
You are also providing opportunity for others to learn and that ’s how we leverage each other , and that ’s how civilization becomes what you and I know of it today .
On the same topic , Dave Thomas added :
So if you ’re young and you want to find out how to be good , find the really good people that you can work for , and that includes executives that you can work with , because you learn from people who are better .
Dave Parnas talked about the subject of the previous question saying that someone who wants to sell you a couple of days training course is actually selling a silver bullet , and they should find buyers interested in one , inferring that he was not interested .
A true , lead bullet is education , and that takes a lot of time of learning and training .
The Werewolf could not help himself but grinned :
Yes , it ’s always very useful to me this idea that good people cannot collaborate together in teams .
I can always sow some doubt by saying you can never get good people together , because there are n’t enough of them , which of course stops people from trying to get good people together .
If you do n’t try to get good people together , you ’ll never succeed - so that ’s an easy route for me to take .
Then I talk about the difficulty of getting good people to actually collaborate and that difficulty works well because people do n’t try hard enough to help people to work together .
They do n’t understand that how much we humans need to get on with each other , how much work it is to actually have a team of people collaborating together .
Again people want things to be easy and straight forward , and then , of course , I can always use the heavy weight process , that ’s a very nice technique as well and this again ties into the question about new things .
Take the agile community for instance , I mean they are so cute , they run around talking about how to get rid of heavy weight process , then they forget there ’s a whole group of people now who do n’t really understand what agile is about .
They focus on the syntax and not the semantics , and they ’re completely undermining everything the agile community is doing , and that is very satisfactory to me .
Joe Yoder , the OOPSLA Panels Chair from The Refactory , added that good people , good design , collaboration , evolving requirements , all put together , might not be the desired silver bullet , but may help fight the werewolf off , and deliver the software in time .
Dave Thomas agreed with Joe about having the right mix of people and techniques , but added , based on his own experience , that we encounter a good mixture accidentally , that we do n’t actually know how to do it repeatedly to be able to create it anytime , anywhere we want it .
Fred recommended reading the books Peopleware and The Carolina Way for those interested in leadership and growing great teams .
Linda talked about the difference between managing and leading .
She also insisted on leading as coaches do it , building on character and leadership .
The Werewolf made the audience burst with laugh :
Peopleware is one of the most of the most dangerous books out there .
Fortunately , it is hard work to manage a team and to focus on people 's interactions .
It is much easier to fiddle your thumbs and play with Microsoft project .
Every time somebody creates a PERT chart or a Gant chart , I get to eat an extra kitten .
The panelists were then asked how the productivity could be measured to see if there was a 10 fold increase .
The Werewolf was quick to sneer :
This is of course one of the greatest things I have at my disposal .
You ca n’t measure your output , you ca n’t measure your productivity , no way you can run sensible experiments to figure out whether one technique is better than another .
…
Sometimes it ’s just too easy for me .
Ricardo agreed with the Werewolf and covered some of the methods used to measure productivity , concluding that it is very difficult to do that .
Dave Parnas also sustained the same opinion on measuring productivity , and gave the following example : “ If you give the same problem to 2 people , one of them in 2 days produces 2000 lines of code that does the job and the other in 3 days produces 500 lines of codes that does the job , which one do you want , especially if you have to maintain that code ? ”
Someone from audience asked when can we expect a proper development environment that allows the developers to focus on essence not on accidents ?
The Werewolf was clear what he ’s doing to stop that from happening :
The biggest difficulty in software development is the communication between the people writing the software and the people for who the software is being written .
The conceptual attacks , the essence problems , focus a great deal on trying to improve that communication .
The trouble of doing that , of course , is that it ’s hard to get that communication flowing .
Some of the business people do n’t want to talk with software people , and fortunately the software people are hopeless when it comes to social interaction , they ca n’t talk to business people .
The key things that I do on projects is that I create as many barriers as possible between business people and developers : try to throttle the communications , have them talk to each other in documents , put them into different departments .
Then what happens ( I think one of the symptoms of this is very nice for me ) is that the software people get so frustrated that they firstly lose interest in the business problem , and in which case I have won really .
And they make it even worse because they sense they ca n’t focus on the business problem , so they start focusing on what they do know about - which is infrastructure stuff .
And they build elaborate infrastructure because they can’t think of anything else to do .
Brian Foote ( Industrial Logic ) affirmed that the world is running on “ bad code ” , and asked why do n’t we try being more effective at writing bad code and focus on making bad code better .
Ricardo , in his usual style , mentioned that humanity has never done something perfect and has learned to accept shortcomings , and it will be the same with software .
We just need to get rid of the cataclysmic code , and try to avoid writing bad code , pretty good being acceptable .
Dave Parnas had a different approach to the issue :
What is good for the developers is probably not good for the world .
I have known an awful lot of people who have made a reputation as a genius in their own company or department by writing something so complex that nobody else could fix it .
I think we have to get away from that and I know it might lead to some unemployment of software industry and I would welcome it .
Another listener from the audience asked if there is something we can do to finish the OOP revolution .
Dave Parnas replied quickly that he will give a presentation later in the day that will address that specific question , but added “ you wo n’t like the answer ” .
Fred said that “ the best way to make a system that is useful for a lot of applications is to make one that really useful for one , and then generalize it . ”
Dave Thomas fired at software frameworks :
The best way to get software components is to stop people build software frameworks , where they let the raw material leak out with all the encapsulation violations and complexities of frameworks .
One of the big mistakes we made , I believe , is encouraging people in building frameworks and shipping them .
Frameworks are the best way to ship something that is unfinished and is not professionally polished .
Approaching the session end , Steven invited the panelists to conclude in reverse order , the Werewolf being the first to speak :
It is true that software development has made great progresses in the last 20 years , but to be honest , I am not harmed by the great progress that you have made , because my essence lies in my unexpected appearance .
…
Because human beings have this wonderful optimism when it comes to software , they think that it is always going to be so easy .
And even if you got to be more productive , you still over estimate your capabilities and that ’s where my strength comes , it is your inability to see the real world , that is my greatest strength .
Ricardo was optimistic about our ability to tackle complexity :
We have been embracing increasing complexity from decade to decade , from generation to generation , and will continue to do so , and the werewolves will get bigger and larger and uglier , but this one will pass .
Dave Thomas thanked Fred for the “ grand challenge ” offered , and concluded : “ A goal is important to have , a vision is important to have , not achieving does n’t really matter if you make the journey . ”
Aki pointed out that our search for silver bullets has led us to create software systems that are used by people every day .
Linda expressed her appreciation for being on the same panel with Dr. Brooks and Dr. Parnas , and shared one important lesson she learned from life : “ focus on the essence not the accidents ” .
Dave Parnas took a stand and defended the waterfall software development process considering it has been unjustly criticized .
He also advocated simpler systems implying that complex ones are not the best solution to our problems .
He ended saying that we should not be looking for easy answers to hard questions .
Fred made the following observation : “ I know of no field of engineering where people do less study of each other ’s work , where they do less study of precedents , where they do less study of classical models .
I think that that is a very dangerous thing ” .
Steven Fraser closed the session by declaring : “ There is no silver bullet ! ”
About OOPSLA
OOPSLA , the original conference devoted to object - oriented programming , has grown in scope to encompass programming , practices and paradigms addressing current software challenges , such as programmer productivity , security & reliability , ultra - large scale systems and evolving hardware platforms .
At OOPSLA , you can find out about the latest developments from research and industry , participate in a workshop , improve your skills at a hands - on tutorial , or join other sessions that will feed your mind in creative and fun ways .
WASHINGTON --
The U.S. is actively considering talks with elements of the Taliban , the armed Islamist group that once ruled Afghanistan and sheltered al Qaeda , in a major policy shift that would have been unthinkable a few months ago .
Senior White House and military officials believe that engaging some levels of the Taliban -- while excluding top leaders -- could help reverse a pronounced downward spiral in Afghanistan and neighboring Pakistan .
Both countries have been destabilized by a recent wave of violence .
The ...
A lot of people want to make an argument in favor of government or in particular , in favor of taxation , on the basis of public goods .
Public goods , you might recall , are non-rival , non-exclusive goods , the production of which benefits everyone , but since the benefits cannot be excluded , many people presume that such goods will be underprovided in a free market .
Typically , what they mean is that these goods may be provided in a smaller quantity than they ’d prefer .
For the casual reader , an example of public goods are parks and roads .
Without resorting to a childish absurdum ( i.e. , but my garden is a public good for my neighbors … ) , we can see some problems with the public goods foundation , from the get - go .
Private roads exist in probably every county in the Union .
Private parks do exist : Ski resorts , private beaches , dog parks , etc .
The largest trade artery between the U.S. and Canada is privately owned , maintained , secured , and operated , and has been for 80 years .
All of these maintain some degree of exclusivity , and they are able to do so based on well - defined property rights .
( I like to think in terms of Coase ’s discussion of the Lighthouse Problem . )
Slightly more sophisticated cases are often made for insurability problems , like protection from forest fires , or neighborhood fire departments which have been privately provided in the past , by people even dumber and less technologically - equipped than we are , today .
The plain fact of the matter is that survivor and life insurance programs under the guise of Social Insurance Programs , the forced subsidization of risk via taxation , actually encourages more risky behavior .
It ’s called moral hazard .
But the point of this post was not to belittle the public goods argument on economic grounds , although for what it ’s worth , I ’m not convinced that the argument holds much water .
Even if we grant that certain goods are non-rival and impossible to exclude , even if we accept the premise that these goods will be provided in suboptimal quantities if the market is left to fend for itself , we ’ve still got one hell of an is - ought gap to bridge .
Assuming : Schools are public goods .
Roads are public goods .
Security is a public good .
So what ?
That a good happens to be “ public ” in nature says nothing about whether that good ought to be produced , or in what quantities it should be produced ( if at all ) .
The “ public ” nature of certain goods is not enough , in its own right to justify as a moral imperative , the taxes used to provide for their production , since , by virtue of the good ’s “ public ” - ness , we ca n’t deduce that it must be provided , we cannot justify taxing people in order to provide these goods on account of their “ public ” - ness .
The proper response to the public goods argument is :
So what ?
Gov. Janet Napolitano is President - elect Barack Obama 's top choice to lead the department of Homeland Security , CNN is reporting .
Napolitano , according to reports airing this evening , has indicated she would accept the Cabinet post .
The Governor 's Office is not confirming the CNN report , but is not denying it , either .
When asked whether the governor has been offered the Homeland Security post , or whether she has indicated she would accept it , Napolitano spokeswoman Jeanine L'Ecuyer said repeatedly , " I ca n't answer that . "
A two - term governor and early Obama supporter , Napolitano has been the focus of Cabinet speculation for weeks .
But she has always turned aside questions about her interest in joining the new administration .
She did the same Wednesday morning , telling reporters she is focused on her state duties and is n't seeking a new job .
If Napolitano does , in fact , depart Arizona for a post in Washington , D.C. , it would create a sizable shakeup in state government .
Republican Secretary of State Jan Brewer would serve the remaining two years of Napolitano 's term , as next - in - line to the governorship .
Brewer , a former state legislator , would appoint a replacement for secretary of state .
Found in over 100 locations in England and Wales , Stoneacre Motor Group is one of the fastest - growing franchise dealership groups in the UK .
Representing multiple world renown brands , our New Car offering is comprehensive , with literally hundreds of cars to choose from .
In our Used Car stock , the choice is even larger , with thousands of cars and vans in stock right now for you to drive away in .
Our finance options are many , and we always look to get our customers a deal that suits them and their budget .
In addition , we have some of the best aftersales facilities in the country for your existing car to receive the care it needs .
Find your nearest Stoneacre dealership today and give us a visit .
The internet has a huge security problem that 's temporarily fixed with bent paperclips and some gaffer 's tape .
Without concerted effort , hackers could easily spoil what little confidence remains in the internet .
In fact , cyber- criminals are already exploiting the Domain Name System hack uncovered by security researcher Dan Kaminsky this summer -– essentially setting up fake banking websites that users reach by typing in their bank 's real domain name .
( That 's according to research by Georgia Tech 's David Dagon and Internet System Consortium 's Paul Vixie . )
That 's why the U.S. government finally put out a call Thursday for comments on whether the net as a whole should adopt new security protocols called DNSSEC , and asking who should have the privilege of controlling the master keys .
Two longstanding net infrastructure rivals – ICANN and VeriSign -– each want the job .
Internet experts are siding overwhelmingly with ICANN , arguing that the crucial responsibility of making sure users can trust the technical equivalent of the internet 's phone book belongs in the hands of the net 's main oversight body .
ICANN , a non-profit entity that handles internet name and address issues , argues it should have the job of changing the root zone file , and as the one making the changes , is the only one that can honestly put the official wax seal on it .
That proposal ( .pdf ) expands its current responsibility and removes the
U.S. Commerce Department 's role in approving changes every day .
It would also reduce the role of VeriSign in the process .
Not surprisingly , VersiSign , the for - profit internet infrastructure company that runs the dot - com and dot - net top level domains , thinks it should be in charge of vouching for the accuracy of the net 's master directory document , known as the root zone file .
In Verisign 's proposal , ICANN would hand off validated edits to
VeriSign , which would create the file , and conscript a number of the operators of the net 's root servers to sign off on the authenticity .
That makes no sense to Rob Seastrom , a longtime net hand who has run
ISPs , serves on the ARIN advisory board , and currently working on building EDGE networks for a stealth start - up .
" The whole concept of signing is that you are attesting that this is the right data , so it seems to me , the proper organization to sign the data is the one that created it , " Seastrom said
Seastrom compares the signing process to testifying in court –-
where one can swear to the truth of what he saw or did , but one can't testify to hearsay .
Seastrom also remembers what he calls the " Site Finder debacle " of 2003 where VeriSign unilaterally decided to serve ads to users who typed in a non-existent dot - com domain name , rather than return an error as internet specifications dictate .
" VeriSign would be completely nonstarter [ as root signer ] for any one that remembers that hack , " Seastrom said , adding that any for - profit entity with financial interests in the contents of the zone file should be not be signing it .
VeriSign turned Site Finder off within weeks , following legal threats from ICANN , though it later sued
ICANN itself .
The suit settled in 2005 , with VeriSign horsetrading Site
Finder for an extension of its control over the .com .
Google vice president Vint Cerf
–- one of the net 's fathers and the former chairman of ICANN –- argues that ICANN – which manages the internet technical body IANA –- is the right choice .
[ T ]he agency ( Internet Assigned Numbers Authority )
responsible for collecting changes , additions and deletions to the root zone file AND CONFIRMING THEIR VALIDITY should generate and digitally sign the resulting root zone file update .
This should then be passed to
VeriSign for distribution .
This particular choice of operation allows the agency that prepares the changes to insure the integrity of the new zone file before it leaves IANA .
Alternatives to this practice leave open more potential for error .
In any case , it is vital that the root zone file be digitally signed so that resolvers can be assured that the information they get from the root servers has high integrity .
Bill Woodcock , the research director at the non-profit Packet Clearing House , argues that having ICANN sign the root is just a matter of smart security practices – having the key close to the data being verified .
" ICANN is the one whose name and authority are on the line , "
Woodcock said .
" VeriSign would just be rubber - stamping something that they had no idea of the validity of .
Conversely , ICANN would have no idea whether VeriSign were signing their name to something they 'd fraudulently changed . "
As for Columbia University professor Steven Bellovin , who says he was one of the ones who invented the DNS contamination attacks , he says he 's " glad there 's finally movement towards a real defense . "
The Commerce Department is collecting comment from the public through November 24 via a Notice of Inquiry .
VeriSign offered on Thursday to connect Threat Level with a top executive , but has not been in contact since .
Photo : MagnetBox / Flickr
See Also :
Spaceflight Now +
Subscribe to Spaceflight Now Plus for access to our extensive video collections !
How do I sign up ?
Video archive
Two shuttles sighted
Stunning aerial views of shuttles Atlantis and Endeavour perched atop launch pads 39A and 39B on Sept. 20 .
Play | Hi-Def
Endeavour to pad 39 B
Space shuttle Endeavour made the journey from Kennedy Space Center to pad 39B in the predawn hours of Sept. 19 .
Play | Hi-Def
MAVEN to Mars
NASA has selected the Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution spacecraft , or MAVEN , for launch to the Red Planet .
Play
Endeavour to the VAB
For its role as a rescue craft during the Hubble servicing mission and the scheduled November logistics run to the space station , Endeavour is moved to the Vehicle Assembly Building .
Play
STS - 125 : The mission
A detailed step - by - step preview of space shuttle Atlantis ' STS - 125 mission to extend the life and vision of the Hubble Space Telescope .
Play
Become a subscriber
More video
Falcon 1
Flight 4 timeline
COMPILED BY SPACEFLIGHT NOW
Posted : September 27 , 2008
Updated : Sept. 28 to correct 7.5 km /sec typo
T+00:00 Liftoff
The Merlin main engine , producing 78,000 pounds of sea level thrust , powers the Falcon 1 rocket away from its launch pad on Omelek Island at Kwajalein Atoll .
T+00:04 Tower Clear
The 70 - foot - tall Falcon 1 rocket clears the small umbilical tower erected at the launch pad .
T+00:54 Mach 1
The Falcon 1 rocket passes the speed of sound while continuing to ride the power of its Merlin main engine .
T+01:08 Max - Q
The Falcon 1 rocket passes through the period of maximum aerodynamic pressure on the vehicle .
This point in the flight is often called Max - Q. T+02:20 Inertial Guidance The Falcon 1 guidance system switches to inertial mode .
T+02:25 Second Stage Pressurization
The second stage 's kerosene and liquid oxygen tanks are pressurized in preparation for the ignition of the Kestrel engine .
T+02:37 MECO
The Merlin 1C engine exhausts its supply of propellant and shuts down , an event known as Main Engine Cut - Off or MECO .
T+02:42 Stage Separation
The first and second stage separate .
For this fourth flight of Falcon , the length of time between engine cutoff and stage separation has been lengthened from approximately 1.5 seconds to 5 seconds .
This will allow the residual engine thrust to subside before the spent stage is jettisoned , thereby preventing the stage collision that caused the third launch to fail .
T+02:45 Kestrel Ignition
The second stage Kestrel engine ignites and ramps up to 6,900 pounds of thrust for injection of the rocket into Earth orbit .
T+02:48 Falcon 1 Reaches Space
The Falcon 1 passes an altitude of 100 kilometers , or 62 miles , the internationally - accepted boundary between Earth 's atmosphere and space .
T+02:53 Stiffener Jettison Structural stiffeners attached to the Kestrel engine nozzle are jettisoned a few seconds after ignition .
T+03:15 Fairing Jettison
The two halves of the Falcon 1's payload fairing are jettisoned after the rocket completes its flight through the thick layers of the atmosphere .
The nose cone shields the payload during the countdown and early portions of the launch .
T+08:49 Terminal Guidance
As the rocket nears orbit , the Falcon 1 switches to terminal guidance mode .
T+09:34 Orbital Velocity
The rocket achieves a speed of 7.5 kilometers per second , the required velocity to reach the mission 's planned orbit .
T+09:39 SECO
The Kestrel engine shuts down after the rocket climbs into an orbit with a high point of 425 miles , a low point of 205 miles and an inclination of 9 degrees .
The payload for this demonstration test launch , a 364 - pound mass designed to simulate a satellite , will remain attached to the second stage .
T+10:18 Loss of Signal Ground stations lose the radio signal from the Falcon 1 rocket as the vehicle flies over the horizon at Kwajalein Atoll .
Data source : SpaceX
Malcolm Gladwell ’s two humongous best sellers , “ The Tipping Point ” and “ Blink , ” share a shake - and - bake recipe that helps explain their popularity .
Both popularize scientific , sociological and psychological theories in a fashion that makes for lively water - cooler chatter about Big Intriguing Concepts : “ The Tipping Point ” promotes the notion that ideas and fads spread in much the same way as infectious diseases do , while “ Blink ” theorizes that gut instincts and snap judgments can be every bit as good as decisions made more methodically .
Both books are filled with colorful anecdotes and case studies that read like entertaining little stories .
Both use PowerPoint - type catchphrases ( like the “ stickiness factor ” and “ the Rule of 150 ” ) to plant concepts in the reader ’s mind .
And both project a sort of self - help chirpiness , which implies that they are giving the reader useful new insights into the workings of everyday life .
“ Outliers , ” Mr. Gladwell ’s latest book , employs this same recipe , but does so in such a clumsy manner that it italicizes the weaknesses of his methodology .
The book , which purports to explain the real reason some people — like Bill Gates and the Beatles — are successful , is peppy , brightly written and provocative in a buzzy sort of way .
It is also glib , poorly reasoned and thoroughly unconvincing .
Much of what Mr. Gladwell has to say about superstars is little more than common sense : that talent alone is not enough to ensure success , that opportunity , hard work , timing and luck play important roles as well .
The problem is that he then tries to extrapolate these observations into broader hypotheses about success .
These hypotheses not only rely heavily on suggestion and innuendo , but they also pivot deceptively around various anecdotes and studies that are selective in the extreme : the reader has no idea how representative such examples are , or how reliable — or dated — any particular study might be .
Citing what Robert Merton called the “ Matthew Effect ” ( after the New Testament verse that goes , “ For unto everyone that hath shall be given , and he shall have abundance .
But from him that hath not shall be taken away even that which he hath ” ) , Mr. Gladwell suggests that children from wealthy or middle - class backgrounds are much more likely to succeed than those from impoverished ones .
He describes a study , begun in the 1920s by a professor of psychology named Lewis Terman , that tracked a group of gifted children and found , in Mr. Gladwell ’s words , that “ almost none of the genius children from the lowest social and economic class ended up making a name for themselves . ”
Jason Hommel
SilverSeek
November 20 , 2008
There has been a recent flurry of news articles saying China may begin to diversify into Gold .
But the articles conclude that China will move slowly , over years , so as to not disturb the markets .
Funny .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
It ’s funny because it ’s like they do n’t know basic math .
China wants 4000 tonnes of gold , to help “ diversify ” their $ 1.9 trillion in U.S. bonds .
It ’s quite a joke .
Please bear with me as I explain .
A tonne of gold is 32,151 ounces .
Please search “ troy ounces per tonne ” at google to confirm , because this one bit of information , and a simple calculator , can help you unlock and decipher the meaning of what you read in the news regarding the gold market , as gold at the national level is usually always quoted in terms of tonnes .
The total ounces China is seeking , is thus : 4000 tonnes x 32,151 ounces / tonne = 128,604,000 , or 128.6 million ounces .
That ’s an interesting number because it is about half of the U.S. official gold reserves of 261 million ounces .
It ’s also an interesting number because the total annual gold market consumption is said to be about 4000 tonnes , while annual mine production is only about 2500 tonnes .
But let ’s now multiply by the current gold price , to see how much of China ’s reserves could be diversified if they obtained that , without disturbing the price .
At $ 736 / oz. , times 128.6 million ounces = $ 94649.6 million , or $ 94.6 billion .
Read article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
The Best New Cars of 2019
These winning picks will keep you safe and get your family where you …
8 Amazing Orifices ( Holes ) !
by www.SixWise.com
These holes are both amazing , and really terrifying -- especially # 8 !
Their sheer scale will remind you of just how tiny we really are !
1. Kimberley Big Hole -- South Africa
Stated to be the largest ever hand - dug excavation in the world , this 1,097 meter ( approx . 3,600 ft ) deep mine yielded over 3 tons of diamonds before being closed in 1914 .
2. Glory Hole -- Monticello Dam , California
A glory hole is used as an overflow for when a dam is at full capacity and water needs to be drained from the reservoir .
The ' Glory Hole ' Monticello dam is the largest of its kind in the world of this type of spillway , its size enabling it to consume 14,400 cubic feet of water every second .
3. Bingham Canyon Mine -- Utah
Stated to be the largest man-made excavation on earth , extraction began in 1863 and still continues today .
This increases the pit size constantly .
The hole 's current state is miles deep and 2.5 miles wide .
4. Great Blue Hole - Belize
This incredible geographical phenomenon known as " The Great Blue Hole " is situated 60 miles off the mainland of Belize .
There are many blue holes around the world , but none we believe as stunning as this one .
5. Mirny Diamond Mine -- Siberia
Here is an absolutely beastly hole , which holds the title of largest open diamond mine in the world .
At 525 meters ( 1,722 ft ) deep , with a top diameter of 1,200 meters ( 3,937 ft ) , there 's even a no - fly zone above the hole due to a few helicopters having been sucked in .
6. Diavik Mine -- Canada
This mine recedes below surrounding water levels .
It is so huge and the area so remote that it has its own airport with a runway large enough to accommodate a Boeing 737 .
It looks equally amazing when the surrounding water is frozen .
7. Sinkhole in Guatemala
The photo above is of a sinkhole that occurred early this year in Guatemala .
The hole swallowed a dozen homes and killed at least 3 people .
And the most terrifying one of all ?
8. The Tax Hole
This is the famous ' Tax Hole ' that you have likely heard about .
It is capable of swallowing trillions and trillions of U.S. dollars ... annually ... never to be heard from again !
The Tax Hole has created a deafening monstrous deficit debt , and forced hundreds of millions to seek " loop holes . "
Did you see that coming ?
Neither did we !
Recommended Reading
The Most and Least Tax - Friendly Places to Live in the USA
Tax Audits : What Signs Make You More Likely to be Audited by the IRS ?
Electric Wire Bypasses Peripheral Nerves To Control Muscles
Monkeys trained to stimulate neurons which have embedded electrodes could control wrist muscle contractions using a sort of primitive " fly - by - wire " system .
Researchers in a study funded by the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) have demonstrated for the first time that a direct artificial connection from the brain to muscles can restore voluntary movement in monkeys whose arms have been temporarily anesthetized .
The results may have promising implications for the quarter of a million Americans affected by spinal cord injuries and thousands of others with paralyzing neurological diseases , although clinical applications are years away .
This is n't just useful for people who have spinal cord injuries .
Direct neural interfaces that can control one 's own muscles could also control heavy equipment such as airplanes .
Also , the ability to control one 's own muscles via an artificial route that bypasses spinal nerve pathways could allow one to control one 's extremities much more quickly .
The wave of depolarization that transmits a pulse down a nerve 's membranes is pretty slow compared to the speed of electrons in a wire .
" This study demonstrates a novel approach to restoring movement through neuroprosthetic devices , one that would link a person 's brain to the activation of individual muscles in a paralyzed limb to produce natural control and movements , " said Joseph Pancrazio , Ph.D. , a program director at the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke ( NINDS ) .
The research was conducted by Eberhard E. Fetz , Ph.D. , professor of physiology and biophysics at the University of Washington in Seattle and an NINDS Javits awardee ; Chet T. Moritz , Ph.D. , a post - doctoral fellow funded by NINDS ; and Steve I. Perlmutter , Ph.D. , research associate professor .
The results appear in the online Oct. 15 issue of Nature .
The study was performed at the Washington National Primate Research Center , which is funded by NIH 's National Center for Research Resources .
In the study , the researchers trained monkeys to control the activity of single nerve cells in the motor cortex , an area of the brain that controls voluntary movements .
Neuronal activity was detected using a type of brain - computer interface .
In this case , electrodes implanted in the motor cortex were connected via external circuitry to a computer .
The neural activity led to movements of a cursor , as monkeys played a target practice game .
Of course , if electrodes get implanted into a person 's muscles this creates the possibility of remote control of a person 's muscles .
A guy could get kidnapped and given secret surgery to implant a radio receiver and wiring to some of his peripheral muscles .
The first time he finds out about what his kidnappers did is when he grabs a gun from a security agent and finds himself powerless to stop from shooting a top political leader .
Other possibilities come to mind with husbands who get tired of hearing their wives gossip .
After each monkey mastered control of the cursor , the researchers temporarily paralyzed the monkey 's wrist muscles using a local anesthetic to block nerve conduction .
Next , the researchers converted the activity in the monkey 's brain to electrical stimulation delivered to the paralyzed wrist muscles .
The monkeys continued to play the target practice gameonly now cursor movements were driven by actual wrist movements demonstrating that they had regained the ability to control the otherwise paralyzed wrist .
Picture mini-electrodes in your brain tied to a transmitter .
You could send messages to many devices in your environment including a garage door , a car ignition , or the thermostat in a house .
I expect human - machine interfaces will become far more powerful in the future .
Every year , the Nobel Foundation in Stockholm , Sweden , announces up to three winners each in the scientific disciplines of chemistry , physics , and physiology or medicine .
As of this morning , since 1901 , 780 individuals have joined the hallowed ranks of Nobel laureates in these and other categories .
And every year , there are murmurings — some louder than others — about the Nobel - worthy scientists who were overlooked .
In 1974 , when Jocelyn Bell Burnell was left out of the physics prize , her fellow astronomer and Nobel reject , Fred Hoyle , told reporters it was a " scientific scandal of major proportions . "
Physician - inventor Raymond Damadian famously took out full - page newspaper ads protesting his omission from the 2003 Nobel for MRI technology .
This year , some will be asking questions about Robert Gallo , who did not share today 's Nobel for medicine or physiology with Luc Montagnier and Francoise Barre - Sinoussi .
Nobel committee proceedings are notoriously shrouded in secrecy , so it 's impossible to know all the details behind how each prizewinner is chosen , especially the more recent ones .
But , according to Nobel historians , most award exclusions seem to relate to one or more of these criteria : limited slots available ( Nobel rules limit the number of recipients to three for each category ) ; ambiguity over who made the crucial contribution ; and lack of experience and / or reputation within one 's research community .
As we enter the 2008 Nobel season , there are sure to be other alleged snubs .
Needless to say , the noble Nobel process is inherently subjective .
Still , going through Nobel history , there are a few cases that stand out .
Click here to view the list
As many of you have been asking for the PLAYSTATION Network Cards ( especially in light of the huge PLAYSTATION Store content update yesterday ) ) , we are excited to let you know that we have a full roll - out at major retailers on the way .
The PLAYSTATION Network Cards will be available at Walmart , Best Buy , select Sam ’s Club outlets in October 2008 , and at Barnes & Noble College Bookstores locations in November 2008 .
Cards are available in $ 20.00 and $ 50.00 denominations and are currently offered at BLOCKBUSTER , Pamida , Meijer Superstores and Speedway store locations .
We ’ll continue to update you as these cards are available in these stores and as they become available in more retail locations .
368,379 people killed , 306,096 injured and over $ 2,815,931,000 in economic damages
What 's the harm in HIV / AIDS denial ?
There are people who deny that HIV is actually the cause of AIDS , and some deny that AIDS is even a disease at all .
Belief in this poses understandable risks to those infected .
Read more about HIV / AIDS denial
Here are 365,026 people who were harmed by someone not thinking critically .
Ken Anderlini Age : 45
Vancouver , BC , Canada Died
April 17 , 2007 Ken was a filmmaker and professor at Simon Fraser University .
He did not believe that HIV is the cause of AIDS .
He later died of a neurological disorder that his friends admitted mainstream medicine would have said was caused by HIV .
Read more
Fela Anikulapo - Kuti ( musician ) Age : 58
Lagos , Nigeria Died
August 2 , 1997
A famous musician and activist in Nigeria , Fela claimed that AIDS did not exist .
He later died of the disease .
Read more & more
Michael Bellefountaine Age : 41
San Francisco , California Died
May 10 , 2007 Michael was a member of ACT UP San Francisco , a group that denies that HIV is the cause of AIDS .
He later died of the disease .
Read more & more
Sophie Brassard Age : 37
Montreal , Quebec , Canada Died
September 16 , 2002 Sophie was HIV - positive and mother of two HIV - positive sons .
She denied that HIV caused AIDS and refused conventional treatments for her sons .
Her custody was revoked and she later died of AIDS .
Read more
Ronnie Burk Age : 47
San Francisco , California Died
March 12 , 2003
A poet , artist and activist , Ronnie belonged to ACT UP San Francisco , a group that denies that HIV causes AIDS .
He died of the disease .
Read more & more
Sylvie Cousseau Age : 41
Paris , France Died
March 31 , 2001 Sylvie was diagnosed HIV positive , but pursued alternative treatments for her disease including homeopathy , acupuncture and drinking her own urine .
She eventually died of AIDS .
Read more & more & more
Mark Griffiths Southwestern France Died
October 2004
He ran an HIV denialist website .
His friends speculated as to the cause of his death , but many believe it was due to AIDS .
Read more & more
Robert Johnston Toronto , Ontario , Canada Died
April 3 , 2003 HIV denialism Read more
Christine Maggiore Age : 52
Van Nuys , California Died
December 27 , 2008
She denied that HIV caused AIDS and refused to take medications for her herself or give them to her children .
Her daughter Eliza Jane Scovill died in 2005 , and she died in 2008 .
Read more
Peter Mokaba ( politician ) Age : 43
Johannesburg , South Africa Died
June 9 , 2002
A strong youth leader during South Africa 's struggle for freedom , he later denied the existence of HIV .
He also described anti-retroviral medications for AIDS as " poison " .
He later died of the disease .
Read more & more
Marietta Ndziba Cape Town , South Africa Died
October 2005
She was given a quack medical cure , including large doses of vitamins , for AIDS .
She even endorsed the cure on the salesman 's website .
She later died of AIDS .
Read more & more
Noxolo Ngalo Du Noon , Cape Town , South Africa Died
October 30 , 2005
She was being treated with vitamin megadoses for AIDS , but died of liver failure .
Read more & more & more
David Pasquarelli Age : 36
San Francisco , California Died
March 8 , 2004 David was a leader of ACT UP San Francisco , a group that denies HIV causes AIDS .
He eventually died of the disease .
Read more & more
Eliza Jane Scovill Age : 3
Los Angeles , California Died
May 15 , 2005
Her HIV - positive mother refused to take HIV medications while pregnant and did not have the girl tested .
She told Air America the girl was very healthy .
Seven weeks later she was dead of AIDS - related pneumonia .
Read more
Jody Wells England Died
HIV denialism Read more
Huw Christie Harry Williams Age : 41
St. Helens , Tasmania , Australia Died
August 17 , 2001
He was an editor of Continuum , an AIDS denialist newsletter , which folded after all its editors died .
He did not believe AIDS was caused by HIV , and eventually succumbed to the disease .
Read more & more
Scott Zanetti Age : 52
Morristown , New Jersey Died
October 6 , 2002 HIV denialism Read more & more
365,000 South African AIDS patients South Africa 365,000 premature deaths
2000 to 2005 A study by Harvard researchers estimates that if the South African government had abandoned its President 's AIDS denialist policies and provided antiretroviral drugs , it could have prevented 365,000 premature deaths .
Read more & more
" Noluthando " Bellville , Cape Town , South Africa Died
June 2 , 2005 Diagnosed with HIV in 2002 , she was was on a waiting list for antiretrovirals .
She started taking an alternative treatment , and in three days she could not even walk .
Soon she was dead .
Read more
" Ntombekhaya " Khayelitsha , Cape Town , South Africa Died
March 27 , 2005 HIV positive , she was being treated for TB when someone offering alternative remedies contacted her .
She stopped taking her TB medicines and later died .
Read more
" Patient X " Cape Town , South Africa Died
October 8 , 2005
He was being treated by a quack when his disease got out of control and he was hospitalized .
He never had a chance to beat AIDS because of the time he wasted on the treatments .
Read more
By Laura Smith - Spark
BBC News
Two decades ago , Douglas Wilder watched as a 9 % lead in the polls in the race to be Virginia 's governor slipped to just one - tenth of 1 % when the ballots were counted .
Are there some people who just cannot bring themselves to vote for an African - American ?
Yes
Douglas Wilder
Mayor of Richmond , Virginia
He still won the election - becoming the first African - American to be elected a US state governor - but the narrowness of his victory led analysts to speculate that he had been a victim of a white hesitancy to vote for a black man .
The theory goes that some white voters tell opinion pollsters they will vote for a black candidate - but then , in the privacy of the polling booth , put their cross against a white candidate 's name .
And the fear among some supporters is that this could happen to Barack Obama on 4 November , when the country votes for its next president .
The phenomenon is known as the Bradley , or Wilder effect .
Tom Bradley was an African - American mayor of Los Angeles who , running for California 's governorship in 1982 , saw a sizeable eve- of - polling lead evaporate on election day , giving victory to his white rival , Republican George Deukmejian .
In 1989 , the year Wilder became governor of Virginia , David Dinkins was elected the first African - American mayor of New York - but he also saw an 18 - point lead in the polls shrink to a winning margin of just two points on the day .
Charles Henry , a California professor who was among the first to research the Bradley effect , says Mr Obama would need a double - digit lead to feel confident of victory .
Other pundits have suggested a six - to nine - point cushion may be sufficient .
Mr Obama currently has a lead of about this size , according to most polls .
Obama on US ' racial stalemate ' But Mr Wilder , now mayor of Richmond , Virginia , and a supporter of the Obama campaign , told the BBC News website that he believes racism will not have a major impact this time .
" Will there be some effect ?
Yes .
Are there some people who just cannot bring themselves to vote for an African - American ?
Yes . "
But , he said : " America has grown , people have grown . "
Controversies over race have cast a shadow over this campaign .
Popular conservative talk - show host Rush Limbaugh has referred to Mr Obama as the " little black man-child " and Fox News has called his wife , Michelle Obama , his " baby - mama " .
One Republican senator described Mr Obama as " uppity " , a word formerly used to describe blacks who had ideas above their station .
Reports of racist jibes among audiences at some recent McCain rallies led John Lewis , a Democratic congressman from Georgia , to accuse Mr McCain and his running mate Sarah Palin of " sowing the seeds of hatred and division " - a charge they deny .
The surfacing of videos showing Mr Obama 's former pastor , the Rev Jeremiah Wright , preaching " God Damn America ! " for its treatment of blacks , did nothing to promote the process of racial reconciliation .
Scepticism Nonetheless , Mr Wilder remains optimistic about Mr Obama 's chances for a number of reasons .
" I do think there is going to be a so - called ' reverse Bradley effect ' because I think there are some Republicans who wo n't openly say they are going to vote for Barack Obama , but will , " he said .
Mr Wilder was the first African - American to be elected state governor
The 77 - year - old puts that down in part to discontent with Republican President George W Bush , with polls suggesting that up to 90 % of registered voters believe the country is on the wrong track .
Recent elections do seem to indicate that the Bradley effect could have gone into reverse .
Research by psychologist Anthony Greenwald and political scientist Bethany Albertson of the University of Washington , suggests Mr Obama benefited from a reverse Bradley effect in 12 states during the primary elections , while the Bradley effect itself was noticeable in only three .
A study by Harvard researcher Daniel Hopkins of 133 gubernatorial and senatorial elections from 1989 to 2006 also showed no recent significant Bradley - Wilder effect .
Other polls , meanwhile , suggest that white Americans have steadily become less reluctant to vote for a black person in the last few decades .
A recent Gallup poll suggested that 9 % of Americans would be more likely to vote for Mr Obama because of his race , compared with only 6 % who said they would be less likely to vote for him .
' Masterful job '
Mr Wilder also believes Mr Obama is picking his way through the minefield of racial - or post- racial - politics with consummate skill .
He says he gave Mr Obama guidance a year ago - and the Illinois senator seems to have followed it .
John McCain has sought to tone down the rhetoric at campaign rallies " He never mentions race as such .
He does n't speak to race other than that particular speech , [ a speech in March addressing the Jeremiah Wright controversy ] in which he did a masterful job , " Mr Wilder said .
" He 's not running to make history .
Is that going to help you [ the voter ] with your livelihood , pay for your kids ' education ? "
Mr Wilder also advised Mr Obama not to become too closely allied with longstanding African - American political figures , such as civil rights leaders the Rev Jesse Jackson and Al Sharpton .
The key for Mr Obama now is to continue to present the same message of change to all voters , black and white , Mr Wilder adds , and the American voter will be " smarter " than to fall for last - minute attacks on his character .
" If things stay as they are , with effort and commitment and determination and drive he will win , " he said .
" I always say to people , I hope the Wilder effect takes place in this election , because Wilder won - so if that 's the effect it has , Obama wins . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
As a historian of the 1960s , I feel a bit like Rip Van Winkle when I watch this year ’s presidential campaign .
John McCain has largely staked his candidacy on the hard lessons he learned during his ordeal in the Hanoi Hilton .
McCain and his running mate , Sarah Palin , accuse Barack Obama of waving “ the white flag ” of surrender in Iraq — a line of attack that parallels conservative critiques of America ’s exit from Vietnam .
Republican efforts to link Obama to Bill Ayers revive the specter of anti-American radicalism with which Richard Nixon drove George McGovern to electoral humiliation .
And Palin ’s resentment of “ the Washington elite ” and her suggestion that Obama “ is not a man who sees America as you see America and as I see America ” recall George Wallace ’s jibes at “ the intellectual incompetents ” who “ look down their noses ” at hard - working , God-fearing citizens .
Obama also channels the ’60s , albeit in a more affirmative fashion .
He describes his campaign as a “ movement ” that has galvanized the young and refers often to his years as a community organizer — a vocation that grew up alongside the black freedom struggle .
The date of his acceptance speech in August happened to fall on the anniversary of the 1963 March on Washington , which made comparisons with Martin Luther King Jr. inescapable .
Yet it is the GOP candidates who echo that turbulent decade in nearly every speech they deliver .
As the absurdly long campaign nears its end , they seem to be betting on the truth of William Faulkner ’s famous dictum , “ The past is never dead .
It ’s not even past . ”
But McCain and Palin are losing , and their reliance on themes from the 1960s may be part of the reason .
Forty years ago , the nation was engaged in a cultural civil war , and such conflicts always take a long time to resolve .
The shadow of the ’60s has fallen over every presidential campaign since then — from debates about “ the Vietnam syndrome ” to battles about drugs and abortion to questions about one candidate who dodged the draft and another who was accused of lying about his combat experience .
Liberals were in power during the bygone era of turmoil and violence , and conservatives have been making them pay for it ever since .
While candidates kept trading charges , however , the nation was changing in fundamental ways .
Recent immigrants , both legal and illegal , have altered the face of the workforce , bringing new tensions and new political alliances that transcend the old division between blacks and whites .
Thirty - five years after the end of the draft , young Americans no longer have a common experience of serving in the military or trying to avoid doing so .
Meanwhile , opinion polls reveal that such “ wedge issues ” as abortion and gay marriage were losing salience even before the onset of the current economic crisis .
It is difficult for politicians to keep kindling resentments from the 1960s when most of the people who were adults back then are now cashing Social Security checks .
It would n’t be the first time that a pivotal era in American history slowly lost its political resonance .
The passions of the Civil War faded in a similar manner .
For three decades after Robert E. Lee ’s surrender , Republican candidates would “ wave the bloody shirt ” in an attempt to brand Democrats as unpatriotic .
In turn , Democrats stoked the hostility of the white South and indulged in openly racist appeals to white workers in the North .
Not until the last presidential candidate who was a Civil War veteran , William McKinley , had passed from the scene did the major parties stop fighting over the legacy of the 1860s .
The fact that a troubled young anarchist killed President McKinley indicated that a new kind of conflict was roiling the nation .
If Obama is victorious , we may remember 2008 as the year that silenced the echoes of the 1960s as well .
Commentators who speak of the Democratic nominee as a post - civil rights figure with a mixed racial heritage suggest a desire to move beyond an era when hardly any American was able to straddle the racial divide .
Meanwhile , the financial debacle has revived alarming comparisons to an earlier decade — the 1930s .
If we undergo a deep and prolonged recession , images of failing banks , bread lines and even striking workers may make us nostalgic for ones of freedom marches , rock festivals and fire - fights in the jungles of Southeast Asia .
The past will be very much alive , but it will be a different past .
Michael Kazin is a professor of history at Georgetown University .
He is the author of “ A Godly Hero : The Life of William Jennings Bryan ” ( Knopf , 2006 ) and co-author of “ America Divided : The Civil War of the 1960s ” ( Oxford University Press , 1999 ) .
As the race for the White House continues , the Forward presents the views of policy makers , opinion - shapers and even a politician or two in a nonpartisan forum offering a balanced range of opinion .
The views expressed are not endorsed by the Forward , which does not support or oppose candidates for public office .
This series is intended to help our readers educate themselves on the issues surrounding the quadrennial November dilemma .
( Updates blast toll , adds violence )
GUWAHATI , India , Nov 3 ( Reuters ) - A strike to protest against bombings that killed 84 people in India ’s troubled Assam state last week shut down the region on Monday , police said , with angry Indians blaming illegal Bangladeshi migrants .
Protesters marched through the otherwise deserted streets of Guwahati , the state ’s main city , where 44 people died on Thursday when three bombs exploded within minutes .
A little - known Islamist group has claimed responsibility for Thursday ’s blasts in the tea- and oil - producing state , the worst strike in the troubled region , which also wounded 300 people .
Police suspect that Islamist militants working with separatists in Assam were behind the bombings .
Several students ’ groups called the day - long strike across the state , demanding a crackdown on illegal settlers .
“ We are going to intensify our campaign to drive out Bangladeshis from the region , ” said Samujjal Bhattacharjee of the Northeast Students Organisation .
“ We also appeal to people to free our society from these elements who are the real cause of terror . ”
Police said they arrested 50 protesters .
The Hindu-nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party , India ’s main opposition , has also criticised the government for not doing enough to stop Bangladeshi nationals from crossing over to India .
India ’s home ministry says up to 20 million Bangladeshis live in India illegally .
At least 10 Muslims , mostly Bangladeshis , have been detained for suspected links with the Assam bombers , police said .
The Islamic Security Force - Indian Mujahideen sent a mobile telephone text message to a local television station claiming responsibility for the 11 apparently coordinated blasts that hit Assam within five minutes of each other last Thursday .
Police suspect the bombings were carried out to avenge attacks on Muslim settlers by indigenous tribes that killed at least 47 people in September and October .
On Monday , suspected tribal insurgents shot dead three traders in central Assam , but police could not immediately confirm whether it was retaliatory attack , saying they were investigating the killings .
They suspect illegal Bangladeshi migrants could tell them more about the involvement of Islamist groups and have detained more than 100 in a crackdown across the northeast region .
“ The people were working on construction sites and they failed to provide valid documents to prove their citizenship , ” a senior police officer said from Shillong , capital of neighbouring Meghalaya state .
A similar crackdown was under way in Manipur state , police said .
( Writing by Bappa Majumdar ; Editing by Alistair Scrutton and Paul Tait )
Human rights group Amnesty International has just released a report into the Georgia - Russia conflict which has the blunt title , Civilians in the Line of Fire .
The organisation says that all parties in the war may have committed serious violations of human rights .
While the August conflict was officially over in five days , the suffering continues for tens of thousands of South Ossetians who are yet to return home .
The ABC's Moscow correspondent Scott Bevan spoke to Amnesty 's John Dalhuisen about the report .
John Dalhuisen : Quantitively , obviously it was a small war in a small area , however qualitatively the violations and that , there are strong indications that occurred are serious ones , and ultimately it 's not a question of scale - it's a question of gravity .
And that 's civilians caught up in the conflict by the result of indiscriminate attacks , both the Georgian advance on Tskhinvali , the capital of South Ossetia and subsequently the Russian reply .
Scott Bevan :
How compelling is the case , does Amnesty International believe that war crimes were committed during the conflict ?
JD : Well we 're certainly concerned that there 's strong evidence that there is violations of international humanitarian law occurred in these indiscriminate attacks and also subsequently , looting , pillaging , marauding by South Ossetian forces that Russian forces in control of those areas did not control .
SB : You point out in the report that there is compelling evidence that both sides used cluster bombs .
What is that compelling evidence and just what effect did they have ?
JD : Well the compelling evidence are material traces both of the impact of cluster bombs and ( inaudible ) material parts of cluster munitions , of the types used by both Russian and Georgian forces .
They are slightly different types , that they 've both been found in different areas and where they 've been found their use is consistent with stories Amnesty researchers have heard on the ground there .
The problem with cluster bombs is that at the moment of their use they explode over a wide area , and are very difficult to target precisely with a high risk therefore of civilian causalities .
But also after the conflict has ended , a lot of unexploded cluster munitions remain on the ground and these are very easily triggered subsequently by civilians , often children or farmers working in those areas .
SB : Now the report calls on both the Russian and Georgian governments to do more in investigating any allegations of international law violations , but there 's also a strong call for the international community to do more .
What more should be done and why do you feel that not enough has been done by the international community ?
JD : There are a number of different options that are possible ; the one that Amnesty International is specifically calling for at this stage is the activation of international humanitarian fact finding commission .
This is a body provided for by Geneva Conventions , and it would require both Georgia and Russia to invite it to analyse what happened , to investigate what happened and to make its recommendations .
The other avenue of international investigation would be if it turns out - and this is still remains to be seen as it's early days yet - but if Russian and Georgian investigations are inadequate , then it would perhaps become appropriate for the international criminal court , the prosecutor of the international criminal court , to investigate allegations of war crimes in itself .
SB : The report points out that the humanitarian consequences of the five day conflict continue and will do so for some time .
What are the most profound or indeed shocking of those consequences ?
JD : The major one is the displacement of a relatively large number of people , given the small size of the area , and I 'm speaking specifically about ethnic Georgians displaced from South Ossetia proper and who are unable to return , there 's about 20,000 of them .
And then there are a further approximately 10,000 who have of yet been unable to return to ... South Ossetia because the buildings , the houses have been destroyed .
But even for those who have been able to return the security situation particularly on the border , on the administrative border between Ossetia and South Ossetia and Georgia is extremely tense .
In February 2007 , the CEO of Apple , Steve Jobs posted an essay , Thoughts on Music , in which he outlined some of the problems with , and expressed a desire to stop using DRM .
Now , nearly two years later , despite the success of DRM - free services like eMusic and with Amazon , Rhapsody , Napster , Jamendo , Magnatune , 7 Digital and lots of others all selling DRM - free music , customers of Apple 's iTunes Music Store are still plagued by a catalogue of mostly DRM - encumbered music .
To make matters worse , Apple 's newest hot products , the iPhone and iPod Touch , offer extra opportunities for DRM , wrapping applications , even those available at little or no cost , as well as movies and TV shows in yet more layers of DRM .
And now , once again , Apple have pushed their DRM agenda even further , with the release of the latest revision of their MacBook laptop computers .
The new MacBooks contain a hardware chip that prevents certain types of display being used , in an effort to plug the analog hole .
Devices such as the HDfury can get around this , but this adds greater cost and inconveinience to what should be a relatively simple procedure .
With this , the MacBook holds the dubious honor of being the first product chosen in our 35 days against DRM .
LOS ANGELES ( Hollywood Reporter ) - Comedy Central ’s “ The Daily Show With Jon Stewart ” pulled in its biggest audience ever Wednesday night .
The 11 p.m. episode , which featured an appearance by presidential candidate Barack Obama , averaged 3.6 million total viewers , beating by 600,000 viewers the previous record set October 8 when his wife Michelle Obama appeared on the show .
At 11:30 p.m. , “ Colbert Report ” also had its most - watched episode ever , drawing 2.4 million viewers .
Reuters / Hollywood Reporter
Charges are being dropped against over two dozen journalists , including Amy Goodman and her two producers , arrested during the crackdown on protests at the Republican convention in St. Paul .
Goodman 's charge of " obstructing the legal process " has been dropped , as have felony riot charges against her colleagues Sharif Abdel Kouddous and Nicole Salazar .
Other dropped charges are mainly for " unlawful assembly " .
The city 's mayor had a truly gag - worthy Orwellian statement on the subject :
St. Paul Mayor Chris Coleman said Friday that the city attorney 's office recommended against prosecuting reporters for the misdemeanor charge .
" This decision reflects the values we have in St. Paul to protect and promote our First Amendment rights to freedom of the press , " Coleman said in a statement .
He added , " At the scene , the police did their duty in protecting public safety .
In this decision , we are serving the public 's interest to maintain the integrity of our democracy , system of justice and freedom of the press . "
One has to wonder if this was the plan all along , and the real intention was simply to inhibit reporting of abuses against protestors .
Or maybe they 're hoping that with the reporters out of court , the media wo n't be so interested in covering the 800 or so other arrests .
With over forty journalists arrested , there should surely be at least some investigation of police officers involved for trumping up charges too :
Upon learning of the news , Democracy Now !
Host , Amy Goodman said , “ It ’s good that these false charges have finally been dropped , but we never should have been arrested to begin with .
These violent and unlawful arrests disrupted our work and had a chilling effect on the reporting of dissent .
Freedom of the press is also about the public ’s right to know what is happening on their streets .
There needs to be a full investigation of law enforcement activities during the convention . ”
But I 'll bet that wo n't happen .
Toyota 's aggressive financing incentive includes models like the Corolla .
Autos 36 month new 5.91 % 48 month new 5.98 % 60 month new 6.03 % 72 month new 3.78 % 36 month used 6.31 %
Find personalized rates :
Rates provided by Bankrate.com .
Supercar from Tokyo More Videos Find your next Car New
Used Select a Make Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Bugatti Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Ford GMC Honda HUMMER Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes - Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Morgan Nissan Pontiac Porsche Rolls - Royce Saab Saturn Scion smart Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Select a Make Acura Aston Martin Audi BMW Bentley Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Eagle Ferrari Ford GMC Geo Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus MG Maserati Mazda Mercedes - Benz Mercury Mini Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Rolls - Royce Saab Saturn Scion Smart Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
After posting its worst sales decline in 20 years , Toyota Motor Co. is offering an uncharacteristically splashy incentive offer .
The automaker is offering 0 % financing on eleven models nationwide .
" Not only do we have the inventory of today 's sought after fuel - efficient models , but we have the capacity through Toyota Financial Services to finance or lease them , " said Toyota Division General Manager Bob Carter in a statement .
The incentive plan , and the way in which Toyota ( TM ) is communicating about it , is unusually straightforward and aggressive for the Japan - based automaker .
" It 's very , quote - unquote , domestic , " said industry analyst Tom Libby of J.D. Power and Associates , comparing it to the approach usually taken by General Motors ( GM , Fortune 500 ) , Ford ( F , Fortune 500 ) and Chrysler .
In September , Toyota suffered a 32 % sales decline compared with the same month last year , the automaker 's biggest sales decline since 1987 .
Toyota rarely offers a nationwide incentive program , preferring targeted , locally - based incentive programs , said Toyota spokesman Wade Hoyt .
The company has not offered 0 % financing incentive nationwide since just after the 9 - 11 attacks in 2001 , he said .
" Toyota is saying we 're not gong to sit by and accept being down 30 % , " said Libby .
" We 're gong to take action "
Some of the vehicles on which the incentive is being offered are popular models that usually sell in high volumes , especially in the current auto market in which customers are extremely sensitive to fuel economy .
The financing deal , available to customers with good credit , is offered on the Toyota Corolla , Matrix and Camry cars and the Rav4 and Highlander car - based crossover SUVs .
In September , sales of these models held up better than the company 's overall sales , declining only about 25 % in most cases .
The financing incentive is also being offered on most of Toyota 's trucks and truck - based SUVs : The FJ Cruiser , 4 Runner , Sequoia , Sienna , Tacoma and Tundra .
These types of vehicles have been selling slowly in the face of relatively high gas prices .
Toyota 's overall pick - up sales , for instance , were down 47 % in September , the company reported .
While pointing out that customers can also lease these vehicles , Toyota is playing up the relatively strong position of its U.S. financing arm , Toyota Motor Credit .
Financing arms of the three major U.S. - based auto companies have tightened rules for financing auto loans and leases , according to various industry sources , while Chrysler Financial has stopped leasing cars altogether .
In a recent interview with CNNMoney.com , Toyota spokesman Xavier Dominicis credited conservative lending practices for Toyota Financial Services ' strong position .
" Generally speaking our customers have higher credit scores and we do n't deal in a lot of subprime , " he said .
By offering 0 % financing , Toyota is hoping to drive customers into Toyota dealerships by reminding customers that credit is still available , said Hoyt .
J.D. Power 's Libby predicted that the incentive would help sales .
" I think this will actually prove to be very effective for them , " he said .
A Petaluma high school teacher was arrested Saturday morning after allegedly setting up an illicit date with a person he believed was a 15 - year - old girl , police and prosecutors said .
Scott Eugene Dietlin , 34 , a teacher at Casa Grande High School , was arrested in San Mateo on Saturday after allegedly showing up for a date with “ Jackie , ” a teenage persona created on MySpace by two teen boys , San Mateo County Chief Deputy District Attorney Steve Wagstaffe said .
The 15 - year - old San Mateo County boys posted the online profile as a joke , Wagstaffe said .
When Dietlin allegedly contacted “ Jackie ” in April , the boys initially played along , he said .
“ They were playing a joke with their friends and suddenly they ’ve got a sexual predator , ” Wagstaffe said .
Over time , the communication included sexually explicit e-mails and text messages , police said .
At one point , Dietlin allegedly sent “ Jackie ” a naked photo of himself , Wagstaffe said .
Contact faded but resumed in recent weeks and the boys finally decided to call police , Wagstaffe said .
Burlingame police began posing as “ Jackie ” and set up a date at a location in San Mateo on Saturday , Wagstaffe said .
Dietlin showed up that morning and was taken into custody , police said .
His bail has been set at $ 550,000 .
Burlingame police searched Dietlin ’s car and Petaluma home , seizing items including condoms , a computer and a cell phone , police said .
Dietlin , who teaches world history and economics , has worked at Casa Grande High School for nine years , Superintendent Greta Viguie said .
A substitute teacher has taken over his classes and counselors are on hand at the school to speak with any students distressed by the allegations , Viguie said .
“ We recognize that this is a difficult time … and our focus is on the students and educational programs and ensuring that we continue to provide a high - quality educational experience for our students , ” Viguie said .
A letter is being sent home to parents today , she said .
Copyright © 2008 by Bay City News , Inc. " … republication , re-transmission or reuse without the express written consent of Bay City News , Inc. is prohibited .
Iran 's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad attends an official meeting with Sudan 's Foreign Minister Deng Alor in Tehran in this file photo from October 21 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Raheb Homavandi
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) - Iran has converted financial reserves into gold to avoid future problems , an adviser to President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said in comments published on Saturday , after the price of oil fell more than 60 percent from a peak in July .
Iran , the world ’s fourth - largest oil producer , is under U.N. and U.S. sanctions over its disputed nuclear programme and is now also facing declining revenue from its oil exports after crude prices tumbled .
“ With the plans of the presidency ... the country ’s money reserves were changed into gold so that we would n’t be faced with many problems in the future , ” presidential adviser Mojtaba Samareh - Hashemi was quoted as saying by business daily Poul .
He gave no figures or other details .
Before oil prices plunged by more than 60 percent from a peak of $ 147 per barrel in July , Iran made windfall gains from its crude exports and in April estimated its foreign exchange reserves at about $ 80 billion .
Iranian officials in July denied reports Iranian banks were moving funds from Europe , with one report suggesting as much as $ 75 billion had been withdrawn and converted into gold or placed in Asian banks , because of a threat of tightening sanctions .
The International Monetary Fund said in August that if the price of Iranian crude fell to $ 75 a barrel , Iran would face a current account deficit in the medium term that would be tough to sustain due to Tehran ’s financial isolation .
On Friday , U.S. crude fell $ 1.20 at $ 57.04 .
Gold futures ended more than 5 percent higher on Friday and bullion ended the week about $ 10 higher compared with its last Friday ’s close of $ 735.95 as investors covered short positions .
About The Author Vailancio Rodrigues is a web ninja who bakes semantic muffins .
Apart from that he is also interested in Motion Graphics , Visual Effects , Photography and knows … More about Vailancio Rodrigues …
50 Beautiful Examples Of Tilt - Shift Photography
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Tilt - shift photography is a creative and unique type of photography in which the camera is manipulated so that a life - sized location or subject looks like a miniature - scale model .
Below , we present 50 beautiful examples of tilt - shift photography .
All examples are linked to their sources .
We strongly encourage you to explore other works of the photographers we ’ve featured in this post .
Tilt - shift photography is a creative and unique type of photography in which the camera is manipulated so that a life - sized location or subject looks like a miniature - scale model .
Below we present 50 beautiful examples of tilt - shift photography .
All examples are linked to their sources .
We strongly encourage you to explore other works of the photographers we ’ve featured in this post .
To add good miniature effect to your photographs , shoot subjects from a high angle ( especially from the air ) .
It creates the illusion of looking down at a miniature model .
A camera equipped with a tilt - shift lens , which simulates a shallow depth of field , is essentially all you need to start .
Further Reading on SmashingMag :
50 Amazing Examples of Tilt - Shift Photography
Vincent Laforet
Baldheretic
www.tiltshiftphotography.net
Christopher Chan Sydney Apple Store Miniature ;
Fake tilt shift effect applied to a 3 xp HDR .
Vesuviano - Nicola De Pisapia Model of a model of reality .
Vietri sul mare ( SA ) Italy .
Pattagon
Hanna María & Arnar
Sir Hsu
Tiltshiftphotography.net
Lachlan Sear
Automatt
B Tal
Dutchb0y
Eric Lafforgue
Tilt - Shift Photography : It ’s A Small World After All
Timmy Toucan
Therealjasonruff
Hamish Grant
darktiger
roevin
Ender079
FoxyMcSlick
patrix
wumpiewoo
Marin G
tHE PypEr
Andrew James
Gérard Pétremand
Wmandra
B Tal
Angusleonard
cityshrinker.com
Jeangenie
Tarkka
Shawn S. Ide
Kurtis Perry
Vladimir.d
Envios
MCMLXXV
oseillo
On the photo : Barcelona , Spain .
Toshio
Timothy Schenck
unknown
Tilt - Shift Videos
How To Make Fake Miniature Tilt - Shift Photos ?
To add good miniature effect to your photographs , shoot subjects from a high angle ( especially from the air ) .
It creates the illusion of looking down at a miniature model .
A camera equipped with a tilt - shift lens , which simulates a shallow depth of field , is essentially all you need to start .
Resources :
And if you do n’t have specialized equipment , you can make use of Adobe Photoshop or any other image - editing software .
Manipulate the focus in such a way that it gives the image the effect of having been shot with a macro lens .
Secondly , increase the saturation and contrast in a way that the color looks like bright paint on a miniature model .
Resources :
Tilt - Shift Photography Photoshop Tutorial
This tutorial shows you how to make photos of real life - sized subjects look like photos of miniature models .
Tilt - Shift Photoshop Tutorial
With a very little effort , you can take existing photographs of everyday scenes and make it look like they ’re actually of miniature models .
Sources and Resources
Here you ’ll find links to further articles and related Area for further articles and related resources :
Having lived through the depression , our grandparents and great - grandparents formed a lack of trust in banks and turned to burying cash in the backyard or hiding it under the mattress .
Our current economic downturn does n’t yet call for such drastic measures but there are things we can learn from those who went through this challenging era and prospered .
Food : Grow a Garden
Source : BW / Color
Growing at least some of your own food can save a lot of money and provide the satisfaction that comes from eating local , really local .
Consider starting a community garden such as the Depression - era community relief gardens , or the World War II Victory Gardens .
For step - by - step instructions on growing your own relief garden at home , check here , and apply those same basic ideas to any project that you can implement on someone ’s vacant lot ( with permission ) and organize some friends , family and neighbors .
If you are more interested in developing a community garden , here is an in - depth overview .
Entertainment : Enjoying the Simple Things
Source : BW / Color
Not everything about the Depression was actually depressing .
In hard times , we can sometimes find a lot of pleasure in remembering to enjoy the simple things in life .
During the 1930s , games like Monopoly became popular because they gave people hope and allowed them to dream of a better life .
Remember some of the board games from your childhood , and plan a low - tech outing with friends and family .
It will also help you remember that you do n’t absolutely NEED every single gadget that hits the store shelves , and on top of that it will be a bit cheaper than spending the day at Disneyland .
Transportation : How Many SUVs Does Your Family Need ?
Source : BW / Color
Hitchhiking was prevalent in the Great Depression , and this is one area that can at least offer some creativity , although Mint absolutely does not recommend that you sell your car and get to work each day by holding up a thumb next to the freeway , nor should you become a hobohemian and hop trains to get around .
However , since owning a car is more of a luxury than a necessity , we can learn from the community aspect and form carpools , walk to the store if it ’s only a mile away , and if you are lucky enough to have a half - decent public transportation system , Google Maps now shows your time and cost to drive relative to taking a bus or walking .
Consider moving closer to where you work and walk or ride a bike instead .
Like Dave Ramsey , author of Total Money Makeover , says : “ If you are willing to live like no one else now , you can live like no one else later . ”
Essentially , by defying convention , even for a relatively short amount of time , you can save a hefty sum of money .
Housing : Downsize or Rent a Room
Source : BW / Color
We all have different situations , and this is one of the most pressing issues facing our nation and the world right now .
You might be just out of college and trying to make it on your own , or you might be paying for your child ’s college now , but there are definitely lessons to be learned from the Depression .
In some cases , it may be beneficial to sacrifice a bit of privacy in the short - term in order to get back on track financially .
Rent an extra bedroom to a friend , have your child move back home if you are struggling to send him or her rent money every month , or downsize your home .
You do n’t have to necessarily make a gut - wrenching decision overnight , but do yourself a favor and at least check out some listings on Craigslist for rentals , or have a real estate agent email you listings in a cheaper price range .
If a great deal pops up that piques your interest , you can at least bat around the idea with your family .
If you are single , just go for it !
Jobs / Entrepreneurship : Nothing Left to Lose ?
Source : BW / Color
Due to the extensive public works projects in the 1930s , there was at least a bit of relief for the unemployed masses .
People simply took any work they could , and often worked 12 hour days .
If you are looking for employment , you might consider looking for a position that is slightly below your ideal salary , but that seems to have the most potential for advancement .
If you are entrepreneurial , and perhaps have already fallen behind on bills , one positive thing about the current economic climate is that you are starting over at a time when many other people are also faced with starting from scratch financially , and perhaps you may even be in a position where you literally have nothing left to lose , which can be a great time for personal innovation and taking the risk to start in a new industry or implement an idea that ’s always been in the back of your mind .
It ’s time for boot - strapping !
Credit : Redefining What You Can Afford and Need
Source : BW / Color
If you have credit available , you might be tempted to use it before the bank cuts the credit line .
Do n’t do it .
Going into debt will only hurt you in the long run .
Instead , remember the words of your grandmother and heed this simple , age - old advice – “ if you ca n’t afford to pay cash , you ca n’t afford it . ”
Money Management / Budgeting : Simplify Your System
Source : BW / Color
When you simply have no money , it is easy to keep spending under control because it is impossible to spend .
In many cases , one spouse saved money in the cupboard and even hid it from the other spouse .
There is a good trick to be found here that requires a lot of discipline .
If , for example , you are getting hit with overdraft fees , you need to establish a barrier that you absolutely will not dip below ( even if it means paying a bill late ) .
Take the cue from the 1930s and use cash rather than debit for your petty purchases , especially when you are close to zero in your account .
This will help avoid paying $ 36 for that pack of gum if an unexpected payment goes through your account and causes an overdraft fee .
For our grandparents and great - grandparents who lived through the 1930s , many months surely consisted of living in survival mode , and there were much fewer recurring expenses and bills to be paid , so it was possible in a lot of cases to keep track of spending without even necessarily writing it down .
Today , we have several types of accounts , in many cases at different institutions , with new types of debt and monthly payments to keep track of , so take a look at Mint ’s free software today and start tracking your spending automatically to find areas where you can save money .
Related
It 's called the dirty Fraser in some parts of the province .
But in the Rocky Mountains , before sand and silt colour it muddy brown , the Fraser River is a milky steel - blue and clean enough to drink .
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners John Horton ’s Paintings Preserve History .
His Seamanship Saves Lives
Meet the fascinating Order of BC winner who also happens to be a Tyee supporter .
At least so says Shawn Burleigh , our young rafting guide .
He steers the raft with two long paddles , strong and steady , and patiently answers all our questions .
We 've got many of them .
Our group has been camped on the banks of the Fraser River not far from the town of Valemount , and within sight of the Mt. Robson glaciers that feed the huge river 's source .
We 've been here two nights but this is our first time on the water .
Today we 'll spend a couple of leisurely hours on the raft with Burleigh .
Tomorrow we climb aboard our 34 - foot canoe , the Cedar Spirit , and begin the first leg of our journey north down the Fraser River , from Tete Jaune through Dunster , McBride and Crescent Spur .
Rock flour , tiny particles from the rocks , give the river the colour of cartoon ice cubes , says Burleigh .
In fact , he adds , people say the high mineral content can actually relieve constipation .
" Of course , you never do know what 's upstream . "
He 's right in more ways than one .
In terms of climate change , we do n't know exactly what 's coming down the chute at us .
Follow the Fraser further downstream and you 'll find people along its route already feeling the foreshocks of climate change .
This is especially true of those who make a living from the forests .
Warmer winters have allowed the mountain pine beetle to flourish in B.C.
Like locusts making their way from field to field , from 1993 to 2006 , beetles ate through 9.2 million hectares of B.C. 's pine forests -- an area as large as England .
Then the U.S. housing market crashed .
Lumber giants Canfor and Weyerhauser started cutting shifts , then shutting down and closing their mills for good .
Last year alone an estimated 10,000 workers lost their jobs -- and communities are asking themselves , now what ?
For middle - aged mill and forestry workers , early retirement or job training is an option , but for Burleigh 's friends , guys in their early 20s , the dream is a well - paying job in the Alberta oilfields .
But in the fall , Burleigh will return to the College of New Caledonia 's outdoor recreation and ecotourism program .
His goal is to design a mountain - biking tour for people in wheelchairs so a paraplegic friend of his " will have something to do . "
Tourism the next big thing ?
For now , Burleigh says , he 's having the time of his life rafting on the Fraser River .
Floating in the shadow of Mount Robson , we look up at the glaciers from which this river springs , dazzling white against a blue sky .
It 's hard to imagine a better job than this .
I understand why he would n't want to leave .
" So tourism might have to be the next big thing , " says Burleigh .
" If people out here rafting on the river are caring and not just trying to make money , then it would be pretty sustainable , I think .
We could all be happy . "
Roy Howard knows better than anyone how difficult it can be to reach that kind of happy , or at least friendly , compromise .
Howard has lived in Dunster for 33 years .
In the late 1990s , as president of the Fraser Headwaters Alliance , he sat on the Robson Valley land use management committee .
When yelling matches would break out between loggers and environmentalists , friends say Roy was the peacemaker to whom both sides would listen .
One of the most heated arguments was over logging near the Upper Goat River , a tributary of the Fraser about 35 kilometres northwest of McBride .
Despite being identified as important habitat for the endangered bull trout and mountain caribou , as well as wolves , grizzlies , lynx and wolverines , the area received no special zoning under the region 's land use management plan .
Where the Fraser Begins The headwaters of the Fraser River spring from four glaciers on Mount Robson .
From here , it flows northeast through the Rocky Mountain Trench , a major migration corridor for wildlife .
The Robson Valley lies in this trench , and this is where the Fraser begins to pick up silt and sediment it will carry all the way to the delta .
Only a handful of towns exist in this region and the total population is about 3500 people .
Clustered around these communities are farms whose acreage stretches down the river , but for the most part the riparian zone along the banks -- cottonwood trees and low vegetation -- remains intact .
The ecosystems in the Upper and Fraser Headwaters regions range from wet , valley - bottom interior rainforests to mountain tundra , and are home to grizzlies , mountain caribou , wolverines , black bears and cougars .
-- C.K .
Intent on raising the profile of the Goat as one of the last pristine valleys in the region , Howard spearheaded the task of promoting it as a premier hiking destination in the province .
The Goat River Trail is a historic route from Barkerville to McBride via a pass in the Caribou Mountains .
It was first cleared in 1886 by a crew of men under orders from Gold Commissioner John Bowron , though First Nations likely traveled this way long before they arrived .
We meet Howard at the confluence of the Goat and Milk Rivers , on an old forest service site northeast of West Twin Provincial Park .
The Cedar Spirit is parked in a cutblock -- the only one so far in this valley -- where we 've set up camp for the night .
After three days paddling north , we will travel by van from here to Prince George , where the river curves like the top of an ' S ' and heads south .
While we 're here , Howard has agreed to lead our group down a 5 - kilometre section of the Goat River trail to the first ford , where he and his son installed a cable car back in 2001 .
" We got all kinds of shit from the Forest Service for building the cable car , " he says , as we file along the narrow path that follows the river , flanked on either side by blueberry bushes and prickly devil 's club .
Some of the locals were n't too happy about the trail promotion either , says Howard as he hacks at some overgrowth .
" Log it !
There 's no money in tourism , only logging .
Tourism only pays eight dollars an hour for jobs , and there 's not very many of them , " Howard recalls hearing .
" It seems to me that 's the minor part of it .
It 's the ecosystem protection you should be worried about . "
How much is a forest worth ?
Jobs in tourism will never replace those in the forestry industry .
But in recent years , researchers in British Columbia have tried to put a dollar value on forests , not just trees .
We meet one of these researchers , Kyle Hillman , in a parking lot off Highway 16 , about a hundred kilometres west of Prince George .
A plain and forgettable sign on the side of the road indicates the Ancient Cedar Forest is one kilometer ahead ; what it should say is , " See a tree that 's older than Christ ! "
Hillman is counting the number of visitors that do pull off the highway to visit the Ancient Cedar Forest interpretive trail , and requesting they fill in a survey asking where they are from and why they have come .
" As you 're coming along this road , you do n't expect to see trees that magnificent a couple of hundred metres off the highway , " says Hillman .
They are magnificent .
We speak in hushed voices and walk on to the trail as though we 're tourists in a cathedral .
It feels like a holy place ; it 's dim and silent but for the occasional creaking of the treetops , some 50 meters high .
The sweet musty smell of moist earth and cedar bark fills my nostrils .
The tallest cedar , Big Tree , is five metres in diameter .
It 's been growing in this spot for at least 1,500 years .
In 2005 , University of Northern B.C. graduate student David Radies was doing random sampling for a lichen diversity study in the area when he saw logging tape tied around a red cedar that he estimated to be at least two thousand years old .
His hunch was correct .
Radies had inadvertently discovered an ancient forest that was about to be logged .
Such pockets of biodiversity comprise only about one per cent of the land base in the Robson Valley .
Characterized by giant cedars and forms of lichen that have evolved together over thousands of years , they exist within the ordinary spruce and fir that cover the mountainous slopes of the valley .
Although this particular forest has been removed from the timber license , Radies fears that as logging operations move away from now - worthless pine stands and into sub - alpine regions , the ancient trees will be axed along with everything else and likely turned into fence posts , shingles or garden mulch .
" It 's almost like a litmus test for how poor forestry is , " says Radies .
" With all of our fancy biodiversity literature that we have out there , we still continue to log these forests when there is such a low economic value . "
" We do need to subsidize and diversify the forest economy .
But we need to do it within the parameters of what can be supplied ecologically . "
Researchers at the University of Victoria found that the value of forests is often greater than the value of clear - cut logging .
Forests also serve as recreation sites , carbon storehouses and sources of products other than timber .
' Raise the level of discussion '
David Connell is an assistant professor at UNBC who is leading the study at the Ancient Cedar Forest .
He says this work is part of a growing body of research that could be used for land management and planning purposes .
" It 's an attempt to actually play the same game with the same rules , " says Connell .
" Let 's at least try to place a value on the things we can easily value , and raise the level of discussion .
Then we can talk about global significance of conservation in ecological terms . "
We leave the Ancient Forest Trail and hit the highway .
Next stop is Prince George and then Soda Creek , where we will begin week two of the trip in a raft .
The theme for this leg is salmon and riversheds .
In the Goat River , Howard told us how bears carry the salmon carcasses in to the forest where they rot , providing valuable nitrogen for the soil .
Salmon feed humans , too .
We 've all heard the gloomy stories of how stocks are declining .
How is it affecting people who fish on the river ?
We 're about to find out .
Next Wednesday : Following the embattled young salmon 's journey down BC 's mightiest river .
Related
Tyee stories :
Taxpayers have forked out more than $ 400,000 to fund John Howard 's first year as a former prime minister .
That 's still cheaper than the only other living former Liberal prime minister - Malcolm Fraser - but more expensive than Labor predecessor Paul Keating .
The Government says Mr Howard 's entitlements for travel , accommodation and staff amounted to $ 404,583.55 , excluding GST , in the year since December 3 .
This is Part I , Part II is here .
*** A Nigeria - or better : Ghana - Spammer contacted me by Skype .
First I just tried to answer something that I always wanted to reply .
( BTW I had already tried to alert the German police of earlier attmpts like this , they told me that they only start investigations once damage is really done . )
But then I saw an opportunity for an exchange and used it .
The transcript is posted 100 % un-edited including all my typos and those of L. -- except for markers in [ and ] about quotes and the re-started conversation .
We stopped chatting once and resumed the chat .
I 'll reserve my comments on the content to the discussion that hopefully ensues and hope to continue the chat with L.So if there are questions you want answered :
Put them in the comments .
I plan to ask him *
Why he seems unaifraid of the police . *
If he does any good with the cash .
( I alrady asked that but he did not answer . ) *
How many other ppl he knows who are in his ' line of work ' .***
I 'm sure a lot of you were wondering what happened to Ann Coulter this election season .
The right has trotted her out to wage culture wars reliably ever since 1998 .
But she hardly was visible at all this year .
Well , if you happen to be one of those lost souls who belongs to the Conservative Book Club , then you received one of these e-mails in your Inbox this week from Coulter .
[ Click here to see the full letter . ]
As you can see , it 's a letter that starts out by teeing off the emerging right - wing meme attempting to blame Barack Obama for the current economic meltdown , mostly by noting that Wall Street firms donated more heavily to Obama 's campaign than to John McCain's :
If you 've been wondering why the financial industry is in meltdown -- and taking your 401 ( k ) or investment portfolio down with it -- now you know .
Let 's face it :
The former frat boys who populate Wall Street today understand economics as well as the pinko professors whose courses they snored through .
Now , it 's true that Democrats were heavily preferred by Wall Street campaign donors this year , but that has far more to do with their historic preference for lining up behind the perceived likely winners of a given election season .
And even a blind pig -- or a right - wing pundit -- could sense before the season even started that the Republican brand was giving off the distinct odor of fetid slop .
But if those same Wall Street pinko - educated frat boys are as ignorant of economics this year as Coulter claims , then would n't they have been equally so in 2000 and 2004 , when they gave heavily instead to Coulter 's then - preferred candidate , George W. Bush ?
Something does n't exactly add up here .
That 's all just throat - clearing , though , for Coulter 's main pitch :
She 's selling you a financial newsletter written by a fellow named Mark Skousen , whose PhD in economics seems to impress Coulter mightily ( if only she gave as much credence to people who actually won the Nobel Prize in economics ) .
Three years ago , Skousen was selling the same scam through the Heritage Foundation , promising super - hot stock tips if only you subscribed to his pricey investment newsletter .
No word on how that hot tech stock actually did -- but I 'd wager it performed about as well the return on assisting former Nigerian prime ministers .
Skousen , however , is not just your average " conservative economist . "
He actually is an adherent of the same far - right school of " libertarian " economics as Ron Paul : he advocates a return to the gold standard , the dismantling of the IRS and the Federal Reserve , and most of the other conspiratorial nonsense that accompanies these theories .
Like Paul , he 's a devotee of the Ludwig Van Mises Institute , which promotes much of this malarkey , and he 's likewise actually a Bircherite in libertarian clothing .
Indeed , Paul was one of the headliners at Skousen 's " FreedomFest " earlier this year in Las Vegas .
Like most of the Bircher wing of the libertarian movement , Skousen consistently takes a far - right political position on labor issues , too .
He wrote a piece denouncing " card check " union organizing just last month .
Skousen is the nephew of the late noted John Birch / Mormon figure W. Cleon Skousen ; his brother , Joel Skousen , is famous for promoting Patriot - style " New World Order " conspiracy theories .
All three of them promote the far - right version of " constitutionalism , " which is all about the belief that secret elites manipulate the economy and the political process , wield the IRS and Federal Reserve as political weapons along with a huge federal bureaucracy , all of which violates the original unamended ( or " organic " ) Constitution .
So this is what Ann Coulter is reduced to these days : Shilling for Patriot - style right - wing moneymaking scams .
But then , I guess it is n't surprising that Coulter is heading down this same path .
During the past campaign , she actually came out in support of Ron Paul .
Well , fools and their money are soon parted .
And anyone foolish enough to take their investment advice from Ann Coulter will get everything they deserve .
But I 'm wondering when we 'll see Coulter turn up in late - night infomercials for gold Liberty Dollars with her own image stamped on them .
Because that 's the road -- the one leading to ignominious obscurity and irrelevance -- she 's headed down .
And I can't think of a more deserved fate .
There are no plans to introduce e-voting in the UK , or even to conduct further pilots of the technology , a government minister has confirmed .
The government has flirted with the technology in past and claimed it could be a way to increase participation in elections .
Michael Wills , a Minister of State at the Ministry of Justice , was asked if the government planned to introduce e-voting before the local and European elections in 2009 .
He said last week : " The Government do not plan to introduce e-voting for the 2009 European or local elections ...
The Government have no plans for further e-voting pilots in statutory elections at this stage . "
The UK electoral system has come in for some heavy criticism recently - the Rowntree Reform Trust and the election commissioner both said the system is wide open to fraud .
The Trust said e-voting pilots were " extremely expensive and there is no evidence to suggest that e-voting offers any significant scope for turnout to be increased by this means " and that : " Serious concerns persist about the security and transparency of e-voting systems and their vulnerability to organised fraud . "
E-voting has been heavily criticised in the US and even the electronic counting of votes in the London mayoral elections did not convince all observers . ®
Thanks to CaptnSpaulding in the forums for doing some great detective work and finding in the EU Playstation forums a message by community team leader , Elixor
Quoted from the Google translate version of the page , or see the original page in French here
– ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW –
A maintenance PLAYSTATION Network is scheduled for tomorrow ( Tuesday 14 October 2008 ) .
Tuesday October 14 at 21:00
Wednesday October 15 at 02:00 During this maintenance you can not connect to PLAYSTATION Network .
If you are connected before you should be able to play online without problem .
Thank you for your understanding .
Rumours are abound this is in preparation for FW v2.50 , some rumours go further and suggest Home is making an unexpected early appearance
A wild horse grazes on one of the dirt roads on Cumberland Island , Georgia National Seashore , Saturday , September 20 , 2008 .
Herds of wild horses run loose on the 17 mile long island once owned by the Carnegie family and made famous by the wedding of John F. Kennedy Jr. in 1996 .
The National Park Service is looking at starting vehicle tours to the north end of Cumberland Island , Georgia beginning next year in accordance with a mandate from congress to increase accessibility in the national seashore area .
( AP Photo / Chris Viola ) #
Election Board Finds Sequoia Voting Systems ' Too Quick to Exonerate Self , ' As Evidence Indicates Hardware and Software to Blame ...
Brad Friedman Byon
10/11/2008 , 10:00 am PT
After failing to count votes accurately in a number of recent elections in FL , NJ , and D.C. , a report has now been released by the D.C. Board of Elections noting that , as it turns out , Michelle Shafer , official mouthpiece for both Sequoia Voting Systems and the election industry 's PR outfit , Election Technology Council ( ETC ) , has once again been misleading the public about Sequoia 's bad voting equipment --- both touch - screen and paper ballot systems --- and the fact that they do n't work .
The D.C. Board released its report on its investigation into an incident from last month 's primary where some 1,500 phantom votes were recorded on Sequoias tabulator after being uploaded from a paper ballot system .
There should have been just over 300 votes , instead of thousands , from Precinct 141 .
Shafer had originally claimed ( as usual ) human error and static electricity were to blame .
When the incident was first discovered in September , Shafer told the Washington Post : " There 's absolutely no problem with the machines in the polling places .
No. No . "
Turns out , Shafer lied .
Again .
As the D.C. report notes Sequoia was " too quick to exonerate itself and the equipment used in the tabulation process " and that " the evidence appears to indicate that there was a problem both in equipment ( the server ) and in the software " ...
Last month , the Computer Security Group at UC Santa Barbara released a video showing exactly how to hack a touch - screen Sequoia voting system --- in such a way that even a manual count of the system 's " paper trails " would not have revealed the hack .
In 2006 , just days before the general elections , The BRAD BLOG revealed how a yellow button on the back of Sequoia 's touch - screen systems could be pressed in such a way as to allow any voter to vote as many times as he / she liked .
Sequoia is America 's number three voting equipment vendor , allowed to do business in 17 states , including D.C.
The same machines that have been failing spectacularly in recent primary elections will be used again , as is , in this November 4th 's general election .
Even the yellow buttons are still there .
The incident in D.C. , however ( as well as the one in Palm Beach County , FL , where their op - scan systems were unable to count the same ballots the same way twice ! ) was on one of the company 's paper ballot electronic voting systems .
From WaPo late last week [ emphasis added ] ...
Sequoia Voting Systems , a California - based firm , " was too quick to exonerate itself and the equipment used in the tabulation process .
. . .
To date , the evidence appears to indicate that there was a problem both in equipment ( the server ) and in the software . "
The report , released yesterday , says , a California - based firm , The report dismisses Sequoias theories that human error or static discharge , not defective software or hardware , was at fault when a cartridge from Precinct 141 added thousands of votes .
It commits the special committee to examine the effectiveness of the three - member elections board and its top staff .
But those issues cannot be resolved before the Nov. 4 election , which officials expect will draw a record number of voters .
The committees recommendations include actions to be taken Election Day .
A significant step is to train poll workers to persuade voters to use optical - scan machines instead of electronic touch - screen ones , although the primary night blunder has been traced to a cartridge from an optical - scan machine .
The Linux Foundation ( LF ) has posted a ten - minute video interview with kernel coordinator Linus Torvalds .
Held during the Linux Foundation ’s recent Linux Kernel Summit , the interview reveals the Linux founder speaking out on issues ranging from kernel / userland interactions to why Linux has so many interfaces .
( Money Magazine ) --
We 'll go out on a limb and assume you 've heard the rumor that Social Security and Medicare are headed for trouble .
You 've seen alarming stats thrown around and maybe wondered what to make of them .
( For example , the two programs are said to have a $ 43 trillion deficit payable over 75 years .
Is that a lot ?
And if it 's as big as it sounds , how is the government still running ? )
Perhaps you 've even slogged through one of the reform plans that politicians , academics and retired CEOs are always dreaming up .
But what you really want to know is more basic :
How am I supposed to plan for this ?
Here 's where politics meets your portfolio .
And as tricky as it is to guess the direction of stocks , it 's even harder to predict the long - run electoral fortunes of Republicans and Democrats or the compromises legislators will hammer out .
That said , there are some things you can expect when you get to retirement :
You 'll have a significant Social Security benefit , especially if you 're a boomer .
The system 's problems are quite fixable .
Medicare , on the other hand , is headed for crisis .
A total meltdown .
And soon .
For the health insurance program to survive , it will have to make huge changes , and you must start preparing for them .
Both programs will be fixed with a combination of benefit cuts and higher taxes .
Many of the higher taxes will be levied on your paycheck .
But it 's also possible that higher taxes on income and investments will hit you in retirement .
Well - off retirees - and by that we mean people with pensions and biggish IRAs , not just former hedge fund managers - will increasingly pay stealth taxes on their benefits .
And we 're not talking about some far - off proposal here .
This one 's already a done deal .
No matter what happens , Social Security and Medicare ( in some form ) are still going to play a major role in your retirement .
So even if your last day of work is 10 , 20 or 30 years off , you need to have a basic grasp of the challenges these systems face and the price you 'll be asked to pay to keep them alive and kicking .
Getting ready is partly a matter of how much you save - but as you 'll see , it also matters where you save it .
Social Security : How much trouble is it in ?
Established back in 1935 , when the U.S. was mired in the Great Depression , the Social Security program now replaces just under 40 % of the average retiree 's pre-retirement earnings .
Even for higher - paid workers , it represents a significant source of income :
For people who currently earn $ 100,000 or more on the job , Social Security is expected to replace about 25 % of their incomes , on average , in retirement .
So it had better be there .
But thanks largely to the baby boom , there 's a funding gap in the not - too - distant future .
Social Security is a " pay as you go " retirement system - that is , the Social Security taxes that get deducted from your paycheck today are used to pay out benefits to today 's retirees .
Right now the Social Security system is taking in more money in tax revenue than it is paying out in benefits , with the surplus being entered into the government 's books as the system 's " trust fund . "
But with so many boomers headed into retirement , that situation is likely to reverse sometime around 2017 .
Benefits will exceed revenue , and Social Security will have to draw on that trust fund .
By 2041 the trust fund will be tapped out too .
At that point Social Security payroll taxes will be enough to fund only about 78 % of promised benefits .
The oldest boomers will be 95 that year .
The youngest will be 77 , with perhaps another decade or two of retirement to fund .
The price you 'll pay
As bad as this all sounds , Social Security could be brought into balance without extreme pain .
None of the reform proposals that have gotten the slightest political traction , including President George W. Bush 's effort , would touch benefits for anyone over 55 when enacted .
Retirement ages could be increased , but with life expectancy rising , that may not be so terrible , at least in a white - collar job .
One well - regarded proposal , by economists Peter Diamond and Peter Orszag , would reduce promised benefits gradually , with today 's twentysomethings losing just 8.6 % of their benefit .
Payroll taxes would rise from 6.2 % to 7.1 % by 2055 .
That 's hardly earth - shattering .
And once you were retired , of course , you'd be off the hook for those higher payroll taxes .
But you may not be off the hook for all Social Security taxes .
You see , Social Security has been in bigger financial trouble before .
And the last time it went in for repair , lawmakers put in place some obscure new taxes on affluent retirees to shore up the system .
Those taxes are automatically going to snag more and more people .
To understand these stealth taxes , you have to look back to the early 1980s .
Ronald Reagan appointed a commission , chaired by future Federal Reserve chief Alan Greenspan , to come up with ways to keep Social Security solvent .
The commission 's recommendation :
Make the wealthiest retirees pay partial taxes on their Social Security benefits .
In 1984 that recommendation became law .
This tax is confusing , to put it mildly .
When half of your Social Security benefit , plus all your other income , exceeds $ 25,000 , or $ 32,000 as a married couple , some of your Social Security benefit starts to count as taxable income .
That " other " income includes withdrawals from regular 401 ( k ) accounts and traditional IRAs , as well as payments from a traditional pension plan and any employment income .
It also includes dividends , interest and capital gains on investments - even the interest on tax - free municipal bonds is thrown into the calculation .
For each dollar of income over that $ 25,000 threshold , 50 � of Social Security counts as taxable income until 50 % of your benefit is subject to taxes .
( Told you it was confusing . )
There 's more .
In 1994 the Clinton administration upped the ante .
Now when half of your Social Security plus other income tops $ 34,000 , or $ 44,000 for a couple , you have to add 85 � of your Social Security to taxable income for each additional dollar of earnings .
And the pain does n't stop until 85 % of your benefits have been tossed into your taxable income .
At first these rules did n't affect a lot of people .
But here 's the catch : Like the dreaded alternative minimum tax , those crucial income thresholds were n't indexed to inflation .
As a result , a third of all retirees are now paying federal income tax on their Social Security benefits .
In 10 years , 43 % of retirees will be subject to at least some of this tax .
For those caught in it , the tax makes the shelter of 401 ( k ) s and traditional IRAs less valuable than you might have assumed .
Let 's say you get $ 24,000 a year from Social Security and draw $ 22,000 from a pension .
That 's enough to start moving you into the 85 % zone .
Every additional dollar you withdraw or earn will have you reporting an additional $ 1.85 in taxable income .
Hit the 25 % tax bracket and that adds up to a 46 � levy on what surely must have seemed like , and spent like , only a buck of income .
Presto :
You have an effective marginal tax rate of 46 % .
Unless , that is , you get your income from somewhere else - but more on that in a moment .
This tax is sticking around , says Andrew Biggs , a Social Security expert at the American Enterprise Institute .
" If the government dropped the tax , they'd have to come up with something to replace it , which they do n't have , " he says .
Send feedback to Money Magazine
Two weeks ago , I wrote that the breakdown of the nation 's financial industry was undeniably a self - induced injury ; that it would finally force conservatives to own up to the wrongheadedness of their deregulatory project ; that they could n't possibly blame the disaster on any of their traditional bogeymen .
But I had forgotten about conservatives ' extraordinary instincts for blame - evasion .
This is a movement , after all , that blandly recasts its greatest idols as traitors once their popularity has crashed ; that routinely sloughs ...
There was little coverage here when Czech parliamentarians went on hunger strike earlier this year .
Representing 70 % of the Czech people , they were objecting to a base in the Czech Republic as part of the American missile defence programme .
Like most Europeans , they believe that missile defence makes Europe – including the UK– less safe , not more .
Indeed , polls have shown that less than a quarter of Britons disagree that missile defence involvement puts Britain on the front line .
This Czech base would be linked to another in neighbouring Poland , designed to house ten interceptor missiles as part of the same shield .
Forty more missiles are being sited at Fort Greeley in Alaska , and yet more at the Ronald Reagan missile base in California .
On top of this deployment , it is proposed to settle another one hundred and thirty interceptor rockets on naval vessels .
Ultimately , the United States Department of Defense plans to incorporate space - based , laser , and high altitude elements to this shield , in line with their military doctrine of full - spectrum dominance .
However , there are many problems associated with this " son of Star Wars " .
Firstly , it aims to shoot down missiles in space – akin to a bullet hitting a bullet at a closing speed of four miles per second ( 14,900 miles per hour ) .
Senior scientists and former US government figures like Ted Postol and Dick Garwin insist that the programme is a chimerical pursuit of the unworkable .
The only tests to date which appear to have worked involved planting a homing device in the target to ensure accuracy .
What about a hostile missile equipped with countermeasures , throwing out decoys against interceptors ?
Surely anyone capable of launching an inter-continental ballistic missile would also be prescient enough to include protective counter measures ?
This is also a hugely expensive programme .
It has been priced at $ 450 bn ( £ 280bn ) .
One hundred billion dollars have already been spent on development without any solid evidence that missile defence actually works .
Although John McCain is an enthusiast , Barack Obama has questioned its huge cost and doubtful outcome .
Yet the biggest problem is its destabilising effect .
It sets Russian against Pole and Czech .
It has created a world where Putin and his generals can point to an encircling American military .
Ever since the US revoked the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty in 2001 , Russia has looked nervously at American expansion .
Missile defence , they fear , is ultimately aimed at them , and their strategic defence capability .
The Americans point the finger at " rogue states " – nowadays , a euphemism for Iran .
However , when North Korea was the prime concern , the US engaged in an ultimately successful dialogue with them on their weapons programme .
If Russia and the European Union had their way , talking with Tehran would remain the way forward .
Russia has actually called America 's bluff on missile defence , offering co-operation against rogue states , and the use of radar facilities within Russia .
The Americans turned them down , as our government surreptitiously allowed the incorporation of RAF Fylingdales and RAF Menwith Hill into the American system .
This was without the public and parliamentary debate demanded by more than two thirds of the British public , and promised by Tony Blair in February 2007 .
Now , what would I think if I were Russian ?
Maybe so , but that was a lot for my malarkey meter to absorb .
Then , on Thursday , my meter sputtered as Alan Greenspan , former “ Maestro ” of the Federal Reserve , testified before the same Congressional questioners .
He defended years of regulatory inaction in the face of predatory lending and said he was “ in a state of shocked disbelief ” that financial institutions did not rein themselves in when there were billions to be made by relaxing their lending practices and trafficking in exotic derivatives .
Mr. Greenspan was shocked , shocked to find that there was gambling going on in the casino .
MY poor , overtaxed , smoke - and - mirrors meter gave out altogether when Christopher Cox , chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission , took his turn on the committee ’s hot seat .
His agency had allowed Wall Street firms to load up on leverage without increasing its oversight of them .
But he said on Thursday that the credit crisis highlights “ the need for a strong S.E.C. , which is unique in its arm ’s- length independence from the institutions and persons it regulates . ”
He said that with a straight face , too .
There was more .
Mr. Cox went on to suggest that his hapless agency should begin regulating credit - default swaps .
This , recall , is that $ 55 trillion market at the heart of almost every big corporate failure and near - collapse of recent months .
Trading in these swaps , which offer insurance against debt defaults , exploded in recent years .
As the market for the swaps grew , so did the risks  and the interconnectedness  among the firms that traded them .
During the years when these risks were ramping up unregulated , Mr. Cox and his crew were silent on the swaps beat .
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) -
The nation 's manufacturers cut back production at a much faster pace than expected in September , the Institute for Supply Management reported Wednesday .
This is the lowest level since October 2001 .
The ISM index plunged to 43.5 % in September from 49.9 % in August .
This is the biggest drop in the index since 1984 .
The drop surprised economists .
The consensus forecast of estimates collected by Marketwatch was for the index to slip only a bit to 49.6 % .
Readings below 50 indicate contraction .
The ISM index has been holding near 50 since the summer .
The previous low this year was 48.3 in February .
Economists said the ISM index was near recessionary levels .
Time 's article , " The Mumbai Perpetrators Showed Combat Training " , really drives home the point that the War on Terror is only providing a training ground for more and better terrorists .
The article states " ... I would say it 's likely the attackers picked up their combat experience in Afghanistan .
They could have come out of Iraq as well ... " .
Those of us on the anti-war side have been making this point for a long time now .
Will the world finally wake up to it ?
Cuil , pronounced “ cool , ” is only the latest in a long string of start - up companies that have been founded and financed with the goal of competing with Google , as well as Yahoo and Microsoft .
( In June , Google accounted for 61.5 percent of search queries in the United States , while Yahoo held 20.9 percent and Microsoft had 9.2 percent , according to comScore . )
Some of the most prominent include Powerset , which Microsoft recently bought , and Wikia , which was founded by Jimmy Wales , one of the creators of Wikipedia .
So far , none have managed to make a dent in the search market .
Image
The makers of the Cuil search engine say it should provide better results and show them in a more attractive manner .
But some analysts say Cuil has potential , in part because of the pedigree of its founders .
“ This is the most promising thing I ’ve seen in a while , ” said Danny Sullivan , who has followed the online search business for more than a decade and is the editor of Search Engine Land .
“ Whether they are going to threaten Microsoft , much less Google , that ’s another story . ”
Mr. Costello , a former researcher at Stanford , said that with 120 billion Web pages , Cuil ’s search index is larger than any other .
The company uses a form of data mining to group Web pages by content , which makes the search engine more efficient , he said .
Instead of showing results as short snippets of text and images with links , it displays longer entries and uses more pictures .
It also provides tools to help users further refine their queries .
Google would not comment on Cuil and would not disclose the size of its own index .
But in an e-mail statement , Google said that it maintained “ the largest collection of documents searchable on the Web ” and welcomed competition .
A year ago , I posted Like Slime , for Vim .
There was a lot of interest in sticking with Vim but having a way to get something similar to Slime .
I tried to explain what the plugin was all about … but I always felt it would be better served by a screencast .
Here ’s what I came up with :
( Watch it bigger )
In short :
you can control GNU screen from the command - line
vim can , therefore , control GNU screen
you type in vim , type C-c C-c , and it appears in your screen session
just run clojure ( bash , ruby , scala , … ) in screen
Read the original post for more details .
To save you time , here ’s the Vim plugin : slime.vim .
SANTIAGO , Chile 
Chile ’s health minister said Thursday that the country ’s public health system had failed to notify at least 512 people that they were infected with H.I.V. , and that private - sector services did not inform an additional 1,364 that they were carrying the virus , which causes AIDS .
Speaking to lawmakers in Santiago , the health minister , Álvaro Erazo , said that in about half of the cases there was no evidence that anyone tried to reach the patients .
“ There is no justification for that , ” Mr. Erazo told members of Chile ’s Congress .
The health minister ’s admission came just weeks after his predecessor , María Soledad Barría , was forced to resign after revelations that a hospital in Iquique , in the north , had failed to notify dozens of patients that they were H.I.V.- positive .
Two people in the hospital later died from complications of AIDS .
Mr. Erazo was summoned before Congress to give a report on the notification problems .
With Thursday ’s revelations , the scandal is deepening .
Advertisements
After Democratic Senate Caucus voted 42 - 13 not to strip Independent Sen. Joe Lieberman of his Homeland Security chairmanship , Lieberman admitted both that he owes Obama , and that he regrets some of the remarks he made about the president elect during the presidential campaign .
After the vote , Lieberman urged unity , “ This is the beginning of a new chapter , and I know that my colleagues in the Senate Democratic Caucus were moved not only by the kind words that Senator Reid said about my longtime record , but by the appeal from President - elect Obama himself that the nation now unite to confront our very serious problems . ”
He also said that he regrets some of the statements made during the campaign , “ There are some ( statements ) that I made that I wish I had not .
In the heat of campaigns , that happens to all of us , but I regret that .
And now it ’s time to move on . ”
Without Obama ’s support , Lieberman would have been stripped of his committee chairmanship .
Majority Leader Harry Reid went from making cryptic statements about Lieberman ’s future after he met with him last Thursday , to today telling reporters that it is time to move on .
It is obvious to all that Obama brought about this public change in position .
If Lieberman would have been booted out of the Democratic caucus , he would have lost all of his power .
The truth is that the Democrats need Lieberman ’s vote , and Lieberman needs the Democrats .
Advertisements
What Lieberman should regret most was the questioning of Obama ’s patriotism .
In August , Lieberman said , “ In my opinion , the choice could not be more clear : between one candidate , John McCain , who ’s had experience , been tested in war and tried in peace , another candidate who has not .
Between one candidate , John McCain , who has always put the country first , worked across party lines to get things done , and one candidate who has not .
Between one candidate who ’s a talker , and the other candidate who ’s the leader America needs as our next candidate . ”
Lieberman crossed the line in a big way , during the fall campaign .
His speech at the Republican convention galled many Democrats , along with his constant criticism of Obama .
If Obama would have lost the election , the wrath of Democrats would have come down on Lieberman , but winning is a fantastic tonic , so most Democrats see no need to punish Lieberman for a losing effort .
The public remarks of many Senate Democrats have made it clear that he has a lot of bridges to mend on the Senate floor , but I think that Obama will now have little problem getting his legislation through Lieberman ’s committee .
Quotes came from here
Have American Elections Really Been Stolen ?
Have American Elections Really Been Stolen ?
Part 1 in the ' Democracy ' in America Series – The Proof By Mark A. Adams JD / MBA
Well , let ’s see .
With trillions of dollars up for grabs , someone might want seize power , but they ’d get caught , right ?
With the ' news ' media and the Dept. of ' Justice ' concentrating on voter fraud , there ’s really just no way that anyone could get away with stealing an election , is there ?
Well , you would think so , would n’t you ?
Unfortunately , you ’d be wrong .
This may explain why enough members of Congress decided to ignore the overwhelming will of the voters by rushing through a banker bailout bill while letting millions of American families get thrown out in the streets .
For more on that , see If I were a Terrorist
So what ?
Our government representatives have been ignoring us for a while , and that does n’t mean they are n’t worried about getting voted out , does it ?
They could just be counting on the ' news ' media to endorse them for re-election even though they have just sat by in Congress while the Bush regime pillaged our country or helped with the pillaging .
No , certainly , the ' news ' media would n’t just tell everyone to send the same crowd back to Congress , would it ?
For some fine examples of the great advice from those in the ' news ' media , see The Tampa Tribune – Return Incumbents to U.S. House and The St. Petersburg Times – For House of Representatives ( Send the Incumbents Back )
Notice that both of these articles do not mention any election contest by John Russell .
Well , so the ' news ' media is the lapdog for those in power , but that ’s typical right ?
Did n’t our Founders want a free press so that it could tell us to just trust those in power and keep electing them no matter how badly they screwed things up ?
Anyway , the ' news ' media would tell us if someone produced evidence that an election had been stolen .
It certainly told us about those articles of impeachment did n’t it .
Oh , that ’s right , it did n’t .
Still , if someone produced evidence showing that the votes had not been counted accurately and that an election may have been stolen , the ' news ’ media would certainly cover that right .
Yes , it did for a very short while .
See the following articles :
The St. Petersburg Times – Challenge Cuts Short Brown - Waite ’s Celebration published January 6 , 2007 http://www.sptimes.com/2007/01/06/Pasco/Challenge_cuts_short_.shtml.
It ’s also available at this link in case it disappears like the following article from the Tampa Tribune did .
Notice that this article includes comments by Karen Thurman , the Chair of the Florida Democratic Party ( FDP ) , showing that the FDP helped with the Sarasota election contest , but that it had not helped with the other challenges .
It shows that Thurman was aware of the election contest brought by John Russell , and she said the other challenges , ' will raise interest in the issue of whether these machines can accurately count . '
However , this article curiously fails to mention the other challengers , Clint Curtis and Frank Gonzalez .
Rather than helping with the contests where evidence was being obtained showing that the votes were not counted accurately , the FDP failed to help and refused to even inform its members of them !
In February of 2007 , John Russell and I talked with Thurman in person and asked if the FDP would help with our contests .
Thurman repeated the Democratic Party mantra that talk of election fraud would scare voters away .
We replied that if the results are rigged , why does it matter how many voters show up at the polls ?
Then , Thurman admitted to us that they were afraid that contributors would not contribute if they knew that elections were fixed !!!!!
The Tampa Tribune – Russell Contests Brown - Waite ’s Election Victory published January 5 , 2007 http://www.tbo.com/pasco/MGBYTGHYJWE.html
It was there until it disappeared , but thanks to Adobe Acrobat and fair use , you can see it here .
The Tampa Tribune - 3 Democrats Contest Wins by Incumbents published January 12 , 2007 http://www.tbo.com/news/metro/MGBNU750UWE.html
Once again , this article disappeared , but you can see it here .
It 's also available on Zogby ’s web site - 3 Democrats Contest Wins by Incumbents
Notice that this Tribune article includes comments by Lance DeHaven - Smith , a political scientist from Florida State University , who says that the controversy over voting machines has ' created an unwillingness to accept certain outcomes . '
The article ends with another comment by DeHaven - Smith who says , ' you ca n’t prove an election was stolen .
But you also ca n’t prove that it was n’t . '
Perhaps if the ' journalists ' had explained to DeHaven - Smith that affidavits had been gathered from voters showing how they voted and that it contradicted the official vote ' counts , ' then he may have had a different opinion , but of course , then it may not have been published .
Also , notice that this article includes quotes showing that Ben Wilcox , the Director of Common Cause for Florida , was aware of these contests and that he is quoted in a way which attacks the credibility of them .
Curiously , Ben Wilcox also spoke at the election reform rally in Tallahassee in March of 2007 along with John Russell , Clint Curtis , Reggie Mitchell , the attorney for PFAW in the Sarasota election contest , and me .
However , Common Cause never once told its members about the election contests by John Russell , Clint Curtis , or Frank Gonzalez , and amazingly , neither did PFAW or Move On in spite of repeated requests to do so !!!
After these articles were published in early January of 2007 , the ' news ' media cartel went into blackout mode on these election contests .
Once again , instead of informing the public , the ' news ' treated evidence showing that elections in America have been stolen just like it has treated all news about secret vote counting being unconstitutional , it blacked out the truth to keep the " sheeple " in the dark !
That ’s right , secret vote counting is unconstitutional !
See , Virginia ’s Elections Are UNCONSTITUTIONAL ?!?!
So , where is some of the evidence showing that votes were stolen ?
Here is the evidence showing that the official vote ' count ' which on page 9 claims that only 35 votes were cast for John Russell in the Congressional election in Pasco County precinct 151 is wrong .
Here are the affidavits obtained from the voters who voted in that precinct according to the poll register .
These affidavits show that John Russell received at least 40 votes and possibly 41 votes if the provisional ballot was counted .
This shows that at least 14 % of the votes cast for John Russell in precinct 151 were not counted for him .
We obtained similar evidence in Clint Curtis ’ district as Clint discusses in this video .
So , what happened after that evidence was obtained .
I ’ll give you a clue , American ' democracy ' lost , the Neo -Cons won and Nancy Pelosi helped them !
You ’ll have to stay tuned to OpEdNews.com or this news outlet for the next installment , or if you do n’t want to miss the next installment , send an email to Project Vote Count to get on our mailing list if you really want to know .
I only send out occasional emails about big news .
If you want to know how a few people in each county can take action to make sure that the votes are counted accurately or that a fraudulent vote count is exposed , see How to Stop Election Theft and How Not to Stop Election Theft ?
Finally , if you want to help send the courageous person who gathered proof that an election was stolen in America to Congress , support John Russell ’s campaign today with a donation and help Project Vote Count by volunteering to help conduct an exit poll or by donating to support our efforts .
Remember , the votes were not counted accurately in John ’s district in 2006 , and there is no way that the powers that be want John in Congress .
So , the only way to make sure that the votes are n’t stolen again is by taking action to make sure that the votes are counted accurately next week !
Carpe diem !
END
*************
© Scoop Media
