Gulf of Mexico oil spill could cost BP $ 3 billion or more
A boat makes its way through crude oil that has leaked from a BP oil well in the Gulf of Mexico on April 28 , 2010 near New Orleans , Louisiana .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
There are a lot of uncertainties right now about the Gulf oil spill .
But one thing is clear :
In addition to the intangible loss of wildlife , it 's going to cost BP a lot of money .
Under current law an oil well 's owner is responsible to foot the bill for the entire cost of clean up in the event of a disaster .
In this case that includes BP ( BP ) and minority partners Anadarko ( BP ) and Mitsui .
Clean up costs are currently running about $ 6 million a day , according to BP .
Those include the cost of running the remote submarines that are trying to close the well , the drilling rig that 's needed to permanently cap the well , and the boats corralling and removing the oil from the water .
And with the government mobilizing to help in the clean up , it also includes reimbursing any costs that the Coast Guard or Navy incur above their normal operating expenses .
But these costs will jump once the slick makes landfall .
" That 's when the costs really start to mount , " said Steve Potter , a vice president at SL Ross Environmental Research , a consulting firm that specializes in oil clean up techniques .
Cleaning an oil spill on land is much more labor intensive than doing so at sea , said Potter , as it involves paying lots of people to put up barriers , scrub beaches and skim wetlands .
He said BP can expect to spend at least double what it 's shelling out now once the spill hits shore .
Then there 's the lawsuits - which have already begun to be filed - as fishermen miss work , ports close , and other disruptions occur along the Gulf Coast .
" The implication it will have on the fishing industry there is going to be huge , " said Robbert Van Batenburg , head of global research at Louis Capital Markets , a Manhattan - based brokerage .
" It 's just a nightmare to think about . "
The clean up and the lawsuits together might run might run the company $ 3 billion , according to a research note Friday from Bank of America / Merrill Lynch .
But even that figure could be higher if the incident hits BP 's reputation to the point where other firms no longer want to do business with them , said Van Batenburg , or if future oil exploration is limited as a result of the spill .
In many ways this spill is being compared to the 1989 Exxon Valdez disaster , where a tanker ran aground in Alaska 's Prince William Sound , spilling nearly 11 million gallons of oil .
While neither spill is likely to be even close to some of the largest spills of all time worldwide , they both occurred close to shore near environmentally sensitive areas where many people make a living from the ocean .
That makes these disasters very expensive .
The Valdez spill ultimately cost Exxon $ 4.3 billion in clean up , fines and lawsuit costs , according to an Exxon spokeswoman .
But in one important way this BP spill is very different - it 's still going on .
Efforts to cap the well have so far been unsuccessful .
BP officials say it could take up to three months in a worst case scenario to stop the flow , which would be done by drilling into the well and filling it with a thick mud .
At the well 's current flow rate of 210,000 gallons a day it will take just 52 days to exceed the amount of oil spilled by the Valdez .
And the flow rate has already been revised higher once - by a factor of five .
All this uncertainty has spooked investors .
BP shares have sank nearly 13 % in the last 5 days - wiping out $ 25 billion in shareholder value .
Other companies involved in the spill , including rig operator Transocean ( RIG ) , Halliburton ( HAL , Fortune 500 ) which cemented the well , and Cameron International ( CAM , Fortune 500 ) which made the piece of equipment that failed to cut off the oil flow , have all seen even greater declines , even though their liability may be quite limited .
The bloodbath has been so bad that many banks are now rating the shares a buy , even BP's .
" This implied cost is simply too much to us , " said the Merrill note , referring to the loss in market capitalization .
" The hit on BP 's shares looks overdone . "
Indeed , if the company caps the well and the extent of the damage becomes known , BP shares could bounce back in a week , said Van Batenburg .
As for the hit on BP 's bank account , whether it 's $ 2 billion , $ 3 billion or $ 5 billion , it 's worth noting that the company made over $ 6 billion in profit in just the first three months of 2010 .
" I would n't feel sorry for them too much , " said Van Batenburg .
' It 's not something they can't afford . "
By the slimmest of margins , Southwest Airlines Co. made a profit in the first quarter while other big carriers were losing money .
Southwest said Thursday it earned $ 11 million , or a penny per share .
Revenue rose 11.6 percent .
The airline says it 's seeing an uptick in business travel but is struggling with jet fuel costs , which jumped by about one - third .
Southwest said it was coping with higher fuel costs by improving productivity , and had cut the number of employees per plane by 3 percent compared with a year ago .
Last week , CEO Gary Kelly said Southwest was trying to shrink its work force through attrition and did n't plan any hiring this year .
Last year , the airline convinced 1,400 employees , or about 4 percent of its workers , to take buyouts and leave the company .
Southwest said its first - quarter profit included write - downs of its fuel - hedging contracts that were designed to save money .
Without those write - downs , it would have earned $ 24 million , or 3 cents per share , which matched the forecast of analysts surveyed by Thomson Reuters .
A year ago , the Dallas company lost $ 91 million .
Revenue rose to $ 2.63 billion in the first quarter , a tick better than the analysts ' forecast of $ 2.62 billion .
Kelly said Thursday that as the January - to - March quarter went along , Southwest saw a modest pickup in full - fare traffic — presumably business travelers .
Kelly said the company expected that second - quarter revenue would also surpass sales from the same period last year .
Southwest 's profit stood in contrast to large first - quarter losses reported so far by Delta Air Lines Inc. , American Airlines parent AMR Corp. , and Continental Airlines Inc .
Southwest has tried to separate itself from the pack by letting passengers check two bags free , avoiding bag fees levied by most other large U.S. carriers .
Southwest boosted traffic in the first quarter compared with last year , but so did some of the airlines that charge bag fees .
Prison Planet.com
Friday , April 16 , 2010
Secure Your DVD here : http://infowars-shop.stores.yahoo.net…
Alex Jones releases the first Police State 4 sneak peak .
Financial terrorism was brought on by the bankers and the politicians who obey them .
This is an exert from a whole section where we show the who was fear - mongering with threats of martial law and a collapsed stock market .
It is coming to the infowar April 21st 2009 .
Secure your copy today at Infowars.com or become a member of prisonplanet.tv to see it first in high - quality .
Get it out an make it viral .
Be the change you want to see .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
Police State 4 The Rise of FEMA :
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Tyranny is HERE !
The grim future foretold in 1984 has become reality .
The United States is now recognized globally as one of the most oppressive police states on earth .
And it ’s only getting worse .
POLICE STATE 4 chronicles the sickening depths to which our republic has fallen .
Veteran documentary filmmaker Alex Jones conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of FEMA camps , now being expanded nationwide .
The military industrial complex is transforming our once free nation into a giant prison camp .
A cashless society control grid , constructed in the name of fighting terrorism , was actually built to enslave the American people .
Body scanners , sound cannons , citizen spies , staged terror and cameras on every street corner — it ’s only the beginning of the New World Order ’s hellish plan .
This film exposes how the “ Continuity of Government ” program has established an all powerful shadow state .
Prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship , FEMA camps , and a shredded Constitution .
Witness police and military savagely attacking innocent citizens as our own government unleashes false flag operations to justify its oppression .
Then watch as Alex Jones takes on corrupt mercenary police and exposes mainstream media brainwashing .
THE POLICE STATE ISN ’T COMING , IT ’S HERE !
Ships April 21st
This article was posted : Friday , April 16 , 2010 at 8:46 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Yesterday , TechCrunch caught wind of a very interesting rumor that stated Google was either preparing to buy BumpTop , or that the deal has already gone down .
Since then , the story has been confirmed by Google themselves , however there was no reason nor did their exist any details regarding the terms to which both sides agreed .
We ’re happy to welcome the BumpTop team to Google , but we do n’t have any specific information to share .
BumpTop is a desktop organizer that sits atop Windows and Mac - based systems and is intended to be used on touch - screen monitors or tablet devices .
The technology is really cool and incorporates multi- touch to provide the user with a streamlined , pretty , and easy interface to handle every day computing needs .
With Google rumored to be working on their own tablet device , an acquisition of BumpTop makes us wonder : will we see it used for such a purpose ?
Even without the prospect of Android being equipped on the device ( many are banking on Google ’s new ChromeOS to be the system of choice ) it gets us thinking about the possibility of Google taking small bits and pieces from BumpTop and using them to enhance the Android experience .
We ’ve already seen as much in Android 2.1 ’s gallery app thanks to Google ’s partnership with CoolIris , so I see no reason not to expect they ’d use this acquisition to pretty up more of the Android OS .
To boot , BumpTop will no longer be developed ( or available for sale ) for either Mac OS or Windows - based PCs , with the developer stating :
Today , we have a big announcement to make : we ’re going to be taking BumpTop in an exciting new direction , which means that BumpTop ( for both Windows and Mac ) will no longer be available for sale .
Additionally , no updates to the products are planned .
It ’s clear , then , that Google needs this to be unique to whatever endeavours they ’re planning with this move .
We ca n’t say much given the lack of details – and we could very well see this being another case of the Grand Central acquisition where Google provided the same service under their own “ Google Voice ” brand – but when BumpTop returns ( in some form or another ) we ’ll be right there to gawk all over Google ’s plans to use it .
Irony report :
Is it just me , or does that look like Steve Jobs in the image we used ?
Just sayin’ .
IN BRITAIN , after the Daily Telegraph broke the story last year that members of parliament had blatantly fiddled expenses , all the media had a field day .
In Japan details are leaking out of a large secret fund kept in a black box near the prime minister 's office that for decades has been used to curry political favours , including , it is said , among journalists and television commentators .
Tellingly , the Japanese media is reacting to the scandal like the three wise monkeys of Nikko : see no evil , hear no evil , speak no evil .
The existence of the slush fund has long been known to insiders .
But details of its size and the way it was spent were unknown to the public until Hiromu Nonaka , a former chief cabinet secretary , revealed last month that from 1998 - 99 he spent up to ¥ 70 m ( $ 600,000 at the exchange rate of the time ) a month from his secret little piggy bank .
That included ¥ 10 m to the prime minister , ¥ 10 m to politicians in the then - ruling Liberal Democratic Party ( LDP ) , and more scattered among political commentators and opposition - party members , including those going on trips to North Korea .
Mr Nonaka , who is 84 , says he made the confession because he did not want to carry the secret to the grave about what he rightly refers to as taxpayers ' money .
But he may also have been making mischief for the Democratic Party of Japan ( DPJ ) , which drove the LDP from power last year .
It has since come to light that the new government of Yukio Hatoyama , elected on a platform of transparency and accountability , has been dipping into the cabinet office 's slush fund as freely as its LDP predecessors .
On May 14th Hirofumi Hirano , Mr Hatoyama 's chief cabinet secretary , confirmed , in answer to a largely unreported parliamentary question by the Japanese Communist Party , that he had withdrawn ¥ 360 m ( $ 3.8 m ) from the fund between September and March , and spent all but ¥ 16 m .
He claimed to have returned the unused portion to the exchequer .
But , he also said , for the time being he did not intend to disclose what the money was spent on , nor did he expect to stop using the pot .
Mr Hirano also appeared reluctant to investigate the outgoing LDP administration led by Taro Aso , which raided the fund last year just before it handed over power to Mr Hatoyama .
Two days after the election , and two weeks before leaving office , it withdrew an impressive ¥ 250m .
Some people might shrug off the fund as part of the old Japanese tradition of gift - giving , admittedly involving some pretty generous presents .
Mr Hirano says money is necessary to gather information “ for the benefit of the nation ” .
But for a government that has long promised to dig up the “ buried treasure ” hidden in government accounts in order to improve shaky public finances , it is extraordinary that it , too , is taking such brazen advantage of this darkest of slush funds .
Just as extraordinary , not to mention suspicious , is the impressive silence from most of the powerful mass media .
More evidence , if it were needed , of its central role in Japan 's longstanding political dysfunction .
AP : Pope refused to defrock convicted priest
A Catholic diocese in Canada sued the victim of a convicted pedophile priest , driving the victim to attempt suicide several times , according to a newspaper report published Sunday .
The church ’s move would prove to be a successful tactic to force the victim to settle out of court .
And some victims of Catholic church sex abuse say the tactic is a common one .
ADVERTISEMENT
John Caruso , a victim of convicted Roman Catholic priest James Kneale , sued the church for $ 8.6 million over sexual abuse he suffered at Kneale ’s hands as an altar boy in the 1980s .
The church responded with a “ legal thunderbolt , ” reports Mary Ormsby at the Toronto Star :
Kneale and the diocese countersued CarusoÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s mother and father .
They claimed the parents were negligent in failing to get counselling and medical help for their teenaged son and that CarusoÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s father regularly beat him , compounding his psychological troubles .
The legal hardball shattered the once - devout family .
The Star reports that the strain of the lawsuit pushed Caruso , a resident of Fort Erie , Ontario , to attempt suicide several times .
Caruso ’s mother , Claire , died last year as the legal battle continued to rage .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ She took it to her grave thinking she was part of the problem , Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢ Caruso told the Star .
He settled out of court , for an undisclosed amount , four months after his mother ’s death .
Ormsby reports that the church ’s tactics in the legal battle were “ not unusual . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Despite the churchÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s pledge to handle victims with compassion Ã¢â‚¬â€ a position repeated this month by Pope Benedict Ã¢â‚¬â€  it too often plays a game of courtroom chicken with stall tactics , hostile discovery sessions and intrusive psychological probes that unnerve vulnerable clients , say victims and their lawyers , ” Ormsby writes .
On Sunday , The Associated Press reported that Pope Benedict XVI , while still a cardinal , refused to defrock an American priest who had been convicted on multiple counts of sexual abuse , “ simply because the cleric would n’t agree to it . ”
Documents obtained by The Associated Press from court filings in the case of the late Rev. Alvin Campbell of Illinois show Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , following church law at the time , turned down a bishop ’s plea to remove the priest for no other reason than the abuser ’s refusal to go along with it .
ADVERTISEMENT
The AP lays the blame for the situation with regulations put into place by the previous pope , John Paul II , designed to keep priests from leaving the church .
John Paul made it tougher to leave the priesthood after assuming the papacy in 1978 , saying their vocation was a lifelong one .
A consequence of that policy was that , as the priest sex abuse scandal arose in the U.S. , bishops were no longer able to sidestep the lengthy church trial necessary for laicization .
The Channel Seven newsroom has split this morning over the ethics of state political reporter Adam Walters ' icky scoop exposing transport minister David Campbell 's " double life " as a bisexual man .
The Channel Seven newsroom has split this morning over the ethics of state political reporter Adam Walters ’ icky scoop exposing transport minister David Campbell ’s “ double life ” as a bisexual man .
Campbell , whose wife is battling cancer , resigned immediately after Walters informed the government that Seven was running with the story last night .
Apparently acting on a tip - off , Walters and producer Steve Barrett had tailed Campbell to the salubrious gay sauna Ken ’s of Kensington on Tuesday , using a concealed camera to snag footage of him exiting the premises .
On Wednesday , Seven led its news with a Freedom of Information scoop on the Roads and Traffic Authority ( RTA ) report into the hold - up , but absent from the report was any reference to Campbell ’s whereabouts .
The minister ’s private life had been an open secret in state government and media circles for years .
So why did Walters decide to pull the trigger now ?
On April 20 in state parliament , Campbell was repeatedly questioned by shadow roads minister Andrew Stoner over his movements on April 12 — specifically what he was doing between 11:40 am , when the F3 truck smash occurred , and when the RTA ’s ‘ contra - flow system ’ was finally activated later that evening .
Campbell joked and ducked the question : “ As I ’ve said , I have absolute confidence in the work that I was doing that day . ”
A follow - up inquiry by former police commissioner Ken Moroney is likely to shed more light into the minister ’s movements .
But speculation is now swirling that Walters will reprise his yarn tonight , claiming Campbell may have been at Ken ’s while 20,000 motorists sweated in their cars south of Gosford .
In a brief press conference held as Crikey went to press , Campbell said that while his decision to frequent Ken ’s had hurt his family , there had been no impact on his professional life in parliament .
On the night of the F3 debacle , Campbell said he was at his ministerial offices and his apartment in Potts Point , from where he conducted several media interviews .
His office would release a statement with phone records proving his location later this afternoon .
Thanks for signing up
We look forward to seeing you bright and early with your need - to - know talking points and tidbits for the day ahead .
Get Crikey FREE to your inbox every weekday morning with the Crikey Worm .
Please enter your email address Sign up
In 2008 , Walters famously endured a “ short but bruising ” stint as the state government ’s most senior spin doctor in former premier Morris Iemma ’s ‘ strategy unit ’ , where his tryst with Reba Meagher began .
Walters later told the Daily Telegraph , which he would join months later as a staff reporter , that Iemma ’s office was “ a circus full of clowns ” and that he was planning his departure from his first day in the job .
The ill - will began after his planned appointment as Iemma ’s communication director was nixed when incumbent Glen Byers announced he would be staying on .
There is also a factional dimension .
Walters lost his job in September 2008 after the strategy unit was disbanded under Iemma ’s successor Nathan Rees .
At the time , Campbell was part of a group of ministers , including Meagher , that had moved against Iemma .
While his girlfriend stayed on , the former premier ’s treachery had left Walters without a gig .
David Koch picked up on this obvious conflict this morning , producing this amazing exchange on Seven ’s Sunrise :
Koch : “ Yeah , Adam , he [ Campbell ] has led a double life .
Let me play devil ’s advocate here : yes , he should apologise to his family , there ’s no doubt about that .
But is it a hanging offence ?
People make mistakes … to be polite you were involved in a similar situation when you worked at state parliament … ” Walters : “ Very briefly . ” Koch : “ … with a minister and things like that .
Private things happened .
So , should they have to resign ?
Yes they ’ve got a lot of explaining to do to their family , but should n’t it be left at that ? ”
Walters , who is paid $ 250,000 a year by Seven , has also been accused of attempting to protect his journalistic integrity by cloaking the headline - grabbing same - sex elements of the story in a sub - plot over Campbell ’s use of a “ ministerial vehicle ” .
But as premier Kristina Keneally remarked this morning , ministers routinely use their ministerial vehicles for private tasks , including picking up the kids from school .
25 Beautiful Old Cookbooks by Beth Carswell
Welcome to the Beautiful Book Boutique .
AbeBooks has many millions of books , many of which are rare books , collectible books , antiquarian books or unique books .
They range in subject from collectible children 's books and coloring books to out - of - print sports books and more .
And every day , thousands of books sell and thousands more are added from booksellers all over the world .
This time around we 're taking a look at some of the unique and beautiful old cookbooks we have on the site .
Whether we 're considering titles , content , or even cover design , it 's clear to see things have changed in the last hundred years .
Food has evolved , ingredients have changed , health priorities are different - cookbooks are very different today than yesterday .
Take for example Cook and Be Cool by Marie Harrison , from 1928 .
Not only does " be cool " have a different meaning than it did then , but there was no air - conditioning in private homes then , either .
But some things never change - people love to cook , love to share recipes and love to eat - and everyone loves beautiful books .
Please note : prices are approximate to within a small margin , as currencies fluctuate .
Quantity on rare books extremely limited ; copies on display may sell quickly .
25 Beautiful Old Cookbooks
In case you missed them the first time around :
Beautiful Butterfly Books
Beautiful Japan Books
Beautiful Old Sports Books
Beautiful Old Bird Books
30 Novels Worth Buying For the Cover Alone
30 Old Books Worth Buying For the Cover Alone
DALLAS —A Texas - size hole in the Lone Star state 's budget is putting pressure on Gov. Rick Perry , who is running for re-election this year as a model fiscal conservative .
Mr. Perry , a Republican in office for a decade , is touting his tax - cutting prowess and tight - fisted spending record as proof that he remains the right man for the job .
He has maintained a wide lead in polls .
But ...
The South African photographer Zwelethu Mthethwa ’s large - format photographs document the rural - industrial peripheries of South African cities and the migrant workers who live there .
His first monograph , recently published by Aperture , provides an overview of his work from the last decade .
Mthethwa ’s process is one of exchange and collaboration .
In an interview with Isolde Brielmaier , included in the book , Mthethwa says , “ It was important that I offered them the chance to decide how they wanted to be photographed , and in this way it became , in a sense , about giving them back their dignity and authorship . ”
Aware that he is often entering a private space , Mthethwa asks for permission before taking a portrait , and often waits patiently as his subjects , who work in cane fields and gold , quartz , and coal mines , adjust their appearance to their liking — washing or changing clothes , straightening a room .
Mthethwa ’s subjects appear to know their role in the image ; there is a sense of agreement in his vision .
Mthethwa ’s photographs suggest an energetic ambivalence between documentary photography and fine - art portraiture .
( It comes as no surprise that he was trained as a painter . )
In his “ Interiors ” series , Mthethwa frames his subjects among the decorative details of their homes : makeshift wallpaper , tablecloths , patterned linoleum , folded blankets .
The way each individual organizes his space and possessions is as specific and idiosyncratic as a fingerprint .
His striking photo of a man seated next to a neatly arranged collection of toiletries on a bedside table — deodorant , baby powder , a book of matches — shows how intimate these mundane and disposable objects can be .
Aperture has video of an interview with Mthethwa and the curator Okwui Enwezor ; keep your eyes open for his upcoming show at Studio Museum in Harlem this July .
1 / 8 Chevron Chevron From “ Interiors , ” 1995 - 2005 .
“ I would shuttle back and forth to the settlements to make certain that these people got a print of their image — usually 6 by 9 or 8 by 10 inches , ” Mthethwa tells Brielmaier .
All images copyright Zwelethu Mthethwa .
UDP Talk
A peer - to - peer UDP based instant messaging implementation .
On Debian and Ubuntu systems you should install the packages gnat , libflorist - dev and make before you attempt to build the program .
UDP
Talk is witten in Ada .
You can learn about Ada in the Ada Programming wikibook .
Download
Download and unpack your preferred version .
Enter the created directory .
Build command
make
Install command
sudo make install
This installs udp_talk in /usr / local / bin/ .
If you want to install it elsewhere , please modify the line INSTALL_BASE= / usr / local .
Run
If you have agreed to chat with somebody on port 2000 , who is sitting on the machine " some.remote.host " , you run the program like this :
udp_talk 2000 some.remote.host 2000
What you write shows up as normal text , and what your peer writes shows up as inverted text .
Remember that since the program is using UDP , there is no guarantee that every letter reaches its destination .
You should also be aware that this program does n't use any encryption , and that it is specifically designed to allow others to intercept a discussion .
Do not use it for secrets !
To do :
The scene tonight at US Airways Center figures to include more drama than a typical NBA playoff game .
Tuesday 's denouncement of Arizona 's controversial new immigration law by the Suns ' managing partner swung a political spotlight onto his team as it prepared to resume its Western Conference semifinal series against the San Antonio Spurs .
Robert Sarver decided - with unanimous support from his players - that the Suns would wear their " Los Suns " jerseys for Game 2 tonight on Cinco de Mayo , a Mexican holiday .
The gesture , which came with the blessing of the NBA and the league 's players union , reflects Sarver 's belief that passing Senate Bill 1070 was not " the right way to handle the immigration problem , Number 1 , " he said .
" Number 2 , as I read through the bill , it felt to me a little bit like it was mean - spirited , and I personally just do n't agree with it . "
Arizona sports teams and events have become targets for protests and calls for boycotts since SB 1070 was signed into law by Gov. Jan Brewer on April 23 .
The law makes it a state crime to be in Arizona without proper documents and requires local police to check the legal status of suspected undocumented immigrants .
Sarver 's decision is the first time a state sports entity has taken a public stand on the law , which is scheduled to go into effect in about 90 days .
" We think it 's appropriate what the Suns are doing , " NBA Commissioner David Stern told nba.com in Orlando .
The players union applauded the Suns ' move , saying in a statement Tuesday that Arizona 's new law is " disappointing and disturbing . "
General Manager Steve Kerr said the Suns are prepared for a backlash but felt it was their " duty " to address a national issue during the nationally televised platform of the NBA playoffs .
" It 's hard to imagine in this country that we have to produce papers , " Kerr said .
" It rings up images of Nazi Germany .
We understand that the intentions of the law are not for that to happen , but you have to be very , very careful .
. . .
It 's important that everyone in our state and nation understands this is an issue that needs to be explored .
So , we 're trying to expose it . "
Not surprisingly , Suns fans were divided over Sarver 's decision .
" They 're seizing the opportunity while everyone is watching , and I think it will go a long way in the hearts and minds of the Hispanic community , " said Byron Kline , 25 , a Phoenix commercial - real - estate agent , whose maternal grandparents emigrated from Mexico .
Tom Pomeroy , 57 , a Phoenix insurance agent , said the Suns " are just afraid they 're going to lose people , and that 's the motivation . "
" ( They ) do n't like to have Arizona pointed out as a fascist state that does things differently than the rest of the country , " Pomeroy added .
The Spurs wanted to join the Suns ' statement but could not get " Los Spurs " jerseys in time .
Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said he agrees with Sarver that the Arizona law is " inappropriate . "
" It 's kind of like 9/11 comes , and all of a sudden there 's a Patriot Act , just a knee - jerk sort of thing , and it changes our country , what we stand for .
This law smacks of that to some degree .
So , I think what he 's doing . . . is very wise and very correct . "
After the Suns won their first - round series in Portland , Ore. , on Thursday , Sarver made the decision that he wanted the Suns to wear the orange Los Suns jerseys , which Phoenix wore in two March home wins as part of the NBA 's Noche Latina marketing campaign .
In a team meeting at Sarver 's house Saturday , all the players were in favor of wearing them today , Sarver said .
" I looked around our plane and looked at our players and the diversity in our organization , " Sarver said .
" I thought we need to go on record that we honor our diversity in our team , in the NBA , and we need to show support for that .
As for the political part of that , that 's my statement . "
Suns co-captain Steve Nash , a South African - born Canadian who has a green card to work in the U.S. , has no problem expressing his political views under the basketball spotlight .
He once wore a " No war .
Shoot for peace " T - shirt during 2003 All - Star Game interviews .
" It 's a clear - cut issue for me , " said Nash , one of three foreigners on the Suns roster , along with Brazil 's Leandro Barbosa and Slovenia 's Goran Dragic .
" I do n't agree with this bill , " Nash added .
" I do n't agree with the spirit of the bill or the message it sends , not only to people in our community but how it represents our community across the country and the world .
" I think the bill opens up the opportunity for racial profiling , racism .
I think it puts the police in an incredibly difficult position that is n't fair to them .
It 's an infringement on our civil liberties to allow the possibility for inequality to arise in our community . "
Are you looking for tempting salad and sandwich ideas to jazz up your brown bag lunches ?
Want to give the boot to the tired lunchmeat and tuna on white routine ?
Or maybe you ’re ready to take your packable lunches up to a higher level .
This collection of over 100 super recipes will beef up your lunch menu repertoire or maybe inspire you to jump on the brown bag lunch bandwagon if you ’re not already aboard .
If you are onboard , you ’re already enjoying the benefits of brown bagging it : eating more healthful meals , knowing your food sources , relaxing with pleasant eat - in lunches and of course , saving bucks ( lots of bucks : a daily $ 10.00 restaurant lunch tab totals $ 2,600 a year .
A $ 20.00 dollar a day big spender racks up a $ 5,200 yearly tab ) .
Reasons for not being aboard seem to center around the idea of missing out on lunch time networking , a reluctance to eat alone in a deserted workspace while work mates are out scarfing up lunch together in a noonday haze of camaraderie .
The weak spots in that scenario could include fatty , fast food lunch destinations , lunch mates whom you would actually prefer not to see every minute of the work day and fellow workers who might also love to bring their own lunch to work in this iffy economy , but who are too chicken to be the first in the office to break out of the eating out mold .
Except for occasional lunch dates , I ’ve always packed my own lunch whenever I ’ve worked on - site and enjoyed a tranquil respite reading while eating it .
Prepared in the morning , my favorite was a pasta salad with grape tomatoes , celery or peppers or whatever fresh veggies I had on hand , along with olives , capers and vinaigrette dressing .
For desert , a bunch of grapes .
A big snacker , I also packed little containers of dried fruits , trail mix and puffed wheat for all day munchies .
All were tossed into a canvas carryall bag .
For those more organized in the culinary department or who transport warm foods , a bento box collection might be the ticket .
These can be pricey , but would quickly pay for themselves with their sayonara to luncheonettes savings .
So for the brown bag lunch brigade and those considering joining them , here are 103 of the most creative recipes on the most streamlined sites ( no over the top links ) I could find :
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A court in Pakistan has ordered the authorities temporarily to block the Facebook social networking site .
The order came when a petition was filed after the site held a competition featuring caricatures of the Prophet Muhammad .
The petition , filed by a lawyers ' group called the Islamic Lawyers ' Movement , said the contest was " blasphemous " .
A message on the competition 's information page said it was not " trying to slander the average Muslim " .
" We simply want to show the extremists that threaten to harm people because of their Muhammad depictions that we 're not afraid of them , " a statement on the " Everybody Draw Muhammed Day " said .
" They can't take away our right to freedom of speech by trying to scare us into silence . "
The page in question contains caricatures of the Prophet Muhammad and characters from other religions , including Hinduism and Christianity , as well as comments both critical and supportive of Islam .
' Blasphemous ' Publications of similar cartoons in Danish newspapers in 2005 sparked angry protests in Muslim countries - five people were killed in Pakistan .
Facebook has more than 400 million users sharing 25 billion things a month Already the Pakistani press has reported protests against Facebook on Wednesday by journalists outside parliament in Islamabad , while various Islamic parties are also reported to be organising demonstrations .
Correspondents say that the internet is uncensored in Pakistan but the government monitors content by routing all traffic through a central exchange .
Justice Ejaz Ahmed Chaudhry of the Lahore High Court ordered the department of communications to block the website until 31 May , and to submit a written reply to the petition by that date .
An official told the court that parts of the website that were holding the competition had been blocked , reports the BBC Urdu service 's Abdul Haq in Lahore .
But the petitioner said a partial blockade of a website was not possible and that the entire link had to be blocked .
The lawyers ' group says Pakistan is an Islamic country and its laws do not allow activities that are " un - Islamic " or " blasphemous " .
The judge also directed Pakistan 's foreign ministry to raise the issue at international level .
In the past , Pakistan has often blocked access to pornographic sites and sites with anti-Islamic content .
It has deemed such material as offensive to the political and security establishment of the country , says the BBC's M Ilyas Khan in Islamabad .
In 2007 , the government banned the YouTube site , allegedly to block material offensive to the government of Pervez Musharraf .
The action led to widespread disruption of access to the site for several hours .
The ban was later lifted .
Read a selection of comments from Pakistan : I do n't think that the court has made the right decision .
Now searching on Facebook , I do n't see any such group !
I am not sure if the court was given the true story with proper proof , or if so , it should be made public too !
Having said that , Facebook admins should make sure that such anti-Muslim zealots who plan to provoke such agitation should be banned and such utterly bizarre stuff should n't even taken place in the name of any competition !
It 's ridiculous .
Azeem , Lahore I am a regular user of Facebook .
The court has made the right decision .
If this thing continues , the authorities should ban Facebook permanently .
This is the first time after 9/11 that any institution in Pakistan has given a kind hearing to the voice of the public .
Further , if these actions persist , the government should end friendly and diplomatic ties with any country that supports blasphemous acts like this .
Asad Fareed , Rawalpindi No .
It is a wrong decision .
Ban does not do anything .
Are you going to ban eveything on the internet that inflames someone 's sensibilities ?
Stupid !
If someone is inflamed and feels hurt , then do not go to that website .
Aurangzeb Haneef , Karachi
Yes , I do use Facebook regulary .
The court has certainly made the right decision and we strongly support it .
People should respect each other 's beliefs and exhibit tolerance .
We , as muslims , hold nothing dearer than our Holy Prophet and such a disrespectful , blasphemous act would not be ignored or tolerated !
Rabia Liaqut , Lahore
I feel that the court should not have blocked facebook and instead let Pakistani muslims use the website as a forum to protest what they felt was wrong and blasphemous .
However , I do believe that Facebook should monitor content published on the website and control the formation of potentially volatile groups that could be offensive to certain religions .
It is a commonly known fact that muslims feel strongly about pictorial depictions of prophet Mohammad and Allah ( God ) and , therefore , people should be respectful of that instead of trying to irk muslims and create controversies just to prove that ' muslims ' in general are a fundamentalist and unreasonable people who do not believe in freedom of speech .
Ansareen , Karachi
It 's great action .
Many Pakistanies have already left the site .
We are happy because we love our Prophet Muhammad more than Facebook .
Aqeel Shuja , Sialkot
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Rev. Franklin Graham prayed outside the Pentagon Thursday -- not inside leading an official National Day of Prayer service .
Instead , he and a half - dozen others stood on the sidewalk and bowed their heads in prayer for about five minutes , according to Associated Press .
Normally , it 's not news when an evangelist prays or a father of a soldier prays for the troops and their leaders ( Graham 's son is on his fourth tour in Afghanistan ) .
But Billy Graham 's son and heir Franklin is almost always news because of his propensity for taking public jabs at other religions , remarks he does n't consider offensive .
He believes only Christians are saved , no other faith leads to God so he 's merely speaking hard truths , not mocking or maligning others when he calls Islam evil or jokes about Hinduism .
And he 's news today because Graham is the honorary chairman of the private Task Force that leads national events where all the prayers are strictly Christian .
Two weeks ago , his invitation to lead the Pentagon service was withdrawn .
Objections to the divisive evangelist came from the Military Religious Freedom Foundation , headed by Mickey Weinstein ( and derided by Graham in an interview with me Tuesday as " an organization of one man who rants and raves " ) and Muslims in the military ( who Graham called a handful of people who are being allowed to " trample on Christian rights " ) .
So , undaunted , Graham said his prayers and chatted up the media .
According to Andrea Stone at AOL News , the service inside the Pentagon was led by the head of the Armed Forces Chaplain Board ( a Protestant ) along with Catholic , Jewish and Muslim chaplains who were " hastily added to the program " after the Task Force was dropped .
Graham appeared to appreciate the role that non-Christian chaplains can play .
According to Stone ,
Graham was asked by Pentagon reporters how he would feel if his son Edward , an Army captain now serving in Afghanistan , was wounded in combat and only a Muslim chaplain were nearby to pray with him .
" Look , we 're human beings , " Graham said .
" I would be thankful that someone cared enough to reach out to my son , regardless of what the person 's faith was . "
Are you joining in any National Day of Prayer events ?
Is this an event that you , like most in a USA TODAY survey , support ?
Democracy Now ! -- May 18 , 2010 --
In Thailand , the government has rejected an offer by anti-government protesters to enter talks after a bloody week in Bangkok that has left at least thirty - eight protesters dead .
Some fear the standoff could lead to an undeclared civil war .
The protesters are mostly rural and urban poor who are part of a group called the UDD , the United Front for Democracy Against Dictatorship , more commonly known as the Red Shirts .
We host a debate between Giles Ji Ungpakorn , a Thai dissident living in exile in Britain who supports the Red Shirt movement ; and Philip Cunningham , a freelance journalist who has covered Asia for over twenty years .
Guests :
Giles Ji Ungpakorn , Thai dissident living in exile in Britain .
He was a university lecturer in Thailand before having to flee after writing a book criticising the 2006 military coup .
He is a Red Shirt supporter .
Philip Cunningham , freelance journalist who has covered Asia for over twenty years .
He has taught at Chulalongkorn University and Doshisha University in Thailand .
His writings frequently appear in the Bangkok Post .
* * *
AMY GOODMAN : In Thailand , the government has rejected an offer by anti-government protesters to enter talks after a bloody week in Bangkok that ’s left at least thirty - eight protesters dead .
Some fear the standoff could lead to an undeclared civil war .
The protesters are mostly rural and urban poor who are part of a group called the UDD , the United Front for Democracy Against Dictatorship .
More commonly they ’re known as the Red Shirts .
They have been occupying parts of downtown Bangkok for two months .
The protesters are attempting to force the Prime Minister to step down and call new elections .
Many of the Red Shirts are supporters of the former prime minister , Thaksin Shinawatra , the billionaire tycoon who was overthrown in a coup nearly four years ago .
The tension in Bangkok intensified five days ago when Thai troops began using force to remove the Red Shirts from their barricaded encampments .
Live ammunition was fired at unarmed protesters and journalists .
In addition to the thirty - eight protesters killed , hundreds have been wounded .
The Thai government has defended the use of force , saying armed groups and terrorists tied to the Red Shirts have been attacking supporters of the government and Thai troops .
Earlier today , protest leader Nattawut Saikeau announced the Red Shirts are willing to enter into talks overseen by members of the Thai Senate .
NATTAWUT SAIKEAU : [ translated ]
The United Nations has not responded to our demand so far , but the request to stop the shooting is an urgent issue which cannot wait , not even a single minute .
Therefore , the UDD will accept the senator ’s proposal .
AMY GOODMAN : But the Thai government rejected the offer , saying talks would only begin when the protesters abandoned their barricaded camp in Bangkok .
On Sunday , the Thai government also rejected a call by the Red Shirts for a ceasefire and UN - moderated talks .
PANITAN WATTANAYAGORN : [ translated ]
We reject their demands for UN mediation or for them to do to any activities in Thailand .
No Thailand government has ever let anyone intervene with our internal affairs .
We can solve our problems ourselves , but we are willing to listen .
AMY GOODMAN : To talk more about Thailand , we ’re joined by two guests who have been closely monitoring the situation in Thailand .
Giles Ji Ungpakorn is a Thai dissident living in exile in Britain .
He was a university lecturer in Thailand before having to flee after writing a book criticizing the 2006 military coup .
He ’s a Red Shirt supporter .
We ’re also joined by Philip Cunningham , a freelance journalist who ’s covered Asia for over twenty years .
He has taught at several universities in Thailand .
His writings frequently appear in the Bangkok Post .
We welcome you both to Democracy Now !
Philip Cunningham is joining us from Japan .
Giles Ji Ungpakorn , can you describe what is happening right now in Bangkok and what the Red Shirts want ?
GILES JI UNGPAKORN :
By the way , my name is Ji .
Well , what the Red Shirts want is democracy , because the present government was installed by the military , and it ’s actually the fruit of a military coup in 2006 and various judicial coups .
So , demanding fresh elections , demanding proper democratic elections is perfectly legitimate .
And even though they have been occupying the center of Bangkok for two months , it ’s only a shopping center and a site for luxury hotels , yet the government has deployed snipers and assassination squads .
And since the beginning of April , they ’ve actually been responsible for sixty - seven deaths and thousands of injuries .
And really , the time has come for the government to order an immediate ceasefire and for them to enter into genuine talks with the Red Shirts .
AMY GOODMAN : And what about the latest developments , Ji , the offer of the Red Shirts to participate and the government saying no ?
GILES JI UNGPAKORN : Well , the Red Shirts have made repeated offers to negotiate with the government , and the government really wants to shoot its way to a victory and to stay in power through the use of force .
You also have to realize that this government has brought about the worst censorship ever in Thailand .
It censors all the internet , the media , in all shape and form .
They even attack Facebook and everything else .
So the two things that they ’re using to stay in power are censorship and brutal force .
And they ’re not prepared to actually offer the chance of the people to actually make a decision about who should run the country and in what way .
AMY GOODMAN : Philip Cunningham , I had said you ’re in Japan ; you ’re now in Ithaca , New York .
But can you give your observations on what ’s happening in Thailand right now ?
PHILIP CUNNINGHAM : Yes .
You know , as a poet Gil Scott - Heron said , he famously said that " the revolution will not be televised . "
And it ’s being televised , but it ’s not a revolution .
What we see in Thailand , I think , is a sham revolution , and I think it ’s something stirred up primarily by the billionaire tycoon in exile , who you mentioned .
There are real grievances .
There are real poor people .
There are fault lines , and in sensitive areas in Thailand , which are very easy to provoke .
It would sort of be like Rockefeller funding riots in the ghettos , if he had somehow been arrested and sent into exile or something like that .
I mean , it ’s a really strange situation .
It ’s a hugely tragic situation .
The people are dying .
They ’re dying for a billionaire tycoon in exile .
It does n’t make sense .
Does Thailand need democracy , the kind of socialism that Ji has been working for ?
Yes , I think that would be fine .
But it has to be peaceful , and the Red Shirts are not peaceful .
AMY GOODMAN : Ji ?
GILES JI UNGPAKORN : Well , it ’s nonsense to say that the Red Shirts are n’t peaceful .
They ’ve actually been very , very disciplined and try to maintain a peaceful demonstration in the face of the government , which actually brings armed soldiers and tanks onto the streets .
Any government that tries to disperse a peaceful demonstration using armed tanks , guns , and so on , and kills sixty - five people , I think needs to be condemned .
But I ’m afraid Philip is misinformed about the Red Shirts .
I mean , Thaksin Shinawatra — and I ’m no supporter of him ; I never voted for him and have always criticized his abuse of human rights —
Thaksin Shinawatra was incapable of organizing the Red Shirts .
The Red Shirts were organized by former leaders of Thai Rak Thai , and they developed into a grassroots movement .
They collect money in their own communities .
They run community radio stations .
They have different groups .
If you go to any Red Shirt protest , you can see the signs up of the different groups , and you can hear people making donations on the stage and so on .
And they ’re not dying for Thaksin Shinawatra .
They ’re not stupid peasants , ignorant peasants who do n’t know what they ’re doing .
They ’re actually very well - informed small farmers and urban workers who are incensed by the fact that their democratic rights have been robbed and that this is part of the system that allows such inequality of wealth in Thailand .
AMY GOODMAN : Since —
PHILIP CUNNINGHAM : Can I say something to that , Amy ?
AMY GOODMAN : Yes , Philip Cunningham .
PHILIP CUNNINGHAM : I think one thing Ji and I absolutely agree on is that it ’s never right to use an army to suppress the people .
I think it ’s an extremely blunt instrument .
It ’s crazy .
It ’s bloody .
It ’s violent .
And that ’s wrong .
And I completely agree with Ji that the army should not be involved in this .
However , Ji and I used to live on the same street in Bangkok .
We taught at the same university .
But we really disagree on our analysis of the Red Shirts .
I believe the Red Shirts are a fascist movement .
I believe the poverty is real .
The need , the hunger , for a systemic change , a kind of change in Thailand , is there .
It ’s in the air .
But there is nothing about the Red Shirts — I listen to them every day .
I monitor their broadcasts .
I ’m doing a media study of that .
And they insult foreigners .
They insult gays .
They engage in ridiculous ad hominem attacks .
They are playing to the crowd .
It ’s kind of like a cross between — with Thaksin .
And they sing songs in dedication to Thaksin .
I mean , it ’s sort of like , you know , Mussolini or something like that .
Some people compare Thaksin to Berlusconi .
I think it ’s a little more like Mussolini .
It is fascism , and it is a shame , because these people are hijacking the poor people , hijacking the genuine grievances of the poor , to serve a billionaire in exile so he can get back to Thailand and get his money back .
AMY GOODMAN : Ji Ungpakorn ?
GILES JI UNGPAKORN : Well , I do n’t think that Philip Cunningham really understands the definition of " fascism . "
It ’s easy to bandy it about .
Fascists do n’t demand democracy .
Fascists do n’t have differences of opinion .
Yes , there are elements of the Red Shirts who are rough and ready , and some of them are anti-gay , and some of them talk in terms of being anti-foreign , but the majority do n’t do that .
The majority actually try to give differences of opinion .
And this is not an armed group .
The fascists are the middle - class peoples who are n’t for democracy , the Yellow Shirts .
They are the people who want an end to democratic rights for the poor and so on .
And I think that ’s just a really outrageous slander on the Red Shirts .
PHILIP CUNNINGHAM : Well , Ji , you ’re so naive .
I just ca n’t believe it .
AMY GOODMAN : Why are you saying that ?
PHILIP CUNNINGHAM : Well , I think Ji knows very well that the — you know , if he listens to the speeches — I mean , Ji could listen to the speeches as well as I do .
It ’s nonsense .
There is good rhetoric .
There ’s good drama .
This is money from a TV station from Thaksin ’s media people .
They ’ve put together a media show .
They ’ve put together a sham demonstration , a sham revolution .
It ’s not the real thing .
I was in a Tiananmen in ' 89 .
I know what these things look like .
I know what a spontaneous uprising looks like .
This is not a spontaneous uprising .
What has happened — and I will acknowledge this — is that you 've kind of had a chain reaction .
You have some real spontaneous uprising now .
Thailand is in a very brittle state .
It ’s very delicate .
It ’s at the kind of end of an era .
And anything could happen , and this could be extremely dangerous .
I just do n’t want to see Thailand go down a fascist road .
And the Red Shirts have proven to be armed .
They ’re shooting at soldiers with slingshots , Molotov cocktails .
There are people with guns , pistols .
It is not a peaceful movement .
The students in Tiananmen Square never did that .
There was no violence .
There ’s no comparison to this .
This is a bankrupt tycoon - backed Red Shirt movement .
I just ca n’t accept — I just ca n’t understand why Ji supports it .
AMY GOODMAN : Ji ?
GILES JI UNGPAKORN : Well , you ca n’t understand , I know , because you ’re not prepared to accept what ’s going on .
I follow the reports on the internet .
I ’m watching the TV there .
I ’ve been on Red Shirt demonstrations in Bangkok .
I have friends who are in the Red Shirt movement .
And the fact is that Philip ’s analysis , you know , that it ’s all being run by Thaksin and the movement is being hijacked , is an insult to the millions of Thais who are genuine Red Shirts .
It ’s the same old story from the academics , who believe that ordinary Thai people ca n’t think for themselves , ca n’t organize themselves —
PHILIP CUNNINGHAM : Ji , that ’s just — that ’s — I can not accept that .
That is a very unfair sleight .
GILES JI UNGPAKORN : It ’s just that —
PHILIP CUNNINGHAM : Just because someone disagrees with you does n’t mean they do n’t understand [ inaudible ] —
GILES JI UNGPAKORN : How about letting me finish , Philip ?
How about letting me finish ?
PHILIP CUNNINGHAM : Go ahead .
GILES JI UNGPAKORN :
It ’s the same kind of attitude that the middle class in Thailand have towards the Red Shirts , and it ’s their justification for why they do n’t believe in democracy and why they supported a coup d’état , because they said , you know , the Red Shirts have all been bought by Thaksin and they ’re being manipulated by him into voting for him —
PHILIP CUNNINGHAM : Would you acknowledge that some of them have been bought , and a lot of them are not , but would you acknowledge that some of them have been bought ?
GILES JI UNGPAKORN : How about letting me finish , Philip ?
How about letting me finish ?
AMY GOODMAN : That question , Ji — that question , Ji , of whether some of them have been bought , bought off ?
GILES JI UNGPAKORN : No , they have n’t , actually .
You do n’t need to buy people off , because the government , Thaksin ’s government , horrendous though it was in terms of human rights abuses , actually brought in a universal healthcare system .
It ’s actually better than the healthcare system in the United States , in terms of what the poor get .
They had pro-poor policies to create jobs .
They do n’t need to hand people money if the government actually offers and then delivers on that .
People actually vote for what they want .
And it ’s actually very , very insulting to the Thai population to claim that they ’ve been hoodwinked and bought by Thaksin .
Now , the issue is , really , is how come a tycoon like Thaksin can win the hearts and minds of the poor ?
And the answer is that this shows that there was a vacuum on the left in Thailand , you know , ever since the Communist Party collapsed , and Thaksin was able to work —
PHILIP CUNNINGHAM : Ji , this is the weakness of your analysis .
I know you ’ve been on the left for a long time .
We went to the —
GILES JI UNGPAKORN : Sorry , if you could just let me finish —
PHILIP CUNNINGHAM : — you know , the stonecutter that was making the monument for October —
AMY GOODMAN : Let Philip Cunningham make a statement .
Go ahead , Philip Cunningham .
GILES JI UNGPAKORN : OK .
PHILIP CUNNINGHAM : And , you know , this idea that — I just feel like you ’re so hungry for the left to do something that you ’re seeing a false dawn , and you ’re mistaking it for the real thing .
This is a false dawn ; this is not the real thing .
GILES JI UNGPAKORN : Sorry , but you ’re not listening .
You ’re speaking over me .
You ’re not listening to what I say .
You ’ve got some dream in your head about what I believe in , and you ’re starting to argue with a straw man .
I ’m saying that Thaksin can — was able to exploit the divisions within
Thai society between the rich and the poor because the left did n’t exist .
And that ’s how come a tycoon like Thaksin can win the hearts and minds of the poor .
AMY GOODMAN : I wanted to end with some —
PHILIP CUNNINGHAM : That ’s a sad statement , is n’t it ?
AMY GOODMAN : I wanted to end with some videotape .
The Thai military has been firing live ammunition at the anti-government protesters .
Over the weekend , CNN aired footage of Thai soldiers shooting a Canadian journalist , Nelson Rand , who was working for France 24 news channel .
REPORTER : Nearby , a Canadian reporter is also hurt and about to be shot again .
WITNESS : One journalist got shot !
REPORTER : Nelson Rand lies bleeding , screaming for help , next to Bangkok ’s Lumpini Park .
NELSON RAND : Help me !
REPORTER : He ’s been shot in the leg and struggles to take cover .
Finally , he ’s dragged to safety , but the bullets keep coming .
He ’s now in hospital .
AMY GOODMAN : That is a live report from the streets of Bangkok , as this reporter , Nelson Rand , a Canadian journalist with France 24 , was being repeatedly shot by the soldiers .
We just have thirty seconds .
I ’ll give each of you fifteen .
We ’ll begin with Ji Ungpakorn .
GILES JI UNGPAKORN : Well , I think the way to end the present crisis is that the government should order an immediate ceasefire and that there should be proper , genuine democratic elections .
AMY GOODMAN : Philip Cunningham ?
PHILIP CUNNINGHAM : OK , I think the army should leave also .
I think it ’s absolutely horrendous what the army is doing .
I ’m totally against that .
But I cannot say that the Red Shirts are democratic or in the right .
They are also a problem .
And I think it ’s a police problem .
They have to be arrested and taken care of .
AMY GOODMAN : Philip Cunningham , freelance journalist , he ’s in Ithaca , New York .
Ji Ungpakorn ,
Thai dissident , living in exile in Britain .
Image caption Details of the synthetic cell advance were announced last week
A top UK scientist who helped sequence the human genome has said efforts to patent the first synthetic life form would give its creator a monopoly on a range of genetic engineering .
Professor John Sulston said it would inhibit important research .
US - based Dr Craig Venter led the artificial life form research , details of which were published last week .
Prof Sulston and Dr Venter clashed over intellectual property when they raced to sequence the genome in 2000 .
Craig Venter led a private sector effort which was to have seen charges for access to the information .
John Sulston was part of a government and charity - backed effort to make the genome freely available to all scientists .
" The confrontation 10 years ago was about data release , " Professor Sulston said .
" We said that this was the human genome and it should be in the public domain .
And I 'm extremely glad we managed to pull this out of the bag . "
' Range of techniques '
Now the old rivals are at odds again over Dr Venter 's efforts to apply for patents on the artificially created organism , nicknamed Synthia .
The team outlined the remarkable advance last week in the prestigious journal Science .
But Professor Sulston , who is based at the University of Manchester , said patenting would be " extremely damaging " .
" I 've read through some of these patents and the claims are very , very broad indeed , " Professor Sulston told BBC News .
" I hope very much these patents wo n't be accepted because they would bring genetic engineering under the control of the J Craig Venter Institute ( JCVI ) .
They would have a monopoly on a whole range of techniques . "
A spokesman for Dr Venter , of the J Craig Venter Institute ( JCVI ) in Maryland and California , said : " There are a number of companies working in the synthetic genomic / biology space and also many academic labs .
" Most if not all of these have likely filed some degree of patent protection on a variety of aspects of their work so it would seem unlikely that any one group , academic centre or company would be able to hold a ' monopoly ' on anything .
" As the JCVI team and Dr Venter have said , open dialogue and discussion on all issues surrounding synthetic genomics / biology , including intellectual property , is very necessary for this field so these questions and discussions are all very important . "
Over-use ?
Professor Sulston made the comments at the Royal Society in London where he was discussing a report entitled Who owns Science ?
The report was produced by the Institute of Science , Ethics and Innovation at Manchester University , which the professor chairs .
The study details an increased use of patents by researchers .
" My objections to patenting human genes or genes from existing living organisms is that they are inventions or discoveries , " said Professor Sulston .
" The problem has become much worse since I raised the issue 10 years ago . "
He believes that the over -use of patents is inhibiting research that could otherwise greatly benefit society , such as better healthcare for the poor .
Professor Sulston commented : " [ It 's fashionable to think ] that it 's important to have strong intellectual property and that it 's essential for promoting innovation .
But there 's no evidence that it does promote innovation .
There 's an unwillingness to consider any problems . "
But he also believes that these arguments are now beginning to be accepted .
Last November , a US company , Myriad Genetics , lost parts of its patent rights on two breast cancer genes following a legal challenge by civil rights groups .
A fully synthesized genome transforms one species of bacterium into another .
A chemical marker ( blue ) shows the ability of a single bacterium with synthesized genome to spawn a viable colony .
Credit : Science / AAAS
Scientists have built a bacterial genome from scratch and used it to ' reboot ' a cell from a different species of bacterium .
Daniel Gibson and his colleagues at the J. Craig Venter Institute in Rockville , Maryland , synthesized the genome of the bacterium Mycoplasma mycoides , consisting of about 1.1 million base pairs .
Having assembled the genome inside a yeast cell , they transplanted it into a cell from a closely related species , Mycoplasma capricolum .
After the newly made cell had divided , the cells of the bacterial colony that it formed contained only proteins characteristic of M. mycoides .
The success clears the way for developing and testing new variants of existing organisms .
" With this approach we now have the ability to start with a DNA sequence and design organisms exactly like we want , " says Gibson .
" We can get down to the very nucleotide level and make any changes we want to a genome . "
Scientists have already developed many good ways of engineering genes , he adds , but this technique provides an unprecedented ability to make many changes to a genome at once , and to add segments of DNA that are n't found in nature but might be designed to perform useful functions .
Step by step
Creating a ' synthetic cell ' , as described in a report published online in Science today1 , meant putting together a series of previously developed steps .
First , the team established a method for transplanting natural DNA from M. mycoides into M. capricolum ( see ' Genome transplant makes species switch ' ) .
Then , working with Mycoplasma genitalium , a species whose genome is about half the length of that of M. mycoides , the group stitched together a synthetic donor genome and cloned it in a yeast cell ( see ' Genome stitched together by hand ' ) .
But the scientists could n't transplant the newly made DNA into a different bacterial species .
Bacteria recognize foreign invaders by the lack of chemical marks called methyl groups on their DNA ; synthetic DNA would share the same deficit .
To get around the problem , the group developed a way to add methyl groups to an engineered genome .
They also disabled the destructive enzyme in the recipient M. capricolum cell ( see ' Scientists devise new way to modify organisms ' ) .
The custom - built genome is a near - exact replica of its natural counterpart , with just a few nonessential genes removed and a small number of sequence errors that do n't affect the organism 's function .
The group also added four special ' watermark sequences ' to help to distinguish it from the original version .
The sequences contain a hidden code of names and sentences , along with a URL and an e-mail address for would - be decoders to contact .
" It 's a pretty significant achievement , " says Christopher Voigt , a synthetic biologist at the University of California , San Francisco .
" What 's neat here is that it 's really the first time in which the information from a genome is all that was required to rebuild the DNA and convert that into a living cell . "
New toolkit
So far , it 's not clear how being able to engineer a whole , functioning genome will be useful , researchers say .
James Collins , a biomedical engineer and a Howard Hughes Medical Institute investigator at Boston University in Massachusetts , says that , in principle , " it potentially makes it considerably easier to make large - scale changes to a genome , and to introduce large - scale pathways of interest into an organism " .
That might mean , for example , engineering large networks of genes into bacteria which will make biofuels or proteins for treating disease .
But researchers do n't yet understand enough about genetic networks to design them in this way .
" There needs to be a lot of work in understanding how to go about designing a genetic system at the scale of the genome , " Voigt says .
" We do n't really have a framework to think at that level . "
Also , says Collins , synthesizing DNA is expensive and , at least for now , most groups do n't have the resources to engineer whole genomes .
Gibson says that his team is now trying to make different types of synthetic cell , using different pairs of bacteria .
The group also plans to use the approach to continue work on its project to create a ' minimal ' cell that contains only the genes necessary for a cell 's most basic survival .
" We finally have an assay for determining the functionality of a genome , " says Gibson .
" So we want to start whittling away at this genome and try to determine the smallest number of genes needed to sustain life . "
References 1 Gibson , D.A. et al. , Science advance online publication doi:10.1126/science.1190719 ( 2010 ) Download references
Authors Alla Katsnelson
View author publications
You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar
Additional information See also ' Sizing up the ' synthetic cell ' '
Rights and permissions Reprints and Permissions
About this article Cite this article Katsnelson , A. Researchers start up cell with synthetic genome .
Nature ( 2010 ) .
https://doi.org/10.1038/news.2010.253
Download citation Published : 20 May 2010
DOI : https://doi.org/10.1038/news.2010.253
Adil Najam
The world is abuzz in anguish against Israel ’s military action against the ‘ Freedom Flotilla ’ of aid ships carrying relief goods for embargoed Gaza .
Condemnations are pouring in for this military action in international waters .
The irony in the tragedy is not lost on the world – in 1947 , the ship Exodus 1947 carrying Jewish immigrants wanting to get to Jerusalem had similarly been stopped by the British authorities and the dramatic struggle that resulted had been influential in changing world opinion towards the creation of the state of Israel .
The world politics implications of the incident aside , the immediate concern of many is about the safety of nationals from nearly 40 countries , including many journalists , who were in this relief goods flotilla .
These include three Pakistanis – senior journalist and well known TV anchor Talat Hussain of Aaj TV , his cameraman Raza Mahmood Agha , and a Pakistani NGO activist Nadeem Ahmed .
Pakistani authorities ( including the Prime Minister and the Foreign Minister ) have condemned the incident and are trying to find more information on the health and safety of these three Pakistanis but as yet no confirmed information is available .
Given that according to various reports as many as 20 people might already have been killed and up to 26 injured in the Israeli attack on the relief goods flotilla , this lack of information is exciting further anguish amongst Pakistanis .
[ UPDATE : we are now hearing that the three Pakistanis aboard the flotilla are all alive and well , but now captured in Israel ] .
Talat Hussain is one of the most respected TV anchors in Pakistan and known for his balanced , sober and in - depth analysis of national as well as international politics .
I first got to know him when he was still a student of international affairs at the Islamabad Quaid - i- Azam Univeristy and more so when he later managed the op - ed pages of The News ( when Maliha Lodhi was its founding editor ) .
Since then , I have interacted with him when he was at PTV Current Affairs and now at Aaj TV .
In my view he is the least populist and most balanced of our TV anchors .
A journalist of the highest integrity and one who has never strayed far from his intellectual and scholarly roots even as he has blossomed as a public communicator of excellence .
My prayers are with him and his family ; as they are with the two other Pakistanis and all others on the flotilla , and indeed with all in the world , everywhere .
Prayers of peace seem not to be answered to often in today ’s world , but let us pray for peace and safety for all nonetheless .
Merely wishing for peace and justice in the world will not make the world a saner place .
But to give up on even that wish will surely make the world even more insane than it already is .
THE last time Beijing turned the screws on property investment , the world woke up to find China 's heavy industry sector had been flattened and the resources boom had turned to bust .
Rio Tinto jumped into the arms of Chinalco , banks pulled the rug from under Oz Minerals and the Reserve Bank slashed interest rates by 4 percentage points in a little over five months .
No surprise , then , that global investors are fretting about the fresh round of tightening that began a month ago .
Chinese banks have lifted minimum mortgage deposits from 20 to 30 per cent for first home buyers and from 40 to 50 per cent for second home buyers .
Beijing and some other major cities went an extra step by suspending all third mortgages , banning mortgage lending to non-city residents and floating threats of a new property tax .
Chinese media were required to report '' the success of government policy tightening '' and otherwise guide '' healthy market expectations ' ' .
The result was that the average new apartment price in Shenzhen dropped 26 per cent in the first week of May compared with the last week of April , according to data from E - House , which is derived from government land transaction centres .
Shanghai prices fell 28 per cent .
Beijing prices fell by less , but only because they had started their price plunge earlier .
So is this the Jim Chanos moment where China 's '' treadmill to hell '' reaches its destination ?
Is China '' Dubai times 1000 ' ' , as the hedge fund manager claimed ?
Hardly .
Beijing , Shanghai and Shenzhen - where real estate excitement has been most frenetic - only account for 8 per cent of Chinese residential construction , according to UBS .
Household debt is rising fast but remains minuscule when compared with Australia .
Chinese incomes continue to outpace the rise in house prices .
Worst Story to Tell Your New Cellmate Ever !
Being British , my old pal Action Man regularly reads The Sun tabloid .
Mostly he just looks at the ladies on “ Page 3 , ” but occasionally he hits geek gold , as evidenced by this article about a comic thief in Australia .
Also , you ’ll be happy to know that the Queen of England has personally approved all the spelling in the article below .
Thanks ,
Mum !
By THE SUN STAFF REPORTER Published : 03 May 2010
SPIDERMAN foiled a would - be thief as Jedi Knights blocked his escape route .
No , it ’s not a comic book plot but the scene which unravelled in a Australian book store on Saturday .
Store owner Michael Baulderstone , dressed as Spiderman , spotted the man trying to steal an X - Men book worth $ 160 ( £ 97 ) .
The 45 - year - old called for back - up and the hapless thief was surrounded by superheroes within seconds .
Mr Baulderstone said : “ We had about 40 people dressed up as their favourite superheroes to celebrate International Free Comic Day , so he did n’t have much of a choice but to hand the comic back after a little bit of a scuffle .
“ Everyone in the store thought it was a play , that it was street theatre of some sort .
It was n’t until I said ‘ call the police ’ that people started to realise .
“ One of the funniest things about the incident was that I called for people to stand near the door and it just so happened we had people dressed as Jedi knights there blocking the exit , the Flash was there at some point too .
“ It was a bit serious at the time , but now we ’re looking back laughing at what greeted police . ”
This entry was posted on Tuesday , May 4th , 2010 at 8:31 am .
File under general .
Responses are currently closed , but you can trackback from your own site .
Top Down Fighters by Dustin !
Thanks so much
ReMapped By Guss ( CarneGussano )
Lab Z - ( beta 2.5 ) Playable to the end , Now with Medvacs
++ New Triggers ++ Marines ++ New Unit Balancing
The Lone recruit enters the remains of Zerg Labs to save his brother .
The final episode of Lost is complete .
After co-executive producer Carlton Cuse tweeted earlier in the evening that he had been “ living in the editing rooms for 6 days and nights straight ” working on the finale , both Cuse and fellow executive producer Damon Lindelof tweeted the same short message at about 10 p.m. tonight : “ We ’re done .
Amen . ”
You can begin dissecting those twelve letters for clues now .
[ Twitter ]
West End students may have a chance to go to school in their neighborhood
Description
When was the last time you saw a complete Alpha set ?
* This complete set contains 295 non -foil , black - bordered Magic : The Gathering cards .
Here is a once in a lifetime opportunity to own the rarest official set in Magic : The Gathering history .
Each Alpha rare was printed an estimated 3000 times , which means that at the very most , in 1993 , there were only 3000 of these made !
Most of the cards in this set are NM - to NM condition .
The most questionable card is an EX condition Underground Sea .
All other big money cards are in at least NM - condition .
Premiered at Origins ' 93 in July of that year , Magic : The Gathering ; was first released to the general public on August 5 , 1993 .
The Alpha set consisted of 295 cards .
After the Alpha print run of 2.6 million cards , some corrections were made and the remaining 7.3 million cards were released as the Beta set ( 302 cards ) .
Delayed Shipping :
This item will not ship for an additional 2 days regardless of shipping type selected .
We keep this product in a bank safe from which we have to retrieve it .
The relationship between art and the medium in which it is created is n’t often as perfectly matched as it is with these cassette tape art pieces .
Atlanta - based artist Erika Iris Simmons ( better known by her artist ’s pseudonym iri5 ) uses cassette tapes to create soulful portraits of musicians and bands .
The series , entitled “ Ghost in the Machine , ” is a physical representation of the ephemeral nature of thoughts and creativity .
Several generations of musical legends are represented in iri5 ’s work : Dylan to Kravitz , the Beatles to Nirvana .
But every artist is given an exceptional amount of care , and every portrait is richly detailed .
The unusual medium lends itself surprisingly well to recreating the famous faces , bending and curling and creating lovely textures in all the right places .
The title “ Ghost in the Machine ” comes from Gilbert Ryle , the British philosopher who coined the phrase .
Ryle believed that all of nature is a machine ; humankind is another , smaller machine containing a “ ghost . ”
That ghost , according to Ryle , is what gives us our creativity .
The artist clearly shares the philosopher ’s ideas about human thoughts and emotions being contained within our individual “ machines . ”
De-constructed cassette tapes are the perfect medium for expressing this idea : their hard plastic shell hides the light , floaty , difficult - to - control tape that can easily double for the impossible - to - define human spirit .
The artist imagines that we are all thoughts wrapped up in awkward packaging , much like the fragile tape inside cassettes .
Her entire portfolio is full of art created in unusual materials : trash , donated materials and found objects populate her impressive body of work .
At The Carlson Law Firm , we ’ve been protecting the rights of personal injury victims and their families since 1976 .
We employ more than 40 lawyers in over a dozen locations across the state of Texas and are able to represent clients throughout the United States .
Our highly - skilled trial attorneys are experienced advocates who share our firm ’s commitment to client service .
Our attorneys are accessible for clients around the clock and work tirelessly to discover new and innovative legal options to ensure our clients receive the maximum compensation available .
The fire at an offshore drilling rig doing work for BP PLC comes as the company already faces intense scrutiny in the U.S. , five years after an explosion and fire at its Texas City , Texas , refinery killed 15 people and injured scores more .
The cause of the rig fire off Louisiana is n't known , and industry experts say disputes are possible over responsibility .
Last ...
With the bitter taste of Saturday ’s loss out of their mouths , the Yankees came back to work on Monday night , ready to feast on bottom - feeding Baltimore .
The Orioles were coming off a three game sweep of the Red Sox , but New York had their ace on the bump .
Almost everything went according to plan .
It was a fairly clean win for a Yankee team that is rolling , but injuries to two important players put a damper on it .
Biggest Hit : Welcome to New York , Randy Winn
Over the first four weeks of the season , fifth outfielder Randy Winn looked nothing but overmatched .
He was 1 - for - 13 at the plate with a - 57 OPS + ( yes , - 57 ) , and other than the occasional late - inning defensive assignment , he was mostly the forgotten man on the roster .
Needless to say , you can imagine the surprise when Winn came up with the biggest hit of the night .
It was n’t some dinky single to the opposite field either ; he turned around a 91 mph Jeremy Guthrie fastball up in the zone and sent it about 410 feet to right - center , beyond the fence and into the Yankee bullpen .
Nick Swisher and Brett Gardner had been on base thanks to a pair of singles .
So Winn ’s bomb turned a tightly - contested ( and tied ) game into a much more comfortable three - run Yankee lead .
It was Winn ’s first homer in 491 at - bats , dating back to last April when he took Max Scherzer yard .
He might never do anything more productive in pinstripes , but for one night , Randy Winn was the hero .
Biggest Out : Nolan Reimold makes two outs on one swing
Much like his start last week , CC Sabathia was n’t his usual dominant self on Monday , but he was more than effective into the late innings .
With that three - run lead still intact , Garrett Atkins led off the top of the 7th with a single to center .
With CC ’s pitch count approaching 90 , the bullpen started to stir .
Instead , Reimold did the Yankees a favor , hacking at Sabathia ’s first pitch , a 92 - mph heater on the outer half that probably would have been called a ball .
The grounder bounced down to Derek Jeter at short , who took it to the bag himself to start the 6 - 3 double play .
Instead of having the tying run on deck with one out , all of a sudden Baltimore had that potential fourth run in the hole with two outs .
It was n’t a big play to end a rally ; it was a big play to prevent the rally from even starting .
All CC , All The Time
The Yankee ace was good but not great last time out , when he faced these same Orioles at Camden Yards .
Sabathia improved upon that performance on Monday , firing eight innings with just one blemish – a solo homer to Matt Wieters and his facts .
Using a variety of two - seamers and changeups , CC pounded the bottom of the zone and induced 16 groundballs to just six in the air .
The strike zone was a tad inconsistent , but that ’s something everyone will have to deal with at some point during the season .
It was a relatively uneventful outing for Sabathia , which for him means eight innings of one run ball while battling his control at times .
The guy is a machine .
Posada Exits Early
The Yankees have experienced a mini-rash of injuries over the last few days , losing Curtis Granderson to a Grade II calf strain and Alex Rodriguez to some knee pain .
Another important Yank went down on Monday night , as Jorge Posada had to exit the game in the 5th inning with tightness in his right calf .
He went off to get an MRI , and is day - to - day with a calf strain .
Enduring the loss of Granderson will be hard enough , but if the Yankees lose Posada for any length of time … well , just look at what happened in 2008 .
Mowhere To Be Found
The last three or four games have been especially taxing on the Yanks ’ bullpen , but two guys who had n’t worked all that much were Joba Chamberlain and Mariano Rivera .
Neither had pitched since Friday , so they were well rested and ready to record the last six outs should the Yankees have the lead .
With Sabathia going eight strong , only one of the Yanks ’ end - game arms was going to be needed .
With a three run lead in the 9th , everyone expects to hear Enter Sandman .
Instead ,
Mo was nowhere to be found , and it was Joba who trotted out to the mound for the save opportunity .
He pitched a scoreless and uneventful frame , but no one seemed to care .
Everyone wanted to know what was going on with the greatest relief pitcher who ever lived .
After the game , Joe Girardi revealed that Rivera had been dealing with a sore non-throwing side , which was further described as a twinge in his flank .
He said it was something Mo first experienced after his appearance on Friday , and at the moment we do n’t really know when he ’ll be available again .
Could be tomorrow , but Girardi said he ’d like to give him another day .
It ’s just one injury after another lately .
Happy Moments
How about this Nick Swisher character ?
The dude went 3 - for - 3 in this game , and is now eight for his last 12 with a couple of doubles and a couple of homers .
The Yanks have only played ten games at home , but it appears Swish ’s massive home - road split from 2009 has stayed in 2009 .
Brett Gardner reached base two more times , bumping his on - base percentage up to .424 , the best on the team .
In fact , the bottom three hitters in the order combined to go 5 - for - 8 with a walk , three runs scored , and all four runs driven in .
Gotta love that circular lineup .
Annoying Moments
I sure hope Joe West was watching this game .
Home plate ump Bill Hohn was certainly in no rush to signal balls and strikes back there .
Furthermore , CC Sabathia had some trouble with Hohn ’s strike zone , verbally sparring with him in the 7th inning .
Not often you see the big guy do that .
I mentioned that the bottom of the lineup did some major damage already , but the one through six hitters combined to go just 1 - for - 23 with a walk and three strikeouts .
On most nights , the Yankees lose when that happens .
WPA Graph
Individual player breakdowns are available at FanGraphs ’ box score .
Up Next
Same two teams tomorrow night ; rematch of last week ’s A.J. Burnett vs. Brian Matusz duel .
A webcomic about a girl and her dog
Part one of a series .
The 20th season of Survivor , Heroes vs. Villains ( or , if you prefer , Revenge vs. Redemption ) is now in the books , and Sandra Diaz - Twine is the game ’s first two - time champion .
Many fans regarded HvV as one of the best seasons ever , if not the very best .
I do n’t believe I ’ve ever written about Survivor before , but in the entire decade - long run I think I ’ve missed a total of two episodes .
Maybe that makes me a fan , but in truth I ’m as much a student of the game as I am a fan of it .
In essence , I think it ’s probably the single greatest game show ever devised , and one of the greatest games , period , show or otherwise .
The reason is that despite the general inanity of reality television ; despite the fact that what you see each week is as much deliberate narrative weaving by the producers as it is a journalistic reporting of what actually happened ( after all , they ’re trimming three days of footage down to 40 minutes , and good storytelling makes for good ratings ) ; despite the fact that contestants are selected for maximum dramatic appeal ( which means the producers are actively looking for idiots , assholes and people who are short on self - awareness ) ; despite all this , Survivor presents us with a complexity that simply does not exist in any other competition , athletic or otherwise , anywhere in the world .
The only thing that matches it is the game of life itself .
You think I ’m hyperbolizing , do n’t you ?
I ’m not , and let me explain why .
In every other game , competitors have strengths and weaknesses .
In football , for instance , strong is good .
Weak is bad .
Fast is good and slow is bad .
And so on .
In baseball , hand - eye coordination is king .
In soccer , you better have quick feet .
And in all games worth watching , intelligence is always a plus .
You ’ll get the occasional argument over whether a player is overthinking it ( this happens when baseball players slump sometimes ) but this does n’t mean that you ’d be better off with an idiot in the box .
You do n’t have to be smart to succeed , but the team had better have some IQ points , even if that intelligence does n’t extend much past the sport proper .
And so on .
Qualities like slow , dumb , weak and fat are pretty much never pluses .
In Survivor , it ’s not that simple .
Sure , the same kinds of qualities exist , and yes , fast and strong and smart and high endurance are strengths .
So , also , are charisma and intuition and manipulation , because not only is Survivor a physical game , it ’s a strategic game and a social game .
The problem is this : Survivor is unique because every single strength is also a weakness , or can be .
If you ’re very strong and fast and smart , this will help you win challenges , and wins keep you in the game .
However , this also makes you a threat to the other players , and if they ca n’t beat you at the challenges , they ’ll probably try and vote you out as soon as you lose one ( and nobody wins them all ) .
Kinda like life , huh ?
If you ’re pretty or talented or smarter than everybody else , the less attractive , the untalented and the less intelligent are always hating on you .
The result ?
You just have no idea who ’s going to win or why .
We ’ve had dominant physical players win it .
We ’ve had players with no physical game whatsoever ( Sandra has never won a challenge – mental , physical , endurance or otherwise ) in either of her two games .
We ’ve had people win due to sterling personalities and strong physical games and we ’ve had absolute asshats win it ( Sandra is cunning , but Miss Congeniality she ai n’t she was one of the Villains for a reason ) .
We ’ve seen players win through powerful strategic games , and we ’ve also seen powerful strategic players beaten in the end by dishrags who did nothing but ride coattails for 39 days .
We ’ve seen games changed completely by blind freaking luck and butt - stupidity can play as big a role in the eventual outcome as sheer genius ( we saw that this season , too – twice ) .
Hell , we ’ve even seen people succeed by throwing challenges .
Last night , arch - villain Russell Hantz ( who ’s lost in the finals twice in a row ) said that if Sandra can win the game twice , it ’s flawed .
By definition .
And he may be right .
( Of course , he ’s also everything that is wrong with America compacted into one fat , stupid , hateful , sawed - off , ugly - assed little troll of a walking cliché , and the fact that Survivor viewers have voted him their favorite player two years in a row makes you glad that Stalin is n’t around to run for president . )
I ’m sure a lot of people are infuriated by the fact that there is no quality , no trait , no skill , no strategic plan that correlates with victory in Survivor .
If you ’re a young sprinter , you know what it takes to be a world champion .
Or a basketball player or a golfer or hockey player .
You may not reach the mountaintop in the end , but you know , for a fact , that things like lifting and interval training work better than chain - smoking , cheeseburgers and Oprah marathons .
Survivor ?
Well , it ’s probably inaccurate to say that it ’s a coin toss .
It ’s just that there are more variables , more potentially successful strategies , more routes to victory and worlds more nuance than you find with any other game we ’ve ever seen .
All of which is to say that I understand the success of the game , but I also understand how it might drive some folks crazy .
If you ’re like me , though , the often - incomprehensible multi-dimensional chess match of life is fascinating .
Maddening , excruciating to watch , even more excruciating to be a part of , surprising , occasionally wondrous , constantly appalling , but still fascinating .
Good fascinating at times , and fascinating like a train wreck that you ca n’t look away from at others .
But fascinating nonetheless .
This is why I ’ve been saying for years that Survivor is the greatest game ever played .
It ’s the game that ’s the most like life .
Tomorrow : Who ’s the greatest Survivor ever ?
HAHAHA boutique
Check out the all - new HAHAHA Boutique for official Festival merch and other one - of - a- kind products !
SHOP NOW
Yesterday Congress held hearings on a bill to prevent people on the terrorism watch list from purchasing guns .
This is actually a highly controversial bill .
Dana Milbank and Gail Collins were on hand to make Lindsey Graham look ridiculous .
Milbank :
" If society decides that these people are too dangerous to get on an airplane with other people , then it 's probably appropriate to look very hard before you let them buy a gun , " countered Bloomberg .
" But we 're talking about a constitutional right here , " Graham went on .
He then changed the subject , pretending the discussion was about a general ban on handguns .
" The NRA -- " he began , then rephrased .
" Some people believe banning handguns is the right answer to the gun violence problem .
I 'm not in that camp . "
The thinking is n't very far from the surface here , is it ?
Graham tries to think of a reason to oppose the bill , begins by blurting out his actual reason -- " NRA " -- then changes the subject to more comfortable ground .
Collins adds :
The terrorist watch list is huge , and some of the names on it are undoubtedly there in error .
The bill would allow anyone denied the right to purchase a firearm an appeal process , but that would deprive the would - be purchaser some precious gun-owning time .
Before we subject innocent Americans “ to having to go into court and pay the cost of going to court to get their gun rights back , I want to slow down and think about this , ” said Graham .
There 's a pretty hilarious double standard here about the rights of gun owners .
Remember , Graham is one of the people who wants the government to be able to take anybody it believes has committed an act of terrorism , citizen or otherwise , and whisk them away to a military detention facility where they 'll have no rights whatsoever .
No potential worries for government overreach or bureaucratic error there .
But if you 're on the terrorist watch list , your right to own a gun remains inviolate , lest some innocent gun owner be trapped in a hellish star chamber world in which his fun purchase is slowed by legal delays .
If we have to endure terrorists mowing down civilians in the streets , then that 's the price we must bear to guard against the potential for any accidental inconvenience inflicted upon a gun owner .
A lot of right - wingers see an armed citizenry as the ultimate protection against government tyranny , but many of them see to be embracing a vision in which it 's the only protection .
Some students of the Google Summer of Code are required to make a weekly report describing their activities .
As far as I know , I ’m not , but I think it ’s a good idea in general , to comunicate to my mentor and other interested folks what I ’ve been doing .
So I ’ll start to do them here .
My project is Implementing the Immix Garbage Collector Algorithm on GHC .
Last week I was most of the time involved in my school activities , so I did n’t have much time to work on the project .
I went to the bureaucratic services of my university to get a Proof of Enrollment in English , print / sign / scanned the Foreign Certification Form and sent them to Google on Friday afternoon .
I asked them to confirm the receival , which they did n’t .
I ’m planning to ask again for a confirmal today in the afternoon , if I still get no reply .
I also tried to build the current version of GHC , from the darcs repository .
I was getting an error with my old ( and updated ) repository , so I donwnloaded a new one and could build nicely .
Then I noticed that with make distclean I could also build with my older one , so I just removed the new .
I downloaded the nofib benchmark suite and made an initial benchmark .
While I was reading the documentation of the build process of GHC , I noticed a bug , and submitted a patch to the cvs-ghc mailing list .
The patch was applied , with some changes .
This week I plan to focus more on the project , and spend the weekly 36 hours working on it .
I ’m planning to start reading the Immix Technical Report to see if there ’s anything new there with regard to the article .
After that I ’ll read the wiki documentation on the GHC current GC , together with the GHC source code .
I ’ll also experiment with Criterion .
While I was writing this post I noticed that the GC benchmark in nofib is failing :
==nofib== fibheaps : time to run fibheaps follows ...
/usr/bin/time ../../runstdtest/runstdtest ./ fibheaps -o1 fibheaps.stdout -o1 fibheaps.stdout - ghc-timing 300000 ; /usr/ bin/ time ../../runstdtest/runstdtest ./ fibheaps -o1 fibheaps.stdout -o1 fibheaps.stdout - ghc-timing 300000 ; /usr/ bin/ time ../../runstdtest/runstdtest ./ fibheaps -o1 fibheaps.stdout -o1 fibheaps.stdout - ghc-timing 300000 ; /usr/ bin/ time ../../runstdtest/runstdtest ./ fibheaps -o1 fibheaps.stdout -o1 fibheaps.stdout - ghc-timing 300000 ; /usr/ bin/ time ../../runstdtest/runstdtest ./ fibheaps -o1 fibheaps.stdout -o1 fibheaps.stdout - ghc-timing 300000 ; Command exited with non-zero status 2 0.72user 0.05system 0:00.77elapsed 99%CPU ( 0avgtext+0avgdata 277664 maxresident ) k 0inputs+32outputs ( 0 major+17695minor ) pagefaults 0 swaps ././ fibheaps 300000 < / dev/null **** expected exit status 0 not seen ; got 2 ././ fibheaps 300000 < / dev/null expected stderr not matched by reality --- /tmp/no_stderr3559
2010-05-17 07:35:09.000000000 -0300 +++ /tmp/runtest3559.2
2010-05-17 07:35:10.000000000 -0300 @@ - 0,0 +1,2 @@ + Stack space overflow : current size 8388608 bytes .
+ Use `+RTS - Ksize - RTS ' to increase it .
Command exited with non-zero status 1 0.72user 0.06system 0:00.85elapsed 92%CPU ( 0avgtext+0avgdata 277664 maxresident ) k 368inputs+48outputs ( 1major+22085minor ) pagefaults 0 swaps Command exited with non-zero status 2 0.71user 0.04system 0:00.78elapsed 97%CPU ( 0avgtext+0avgdata 277664 maxresident ) k 0inputs+32outputs ( 0major+17694minor ) pagefaults 0 swaps ././ fibheaps 300000 < / dev/null **** expected exit status 0 not seen ; got 2 ././ fibheaps 300000 < / dev/null expected stderr not matched by reality --- /tmp/no_stderr3578
2010-05-17 07:35:10.000000000 -0300 +++ /tmp/runtest3578.2
2010-05-17 07:35:11.000000000 -0300 @@ - 0,0 +1,2 @@ + Stack space overflow : current size 8388608 bytes .
+ Use `+RTS - Ksize - RTS ' to increase it .
Command exited with non-zero status 1 0.72user 0.06system 0:00.80elapsed 98 %CPU ( 0avgtext+0avgdata 277664 maxresident ) k 0inputs+48outputs ( 0 major+22093 minor ) pagefaults 0 swaps Command exited with non-zero status 2 0.72user 0.06system 0:00.80elapsed 98 %CPU ( 0avgtext+0avgdata 277680 maxresident ) k 0inputs+32outputs ( 0 major+17696minor ) pagefaults 0 swaps ././ fibheaps 300000 < / dev/null **** expected exit status 0 not seen ; got 2 ././ fibheaps 300000 < / dev/null expected stderr not matched by reality --- /tmp/no_stderr3597
2010-05-17 07:35:11.000000000 -0300 +++ /tmp/runtest3597.2
2010-05-17 07:35:12.000000000 -0300 @@ - 0,0 +1,2 @@ + Stack space overflow : current size 8388608 bytes .
+ Use `+RTS - Ksize - RTS ' to increase it .
Command exited with non-zero status 1 0.72user 0.07system 0:00.83elapsed 96%CPU ( 0avgtext+0avgdata 277680 maxresident ) k 0inputs+48outputs ( 0 major+22095minor ) pagefaults 0 swaps Command exited with non-zero status 2 0.68user 0.08system 0:00.78elapsed 97%CPU ( 0avgtext+0avgdata 277680 maxresident ) k 0inputs+32outputs ( 0 major+17695minor ) pagefaults 0 swaps ././ fibheaps 300000 < / dev/null **** expected exit status 0 not seen ; got 2 ././ fibheaps 300000 < / dev/null expected stderr not matched by reality --- /tmp/no_stderr3616
2010-05-17 07:35:12.000000000 -0300 +++ /tmp/runtest3616.2
2010-05-17 07:35:12.000000000 -0300 @@ - 0,0 +1,2 @@ + Stack space overflow : current size 8388608 bytes .
+ Use `+RTS - Ksize - RTS ' to increase it .
Command exited with non-zero status 1 0.70user 0.09system 0:00.80elapsed 98 %CPU ( 0avgtext+0avgdata 277680 maxresident ) k 0inputs+48outputs ( 0 major+22089minor ) pagefaults 0 swaps Command exited with non-zero status 2 0.71user 0.06system 0:00.93elapsed 82%CPU ( 0avgtext+0avgdata 277680 maxresident ) k 0inputs+32outputs ( 0 major+17695minor ) pagefaults 0 swaps ././ fibheaps 300000 < / dev/null **** expected exit status 0 not seen ; got 2 ././ fibheaps 300000 < / dev/null expected stderr not matched by reality --- /tmp/no_stderr3635
2010-05-17 07:35:12.000000000 -0300 +++ /tmp/runtest3635.2
2010-05-17 07:35:13.000000000 -0300 @@ - 0,0 +1,2 @@ + Stack space overflow : current size 8388608 bytes .
+ Use `+RTS - Ksize - RTS ' to increase it .
Command exited with non-zero status 1 0.73user 0.06system 0:00.95elapsed 83%CPU ( 0avgtext+0avgdata 277680 maxresident ) k 0inputs+48outputs ( 0 major+22089 minor ) pagefaults 0 swaps make [ 1 ] : ** [ runtests ]
Erro 1
Failed making all in fibheaps : 1 make : ** [ all ]
Erro 1
Erro is error in Portuguese .
I ’ll investigate on that .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Curtir isso : Curtir Carregando ...
Relacionado
The Federal Trade Commission has closed its investigation of Google ’s proposed acquisition of mobile advertising network company AdMob after thoroughly reviewing the deal and concluding that it is unlikely to harm competition in the emerging market for mobile advertising networks .
In a statement issued today , the Commission said that although the combination of the two leading mobile advertising networks raised serious antitrust issues , the agency ’s concerns ultimately were overshadowed by recent developments in the market , most notably a move by Apple Computer Inc. – the maker of the iPhone – to launch its own , competing mobile ad network .
In addition , a number of firms appear to be developing or acquiring smartphone platforms to better compete against Apple ’s iPhone and Google ’s Android , and these firms would have a strong incentive to facilitate competition among mobile advertising networks .
“ As a result of Apple ’s entry ( into the market ) , AdMob ’s success to date on the iPhone platform is unlikely to be an accurate predictor of AdMob ’s competitive significance going forward , whether AdMob is owned by Google or not , ” the Commission ’s statement explains .
The Commission stressed that mergers in fast - growing new markets like mobile advertising should get the same level of antitrust scrutiny as those in other markets .
The statement goes on to note that , “ Though we have determined not to take action today , the Commission will continue to monitor the mobile marketplace to ensure a competitive environment and to protect the interests of consumers . ”
Mobile ad networks , such as those provided by Google and AdMob , sell advertising space for mobile publishers , who create applications and content for websites configured for mobile devices , primarily Apple ’s iPhone and devices that run Google ’s Android operating system .
By “ monetizing ” mobile publishers ’ content through the sale of advertising space , mobile ad networks play a vital role in fueling the rapid expansion of mobile applications and Internet content .
According to the FTC ’s statement , evidence gathered by the agency raised important questions about the transaction .
Google and AdMob have competed head - to - head for the past few years , with a notable increase in intensity during the past year .
This competition has spurred innovation and allowed mobile publishers to keep a large share of the revenue generated from the sale of their ad space .
The companies also have economies of scale that give them a major advantage over smaller rivals in the business , the statement says .
These concerns , however , were outweighed by recent evidence that Apple is poised to become a strong competitor in the mobile advertising market , the FTC ’s statement says .
Apple recently acquired Quattro Wireless and used it to launch its own iAd service .
In addition , Apple can leverage its close relationships with application developers and users , its access to a large amount of proprietary user data , and its ownership of iPhone software development tools and control over the iPhone developers ’ license agreement .
The Commission vote to close the investigation was 5 - 0 .
Copies of the Commission ’s statement can be found at www.ftc.gov.
The FTC ’s Bureau of Competition works with the Bureau of Economics to investigate alleged anticompetitive business practices and , when appropriate , recommends that the Commission take law enforcement action .
To inform the Bureau about particular business practices , call 202-326-3300 , send an e-mail to antitrust@ftc.gov , or write to the Office of Policy and Coordination , Room 383 , Bureau of Competition , Federal Trade Commission , 600 Pennsylvania Ave , N.W. , Washington , DC 20580 .
To learn more about the Bureau of Competition , read “ Competition Counts ” at http://www.ftc.gov/competitioncounts.
( FTC File No. 101-0031 )
Bombs do not always have to explode to have their desired impact .
That would appear to be a simple , and disturbing , lesson to draw from the failed attempt to set off a car bomb in Times Square , New York , last weekend .
If you assume that one of the main aims of terrorists is to use fear to force Americans to change their open society , then the attack , allegedy carried out by Faisal Shahzad , succeeded perfectly well .
It took only a few days after the bomb was discovered for independent Connecticut senator Joe Lieberman to propose a draconian new law that would strip US citizenship from anyone linked to foreign terrorists .
His move was swiftly backed by leading Republicans .
The bill is a nightmare for those who believe that a democratic society 's greatest strength lies in the primacy of the impartial rule of law .
" If you have joined an enemy of the United States in attacking the United States to try to kill Americans , I think you sacrifice your rights of citizenship , " Lieberman said .
The point would be that stripping someone of their citizenship would remove many legal rights .
It follows on from the outrage that many Republicans expressed when Shahzad – who is an American – was read his Miranda rights as he was arrested .
There is a legion of reasons why Lieberman 's planned law has outraged many , including the fact that it opens a Pandora 's box of civil liberties issues .
It is also fairly clear that Lieberman and his Republican pals have only Muslim terrorists in mind with this sort of law .
Would they have proposed it for rightwing Cuban - Americans who have sponsored anti-Fidel Castro terrorism ?
Or the many Irish - Americans who have supported IRA terrorists ?
Megan McArdle , a columnist for the Atlantic , drew a parallel with America 's treatment of its mass murderers and serial killers : " Can someone explain to me – hopefully using graphs and small words – why Joe Lieberman is willing to share the precious blessing of American citizenship with Charles Manson , Gary Ridgway and David Berkowitz , but wants citizenship stripped from a guy who strapped some firecrackers to a bag of non-explosive fertiliser ? "
Many remember the hurried passing of the Patriot Act after 9/11 .
If Lieberman gets his way , it will be the alleged terrorist Shahzad who has the last laugh .
His amateurish dud of a bomb will have worked after all .
Flattr , the micropayment service for the open web
The release of Version 0.2.0 of ATS was recently announced on the ATS mailing list .
From the ATS website :
ATS is a programming language with a highly expressive type system rooted in the framework Applied Type System .
In particular , both dependent types and linear types are available in ATS .
The current implementation of ATS ( ATS / Anairiats ) is written in ATS itself .
The Computer Language Benchmarks Game show 's ATS as being similar to C/ C++ in terms of performance .
Compilation from source follows the standard ' configure ' and ' make ' .
Once compiled you need to set an ATSHOME environment variable along with adding the bin directory to the path .
Instructions on what these should be set to are displayed after compilation is finished .
$ ./ configure ... $ make $ ... ATS / Anairiats has been built up successfully !
The value of ATSHOME for this build is " /home /foo/ats " .
$ export ATSHOME=/home/foo/ats $ export PATH=$ PATH :$ATSHOME /bin
' atscc ' is used to compile an ATS program to C and then compile the C code to an executable .
A simple ' Hello World ' ATS program is :
implement main ( ) = print ( " Hello World
" ) ;
Place that code in a ' hello.dats ' file and compile :
$ atscc -o hello hello.dats atsopt -- output hello_dats .c -- dynamic hello.dats gcc ... -o hello hello_dats .c - lats $ ./hello Hello World
When running ' atscc ' you can see the commands it spawns to do the compilation .
It runs ' atsopt ' to generate the C code and ' gcc ' to compile the C code .
The resulting executable on my Ubuntu Linux system is about 13Kb when stripped .
The commands and options are explained in the ATS manual .
ATS feels like a hybrid of C and ML .
Code is written in an ML style but you can embed C directly and call ATS functions from C or C functions from ATS .
You can control memory at a low level , optionally include garbage collection , and use the type system to ensure that memory is safely accessed and released .
A quick example of calling C from ATS is below :
%{^ #include < ogg/ogg.h > %} abst@ype ogg_sync_state = $ extype " ogg_sync_state " extern fun ogg_sync_init ( oy : &ogg_sync_state ? ) : int = " #ogg_sync_init " extern fun ogg_sync_clear ( oy : &ogg_sync_state ? ) : int = " #ogg_sync_clear " implement main ( ) = let var state : ogg_sync_state ? ; val r = ogg_sync_init ( state ) ; val ( ) = printf ( " ogg_sync_init : %d
" , @ ( r ) ) ; val r = ogg_sync_clear ( state ) ; val ( ) = printf ( " ogg_sync_clear : %d
" , @ ( r ) ) ; in () end
This can be compiled and run ( assuming libogg is installed and the above is in ogg.dats ) with :
$ atscc -o ogg ogg.dats - logg ... $ ./ogg ogg_sync_init : 0 ogg_sync_clear : 0
C code is directly included using ' %{ ... %} '.
A variant of this is '% {^ .... %} ' which places the C statements at the top of the compiled ATS code .
This is what I use for including the libogg header above .
libogg has a C struct type called ' ogg_sync_state ' .
This is exposed to ATS using the ' $ extype " ogg_sync_state " definition .
The C functions are defined with an ATS function definition matching the C definition and the '= " #ogg_sync_init " ' at the end states that it is implemented in an external C library under the given name .
The argument passed to the C function is given as ' oy : &ogg_sync_state ? '.
The means the argument name is ' oy ' and it is an ogg_sync_state object passed by pointer ( The ' & ' part ) .
The ' ? ' at the end means it can be unintialized .
The code that calls these routines looks very C like :
var state : ogg_sync_state ? ; val r = ogg_sync_init ( state ) ;
The C code generated by this is actually :
ATSlocal ( ogg_sync_state , tmp1 ) ; ATSlocal ( ats_int_type , tmp2 ) ; tmp2 = ogg_sync_init ( ( &tmp1 ) ) ;
This exactly equivalment to hand coded C. Creating the structure on the stack and calling the libogg function passing it a pointer to it .
The above is only one way of calling C routines .
There is much more flexibility and you can use the type system to express an impressive amount of compile type safety checking .
See the ' fgets ' example at the end of this ATS for ML programmers page .
Another good example is this Cairo tutorial which demonstrates using linear types to keep track of Cairo objects .
It becomes a compile time error not to call the appropriate Cairo functions to release resources .
Some other interesting reads to learn about ATS :
The Green Door Seattle
Are you 21 years old or over ?
FRIDAY , May 28 ( HealthDay News ) --
A three - decade analysis of prior research reveals that American college students are not quite as empathetic as they used to be .
" We found the biggest drop in empathy after the year 2000 , " co-author Sara Konrath , a researcher at the University of Michigan Institute for Social Research , said in a news release .
" College kids today are about 40 percent lower in empathy than their counterparts of 20 or 30 years ago , as measured by standard tests of this personality trait . "
Konrath and her colleagues presented their findings this week in Boston at the annual meeting of the Association for Psychological Science .
A total of 72 studies conducted between 1979 and 2009 were included in the current review .
The analysis indicated that relative to their late - 1970s ' counterparts , today 's college students are less likely to make an effort to understand their friends ' perspectives or to feel tenderness or concern for the less fortunate .
" Many people see the current group of college students -- sometimes called ' Generation Me ' -- as one of the most self - centered , narcissistic , competitive , confident and individualistic in recent history , " observed Konrath , who is also affiliated with the psychiatry department at the University of Rochester .
" The increase in exposure to media during this time period could be one factor , " she said .
" Compared to 30 years ago , the average American now is exposed to three times as much nonwork - related information .
In terms of media content , this generation of college students grew up with video games .
And a growing body of research , including work done by my colleagues at Michigan , is establishing that exposure to violent media numbs people to the pain of others . "
Exposure to an increasingly hypercompetitive social environment might also contribute towards the apparent trend , the authors noted , as could a shift towards maintaining friendships online through social media sites , given that the ability to " tune out " and not respond when conversing online could translate into a learned behavior that in turn gets expressed face - to - face .
More information
The University of California , San Francisco 's Childcare Health Program explains how to nurture empathy .
Unlike fantasy , which had a clear genre launcher in J.R.R .
Tolkien , the science fiction genre developed over the latter half of the 19th century with the works of Jules Verne and , subsequently , H.G. Wells .
For the sake of a clear cut off date , however , we shall say the cut off date for novels not to be influenced by these fathers of the genre is 1864 , the year in which Verne published “ A Journey to the Center of the Earth . ”
These are the classic science fiction novels that preceded the fathers of the genre that are commonly overlooked by modern audiences .
10 Urashima Tar ?
Publication Date : circa 8th century
As with many of these examples , the line is blurred between fantasy and science fiction .
This was written in the 8th century and there is literally no line .
The story tells of a fisherman who rescues a turtle and lets it go to sea , only to find out that she was a princess and he is invited to their palace below the seas .
A few days pass before he decides to return to the surface , but when he returns to his village , he is shocked to find that he is far into the future .
This is an old , folkloric tale with a classic bit of mythology to it , and it also serves as the earliest example of time travel in fiction .
9 Somnium Johannes Kepler , Publication Date : 1620 to 1630
A weird little fantasy involving the lunar eclipse and demons on the moon .
What makes this science fiction , then ?
It began as a piece of nonfiction , defending the ideas of Earth ’s rotation and our planetary relationship with the moon .
How the demons became involved is beyond me .
Nonetheless , this is particularly significant when one considers that it was written by Kepler , who was a key astronomer in the scientific revolution .
He defined the laws of planetary motion , among other things .
8 Niels Klim ’s Underground Travels Ludvig Holberg , Publication Date : 1741
This is a strange tale of a Norwegian man who falls into space .
After floating about for a while , he is attacked by a gryphon and crashes onto Nazar , the nearby planet , and climbs a tree for safety .
The tree , however , is a woman , and he gets put on trial for rape .
Already you should be able to tell what sort of novel this will be .
From here , he begins to record the way of life of these ent - esque creatures , Potuans , before he inevitably gets kicked out and moves on to the inner rim of the planet .
Basically , it is social commentary with an early example of hollow earth fiction , and it is quite a fun read .
Read it online here .
7 The Last Man Mary Shelley , Publication Date : 1826
Mary Shelley is a big contributor to the science fiction genre , as she wrote the classic Frankenstein .
This is another story of hers that details an apocalyptic future where a plague has ravaged the Earth , although the themes are – as is usual – far more symbolic than that .
The novel is also notable for its semi-biographical depictions of Lord Byron ( a famous Romanticist , as well as the father of her niece ) and her husband , Percy Shelley .
The novel has great significance for any literature fan , and it is also an early novel of the apocalyptic genre ( at least in regards to science fiction , as opposed to the wrath of God ) .
Read it online here .
6 Taketori Monogatari Publication Date : circa 10th century
The Tale of the Bamboo Cutter , another piece from Japanese folklore , is a significant piece in Japanese literary history – being a very early example of conventional narrative , as well as a very early proto - science fiction novel .
The story tells of a bamboo cutter who finds a glowing bamboo stick , and inside is a tiny baby , which he loves and raises with his wife .
When she is older , though , it is discovered that she is of the moon and that she must leave her parents and the Emperor , who loved her dearly .
Before she left , she gave the Emperor the elixir of life , but he instead burnt it with her note atop the tallest mountain in Japan .
Legend has it that Mt. Fuji was named for the word for immortality ( fushi , or fuji ) due to this incident , and that the volcano is a symbol of the burning letter / elixir ( Mt. Fuji is , in fact , a volcano , although it has been inactive for some time now ) .
5 Micromégas Voltaire , Publication Date : 1752
Voltaire , French philosopher and satirist of grand fame , happened to also write science fiction .
Micromégas , as with most of his works , is a commentary on western culture and societal norms , here told from the point of view of an alien from a planet circling the star Sirius , and his friend from Jupiter .
It is a simple application that would be repeated throughout science fiction history , and that is certainly worth mentioning .
Not to mention , as with all of his works , it is hilarious ( or depressing , depending on your point of view ) to see how he depicts his culture , and how little , in many regards , it ’s changed .
Read it online here .
4 The Man in the Moone Francis Godwin , Publication Date : 1638
Also known as “ The English Fortune Teller , ” this novel is another story of travels to the moon , possibly influenced by the above mentioned Kepler work ( as the two were contemporaries ) , though this idea is quite heavily debated amongst astronomers .
The story , which some say is the first science fiction novel in the English language , details the travels of the astronaut Domingo Gonsales , who travels to the moon with a chariot of trained geese .
At this point in the list , that should n’t seem too absurd .
Aliens ensue , as is typical .
Aside from being a great story in its own right , this is particularly notable due to his reference to the possibility of weightlessness in space , and the potential influence of this novel on the most classic example of pre-Verne science fiction , Gulliver ’s Travels .
Read it online here .
3 Theologus Autodidactus Ibn al - Nafis , Publication Date : 1267 to 1277
This was not just an early example of science fiction , this novel is one of the earliest examples of desert island stories , coming - of - age stories , theological stories ( that is , stories that answer the deep questions usually left to discourses ) , and one of the earliest books published in Arabic .
To top it off , the author of this novel made significant discoveries in a number of medical fields and still had the time to study history , languages , geography , Islam , and write a few books .
Amazing , no ?
Anyway , the novel begins as you might expect from all the other descriptors , aside from science fiction .
A young man on a desert island contemplating life and coming to decisions that change him forever .
And then the world ends .
Additionally , there are numerous references to significant advances in biology and medicine that the author made .
It ’s significance is profound , but it might be a bit too complicated a read without the right background for it .
2 True History Lucian of Samosata , Publication Date : circa 2nd century
Another ‘ earliest example ’ of the genre , True History is a satire of the classic epics of the past , put into the stars instead of the clouds and across the seas .
There are aliens , interplanetary wars , space travel , planet colonization , and what may even be an early precedent to the concept of a robot .
This has all the tropes of your average B - movie sci- fi feature , yet it was written over a millennium before the invention of the telescope .
Think about that .
Read it online here .
1 The Description of a New World Margaret Cavendish , Publication Date : 1666
Full title : The Description of a New World , Called The Blazing - World .
Blazing
World is considered by a number of scholars to be the earliest example of science fiction as we would come to know it , and it is unique in that , given the century , it was written by a woman .
The story follows a woman from Earth who finds this blazing world and becomes empress .
This is a ( satirical ) utopian piece , and the world she arrives in has submarines , anthropomorphized beings , and talking animals .
It is a relatively short piece of prose ( by modern standards , at least ) , and it is truly an interesting look at the roots of the genre .
It was also referenced in The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen , for those who are fans of Alan Moore .
Read it online here .
+ The Coming Race Edward Bulwer - Lytton , Publication Date : 1871
This novel would have been my number one , without a doubt , but it just barely missed the cut off date set for this article .
Nonetheless , I believe it deserves a mention for being one of the most influential , and underrated , science fiction novels of all time .
The word vril , used in the novel , was a short - lived word in the English language , and the novel itself has been linked to many a conspiracy theory involving the Nazis ( due to the themes of a superior race present in the novel ) .
All the elements of a classic , yet overlooked by many , even within the science fiction fandom .
Also , Bulwer - Lytton is responsible for the clichés “ It was a dark and stormy night , ” and “ the pen is mightier than the sword , ” so you know , if nothing else , that this novel is quite quotable .
Read it online here .
We are in the midst of a prolonged national ammunition shortage .
Provoked by an AP story attributing the shortage to military demand ( i.e. , President Bush ) , Bob Owens started writing about the shortage in 2007 .
Owens debunked the AP story claiming the military ’s consumption of ammunition was responsible for police ammunition shortages in the United States .
Owens revisited the subject in February of last year , reviewing possible causes of the current shortage .
Sales of ammo are booming , making it what Glenn Reynolds calls “ an economic bright spot . ”
Last year ESPN took a look at booming ammo sales , including an interesting Google Trends chart in the story “ The ammo boom is no dud . ”
The Google Trends chart supported the story ’s thesis that concerns over what the election of Barack Obama ( and a Democratic Congress ) portended for gun owners is the main cause for the inflated demand for ammunition .
ESPN quoted the National Shooting Sports Foundation ’s Ted Novin : “ Gun owners are worried about taxes being added to ammo , or worried about new laws that will affect the production , and consequently the price , of ammunition .
It ’s understandable ; there are a lot of people in power now who have a long history of supporting bills that violate Second Amendment rights . ”
ESPN also checked in with Jim Rausher , the co-owner of Joe ’s Sporting Goods in suburban St. Paul .
“ A lot of my guys think that the government is going to tax ammo to the point that it gets ungodly expensive , ” said Rausher .
“ So they ’re buying ammo and putting it away — 9 mm , .380 , .38 Special , .40 S&W , .45 — all the popular stuff .
I think they ’re probably on the right track .
Something is coming ; something is going to happen .
Whether it ’s microstamping or non-lead bullets , ammo is going up in cost . ”
ABC also turned to the subject last year in “ Demand for ammo deplete stores ’ stock . ”
Reporting from Atlanta , Ryan Owens and Sidney Wright IV credited the political explanation .
They cited gun shop owner Jay Wallace , who attributes the shortage to the election of Barack Obama .
Fear that the president will change gun laws is prompting many gun owners to store up as much ammo as they can , as fast as they can .
“ They are afraid they are not going to be able to get ammunition anymore , ” said Wallace .
“ So they are buying it and stockpiling it . ”
ABC ’s Owens and Wright also attributed the shortage to military needs .
According to them , “ Years of war in Iraq and Afghanistan have also depleted the supply of ammunition because suppliers are required to give the military first choice . ”
Perhaps unsurprisingly , ABC cited no evidence in support of this proposition .
This is where we came in , with the proposition that Bob Owens debunked in 2007 .
Owens now returns to the story in “ The ammo shortage continues . ”
The most common cartridges are in short supply , and many stores ration ammunition a box or two at a time to spread their meager stock among their customers .
Owens asks what ’s going on
Owens quotes one knowledgeable observer inside the ammunition manufacturing business whose comments tend to belie the political explanation for the shortage .
This observer notes : “ The increased demand is global , not just domestic , and the demand is still increasing further .
The demand for the end product , loaded ammunition , further impacts the availability of raw materials : brass , powder , primers , projectiles .
Certain calibers are going to be harder to find than others by virtue of popularity and priority . ”
While the retail consumer may be stocking up , according to this observer , this pales in comparison to global consumption that is the real reason for the shortages .
But Owens notes that the mystery abides .
We are still left with millions of rounds being manufactured domestically every day that are snapped up the moment they hit the marketplace .
Are these hundreds of millions of rounds of domestically manufactured ammunition being stockpiled , Owens asks , or are they being shot as fast as they are purchased ?
If anyone knows the answers to these questions , Owens has n’t found him .
Jeff Sessions threatens to hold up Elena Kagan ’s comfirmation hearing until all of her Clinton era documents are released
Barack Obama has nominated a candidate to the Supreme Court that not much is known about .
She has never been a justice and has very limited courtroom experience .
Because of this , the only insight that we have of Elena Kagan ’s positions are documents that she has written on constitutional matters .
Most of the documents that she has written were written while she was in the Clinton Administration and so the Senate Judiciary Committee has asked the Clinton Presidential Library to release those documents for review .
This is a request that Terri Garner has agreed to , but with the confirmation that many of the documents would not be released in time for her confirmation hearing .
Patrick Leahy has stated that the confirmation hearing would not be delayed , stating that “ there is no reason to unduly delay consideration of this nomination . ”
And he is right , there is no reason to “ unduly delay ” these confirmation hearings , but the fact that the only documents that we have on Elena Kagan ’s positions will not be released in time for the hearings constitutes a very plausible reason for Republicans to ask for a delay in the hearing .
Jeff Sessions – the ranking Republican on the Judiciary Committee– agrees , claiming that Republicans will not allow the confirmation hearings to go forward untill all of Kagan ’s Clinton era documents have been released .
A perfectly reasonable request if you ask me .
I do n’t believe that this committee can go forward with an adequate hearing ” without all records from Kagan ’s tenure as a White House counsel and then domestic policy adviser to President Bill Clinton
I do n’t believe that there is much that Jeff Sessions can do to slow down Kagan ’s confirmation hearing , and the hearing will probably go on as scheduled , but one has to wonder why the Democrats are in such a hurry to confirm Elena Kagan that they are unwilling to wait until after all of her written documents have been released .
What are the Democrats afraid of ?
What are the Democrats trying to hide ?
These documents are all that the Senate Judiciary Committee has to go by , and these documents are all that the American people have to go by , yet Patrick Leahy is unwilling to let the Republicans and the American people see these documents before the confirmation hearing .
There has to be something there that could be a possible threat to her confirmation .
We deserve to know what it is before she is given this position for life .
Strategic Murder
From Japan to Pakistan to New York , saying “ they started it ” has been used to justify the murder of whoever can be labeled as “ them . ”
Tyrants gain power by casting the same net over vastly different individuals , conflating their aggressive interests with the interests of people who would rather live in peace .
In his Japan Times editorial “ War Epics on Screen Skip Mass Slaughter of Civilians , ” Charles Burress examines how World War II is presented in American entertainment .
He finds the treatment of history lacking when it comes to addressing the bombing of civilians by the United States military .
Burress notes that the widely reported premier of the new WWII miniseries The Pacific “ came but four days after the little noticed anniversary of one of the darkest events in American war history — the March 10 , 1945 , firebombing of Tokyo … The U.S. Strategic Bombing Survey said at the time that ‘ probably more persons lost their lives by fire in Tokyo in a six - hour period than at any time in the history of man . ’
The inferno was so intense that fleeing victims burst spontaneously into flame and were boiled alive in canals into which they had plunged to escape . ”
I ’d like to examine how people have attempted to morally justify such an attack .
A frequently - heard argument usually takes some form of the following : Japanese actions justified the American bombing of civilians .
Proponents might cite Japanese atrocities in China or barbaric treatment of prisoners .
This argument only works if you look at a group of vastly different people with different interests and responsibilities as if they acted as one collective .
How else can you justify setting a five - year - old on fire ?
What did that specific individual have to do with the Rape of Nanking ?
Either you ’re irresponsible enough to just let the higher - ups decide who you ’re going to kill , or you believe that the unique , irreplaceable individuals you kill are the enemy or belong to the enemy .
If that five year old is just enemy war material , why not set her on fire ?
This reveals the perverse premise of government warfare – that individuals are not ends in themselves , but are resources to be used by power - seekers to secure their rule .
The mythology of “ the national interest ” plays a part in justifying this idea .
In reality a nation is made of numerous individuals , and those in charge get to define what is in the nation ’s interest – which usually involves minimizing threats to the power structure .
If everyone is included in the national agenda of rulers , then everyone is part of the war machine , and everyone has the same interest in perpetuating it .
But when we realize that war is the primary government program that rulers use to expand their power , we see whose interests are served by war .
Politicians primarily want to exert influence on the world , which they accomplish by using force .
The businesses who profit from this “ projection of power ” lobby hard to keep their profits coming .
Wannabe - rulers and petty authoritarians who attack civilians to further their political goals are exhibiting the same behavior , operating from the same premises .
Modern terrorism is just small - scale statecraft .
Osama Bin Laden is just Hillary Clinton with a different set of resources to work with .
The United States military participates in the “ us versus them ” narrative that militant fundamentalists promote .
Drone strikes in Pakistan killed around 700 civilians in 2009 , according to an Antiwar.com report by Jason Ditz ( http://tinyurl.com/yl7tyfs).
The Peninsula , a news source cited by Ditz states that “ For each Al Qaeda and Taliban terrorist killed by the American drones , 140 civilian Pakistanis also had to die .
Over 90 percent of those killed in the deadly missile strikes were innocent civilians . ”
So the most personal exposure to Western Civilization that Pakistanis often get is the indiscriminate killing that it brings from the sky .
To a nationalist - minded killer , it ’s totally worth it .
Those who indiscriminately bomb and dismember are enemies of all people who wish to live as free individuals .
They use their flags and their pronouncements as nets to trap us into categories that serve their interests .
We will tear open the nets , and we will topple those who stomp on us .
SAN JOSE , CA — Baffled members of the Chicago Blackhawks reportedly scrutinized San Jose 's logo Tuesday in an attempt to determine some logical reason as to why it pictures a ferocious underwater predator eating a hockey stick .
" Sharks are primarily carnivorous , so it really makes no sense for them to suddenly introduce wood to their diet , " said center Jonathan Toews , wondering how a hockey stick would wind up in the ocean .
" Is n't a mascot animal supposed to be in favor of hockey ?
Why then would he ruin a good stick by biting it in half ?
Also , not to get too nitpicky , but San Jose is inland , so they do n't have sharks , unless the shark is bursting up through the rink , which is just unrealistic and stupid . "
The San Jose Sharks were reportedly just as confused by the Blackhawks logo , failing to understand what a somewhat racist representation of a Native American had to do with hockey .
Advertisement
Madam , –
It would seem Ireland is leading the way worldwide in handing control of our internet services over to the four major record labels ( Front Page , May 24th ) .
They have proposed draconian measures which have been voted against , judged unconstitutional , and met with ferocious opposition in other countries .
They want Eircom to cut off your internet if they think you are illegally downloading music .
Allow me to propose my own three strikes against this policy :
1 . The major record companies are taking this course of action to stop the unauthorised sharing of their music .
They are entitled to protect their rights , and they should be able to take whatever legitimate action they wish .
However , file - sharers are by far the biggest buyers of music , with studies showing they buy 10 times more than those who do n’t share .
Is it wise for record labels to cut off such a large source of revenue ?
Those who wish to continue illegally downloading copyrighted material will be able to continue to do so .
It would be naive of the record industries not to realise that they are always two steps behind .
Illegal downloaders have nothing to fear from this .
2 . With this latest action , the record labels appear to be violating the basic human rights of internet users in Ireland .
The disconnections are based on a premise of guilt upon accusation .
There is no due legal process involved .
The right to be presumed innocent until proven guilty is ignored .
Everyone has the right to freedom of speech , access to information , and communication through any media .
The recent High Court ruling suggests that the copyrights of the four major record labels are more important than the rights of citizens to access the internet .
This is the exact opposite of the findings of the French Constitutional Council , and the view of the European Parliament .
We have handed the major labels control over who and what is allowed on the internet .
Why should they enjoy this power exclusively ?
I ’m sure the film industry would be interested , as would book publishers .
3 . It is entirely disproportionate to disconnect entire households from every part of the internet .
Families depend on the internet daily for work , income , education , shopping , travel , talking with relatives and a host of other activities unrelated to music .
To take all these things away is the online equivalent of imprisonment .
The methods used to detect copyright infringement are very error - prone .
Thousands of innocent users in other countries have been falsely accused .
If a book publisher were to accuse a person of photocopying a book , we would n’t send them and their entire family to jail for a year , without trial , on the word of a company that had previously made thousands of false accusations .
Why should we hold double standards for the internet ?
I would urge Eircom customers who care about their rights to vote with their wallet and switch to another provider such as UPC ( Chorus NTL ) who , unlike Eircom , have stood up and pledged to defend the rights of their customers .
– Yours , etc ,
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter
Update 2 : Simple clean up solution : https://blog.sucuri.net/2010/05/simple-cleanup-solution-for-latest.html
Update 1 : Note that we are not blaming WordPress here .
I am assuming that if the problem was on WordPress itself , the number of infected sites would be much much bigger .
Maybe a plugin is vulnerable or someone stole lots of passwords .
Also , all the hacked sites were on shared hosts , no one so far on a private server .
We are seeing multiple reports today of WordPress sites ( running their latest version ) getting compromised .
The initial reports today were restricted only to Dreamhost , but now we are seeing the same pattern on blogs hosted at GoDaddy , Bluehost , Media temple and other places .
So , it does n’t look like something specific to a hosting company .
The only thing in similar is that all of them are on shared servers .
All those sites had this javascript added to their pages :
http://www.indesignstudioinfo.com/ls.php
http://zettapetta.com/js.php
Which came from a long base64 encoded string added to their footer .
php file ( or on all the PHP files in some cases ) .
You can get more information about the encoded string here ( and the final decoded code ) :
http://sucuri.net/malware/entry/MW:MROBH:1
One thing very interesting that is becoming a trend is that the malware is also hiding from Google .
This causes the site to do not get blacklisted , making it harder for the owner to notice .
People are talking on the forums already :
http://wordpress.org/support/topic/396524
http://www.webhostingtalk.com/showthread.p..
http://collabtive.o-dyn.de/forum/view..
How are they getting hacked ?
We have no clue yet …
We can only restrict to a few issues :
Stolen FTP / WP password Bug on WordPress Bug on some WordPress plugin Brute force attack against the passwords
Send us more information if you know something .
The guys from WP security lock did a good thread on the issue .
You can read here
As always , if you need help to recover from this attack or need someone to monitor your web site for these issues , visit http://sucuri.net or just send us an email at contact@sucuri.net .
A new mega shark threatens to destroy humanity .
The government creates an exact robotic copy of the shark , either equal to or greater than the original .
Now they must fight to the death while people and whole cities get in the way .
When you clone a repository containing a Unix tool ( or download a tarball ) , there 's a standard way to install it .
This is expected to work without any other dependencies , on all machines where the tool is supported .
$ autoconf $ ./ configure $ make $ sudo make install
This provides a standard way to download , build and install Unix tools .
In Ruby , we have a similar ( little - known ) standard :
$ gem build gem_name.
gemspec $ gem install gem_name-version.gem
If you opt - into this convention , not only will it simplify the install process for your users , but it will make it possible for bundler ( and other future automated tools ) to build and install your gem ( including binaries , proper load path handling and compilation of C extensions ) from a local path or git repository .
What to Do
Create a . gemspec in the root of your repository and check it in .
Feel free to use dynamic code in here .
When your gem is built , Rubygems will run that code and create a static representation .
This means it 's fine to pull your gem 's version or other shared details out of your library itself .
Do not , however , use other libraries or dependencies .
You can also use Dir[ ] in your . gemspec to get a list of files ( and remove files you do n't want with - ; see the example below ) .
Here 's bundler 's . gemspec :
# -*- encoding : utf-8 -*- lib = File.expand_path ( '../ lib/' , __FILE__ ) $ :. unshift lib unless $ :.include ?( lib ) require ' bundler/version '
Gem :: Specification.new do |s| s.name = " bundler " s.version = Bundler :: VERSION s.platform = Gem :: Platform :: RUBY s.authors = [ " Carl Lerche " , " Yehuda Katz " , " André Arko " ] s.email = [ " carlhuda@engineyard.com " ] s.homepage = " http://github.com/carlhuda/bundler " s.summary =
" The best way to manage your application 's dependencies " s.description =
" Bundler manages an application 's dependencies through its entire life , across many machines , systematically and repeatably " s.required_rubygems_version = " >= 1.3.6 " s.rubyforge_project = " bundler " s.add_development_dependency " rspec " s.files = Dir.glob ( " {bin , lib}/**/* " ) + %w( LICENSE README.md ROADMAP.md CHANGELOG.md ) s.executables = [ ' bundle ' ] s.require_path = ' lib ' end
If you did n't already know this , the DSL for gem specifications is already pretty clean and straight - forward , there is no need to generate your gemspec using alternative tools .
Your gemspec should run standalone , ideally with no additional dependencies .
You can assume its FILE is located in the root of your project .
When it comes time to build your gem , use gem build .
$ gem build bundler.
gemspec
This will spit out a .gem file properly named with a static version of the gem specification inside , having resolved things like Dir.glob calls and the version you might have pulled in from your library .
Next , you can push your gem to Rubygems.org quickly and painlessly :
$ gem push bundler - 0.9.15.gem
If you 've already provided credentials , you 've now published your gem .
If not , you will be asked for your credentials ( once per machine ) .
You can easily automate this process using Rake :
$ LOAD_PATH.unshift File.expand_path( " ../ lib " , __FILE__ ) require " bundler / version " task : build do system " gem build bundler.gemspec " end task : release => : build do system " gem push bundler -# { Bunder : : VERSION} "
end
Using tools that are built into Ruby and Rubygems creates a more streamlined , conventional experience for all involved .
Instead of trying to figure out what command to run to create a gem , expect to be able to run gem build mygem.
gemspec .
A nice side - effect of this is that those who check in valid . gemspec files can take advantage of tools like bundler that allow git repositories to stand in for gems .
By using the gem build convention , bundler is able to generate binaries and compile C extensions from local paths or git repositories in a conventional , repeatable way .
Try it .
You 'll like it .
I brought along another recipe to share with you during our Orlando vacation this week , but first I must share this recipe from Tasty Kitchen , which my buddy Amy prepared and photographed in such delicious detail , I actually cried when I first saw it .
Then I drooled .
Then I grabbed the room service menu to see if anything even remotely resembled it , I wanted it so badly .
Alas , it was not to be .
CURSE YOU , AMY !
Some buddy you are .
The recipe is for — are you ready ?
— Chocolate Cobbler , of all things .
The original recipe was submitted by Tasty Kitchen member Susan Hawkins , and Amy selected the prepared the recipe as part of the Tuesday “ A Tasty Recipe ” feature over on the TK Blog .
Check out some of the delicious carnage .
Yum !
Thank you , Amy and Susan , for sharing such deliciousness !
Here ’s the link for those of you who are brave enough :
A Tasty Recipe : My Granny ’s Chocolate Cobbler
Warning : Enter at your own risk .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
John Higgins is the current world number one Snooker world number one John Higgins has reportedly agreed to take a £ 261,000 bribe to lose frames in four separate matches later this year .
The News of the World says it has video of Higgins and his manager Pat Mooney making a deal in Ukraine on Friday .
Mr Mooney is quoted as saying they feared for their safety at the time .
There is no suggestion Higgins has ever thrown a frame or fixed a match .
World Snooker chairman Barry Hearn said an investigation had been launched .
' Massive blow '
He told BBC Radio 5 live he would decide whether to suspend the player within the next 24 hours .
He said he was " absolutely mortified " and the story had come as a " huge shock " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Mr Mooney is reported to have told the News of the World : " You have no idea what the circumstances were in Kiev , that 's why I have no comment .
" But we were genuinely in fear for our safety . "
The paper says three - time world champion Higgins refused to comment .
Neither Higgins nor Mr Mooney has commented since the publication of the story .
It alleges the sports star inquired at the meeting about the best ways to conceal the 300,000 euros ( $ 398,000 ) to be received .
Expansion plans
In a published transcript , Higgins , 34 , from Wishaw , North Lanarkshire , says it would be easy to affect the outcome of a frame .
Many bookmakers now offer the option of betting on individual frames .
Mr Mooney is a board member of the World Professional Billiards and Snooker Association ( WPBSA ) , whose commercial arm is World Snooker .
Hearn plots snooker revolution Mr Hearn , a promoter , recently proposed an overhaul of the sport including rule changes and boxing - style introductions for the players .
He said : " I 'm absolutely mortified by it [ the story ] .
I 've known John Higgins for a long long time .
" Pat Mooney is a co-director of the WPBSA , the governing body of snooker , and it 's come as just a huge shock and obviously an enormous blow to the integrity of the sport which is vital as everyone knows for the expansion plans we have .
" So it 's really been a shattering experience at this moment in time and one that will be obviously immediately looked into by our disciplinary people under the WPBSA rules . "
He said the newspaper allegations had forced him to consider his plans for the sport .
" I want to meet with the players on Wednesday anyway to discuss it .
And this is now top of the agenda , " he said .
The World Snooker Championship final begins in Sheffield later .
Higgins , who was made an MBE in 2008 and is married with three children , is the current world champion and provisional world number one and has won a total of 21 ranking titles .
He was unexpectedly knocked out of the current tournament in the second round by veteran Steve Davis .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
First words
PREFACE
" The truths contained in religious doctrines are after all so distorted and systematically disguised , " writes Sigmund Freud , " that the mass of humanity cannot recognize them as truth .
The case is similar to what happens when we tell a child that new - born babies are brought by the stork .
Here , too , we are telling the truth in symbolic clothing , for we know what the large bird signifies .
But the child does not know it .
...
It is the purpose of the present book to uncover some of the truths disguised for us under the figures of religion and mythology by bringing together a multitude of not - too - difficult examples and letting the ancient meaning become apparent of itself .
...
Joseph Campbell , 1948
Whether we listen with aloof amusement to the dreamlike mumbo jumbo of some red-eyed witch doctor of the Congo , or read with cultivated rapture thin translations from the sonnets of the mystic Lao - tse ; now and again crack the hard nutshell of an argument of Aquinas , or catch suddenly the shining meaning of a bizarre Eskimo fairy tale : it will be always the one , shape - shifting yet marvelously constant story that we find , together with a challengingly persistent suggestion of more remaining to be experienced than will ever be known or told .
How fast can a word enter the language ?
A couple of weeks ago , an apparently totally made - up new word seemed to set the land - speed record for the jump from “ early use ” to “ inclusion in a dictionary . ”
On May 12 , the word malamanteau showed up in the Web comic xkcd , where it was defined as “ a neologism for a portmanteau created by incorrectly combining a malapropism with a neologism . ”
It ’s not the clearest definition ever written , but the idea is that a malamanteau blends one or more not - quite - right words to create a completely new one .
Examples include the classic misunderestimated , bewilderness ( as in “ lost in the bewilderness ” ) , and insinuendos ( innuendo + insinuation ) .
The comic in which it appeared — self - described as a “ webcomic of romance , sarcasm , math , and language , ” and beloved by Web geeks — showed the word malamanteau as the subject of a Wikipedia page , with the caption : “ Ever notice how Wikipedia has a few words it really likes ? ”
And just like that , we were off .
In a sterling example of life imitating art , a Wikipedia page for malamanteau was speedily created — and just as rapidly deleted for “ not being a real word , ” but not before generating thousands of words of discussion as to its “ realness , ” “ notability , ” and general usefulness or lack thereof .
I ’m a regular reader of xkcd ( even its name appeals to wordy people — it was deliberately chosen by the author , Randall Munroe , to be an unpronounceable and meaningless four - letter word ) .
So when I saw malamanteau show up in the comic strip , the very first thing I did was head to Wordnik , the collaborative online dictionary that I run .
I was n’t disappointed :
By the time I got there , the word already had its own entry , complete with reference to its appearance in xkcd and examples of malamanteaux ( the preferred plural ) .
The word quickly made it to the Urban Dictionary , too , although the first meaning there , where users vote on their favorite meanings of words , is slightly different .
There , it ’s “ a word defined to infuriate Wikipedia editors . ”
Time from the word ’s debut in a comic strip to appearance in a dictionary : less than half a day .
True , for many English speakers , use in a Web comic and inclusion in a couple of online dictionaries are not enough to establish malamanteau as a “ real ” word .
But whether you consider malamanteau to be a real word or an elaborate joke , it is a classic example of the kind of word that people argue about when they argue about what makes a word real .
Submitted by Nomad on Sun , 05/30/2010 - 15:31
Location
Escaping European winters is a growing trend among pensioners .
Popular nearby destinations are Spain , Portugal and Turkey with mild winter climates .
But for those who favor warm mild weather , the winter sun in Morocco is luring more and more pensioners .
Here ’s a peek into a popular pensioner destination , Agadir on the Atlantic coast , with a new campsite that specifically caters to European pensioners .
Agadir , mild Atlantic climate all year round
Agadir is a popular destination for those who like the sun and travel by mobile home , RV or campervan .
It has a mild Atlantic climate where the sun shines all year round .
Even in summer it stays a relatively cool – unlike the soaring 40 C + / 100 F + temperatures inland and south towards Mauritania .
Javascript is required to view this map .
Mobile homes , RV's , Campervans parked at the beach north of Agadir in Morocco - now forbidden .
Best of all – local authorities allowed camping on the beach making it a very cheap stay for those with mobile home , RV or campervans .
But the rising popularity of the Agadir beach area made the local municipality decide to ban overnight stays on the beaches round Agadir in 2007 .
Regardless , it still is a popular place among retirees .
Large beach site pensioner campsite
During the 2009/2010 winter season a remarkably large campsite has just opened , right near the spot where many stayed for free .
Campsite Atlanica d’Imourane specifically caters the European pensioner community in Morocco , something we have n’t seen before in Europe .
Campsite , Kamping , Kampingplatz , Camping d'Imourane near Tagazout Agadir in Morocco
A proven campsite concept in the Agadir area
It has a large range of facilities , such as a supermarket , hairdresser , campervan wash , large pitches with waste water disposal , private watertap and toilet facilities for disabled people .
Pricing targets the long stay pensioner with discounts upto a 3 month stay .
The European pensioner season in Agadir starts in September and ends round April .
The brand new campsite with 430 + pitches was near full right after being opening .
A dream for every campsite owner .
The French owners of the new Campsite Atlanica d’Imourane knew exactly what they were doing .
A similar campsite exists since 2006 just 4
Km north of the new beach site campsite – though not on the beach .
Campsite Atlantica park a proven concept of a retirement campsite .
Even more facilities exist there such as a mechanical workshop for campervans , TV repair workshop and much more , facilitating a long stay in winter time in Morocco .
Wintertime long - stay price ranges of campsites
Compared to European campsites , Moroccan campsites have very reasonable prices .
Campsite Atlanica d’Imourane sits on the higher end of the Moroccan campsite price range but offers just what European pensioners are looking for .
And not without success .
The charge for a 3 month stay in 2010 is 70 Dhs per day ( € 6,30 / US$ 8.20 ) for 2 persons , a campervan and a pet including hot shower .
Electricity is charged extra , but for those with solar panels it ’s not really a necessity .
In European terms it 's a straight bargain to stay here for just € 189 , - / month ( US $ 245 ) .
Europeans get a 90 day Moroccan tourist visa on arrival , which can be extended up - to 6 months maximum including vehicle .
Large pitches with private water tap and waste disposal at Camping d'Imourane near Agadir .
Only Portuguese municipality campsites can compete with Moroccan campsite prices .
Though facilities on Portuguese municipality campsites are pretty basic with a colder climate .
Spanish winter campsites have prices in the range of € 15 – 20 per day ( US $ 19.5 - 26 ) and Turkish between € 10 - 15 , - per day on average .
( US $ 13 - 19.5 )
With more European baby - boomers reaching retirement between 2010 - 2020 , this area in Morocco will undoubtedly become increasingly popular .
Read about more campsites in Morocco :
Campsite Le Relais de Marrakech
Campsite International in Fes
Image caption David Willetts is getting to grips with the science and space brief
The new science minister David Willetts says space is an important growth sector for the UK economy and he intends to do all he can to support it .
" I believe in the space industry , " he told BBC News .
" Britain has a comparative advantage and we will carry on backing space . "
Mr Willetts was speaking after chairing the UK Space Leadership Council , which advises government on space matters .
The group includes interests across industry , academia and government .
He said the new Conservative - Liberal Democrat coalition would pick up where the previous government had left off and would put " energy into the programme " .
UK space had witnessed some key developments just prior to the General Election .
These included the establishment of an executive space agency , and the production of a major report that set out a strategy to grow the British space industry over the next 20 years , creating 100,000 jobs in the process .
Mr Willetts acknowledged that the election process had paused the momentum , but he told the Council that he was ready to push forward again .
He paid tribute to his predecessor , the Labour science minister Lord Drayson , for his efforts on space , and said the coalition had no intention of tearing up good work just for the sake of it .
UK'S GROWING SPACE SECTOR Britain currently has a 6 % share of the global space market
The sector contributes some £ 6bn to the UK economy annually
It has grown by an average of 9 % per year ( 1999 - 2007 )
The industry supports up to 70,000 jobs , about 19,000 directly
A pre-election strategy report saw further major growth opportunities Strategy to grow UK space sector Amos : No return to Year Zero
Mr Willetts reaffirmed his desire to make the space agency a truly executive body with control over policy and funding that hitherto has been spread across government departments and science research bodies .
" The agency is at the moment essentially a shell and it needs a proper single funding pot , " he told BBC News .
" It was n't possible for Lord Drayson to resolve that issue before the election , and with all these public expenditure issues hanging over us it's going to take a while ; but I 'm committed to trying to achieve that , to get as much money as possible aggregated into the single funding pot for the space agency . "
Funding has always been a thorny issue in UK space matters .
British governments have traditionally had a lower civil spend than their major European space partners - Germany , France and Italy - and with the current tight fiscal environment , this is unlikely to change in the near term .
But Andy Green , who led the Space Innovation and Growth Team that set out the 20 - year strategy , said a lot of what was required of government did not involve spending money .
" We all recognise the difficulty of the situation we are in , but we 've also made the point obviously that where the government does decide to intervene financially and otherwise , the emphasis should be on growing sectors , " the chief executive of Logica told BBC News .
" He seemed to have a genuine passion for space as an opportunity to grow employment and wealth in this country .
In the first instance , that 's what we were looking for - enthusiasm . "
Mr Willetts promised to tackle regulation issues , such as the access to spectrum that enabled companies to develop new satellite services .
Image caption
The UKSA has yet to have its funding arrangements sorted out
He highlighted the role satellites could play in climate monitoring , and in providing universal access to broadband internet .
And he said he wanted to see the UK take part in the emerging global space tourism business .
This is currently being led by a British company - the Virgin Group - but the firm will be operating first out of the US , and it will need legislative assistance before it can work from home shores .
" I personally would love to see Virgin Galactic being launched from the UK , " Mr Willetts said .
" There are a lot of challenges in making that happen , but I think it would be a great pity if we missed out and I want to try to make it happen . "
Finally , on the issue of space science , the minister said he would be talking to the Science and Technology Facilities Council ( STFC ) to see how its " controversies " in recent years could be resolved .
The STFC has structural problems and has been hit particularly hard by the recent fall in the pound , which makes its subscriptions to major European " science clubs " , like the European Space Agency , relatively expensive .
David Willetts is the Conservative Minister for Universities and Skills .
He reports to Vince Cable , the Liberal Democrat Secretary of State for Business , Innovation and Skills and President of the Board of Trade .
Image caption Current rules preclude Virgin from running space trips from the UK
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
UFC
UFC NEWS : Revisiting the illegal knee that actually landed from the Josh Koscheck vs. Paul Daley bout at UFC 113
May 17 , 2010 - 11:11:40 AM
UFC NEWS : Revisiting the illegal knee that actually landed from the Josh Koscheck vs. Paul Daley bout at UFC 113
During the first round of the UFC 113 bout between Josh Koscheck and Paul Daley at UFC 113 , fans and media alike harped on Koscheck for what appeared to be a massively overacted reaction to an illegal knee thrown by Daley .
The replay that was shown over and over , in the arena and on the pay - per - view broadcast , showed the left knee thrown by Daley that maybe scraped Koscheck 's hair .
The reaction from Koscheck did n't seem to go hand in hand with what was being shown on the screen , and thus all were decrying Koscheck for trying to fake that the blow hit to perhaps get a point taken or simply to get some rest time , which he received .
Well , there 's another replay of the sequence circulating that shows that Koscheck did , in fact , get ht with an illegal knee by Daley , it just was n't the one that was being shown over and over again .
Take a look at the .gif image below with the entire sequence slowed down .
Now , if you look closely , as referee Dan Miragliotta is stepping out of view , the right knee of Daley comes up and jars Koscheck 's head back , and then he tries to throw a second knee , that being the one that completely missed .
It even appears that the second knee misses because Koscheck is turning to make a complaint to Miragliotta .
Koscheck never backed off from his side of the story in interviews after the fight , swearing he got hit by something , and this look shows he was right .
It was one of several instances in this fight , and after , in which Daley employed unsportsmanlike conduct , ending with the sucker punch after the fight that sent him out of the organization .
As one of the people who was vociferously against Koscheck 's reaction and behavior while watching the fight and then in comments afterward , I have no problem admitting I was wrong and making apologies to Koscheck for not giving him the benefit of the doubt in this case .
While he's not a likable character , the fact is it was Paul Daley who threw two illegal knees here , tried to gouge his eyes in the third round and then hit him with a sucker punch after the bell .
It only drives home that Daley 's release and subsequent banishment from the UFC was likely the correct call , even when made in the heat of the moment .
As for the knee issue , because of how quickly this sequence happened and the fact that the wrong replay was being shown , Koscheck got a raw deal on fan and media reaction to that part of the fight .
Still , he won and is now set up for the biggest fight of his career against Georges St. Pierre , likely in December .
UFC 113 RESULTS : Paul Daley cut following cheap shot of Josh Koscheck at UFC 113 ( w/ Penick's Analysis ) : [ CLICK TO READ FULL ARTICLE ] [ Josh Koscheck art by Cory Gould ( c ) MMATorch.com ]
potw2027 — Picture of the Week
The Sculpted Galaxy
6 July 2020 : Captured by the NASA / ESA Hubble Space Telescope , this image shows NGC 7513 , a barred spiral galaxy .
Located approximately 60 million light - years away , NGC 7513 lies within the Sculptor constellation in the southern hemisphere .
This galaxy is moving at the astounding speed of 1564 kilometres per second , and it is heading away from us .
For context , the Earth orbits the Sun at about 30 kilometres per second .
Though NGC 7513 ’s apparent movement away from the Milky Way might seem strange , it is not that unusual .
While some galaxies , like the Milky Way and the Andromeda galaxy , are caught in each other ’s gravitational pull and will eventually merge together , the vast majority of galaxies in our Universe appear to be moving away from each other .
This phenomenon is due to the expansion of the Universe , and it is the space between galaxies that is stretching , rather than the galaxies themselves moving .
A slew of House Democrats have sent a letter to the Federal Communications Commission warning the agency not to go forward with its plan to partially reclassify ISPs as common carriers , a move needed to impose net neutrality rules .
" The uncertainty this proposal creates will jeopardize jobs and deter needed investment for years to come , " wrote Texas Congressman Gene Green on Monday .
" The significant regulatory impact of reclassifying broadband service is not something that should be taken lightly and should not be done without additional direction from Congress . "
Plus , the " controversy surrounding that approach " could " serve as a distraction from what should be our Nation 's foremost communications priority : bringing broadband to every corner of America , getting every American online , " the letter continues .
It 's co-signed by 73 Democrats .
The FCC has been looking for a revised means to set up Internet non-discrimination rules ever since a Federal court shot down its Order against Comcast for P2P throttling .
But at the same time that Green and his backers sent the FCC their letter , Capitol Hill 's top Democrats , far more sympathetic to the FCC 's plans , announced that they want to get that " additional direction from Congress " thing going via hearings to revise the Communications Act .
" In the long term , if there is a need to rewrite the law to provide consumers , the Commission , and industry with a new framework for telecommunications policy , we are committed as Committee Chairmen to doing so , " wrote Senator Jay Rockefeller ( D - WV ) and Rep. Henry Waxman ( D - CA ) earlier this month , advocating for reform of the Communications Act .
The Green letter seemed heaven - sent by the anti-net neutrality group Americans for Prosperity , host of the website NoInternetTakeover.com .
And it was roundly condemned by the pro-net neutrality group Free Press , which unsparingly dissects the document on its SavetheInternet site .
The statement " is so full of misinformation that no member of Congress should in good conscience put his or her name on it , " Save the Internet insists .
Nevertheless , many did — and they are members of FCC Chair Julius Genachowski's own party .
Translating the kilowatt usage on your power bill into real world application is n't the easiest thing to do .
This interactive residential energy use chart shows how much energy and money common appliances cost .
Advertisement
The chart features 53 common items like air conditioners , blenders , toasters , stereo systems , vacuum cleaners , and more .
To put the usage in more comprehensible terms you can set the chart to show you how much each appliance uses in watts , how expensive it is to run , how much in gasoline - equivalence it uses , or how much use you get out of it .
In the screenshot above we merged two images together so you can see the " What does 1 Kilowatt Hour yield for each appliance ? " setting for two items .
In our example we used the chart to answer a very important question .
What 's the more valuable use of a kilowatt hour , 36 slices of toast or 400 margaritas ?
Advertisement
For more ways to visualize your power consumption make sure to check out previously reviewed WattzOn , Vampire Energy , and if you 're a frequent laptop user you 'll definitely want to take a peek at our research into how much battery life Sleep / Suspend really uses .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Home Energy Appliance Use [ General Electric via Unpluggd ]
The night 's rituals unfolded slowly .
In a small house in a village near the town of Taluqan in northern Afghanistan , a dozen men huddled in a cold , dark room , wrapped in thick blankets and squatting on red cushions .
The wind sliced through a plastic sheet nailed to a wooden frame in the mud wall , and a strong aroma of hashish lingered in the air .
A young boy brought a small metal pot , poured warm water on the men's hands and dried them with a small , stinking towel .
Dinner was served : plates of meat stew , thick loaves of bread and bowls of yogurt .
Then , when the meal was over , one of the guests opened his sash and pulled out four small bottles of Tajik vodka .
Solemnly and with half - embarrassed smiles , the men raised their glasses , whispered , " Salamte " and drained them .
As more vodka was drunk , the party grew louder .
Its host – a former Taliban commander now in alliance with the Afghan government and Americans – chatted jovially to his guests , mainly local farmers and shopkeepers .
Then one of the men produced a sitar and a dancer entered the room .
Dressed in a flowing shirt and long , red skirt , with sherwal pants beneath and small silver bells fastened to hands and feet , the dancer stepped across the floor , face hidden behind a red scarf .
The bells chimed with the movement , the skirt brushing past the watching men who stretched out their hands to touch it .
The sitar player sang loudly , a love song about betrayal .
The dancer twisted and sang hoarsely with him , arms thrown high above a lean , muscular body , moving faster and faster until finally the scarf dropped , revealing a handsome young man 's face with traces of a moustache and beard .
One of the men quickly grabbed the scarf and started sniffing it .
The practice of taking young boys to perform as dancers at private parties is known as bacha bazi ( literally , " boy for play " ) and is an Afghan tradition with very deep roots .
Under Taliban rule , it was banned , but it has crept back and is now widespread , flourishing also in the cities , including the capital , Kabul , and a common feature of weddings , especially in the north .
The bacha dancers are often abused children whose families have rejected them .
Their " owners " or " masters " can be single or married men , who keep them in a form of sexual slavery , as concubines .
The bachas are usually released at the age of 19 , when they can get married and reclaim their status as " male " , though the stigma of having lived as a bacha is hard to overcome .
The Afghan authorities and human rights groups are aware of the plight of bacha boys , but seem powerless to stop it .
In an adjacent room , 16 - year - old Mustafa was preparing to dance next .
His owner opened a small bundle of clothes and produced a long , blue skirt , crimson shirt , leather straps and bells .
Mustafa stood on a table and nervously smoked a cigarette .
Holding his thin arms over his head , he allowed two bearded , turbaned men , giggling and laughing , to dress him like a doll .
One combed his long hair , and invited the other to have the " honour " of wrapping the straps around his hands and feet .
Later , when he had finished his performance , Mustafa told me his story .
" My grandfather kept telling me when I was a child to be careful of men because I was handsome , " he said .
" One day a mechanic in the town attacked me , my family rejected me and I had to go and stay with that man .
Now I am with someone else and he taught me how to dance . "
He spoke matter - of - factly , then started explaining in great detail about where he buys his women 's clothes .
How did he feel about the men dressing him ?
" It 's OK , " he said .
In Kabul and other Afghan cities , bacha bazi CDs and DVDs are widely on sale from street stalls and carts , serving an audience who can't afford the real thing .
In many of the cafes , men sit drinking tea and watching grainy images of boys dancing .
Most of Kabul 's musicians congregate in the southern part of the city , an area that was half destroyed by the civil war .
In a crumbling hotel , an aged guard opened a gate that led to a dark staircase surrounded by metal grilles .
The air was damp and heavy with the smell of hashish , opium , urine and burned oil .
On the first floor was a small hall and a few rooms , with shoes and flip - flops piled high outside .
On Thursday afternoons , dancing boys and their owners come here to wait for clients to hire them for weddings or parties .
The hotel was crowded with musicians and singers , including 30 Pakistani Pashtun musicians who had come to Kabul to seek refuge from the clampdown in the north - west of their country .
One , his hair parted with a ruler in the middle and greased with cream , told me , " The Afghans like us as much as their own musicians .
Even Kendeel Kuji [ a famous Pakistani singer ] is here . "
In the same room I met Habib , a dancer , dressed in a spotless white salwar kameez .
Two gold rings decorated his manicured fingers .
His face was plump and he had a thin , well - groomed moustache above thick , red lips .
Why did he start dancing ?
" I love it .
No one forced me to do it – I love it . "
When he was 13 , he said , his family disowned him , so he went with his lover to Peshawar , fleeing the Taliban .
" There I learned how to dance .
We could do everything there ; I could dress like a woman and dance .
Here in Kabul we can't do much : I can only put some red on my lips and dance . "
He stroked his face with his delicate hands and pushed back his hair with a shake .
After the fall of the Taliban , Habib came back and settled in a small hotel near Kabul .
" People accuse us of being homosexuals and transsexuals , but we are not , " he said firmly .
" We are not trying to be women , we are just dancers .
Some men like my dancing and give me tips , but other men like to do other things with me .
I have to be careful – they can be dangerous .
I know how to manoeuvre to take their money and not let them harm me . "
Why did he think other young boys dressed as women and danced ?
" Because men like women and they are not available , so we act like women .
We wink at the rich men in the room , we excite them and they pay us .
Two weeks ago , in a town north of Kabul , the elder paid me 4,000 Afghanis [ around £ 49 ] .
But after the programme I had to shout so he would be embarrassed in front of other people , because he wanted to do things with me .
Sometimes we get a lot of money .
Sometimes we have to spend the night with them and they do n't give us anything .
" I am normal , but I like to walk and talk and to perform like a woman .
Once , a man offered me $ 20,000 [ £ 12,250 ] to become his lover and stop dancing , but I said no because I love to dance .
I took only $ 1,000 .
Now we are together .
Yes , he is married .
But he still likes me . "
Above : Press Start to RELIVE !
It ’s a personal favorite of mine , and I thought this would be the most appropriate time to reflect back on some SMB2 history you may not have known about .
Oh , and I ’m not going to insult your intelligence by stating that Mario 2 is a reskin of a Japanese game called Doki Doki Panic .
Of course you know that ; everyone knows that !
But here ’s some stuff you probably do n’t :
Above :
You already knew this , right ?
Keine Frage : Kellnern ist ein harter Job – ein ordentliches Trinkgeld kann die Fuß- und Rückenschmerzen erheblich lindern .
Zehn wissenschaftlich erwiesene Tipps für mehr Trinkgeld .
1. Tragen Sie etwas Ungewöhnliches :
Es lohnt sich , bei der Wahl des Kellneroutfits kreativ zu werden .
Das zumindest resümierten die US - Forscher Jeri-Jayne Stillman und Wayne Hensley bereits im Jahr 1980 .
Für ihre Studie ließen sie sechs Kellnerinnen in einem gehobenen Restaurant eine Blume im Haar tragen – das Trinkgeld stieg um 17 Prozent .
2. Stellen Sie sich mit Namen vor :
Ich weiß , in Deutschland ist das nicht unbedingt üblich – aber gegen ein bisschen Höflichkeit sollten doch auch die Restaurantgäste hierzulande nichts einzuwenden haben .
Kellner jedenfalls können davon profitieren , sich den Gästen namentlich vorzustellen .
Kimberly Garrity und Douglas Degelman gelangten zu dieser Erkenntnis durch ein Experiment ( .pdf ) im Jahr 1990 .
Wenn die Kellnerin ihren Gästen zu Beginn ihren Namen nannte , bekam sie fast zwei Dollar mehr Trinkgeld .
3. Hocken Sie sich neben den Tisch :
Die meisten Kellner stellen sich vor die Gäste , wenn sie die Bestellungen entgegen nehmen .
Fatal , meinten zumindest Kirby Mynier und Michael Lynn von der Universität von Houston im Jahr 1993 .
In ihrem Experiment sollten ein Kellner und eine Kellnerin zwischen Hinstellen und Hinhocken wechseln – wenn sie mit den Gästen auf Augenhöhe waren , gab es im Schnitt etwa einen Dollar Trinkgeld mehr .
4. Wiederholen Sie die Bestellungen :
Wer sein Gegenüber vorsichtig nachahmt , baut Sympathie auf – das funktioniert laut des niederländischen Psychologen Rick van Baaren auch im Restaurant .
Für seine Studie ( .pdf ) im Jahr 2003 trug er Kellnern auf , die Bestellungen der Gäste laut zu wiederholen .
Der Effekt war deutlich : Zum einen gab ein höherer Anteil der Gäste Trinkgeld , zum anderen stieg auch dessen Summe – um das Doppelte !
5. Lächeln Sie :
Wer als Kellner seine schlechte Laune offen zur Schau stellt , hat den Beruf verfehlt .
Mehr noch : Lächelnde Kellner bekommen mehr Trinkgeld .
Für ihr Experiment im Jahr 1978 warben Kathi Tidd und Joan Lockard Kellnerinnen in einer Cocktailbar an .
Sie sollten die Gäste unterschiedlich breit anlächeln .
Ergebnis :
Wer mit geschlossenem Mund lächelte , bekam im Schnitt 20 Cent Trinkgeld .
Wer beim Lächeln seine Zähne zeigte , erhielt durchschnittlich 48 Cent .
6. Berühren Sie die Gäste :
Über die Macht der Berührungen habe ich vor kurzem bereits geschrieben – diese können sich auch Kellner zunutze machen .
Zu diesem Schluss kamen April Crusco und Christopher Wetzel bereits im Jahr 1984 .
In einer Studie sollten Kellnerinnen ihren Gästen unterschiedlich gegenübertreten .
Die einen berührten sie leicht an der Schulter , die anderen an der Hand , wieder andere fassten sie gar nicht an .
Im letzteren Fall gaben die Gäste im Schnitt 12 Prozent Trinkgeld .
Wurden Sie an der Schulter berührt , gaben sie 14 Prozent , bei einer Berührung an der Hand sogar 17 Prozent .
7. Sorgen Sie für Unterhaltung :
Auch dieser Tipp gilt eher nicht in Feinschmecker - Restaurants .
Der französische Psychologe Nicolas Guéguen trug Kellnern in einem Experiment im Jahr 2006 auf , den Gästen nicht nur die Rechnung zu bringen – sondern gleichzeitig auch ein kleines Kärtchen mit einem Witz drauf .
Ergebnis : Das Trinkgeld stieg um sieben Prozent .
8. Verteilen Sie Süßigkeiten :
Die Reziprozitätsregel besagt :
Wenn wir etwas geschenkt bekommen , wollen wir uns mit einem Gegengeschenk revanchieren .
Dieses Prinzip können auch Kellner ausnutzen .
In einem Experiment von David Strohmetz im Jahr 2006 schenkten die Kellner ihren Gästen nach dem Essen Schokolade – so konnten sie ihr Trinkgeld im Schnitt um bis zu vier Prozent steigern .
9. Malen Sie Smileys auf die Rechnung :
Achtung , dieser Tipp gilt nur für Frauen .
In einer Studie von Bruce Rind und Prashant Bordia aus dem Jahr 2006 erhielten Kellnerinnen fünf Prozent mehr Trinkgeld , wenn sie einen „ Smiley “ auf die Rechnung zeichneten .
Bei Kellnern hatte die Kritzelei einen gegenteiligen Effekt – ihr Trinkgeld sank um drei Prozent .
Vermutlich fanden die Gäste es eher affig , wenn ein Mann ein lächelndes Gesicht malte .
Frauen hingegen nahmen sie die Geste nicht übel – im Gegenteil .
10 . Bedanken Sie sich – schriftlich :
Dass Sie Ihren Gästen Dankbarkeit zeigen sollten , versteht sich von selbst .
Doch laut einer Studie von Rind und Bordia aus dem Jahr 2006 bringt es etwas , diese auch schriftlich zu zeigen – indem Sie „ Vielen Dank “ auf die Rechnung schreiben .
In einem Experiment ließ diese kleine Geste das Trinkgeld um immerhin zwei Prozent steigen .
Viel Erfolg beim Ausprobieren !
[ via Michael Lynn ]
Guatemala City , Guatemala ( CNN ) --
The death toll from the eruption of a volcano in Guatemala has risen to at least three people , an official said Friday .
Two villagers from El Bejucal and a reporter from CNN affiliate Noti 7 were killed as a result of Thursday 's eruption of the Pacaya volcano , said David de Leon , a spokesman for the national disaster commission .
The three victims were crushed by rocks strewn by the volcano .
Pacaya , located about 18 miles ( 30 kilometers ) south of Guatemala City , began spewing ash and soot Thursday evening .
Ecuador eruption closes airport
Guatemalan President Alvaro Colom declared a state of calamity for 15 days and called for calm as the eruption spread ash over the capital , prompting evacuations and shutting down the city 's international airport .
Four people were missing as evacuations continued , the president said .
At least 1,800 people have been placed in shelters after four villages near the volcano were evacuated , de Leon said .
The runway at La Aurora International Airport -- the third busiest airport in Central America in terms of passenger traffic -- was covered with ash and was closed Friday , Colom said .
About 25 percent of the airport 's daily flights had to be diverted to alternative airports after La Aurora was closed Thursday evening , said Monica Monje with Civil Aeronautics .
The states of Guatemala , Escuintla and Sacatepequez were hardest hit .
Classes were canceled Friday in Escuintla and Guatemala states , Colom said .
A slight rain that fell over the area mixed with the ash , hindering visibility .
Alejandro Estrada Garcia , a 21 - year - old student in Guatemala City , filed a CNN iReport detailing his difficulties .
" I was returning from the university , " he said .
" It was really hard to drive because the ash was coming down with a bit of rain , so it was kind of muddy and really hard to get off the windshield .
I drove with my window open so I could see . "
Said iReporter Josue Rendon : " The scene was chilling .
All night , it was raining sand ! "
The volcanic ash led to some traffic mishaps , Rendon said .
" The houses in Guatemala City were not damaged , but all the streets are filled with sand , " he wrote in English .
" Have been reported several traffic accidents due to skidding of cars . "
Another iReporter expressed his concern .
Luis Morales , 27 , said he lives in a Guatemala City neighborhood called Villa Hermosa , about 10 miles from the volcano .
" I 'm worried for all the families that remain at the volcano area , " he said .
i Reporters are CNN viewers who share their images and stories .
Pacaya had been dormant for a century until 1965 , when it erupted again .
It has been active since .
Its summit has an elevation of 8,373 feet ( 2,552 meters ) .
Pacaya was the first of two volcanoes to erupt in Latin American since Thursday .
Ecuador 's Tungurahua volcano , which has erupted periodically since 1999 , came to life again Friday .
Residents of two nearby villages were evacuated , but there were no reports of deaths or injuries .
CNN 's Gustavo Valdes and journalists Bertha Ramos - Rodriguez and Alexia Rios Hayashi contributed to this report .
Forget that May 3rd deadline for comments .
The Federal Communications Commission is stopping its 6 - month clock to have more time to review the Comcast / GE / NBCU deal .
Specifically , the FCC is demanding that Comcast file two economic reports which the FCC ’s staff says it needs .
The FCC filing says one report is on the “ claimed benefits of the transaction ” , while the other addresses “ the potential impacts of the transaction on online video distribution . ”
The FCC also said it is extending the May 3rd deadline for comments on the deal because of the lack of more info .
Now all parties pro and con will have more time to state their positions .
“ The commission has a strong interest in ensuring a full and complete record , and we believe this action will ensure that all parties will have sufficient time to review and comment on the applications , including these supplemental materials , and will ultimately contribute to the efficient and expeditious review of the proposed transaction , ” the FCC stated .
This delay could possibly wreck Comcast ’s and GE ’s hoped - for timetable of getting the federal regulatory review done by end of 2010 .
But I say , Hurrah !
Because , finally , the FCC is now under Democratic control and demonstrating it is intent on truly scrutinizing these Big Media mergers and acquisitions after a decade of Republican leadership which never met a Big Media conglomeration deal it did n’t like .
Immediately , Comcast issued this groveling ( and meaningless ) statement : “ We look forward to working with the Commission to submit the additional information they ’ve requested .
We know they want to conduct a thorough and expeditious review of this transaction and we ’ll be submitting these reports as soon as possible .
We understand and agree in this case with the Commission ’s desire to have a full comment period on key documents submitted by the applicants . ”
Doc Compton ’s “ Need It , Keep It ” Chain Letter Makes Giving a Viral Sensation
Doc Compton , of McKinney , Texas ( a Dallas suburb ) has created a chain reaction in giving that starts with a single dollar .
You know those scammy chain letters , insisting that if you send $ 1 to one person on the list , you ’ll receive $ 50 from other people in the chain ?
Doc Compton ’s mission is pretty much the exact opposite of that : he ’s been passing out letters to strangers with a single dollar bill enclosed , asking them to pay it forward .
“ If you need it , keep it , ” the letter says .
Otherwise , simply pass it on to someone else who could use the money — and , if you ’re able to , add a dollar of your own to the envelope .
The “ Need it , Keep It ” chain letter is the McKinney , Texas entrepreneur ’s attempt to make the act of giving go viral .
“ There are so many things that go viral , so many inane things with no social impact , ” Compton told The Dallas Morning News .
“ I thought , ‘ What if we could make something like this go viral and get big and in so doing change some people ? ’
It ’s not about the money ; it ’s not about whose hands the money ultimately lands in .
It ’s about the hands along the way that get to experience the gift of giving . ”
Compton came up with the idea for the letter last month , after giving $ 10 to a couple who could n’t afford to buy their lunch , and recognizing the impact that had on both him and the couple .
But six years ago , he was on the receiving end of an amazing act of generosity .
In 2004 , Compton got divorced .
Not long after that , he lost his job as an investment banker .
“ It was pretty grim at my house , ” he said .
But that Christmas , an acquaintance pulled up to his house with a car full of gift - wrapped presents for his children , and one gift for him : an envelope containing $ 2,500 .
She told him that she ’d told others about his story , and they ’d all donated money to help him and his children have a good Christmas .
From that day on , Compton vowed to pay that kindness on to others .
Even though a single dollar is n’t enough to change most people ’s lives , the act of receiving it can have a huge impact on struggling individuals , such as Tracy and Darrell Bruce , a couple who ’ve been approached by Compton .
Both Tracy and Darrell had been laid off in the last year , and were struggling to find the money to pay their mortgage .
Compton ’s gift was a serendipitous surprise .
“ The first thing out of his mouth was , ‘ I want to give you money with no strings attached , ’ ” said Tracy .
“ Before I even opened it , I had tears in my eyes . ”
Even though the dollar itself would n’t go far , she took it as a sign that everything would be okay — and she ’s saving it for the day that she can add to the envelope and pass it on to someone who needs it even more .
So far Compton has passed out 100 envelopes containing his message and a dollar bill , and he ’s hopeful that the recipients will keep the chain going .
But the giving momentum is already growing : he ’s created a website with the letter ’s text , so that individuals can pass out their own “ Need It , Keep It ” letters .
Already , a visitor to the website ’s guestbook has written to say that the letter has been translated into Dutch , and is spreading throughout The Netherlands .
Sounds like Compton could have a worldwide phenomenon on his hands .
Want to get involved ?
Check out the website and the Facebook page .
Captured at 700 frames by second , the following video shows a bunch of people getting shot by what will probably go down in history as the most awesome and epic invention of the 21st century : a cupcake cannon .
Enjoy !
[ Via BoingBoing ]
Prague , Czech Republic , November 28th – The wait is over .
Keen Software House just released Miner Wars 2081 , the most anticipated 6DOF survival space simulation shooter .
Miner Wars 2081 is now available worldwide through all major digital channels , including Steam , GameStop , GamersGate , Desura and www.MinerWars.com
Miner Wars 2081 is a 6DOF ( six degrees of freedom ) action - survival space - shooter simulation - game set in the year 2081 , 10 years after the destruction of all planetary objects in the Solar System .
Player operates an advanced mining ship in a fully destructible and open - world environment , which remains persistent as he completes missions or plays online with others .
Realism and survival are key aspects of gameplay .
“ From day one , I have been pushing myself and everyone in the team to make the best 6DOF ( six degrees of freedom ) gaming experience of our lives and I 'm incredibly proud of my team and our supportive community .
Together we have achieved this goal . ” said Marek Rosa , CEO and Creative Director of Keen Software House , author of Miner Wars 2081 .
We tried to push boundaries of innovation on many fronts - first by developing our own voxel engine VRAGE , allowing us to present fully destructible and persistent environment , set in an open world area containing the whole Solar System , then by polishing intuitiveness of the game controls .
We believe that good gameplay starts with immersion and you achieve that only if the game reacts exactly how player expects it .
Miner Wars 2081 is just the first piece in what we want to become a large Miner Wars universe .
In this first title we focused on the journey of two brothers , Marcus and Apollo Rainier .
Trying to uncover what they expect to be a groundbreaking discovery leading to ancient times , they travel through the whole Solar System , visit vastly different sectors , and cooperate to fight with warring factions .
In a desperate attempt Apollo is forced to seek the help of the dark side – The Fourth Reich .
We believe that players will enjoy the immersion and story , which is supported by heavyweight musical lineup and professional voice acting .
“ Releasing Miner Wars 2081 is the culminating point of my work in the last three years .
I am very happy that now I can start focusing on our next projects .
I am full of ideas and Miner Wars 2081 just scratched the surface of what can we achieve with our in - house engine - VRAGE .
Miner Wars MMO will blow your minds ;
Also I ca n’t overlook that the community demands for the continuation of the story and gameplay introduced in Miner Wars 2081 . ” said Marek Rosa as he jumps in excitement .
“ I personally want to thank to our community for supporting as for all these years , keeping our forums troll / hater - free and especially for helping us to get through Steam Greenlight ” said Marek Rosa .
6DOF ( six degrees of freedom ) games are back baby !
Miner Wars 2081 is also available in retail stores in Czech and Slovak Republic .
Players may expect an update with Czech localization .
EXCLUSIVE LAUNCH FOOTAGE :
Intro : Youtu.be or : Mirror1.minerwars.com
Launch trailer : Youtu.be or : Mirror1.minerwars.com
WHERE TO PURCHASE ?
* Steam : Store.steampowered.com
* GameStop : Impulsedriven.com
* GamersGate : Gamersgate.com
* Desura : Indiedb.com
* Directly from the developer : MinerWars.com
Free demo available at Minerwars.com
Everyone who owns a copy of Miner Wars 2081 ( pre-ordered or future purchase at minerwars.com or any other place ) can retrieve their Steam key at Minerwars.com
FOLLOW US :
* Twitter.com
* Facebook.com
* Youtube.com
* MinerWars.com
Facebook has found itself facing some tough choices when it comes to the direction of the company , specifically revolving around user privacy .
As most Netizens know , Facebook has faced harsh criticism in recent months — which may be coming to a head after having built up slowly over the years — regarding how it handles user information .
Now , the company is left deciding whether it wants to revert to its old principles and go against founder Mark Zuckerberg 's policy of forging ahead , privacy be damned .
Facebook public policy head Tim Sparapani said in a radio interview Tuesday that the company was working on simplifying its privacy controls because of user complaints about their complexity .
" I think we are going to work on that .
We are going to be providing options for users who want simplistic bands of privacy that they can choose from and I think we will see that in the next couple of weeks , " he said .
Sparapani's utterances come on the heels of Facebook working to fix a privacy bug , discovered by Alert Logic earlier this week , one that allowed attackers to expose private information on a user 's profile .
The flaw was as simple as sending users a specially crafted link which , when clicked , would modify the user 's privacy settings .
But despite these fixes and potential tweaks to Facebook 's settings , users have found themselves on a very different site than the one they used even a year ago .
( And for those of us who have used Facebook since 2004 , it may as well be a completely different company . )
What happened to Facebook being the only social network to actually protect user information and leave everything opt - in instead of opt-out ?
Now , Facebook is widely known for putting user information at risk , making too many settings public by default , and for not sufficiently educating users on how to keep their information private .
Luckily , there are now third - party tools that help users patch up their Facebook settings , such as the incredibly helpful bookmarklet from Reclaim Privacy that lets users see what their settings are and change them automatically .
These tools should n't be necessary , however .
Users should have everything private by default and be able to change their settings so that things are more public based on their own comfort level , not the other way around .
It 's unlikely that such a user - friendly utopia will arrive anytime soon , though , especially given Zuckerberg 's now - legendary disregard for privacy .
According to insiders speaking to the Wall Street Journal , Zuckerberg has occasionally overruled others within Facebook who have argued that information should remain private by default .
He has also historically resisted implementing some of the simpler universal controls that Facebook is currently considering .
That said , Zuckerberg was the one who called last week 's company meeting to discuss the current state of Facebook privacy and user trust , so it 's possible that he 's beginning to warm to the idea of giving users what they want .
We asked Facebook to confirm whether it had some changes in the offing .
" We have heard from our users that our efforts to provide granular control have made things too complex , " Facebook spokesperson Andrew Noyes told Ars via e-mail .
" Of course we ’re working on responding to these concerns but we do n’t have anything further to announce . "
The clock is ticking on the social networking giant .
The complaints are building up , users are starting to defect , and the FTC may soon get involved .
Facebook can't afford not to make changes .
If you want to follow their lead , allow me to present five things you must do if you want to use your cheap magician skills to convince the world you have real psychic powers .
Somehow these people had been able to turn the sentence " Here 's a neat trick that will amuse your family and friends " into " Here 's a way to pretend you have God - like powers and convince crowds of credulous and needy people to give you their money . "
For them , that three dollar book certainly paid for itself .
I got into magic at the age of five .
I stopped thinking psychics were real at the age of five - and - a - half .
Mainly because most of them were doing tricks I had just read in the colorful magic book I had bought for three dollars the week before .
5 Much , Much Less , is Much , Much More
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
There 's an old adage that goes , " If it goes up , it 's a trick .
If it goes across , it 's real . "
Basically it means the more impressive a trick looks , the less convinced most people will be that it 's real .
For example , if a magician makes a crumpled ball of paper float up a meter into the air , do somersaults and then float back down , the audience knows there is obviously invisible thread or some other nefarious gimmick in use .
If however , a psychic stares at the crumpled up paper ball for two minutes , straining to summon all of their psychic powers and then finally it moves three inches across the table , they figure it must be the real deal .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Of course , according to the laws of physics , making a ball of paper move one inch with the power of thought is exactly as impossible as making the entire Statue of Liberty disappear .
This is based on a principal of magic called " the too perfect theory . "
It means deliberately weakening a trick to make it more believable .
For example , if a magician is going to pretend to be psychic and predict three headlines that will appear in the next day 's newspaper , then seal the predictions in an envelope to be revealed after the events , they will almost always deliberately get one wrong .
Predicting only two of the three correctly makes them seem suitably psychic and amazing , while not crossing the boundary that will make people suspicious .
Kind of like when a kid cheats on a test , he 'll always get a couple of answers intentionally wrong to throw the teacher off the scent .
Lars Vilks , the Swedish cartoonist who drew Mohammed as a dog , was recently told that a scheduled lecture on free speech , to be held at Jönköping Högskolan , would be canceled due to " security concerns . "
This , of course , is a common evasion , intended to protect the brittle sensibilities of Muslim students while supposedly standing four square behind the right of free speech .
Alas , the administrators in Jönköping had a point .
During a lecture in Uppsala today Vilks was attacked by a pack of feral fundamentalists , one of whom managed to headbutt the artist and break his glasses .
Police intervened and waged a short battle with the religious nutters who can be heard in the video below , captured by the newspaper UNT , shouting Allahu Akbar !
The AP has a quick report , explaining that " Uppsala University spokeswoman Pernilla Bjork said Vilks was showing a provocative film with sexual content to the crowd when the attacker ran up and hit him in the face with his fists . "
Let 's go to the videotape :
The law does not authorize the Department of Homeland Security to regulate or penalize the publication of sensitive transportation security - related information on private websites , the Department advised Congress ( pdf ) recently .
Last December , the Transportation Security Administration inadvertently posted a manual marked “ sensitive security information ” that described procedures for screening of airline passengers .
Following its discovery , the manual was removed from government websites , but it had already been mirrored on non-governmental websites that continue to host the document .
What is DHS going to do about that ? , several members of Congress wanted to know .
The answer is this : nothing .
“ How has the Department of Homeland Security and the Transportation Security Administration addressed the repeated reposting of this security manual to other websites and what legal action , if any , can be taken to compel its removal ? ” wrote Reps. Peter T. King ( R - NY ) , Charles W. Dent ( R - PA ) and Gus M. Bilirakis ( R - FL ) on December 9 ( pdf ) .
“ No action has been initiated by the agency to address reposting on other web sites , ” DHS replied in a February 7 response that was released this month under the Freedom of Information Act .
Existing “ statutes do not provide specific authority to remedy the dissemination of SSI [ sensitive security information ] by noncovered persons [ who are not subject to DHS jurisdiction ] . ”
If Congress wanted to try to compel removal of such material from public websites , DHS said , “ specific new statutory authority … would be necessary to provide enhanced legal support to pursue the full range of civil and criminal remedies against unauthorized dissemination of SSI by persons who are not covered persons as defined by 49 C.F.R. § 1520.7 . ”
Im beschaulichen süddeutschen Ort Schopfheim und drumrum wurde schon einmal Geschichte geschrieben .
Schopfheim war einer der ( Neben - ) Schauplätze des Heckeraufstandes von 1848 .
Gewiss , die Karenzzeit war lang , aber nun drängen die Schopfheimer umso vehementer zurück ins Blickfeld der staunenden Öffentlichkeit .
Revolutionäre Ansätze sind ihnen heute allerdings fremd .
Der moderne Schopfheimer verteidigt Recht , Ordnung und Sicherheit – und das sogar zu nachtschlafener Zeit .
Gegen 21.30
Uhr erblickten ruhelose Schopfheimer , wie ein Mann dem Bimmeln des Nachtwächters keine Beachtung schenkte , sich stattdessen zu Fuß und mit einem Laptop durch die Straßen bewegte .
Schnell keimte der Verdacht , hier wolle sich jemand in offene Funknetzwerke einklinken , um gratis über fremde Zufahrten in diesem Interdings zu surfen .
Die beherzten Bürger sprangen aus ihren Häusern , stellten den Täter und holten auch gleich ein Geständnis ein .
Der Polizei blieb nur , die Personalien aufzunehmen , das Notebook zu beschlagnahmen , den Bürgern für ihre Tatkraft zu danken und nochmals darauf hinzuweisen , dass weltoffene Schopfheimer ihre WLANs zu verschlüsseln haben .
Neues aus Schopfheim in 150 Jahren .
( Artikel im Südkurier / via Jens Ferner )
Even Sidney Crosby was impressed with the Montreal Canadiens .
How could he not be ?
The team had just stunned his favoured Pittsburgh Penguins 5 - 2 in Game 7 of the second - round series when he came to his 2007 world championship teammate , Mike Cammalleri , in the handshake line on Wednesday .
" Great series , Cammy .
Keep on going , " Crosby uttered .
That 's just what the Canadiens plan to do after their surprising run to the Eastern Conference final , their first trip this far since winning the 1993 Stanley Cup .
They will play the winner of the Philadelphia Flyers - Boston Bruins series , which has been extended to a seventh - game finale on Friday .
First , the upstarts from Montreal knocked off Alexander Ovechkin and the Washington Capitals two weeks ago , now Crosby and the defending Stanley Cup champs have been sent packing .
Crosby was held to a goal and four assists in the series .
He was n't hurt and he was n't exhausted from all the hockey the Canadian Olympic hero has played in the past 23 months .
The better team in the series finale simply won .
" I 'm not going to sit here and complain about playing Stanley Cup finals and Olympic gold - medal games , " Crosby said .
" That 's a good problem to have and you have to deal with it .
There are times when it is a grind and you have to deal with it .
" By no means is that any excuse or any reason for anything .
I would never blame that on anything .
Those are great things to be a part of and you have to find a way to still produce and be successful . "
Led by their outstanding goalie , Jaroslav Halak , and opportunistic scoring , the too small and too soft Canadiens stepped up at the right time .
" We outchanced them 2 - to - 1 for six games , " Crosby said .
" I do n't believe it ever got away from us .
I think looking back at series , you look back at Game 4 and we have the lead there and we get a couple of bad breaks and maybe things would have been different then .
But you can always look back .
" It 's easy to be a Monday morning quarterback .
It came down to execution and it came down to one game , that 's basically it .
They played better and , unfortunately , we did not play well . "
This was the final game at Mellon Arena .
The Habs won the first NHL game there back in October 1967 and the final game on Wednesday .
Some Penguins fans stayed to watch a scoreboard video tribute after the loss , but the hundred or so Montreal fans almost drowned out the farewell with the Habs victory song , " Ole , Ole , Ole . "
" I can't imagine what St. Catharine Street is like right now , " said Cammalleri , in reference to the celebration that was going on back in Montreal .
" I'm a little too overwhelmed right now , " remarked Cammalleri , when asked what the turning point was in the series finale .
' We 're only halfway there '
The Habs built a 4 - 0 lead before the second period was six minutes old .
First , it was Brian Gionta on the power play , then Cammalleri with his 12th in 14 playoff games .
Dominic Moore scored in the second period and shortly after Travis Moen added a shorthanded goal to chase Penguins goalie Marc - Andre Fleury ( four goals on 13 shots ) .
Montreal sat back and the Penguins checked in with goals from Chris Kunitz and Jordan Staal , but after the Canadiens killed off a critical 4 - on - 3 situation early in the third , the Canadiens were on their way .
Gionta added another power - play goal midway through the final period .
Scoring twice with the man-advantage and going 6 - for - 6 on the penalty kill certainly helped the Canadiens ' cause .
" We have some special guys on this team , " Cammalleri said .
" It 's been a lot of fun to be part of ... but we 're only halfway there . "
This was supposed to be a team that was too small , built more for 4 - on - 4 regular - season overtimes and shootouts .
But the Habs squeezed into the final playoff spot in the East by gaining a point in an overtime loss in their regular - season finale against the Toronto Maple Leafs and have kept on truckin ' since .
" I know everybody is talking about Cinderella and everything , but everyone is pulling together and we felt the whole time that deep down we were better , " said Montreal forward Scott Gomez , who has two Stanley Cup rings from his days with the New Jersey Devils .
" First of all , people have to understand that it 's not the old days .
It 's not like No. 1 and No. 8 used to be with the salary cap and all .
From Day 1 , we looked around at the guys in the room and we thought ' Wow , this could be a really good team . '
Then , injuries happened .
It took us a while to find our way .
" We 've been playing Game 7s , it seems for the last two months .
We needed to win .
We found ways to get into the playoffs .
Once you get in , you never know .
Not one time did we think it was No. 1 and No. 8 . It 's easy to say now , but we believed .
It does n't matter how big you are , heart goes a long way . "
It also does n't hurt to have a goalie like Halak .
He made another 37 saves for the win .
" At this point , is it a great game or a good game , " Cammalleri said .
" We expect it from him and we 're going to need it to continue if we want to keep going . "
We ’re expecting to see Sony and Intel do a 3 - man tag with Google tomorrow at Google I/O to show off their new Android - based , Sony - built , Atom - powered TVs ( man , that ’s a diverse partnership ) , and now we ’ve come across a year - old patent that Sony filed that may give us a preview of what we can expect to see tomorrow .
The images and their descriptions tells of a customizable user experience where the viewer can customize the way they view their content .
They can add overlays , frames , captions , and all sorts of things to their media through the TV ’s software .
Another interesting feature described is the ability to create “ cliff note ” version of a video .
The example they provide is if you only want to see the plays in a football game from the ball being snapped to the whistle being blown .
You could then share that cliff - note version and allow others to use it on their own TVs .
None of these ideas may apply to the TV we ’re expecting to see tomorrow , but it ’s worth keeping an eye out on what you see described here .
Are you hoping for some of these features and more to make it into Sony ’s news product ?
I believe in the value of the fundamentals , but it sometimes seems like I am the only one .
I am firmly of the opinion that the key to true mastery and expertise in software development ( and in everything else ) lies in having a solid grip on the fundamentals , so solid that you do n’t really need to think when you apply them .
Whenever I trot this opinion out , however , I inevitably find myself in the minority .
You see , we – software developers – view ourselves as problem solvers .
We do n’t really need to have deep knowledge and understanding of anything ( and with the amount of tech we ’re exposed to on a daily basis it is pretty much impossible anyway ) .
As long as we know that something exists , we can always infer , look - up and work - out everything we need to be able to use it .
This attitude is fine , but I believe it is wrong to apply it when it comes to fundamental knowledge , and this is where many people seem to disagree with me – to my constant amazement .
Before looking at this further , let us define what fundamental knowledge actually is .
What Are Fundamentals
A couple of years ago I was asked the following question in an interview .
Explain how optimistic locking works , in the context of Hibernate .
At the time I had done a bit of work with Hibernate , but I was by no means an expert , so I drew a complete blank .
What a total FAIL on my part that was , because optimistic locking is not really a Hibernate - centric idea , it is a fundamental concurrency control concept .
I should have been able to fire - off an explanation of optimistic locking in general and I would have been 90 % of the way there ( regarding how it works within Hibernate ) .
Here is how I like to look at it .
There are fundamentals at the macro level and at the micro level .
At the macro level ( i.e. looking at software development as a whole ) there are concepts , algorithms and knowledge that will be applicable no matter the type of work you ’re doing or the domain you ’re working in .
We ’re talking things like arrays , hashes , trees , sorting , searching , some graph algorithms , caching , certain object oriented concepts and yes , even things like lazy loading and optimistic locking .
There are a few others , but surprisingly not that many .
You need to know these things backwards .
The implications of using them on small and large data sets , common problems they apply to , limitations and how to overcome them etc .
You will be playing with these every day , for the rest of your career ; surely you owe it to yourself to understand them as deeply as you possibly can .
Yet , most people have at best a working knowledge , which has remained at approximately the same level since university .
At the micro level ( i.e. looking at a specific technology , language or library ) , there will be API details , tools and quirks that you have to internalise fully in order to be truly effective .
When I started learning Ruby , I read all sorts of books and blog posts .
I found out about various techniques , tools , gems etc .
Did any of it make a significant impact on the quality of my code or how fast I was able to write it ?
Not really , at least not that you would notice , beyond the natural improvements that you would expect from continued usage .
Then , at one point , I spent a couple of hours closely looking at the API of the Array class , I do n’t remember what my reasons were , but all of a sudden , I noticed myself coding faster and able to maintain a state of flow for longer .
You see , I did n’t need to look - up much to do with the Array class any more , I was really surprised at how much of a difference that made ( but if you think about how often we use / manipulate arrays , it is not actually that surprising ) .
You know what my advice would be to someone just starting to learn Ruby ?
Arrays , Hashes , Strings and Files – learn their API ’s off by heart as soon as you can , you will find yourself head and shoulders above most other Ruby programmers straight away .
That is micro level fundamentals .
A Solid Understanding
What does it mean to internalise something completely ?
Let ’s take martial arts as an example .
You can pick up some books and read all of them .
You can have someone show you all the moves and can even try some of them out a couple of times .
Does that make you an expert martial artist ?
Not by a long shot , for that you need to practice , and keep practicing until muscle memory kicks in and the moves become second nature to you .
You ’ve internalised them .
More than that , you do n’t spend hours practicing complex combinations ( not initially anyway ) , you spend your time working on basic movements , complex moves are made up of basic ones and if you have those down solid , it is a short step to be able to combine the simple moves to perform the more complex ( my apologies to any real martial artists if I ’ve oversimplified anything ) .
Yet , in software , most of us are just like that fan - boy amateur martial artist .
We bite off a little bit of Ruby , then some Javascript , moving on to C# and coming back for a taste of Rails , then , back in Java land we take - in just enough Spring to get by and only as much Hibernate as we need to list it as a skill on the resume .
We jump from technology to technology , wanting to know and be aware of everything ( so we do n’t fall behind ) , but all the while , we would probably have been better off practicing our “ basic moves ” .
It does n’t matter how many object oriented languages you know , if you ’re not precisely sure what coupling , cohesion or abstraction means , your code is likely to be equally crappy in all of them .
It does n’t matter how many inversion of control containers you have used , if you do n’t know what problem dependency injection is trying to solve , then you ’re just another sheep ready to follow the leader off a cliff ( it ’s true , sheep will actually do that ) .
There is a difference between really understanding something and learning just enough to get by ( i.e. having a working knowledge ) .
It is usually ok to only have a working knowledge of most of the tech you use day - to - day ; there is simply no need to have a deep understanding of the hundreds of libraries and technologies you deal with .
The reason it is ok though , is because it ’s assumed that you will have a solid understanding of the fundamental principles that all this tech is built upon .
You do n’t need to know the specifics of the Hibernate or ActiveRecord implementation if you understand how lazy loading , or optimistic locking works .
If you have MVC down , then whether you ’re using Struts or Rails makes no difference , it ’s just an implementation detail .
Basically , a good rule of thumb is , the more fundamental the concept the more solid your knowledge of it should be .
It ’s the whole , solid house – solid foundation thing .
I sometimes think that a generalist with really solid fundamentals could pass for an expert almost every time .
Have you ever seen someone walk up to a keyboard , start coding and not stop for 10 , 15 , 20 minutes , no need to refer to anything ?
Impressive is n’t it ?
They seem to produce an amazing amount of useful code in a very short period time and when they leave people whisper the word genius .
But there is nothing genius about it , just someone who took the time to learn the micro level fundamentals in that particular area – the rest was just practice .
You can do the same , get your macro and micro level fundamentals down solid , after that it ’s all about strategic practice , but that is a story for another post .
To me , all this just makes a whole lot of sense .
I would have thought it would make just as much sense to everyone else and yet I constantly find people to disagree with me on this point – it ’s really quite puzzling :) .
Images by thivierr and antonychammond
May 30 , 2007 .
Watch Señor Bill Gates describing the future of computing , with Apple CEO Steve Jobs next to him :
An iPad - like device being used alongside an iPhone - like device .
Then watch Jobs saying that , actually , the future was the PC .
Advertisement
First , Bill Gates ' idea of the future of computing :
I do n't think you 'll have one device .
I think you 'll have a full - screen device that you can carry around and you 'll do dramatically more reading off of that ... yeah , I mean , I believe in the tablet form factor [...]
You 'll have some way of having a hardware keyboard and some settings for that .
And then you 'll have the device that fits in your pocket , which the whole notion of how much function should you combine in there , you know , there 's navigation computers , there 's media , there 's phone .
Advertisement
Nowadays , Steve Jobs agrees with this vision .
He thinks that the iPad is the future and the traditional PC is dying .
Like he told Ryan Tate : " The times are a changin ' , and some traditional PC folks feel like their world is slipping away . "
Steve Jobs Offers World ' Freedom From Porn '
I did n't plan to pick a fight with Steve Jobs last night .
It just sort of happened : An iPad … Read more
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Back in 2007 , however , he believed otherwise :
It will be the PC , maybe used a little more tightly coupled with some back - end Internet services and some things like that .
And , of course , PCs are going mobile in an ever greater degree .
So I think the PC is going to continue .
This general purpose device is going to continue to be with us and morph with us , whether it's a tablet or a notebook or , you know , a big curved desktop that you have at your house or whatever it might be .
So I think that 'll be something that most people have , at least in this society .
In others , maybe not , but certainly in this one .
But then there 's an explosion that 's starting to happen in what you call post - PC devices , right ?
You can call the iPod one of them .
There 's a lot of things that are not .
…
I think there 's just a category of devices that are n't as general purpose , that are really more focused on specific functions , whether they 're phones or iPods or Zunes or what have you .
And I think that category of devices is going to continue to be very innovative and we 're going to see lots of them .
Advertisement
In a way , you can argue that the iPad and the iPhone are personal computers .
PCs evolved into different form factors , with different UI paradigms .
But that 's not what Steve Jobs meant back then .
To the question about what device will be the future of computing , Jobs clearly answers " it will be the PC , maybe used a little more tightly coupled with some back - end Internet services and some things like that . "
It 's not surprising .
Back then , he was always repeating the same message :
The PC as the digital hub , the center of our digital lives , with specialized devices like the iPod orbiting around it .
That was Apple 's marketing message at the time .
Only a few months later , the iPhone changed that vision .
And the iPhone or the iPad are anything but specialized devices around the PC .
They have a life on their own .
They are general purpose computing devices in a phone and tablet format .
Jobs later pointed this out :
We 're getting to the point where everything 's a computer in a different form factor .
So what , right ?
So what if it 's built with a computer inside it ?
It does n't matter .
It 's , what is it ?
How do you use it ?
You know , how does the consumer approach it ?
And so who cares what 's inside it anymore
Advertisement
That 's true .
But it 's funny to see that , back then , Bill Gates was the one truly believing in a future beyond the PC , while Jobs was still playing the " PC as the digital hub " tune .
I wonder if the latter ever anticipated the iPhone effect .
If only I had a time machine .
I could go back to 2007 and send him an email asking him about it .
An email sent from my iPad . [ Thanks Daniel Smith ! ]
JOHNSTOWN , Pa. —
Like the die - hard fans of the fictional Charlestown Chiefs in the movie “ Slap Shot , ” which was filmed here in 1976 , supporters of the minor league Johnstown Chiefs have reason to be angry with the team ’s owners .
One of those fans , Anthony Furfari , has been a season - ticket holder since 1989 - 90 , the Chiefs ’ second season in this down - on - its - luck city 60 miles east of Pittsburgh .
He shapes his vacation time around hockey season , and even though he lost his job five years ago as a grocery store clerk , he scrounges up the money to hold on to his $ 14.50 - per - game seats , attending as many games as possible .
“ This place is special to me ; I went to games here as a kid , ” Furfari , 51 , said Saturday night as he walked into Cambria County War Memorial Arena wearing the blue - and - yellow jersey of the Johnstown Jets , the team that inspired the movie but that folded in 1977 , the year the film was released .
Next season , Furfari will have to rely on his memory to get his hockey fix .
Saturday was the Johnstown Chiefs ’ last game , a lackluster 5 - 3 loss to the Elmira Jackals before a sellout crowd of 4,017 .
We decided to just hang around the house this weekend , I 'm a bit tired , and it is just too hot ......
We did n't even feel like going to the market , so we decided to just eat what we had in the frig and lying around a la Charsiubao .
Problem was , we did n't have much ......... just some leftovers , and 1 lonely potato .
So what to do with a potato ?
I decided to make Sichuan Stir Fried Potato Strings .
If you 're not familiar with this dish , it may seem a bit odd ...... potatoes and Chinese cuisine would seem to be a bit of a leap .
I thought so myself when I first saw this on a menu several years back .
It was on the menu in a Shenyang restaurant in the San Gabriel Valley .
I ordered it , and the Missus thought I was nuts .
She told me , " you know this is just poor people home style food , right ? "
Being the carb lover , I enjoyed the texture of crunchy stir fried potatoes and the flavor of the sour vinegar and spicy chilies .
After that I started noticing the dish on the menu off most Sichuan restaurants in the area .
In Sichuan restaurants , the potatoes are served and eaten as a stir fried vegetable .... in other words , it is consumed with rice !
You gotta love that !
So here 's the version I made tonight .
I used Chinkiang Vinegar because I enjoy the flavor , but if you want the potatoes to be a bit more attractive you can use white vinegar .
The taste will be a bit different .
Also , many Sichuan restaurants will not use vinegar , but the Missus , being from Sandong , loves vinegar .
I love the numbing heat provided by the Sichuan Peppercorn , most restaurants will use whole peppercorn , but I enjoy using peppercorns that I 've roasted and ground .... it provides a nice numbing effect .
Think of the dish as being a ma - la ( numbing hot ) version of Salt and Vinegar Shoestring Potatoes .
As always , it is a pretty easy dish ...... I really do n't make anything too difficult .
Sichuan Stir Fried Potato Strings ( qiang tu dou si )
1 Potato
3 - 6 Dried Red Chilies
1 tsp Sichuan Pepper ( whole or roasted and ground )
1/2- 1 tsp Sugar
1 tsp Black Vinegar ( Use white vinegar if you want a whiter color )
1 tsp Sesame Oil ( optional )
Salt to taste
Oil for cooking
Peel potatoes and slice into " matchsticks " , soak in lightly salted cold water ( this will prevent the potato from turning brown as well as remove excess starch )
Heat wok over medium heat , drain potatoes well .
Add 2 - 3 Tb
Oil to wok , and swirl around , add red chilies and if using whole Sichuan peppercorns add it as well .
Once you can smell the fragrance of the Sichuan peppercorns and chilies , add the potatoes .
Stir fry the potatoes for 3 - 4 minutes then add the sugar and vinegar .
When the potatoes are cooked and al dente in texture , taste and add salt if necessary , remove from heat and add sesame oil if desired .
A quick pickle :
I also had 3 large cucumbers , so I decided to do a really quick pickle .
3 - 4 Cucumbers
1 Tb Salt
1 Tb Sugar
3/4 Cup White vinegar
3/4 Cup Sugar
1/4 Cup Soy Sauce
4 - 6 Dried Red Chilies
1 - 2 Cloves Garlic Crushed
Sichuan Pepper salt
Peel cucumbers , and slice in half lengthwise .
Scoop out seeds using a spoon , and slice in thin " half - moons " .
Place cucumber slices in a bowl , add salt and sugar , mix , and let stand for about 1 hour .
Combine vinegar , sugar , soy sauce , garlic , a dried red chilies is a small pot , and simmer until sugar is dissolved .
Set aside and let cool .
Once liquid is cooled , drain slices of cucumber well , and add to liquid .
Chill for at least 2 hours .
Serve with Sichuan Pepper - Salt .
This pickle is best eaten the same day .
Sichuan Pepper - Salt :
In a dry pan , combine 1 Tb of Sichuan Peppercorns with 3 Tb Sea / Kosher Salt .
( Think a 3 to one ratio )
Roast salt - peppercorn mixture over low flame until fragrant .
I always know that my Sichuan Peppercorn are ready when they start to " pop " .
Remove immediately from heat , and grind .
I hope everyone had a great Labor Day weekend .
We 'll be back with more restaurant posts tomorrow !
Welcome to your one stop shop for all information surrounding Top Game Casinos .
Perhaps you are looking for more information surrounding this new brand casino , or perhaps even online casinos in general .
Regardless as to why you are visiting this site , know that you will find one of the largest repositories of information pertaining to online casinos that operate through the Top Game Casino software .
Top Game provides one of the more graphically beautiful gaming experiences , as well as some of the best odds of the casino games on the market .
Top Game 's service is also fairly exclusive , so not that many of the online casinos are currently operating under their software .
They have done this in order to preserve their quality across the board , as well as make it easy to for players to experience the amenities of a live , land based casino as if they were actually on the gaming floor .
Because this software is new , we list only the best and most trusted Top Game casinos for you to look at .
We do have a page for all the new Top Game casinos for those that would like a list of all of them , but we recommend that you stay with one of our top picks .
Best Top Game Casinos
Seeing as how we are trying to cover every facet of the Top Game Casinos , we eventually came to the creation of many Top Game Casino Reviews for all of the best Top Game casinos .
These reviews have looked into each of the worth while casinos in great detail in order to find out what these casinos hold in store for future and existing players .
Reviews cover bonuses and promotions , the games available , as well as deposit methods .
We have even looked into the customer service department of each of these casinos .
Top Game has no short supply of great casinos , which is why we have taken to the ones we deem worthy and subsequently outlined their services .
Rome Casino - $ 9,000 Bonus
Rome Casino is one of the best on the market , and is essentially the flag ship of the Top Game Casinos .
Rome Casino offers players up to $ 9,000 dollars in bonus funds , which is a promotion that is completely exclusive to our service .
Rome Casino offers this bonus with the promotional code 9000 FREE , which can be can be used to collect a 500 % match on the first bonus , a 300 % match on the second bonus , and a 100 % match on the third bonus .
These promotions carry limits of $ 1,500 , $ 2,500 , and $ 5,000 dollars .
Rome Casino accepts multiple deposit methods , so funding your account will never be a problem .
Visit Rome Casino
DiceLand Casino
DiceLand Casino is another of the Top Game Casinos that we have fallen in love with .
DiceLand offers up ten different deposit bonuses , giving players a 100 % match to $ 1,000 dollars .
Up to $ 9,999 can be collected in free cash , which is good for many of the games found through their casino .
Slots , video poker , blackjack , and much more can all be found through DiceLand .
American Express , UseMyWallet , eWalletXpress , Click2 Pay , Moneybookers , and EcoCard are the best deposit methods through this casino , which is why we have taken it as one of our own .
Visit Diceland Casino
MayFlower Casino
Mayflower Casino is one of the newest Top Game Casinos to roll off the shelves .
Mayflower has opened up with a 400 % match bonus to $ 1,000 dollars .
The second , third , and fourth bonuses will also give up to $ 1,000 dollars , given with a 100 % match rate .
A large number of gaming choices are available , including video poker , slots , table games , and much more .
Easy deposits can be made with e-wallets , credit cards , and banking methods , making this one of the most versatile , stable , and consistent of all casinos .
Visit MayFlower Casino
Top Game Casino Software
Top Game Casinos are not too far drawn from other brands of casino software .
They carry many of the same features as most of the other brands of casino software , as well as some of their own unique , proprietary additions that they have brought to the industry .
Top Game has gone through great lengths to make their service one of the best on the Internet .
Their software is one of the most powerful on the Internet , delivering some of the most visually stunning games through a stable , consistent client .
Top Game Casino software has been built for quality above anything else , which is why we have chosen it as a subject of intense research .
Top Game Casino Bonuses
Bonuses are an integral part of any online casino , and the Top Game software carries a great number of these bonuses .
You will see some of the hottest bonuses on the market , as the Top Game Casino Bonuses have become some of the largest in the industry .
Many of these bonuses are Top Game Casino Exclusive bonuses , provided to us exclusively .
You will not find them elsewhere .
Some of these Top Game casino bonuses have enabled us to give players some of the rare No Deposit Top Game Casino Bonuses , which will give players free money when they begin to gamble through these gaming centers .
Some of these exclusive bonuses require Top Game Casino Bonus Codes , bonus codes that we will graciously provide you in order to advance your agenda through each of these casinos .
After all , we want to see you win just as we want to see us win .
Top Game Casinos And USA Players
Part of the Top Game quality is the fact that they are accessible to many players around the world .
One set of players that has been ignored by some brands of casino software is that of the American residents .
Top Game and American players are mutually inclusive , as Americans are allowed through each of the Top Game casinos .
Top Game USA Casinosare , as such , easy to find .
In order to easily accommodate these USA players , there are a great number of top Game Casino Deposits available .
Due to their acceptance of USA players , as well as a long list of deposit methods , Many of these gaming centers are considered some of the Best Top Game Casinos .
Top Game Casino Games
Top Game Casinos have one thing that you will want to look out for , and that is their high quality games .
Top Game has provided players with many opportunities to enjoy a wide variety of casino games .
The Top Game Casino Games provide players with the full experience , as they have not missed a beat with their diversity .
The Top Game Casinos Slots are amongst some of our favorites , as these slots have high payouts , great graphics , and diverse themes .
Top Game Casinos Video Poker is also available .
These video poker games cover an entire string of games .
Many of the best variants of video poker can be found through these casinos , including the standards and the bonus games .
Top Game Casinos Blackjack is another fan favorite through the Top Game Casinos , and it has some of the highest odds imaginable .
Top Game was designed with the games in mind , which is why we have made it a point to accentuate the games above most of the other features through these Top Game Casinos .
As an ever changing industry , we have been keeping our eyes on the Top Game brand of software .
The Latest Top Game Casinos have been launching periodically , despite the exclusivity of the software .
Since Top
Game will only give their software to that many casinos , these New Top Game Casinos are typically amongst the best in the industry .
An added perk to each of these new casinos is that of the fact that each one carries integrity and honesty .
The Trusted Top Game Casinos provide players with a safe and secure gambling environment in which the players may truly thrive .
The money is essentially free through Top Game Casinos , which is why we have come to love them .
Go back to the top of Top Game Casinos here .
An American biologist has stepped into the shoes of Baron Frankenstein by breathing life into a bacterium using genes assembled in the laboratory .
The creation of the " synthetic cell " , described as a " landmark " by one British expert , is a 15 - year dream come true for maverick genetics entrepreneur Dr Craig Venter .
It has major implications for genomics , including the manufacture of artificial organisms designed for specific tasks such as making vaccines or cleaning up pollution .
But experts recognise that as Mary Shelley demonstrated in her famous novel , there are potential dangers too .
Synthetic life could , for instance , pave the way to terrifying biological weapons .
Dr Venter 's researchers explain in the journal Science how they effectively " re-booted " a simple microbe by transplanting into it a set of genetic code sequences that were built from scratch .
The genome was copied from the blueprint contained in Mycoplasma mycoides , a simple bacterium that infects cattle and goats .
After first constructing short strands of DNA , the scientists used yeast cells as natural factory assembly lines .
The sequence was built in a step - by - step process .
DNA repair systems in the yeast attached the pieces together , gradually lengthening the strands to finish up with a chromosome more than a million " letters " of genetic code long .
The final test came when the completed chromosome was transplanted into another bacterium , Mycoplasma capricolum , replacing its native DNA .
After a failed first attempt , the scientists brought the cells to life .
Driven by the new genome , the bacteria took on the appearance and behaviour of M. mycoides , generating different proteins and multiplying .
PA
Bestselling epic fantasy author George RR Martin has sent his fans into a frenzy after announcing that he has written 1,261 pages of the long - awaited fifth volume in his Song of Ice and Fire series .
It is five years since Martin published the fourth novel in the epic series , set in a medieval - esque world where a wall of ice protects the land of Westeros , and the wait for A Dance with Dragons has prompted extraordinary levels of anticipation from readers .
Some have even created a poster mimicking the Conservative party 's new campaign , which shows David Cameron promising " vote for us and we 'll ensure A Dance with Dragons is released in 2010 " .
" I seem to have become a Tory campaign issue , " wrote Martin in a message to his publisher .
Fans ' vocal impatience for the next instalment reached such a pitch last year that Martin issued an angry statement to stem a rising tide of anger .
" Some of you are angry about the miniatures , the swords , the resin busts , the games .
You do n't want me ' wasting time ' on those , or talking about them here .
Some of you are angry that I watch football during the fall , " the author wrote .
" Some of you do n't want me attending conventions , teaching workshops , touring and doing promo ...
After all , as some of you like to point out in your emails , I am 60 years old and fat , and you do n't want me to ' pull a Robert Jordan ' on you and deny you your book .
OK , I 've got the message .
You do n't want me doing anything except A Song of Ice and Fire .
Ever .
( Well , maybe it 's OK if I take a leak once in a while ? ) "
Now , the author described as " the American Tolkien " by Time magazine has poked his head above the parapet again , telling fans that A Dance with Dragons has now become the second longest volume in his series , that he 's been knocking off chapters and having " good , productive " days of writing .
Huge excitement ensued from readers , but Martin attempted to douse the flames .
" Jeez , guys .
Calm down , " he said on his blog .
" This is why I hate to do updates .
I say I have good day , and immediately I have 100 people deciding this means that Dance is finished .
I 'm not the oracle at Delphi ...
When I finish Dance , you 'll know it .
I will write something like this : ' I have finished A Dance with Dragons . '
You wo n't need to parse any hints . "
But he failed to calm some readers down .
" Where 's the book , Mr Martin , where 's the book ? :)
Here in Russia we are waiting , and waiting , and waiting , " wrote one of the more eager fans .
Martin is not the only author to come under pressure from avid readers – and the fantasy genre appears to provoke particularly insistent readers .
In his memoir On Writing , Stephen King related how he had been contacted by a sick old woman desperate to find out how his Dark Tower fantasy series ended before she died .
Might King share his ending with her ?
The author said he had to tell her that he himself did n't know what was going to happen in the series , which eventually spanned seven books .
The Robert Jordan referred to by Martin , meanwhile , is the author of the epic Wheel of Time fantasy series .
He died after writing 11 Wheel of Time books , with the series currently being finished by author Brandon Sanderson .
Conan O’Brien kicked off the Turner Entertainment annual upfront presentation at the Hammerstein Ballroom in New York with a song .
The former " Tonight Show " host remixed Willie Nelson ’s " On the Road Again , " changing the lyrics to " I just want to be on my own show again . "
O’Brien is n’t the only one who ’s happy about his new deal with TBS , which brings him back on the air Nov. 8 .
Turner executives gleefully touted Conan ’s move to cable as they unveiled their new schedule and several projects in development .
TNT will be hosting four nights of original programming now that the high - tech drama " Leverage " is moving to Sunday night .
The network will air seven new or returning original series including " Leverage , " " The Closer , " " Saving Grace , " " Dark Blue , " " Memphis Beat , " " Rizzoli & Isles " and " HawthoRNe . "
Ray Romano ’s " Men of a Certain Age " will be returning to the network later this year .
O’Brien is n’t the only NBC refugee who found a home at TNT :
The cop drama " Southland " will be returning to the network in 2011 following its cancellation by the peacock last October .
Turner president Steve Koonin slyly thanked NBC for letting his network snag both shows .
Next year , TNT also will be debuting " Fallen Skies , " the working title for a new series from Steven Spielberg and Noah Wylie , and " Franklin & Bash , " a " buddy lawyer series " starring Breckin Meyer and " Saved by the Bell " alum Mark - Paul Gosselaar .
Sister network TBS will be airing the late - night team of Conan O’Brien and George Lopez in addition to the original series " My Boys , " and " Are We There Yet ? , " a new animated comedy " Neighbors From Hell , " which stars Will Sasso and Molly Shannon as married demons living in suburbia .
TBS also greenlit " Glory Daze , " a new series about college frat life in the ’ 80s starring Tim Meadows as a political science professor .
Both networks also announced several shows that are currently in development .
TNT ’s decision not to continue its syndication deal with " Law & Order " was described as a major reason behind the long - running show ’s cancellation last week , but the move makes sense since the network is developing several original crime dramas including " Graysmith " from Ridley and Tony Scott ; Steven Bochco ’s environmentalist detective show " Green Detective " ; " Miss Philly , " a show about a Philadelphia police chief from executive producer / writer Jamie Foxx ; and " Brain Trust , " about an old - school detective working with a team of eccentric academics .
TNT also announced plans for an as - yet - untitled medical show produced by Don Cheadle and " Dear God , " which will tell the story of a " team of humanitarians " who answer letters to God found at the U.S. Postal Service ’s dead letters bureau .
TBS ’ new series development include the comedy " Wedding Band " ; " The Rabbit Factory , " a detective show based on the novels of Marshall Karp ; " The Catch " ; " The Black Family " ; and " Good and Evel , " a cartoon comedy produced by and starring the team of Steve Buscemi and Stanley Tucci .
La campa�a inici� despu�s de que diputados del PAN en Quer�taro se �rebelaran� contra la decisi�n de la presidenta del Congreso de guardar silencio sobre el caso
Dos peones que laboran en el rancho de Diego Fernández fueron sacados de la propiedad a bordo de una patrulla de la Policía Municipal de Pedro Escobedo Juan José Arreola /EL UNIVERSAL
Miguel de Cevallos , uno de los hermanos del " Jefe Diego " , llegó al rancho poco después de las 2 de la tarde Juan José Arreola /EL UNIVERSAL
Información recabada señala que desde ayer se reportó su desaparición al encontrar su camioneta abandonada en los alrededores de su rancho Juan José Arreola /EL UNIVERSAL
Elementos federales iniciaron las investigaciones pertinentes , luego de confirmase la desaparición de Diego Fernández de Cevallos cerca de su hacienda en el municipio de Pedro Escobedo Juan José Arreola /EL UNIVERSAL
La Procuraduría General de la República informó que se continúa con la investigación sobre la desaparición de Diego Fernández de Cevallos Raúl Estrella /EL UNIVERSAL
APOYO .
Los anuncios espectaculares se empezaron a colocar desde ayer en todo el estado de Quer�taro .
( Foto : Ra�l Estrella )
Jueves 20 de mayo de 2010
Juan Jos� Arreola / Corresponsal | El Universal
Every man , woman , and child would owe an average of $ 43,000 if we divided up mortgage , credit card , student , and auto debt in the United States .
Of course , this is based on the current population of 309 million .
But we know this is n’t exactly accurate since an infant really did n’t charge up a credit card or take out a HELOC .
We should break this down to each individual household .
If we average this figure out over all U.S. households the amount comes out to over $ 120,000 per household .
When 1 out of 3 Americans have no savings , how do you think many will be able to pay off their debt ?
For decades , the model has revolved around servicing debt and not necessarily paying the initial balance off .
But many American families are feeling the deep psychological strain of an economy largely built on debt .
The emotional strain of debt is showing up in large numbers :
Source : MSNBC
I think when we see surveys like this , some will tend to underestimate the amount of debt carried by each household .
For example , not everyone has a mortgage and by far mortgage debt is the largest line item for consumer debt .
We know that in the U.S. 51 million mortgages are outstanding .
The latest Federal Reserve flow of funds shows mortgage debt at over $ 10.2 trillion .
So run these numbers :
$ 10.2 trillion / 51 million mortgages = average mortgage debt of $ 200,000
Now the interesting thing is the median home price across the U.S. is slightly above $ 170,000 .
With that said , recent housing surveys have found that one - third of all these mortgages are attached to homes that are worth less than the actual mortgage .
They are underwater .
It is clear that the average American would feel incredible amounts of stress if they were living in a home that had fallen in value so much , that the attached debt was larger than the market sale price of the home .
And most Americans that have a home have a generally good sense of what their home is worth .
Many of course have their optimistic “ dream ” price but many deep down have a better sense of the real price .
This is probably derived from recent home sales and other comparable properties in the area .
If we want to break down household debt , this is what we get :
The grand total of mortgage , credit card , student loans , and auto loan debt is a stunning $ 13.5 trillion .
The tipping point came when total household debt aligned itself with the annual GDP of the United States .
And this number seems to be reflected in the average income data .
The typical household takes in approximately $ 52,000 per year and this is much lower than the $ 120,000 of debt each household would be responsible if we were to divide the debt share up today .
What does this number tell us ?
We have spent far more than we earn and we earn at a level that is near the top globally .
I was fascinated that the survey was split nearly down the middle in terms of debt related stress .
You have half of U.S. households worried about debt while another half seems to be comfortable with their debt .
There are many households with no mortgage or that rent .
You have others that pay off their credit card balance off each month .
Others have paid off cars and no auto debt .
What appears to happen with some American families is that they have a penchant for taking on inordinate amounts of debt .
Confusing access to debt with wealth was also a large epidemic .
In California during the peak days of the housing bubble , a colleague was talking about how they refinanced out $ 100,000 from their home .
This money was used for a lavish vacation and other “ toys ” that filled up their garage .
When we talked , the perception was that the $ 100,000 home equity loan was actual free money .
They failed to make the connection that the $ 100,000 would have to be paid off at a certain point .
And many went down this road as evidenced by mortgage equity withdrawals :
Source : Calculated Risk
The great hoax was creating an atmosphere that made people believe that this money was actually free .
I remember seeing many letters that had an actual check attached with the sum of $ 50,000 or higher as if it were a novelty gag .
All you needed to do was sign and cash the check at a local bank .
It really had the symptoms of a once in a generation mania .
The perspective from Wall Street and banks was that there would always be someone willing to pay a higher more inflated price and willing to take on more debt to make the purchase happen .
Around 2006 many insiders started getting out slowly while talking up to the public that all this wild debt was somehow sustainable .
Now as a county we have always been comfortable with mortgage debt .
In fact , a 30 year fixed mortgage with a decent down payment was the bread and butter of our economy for decades .
Consumer debt on the other hand is really an astonishing concept .
Think of credit cards .
You are allowed to spend money you do n’t have .
Would you allow someone , completely unsecured , to spend your money on the promise they will pay you back ?
Maybe and this is largely how the system has been built .
Banks have given Americans $ 850 billion in credit card debt .
Some can pay it back but with the current recession , many cannot .
We can see the purge going on in this sector rather clearly :
Since the peak in 2008 of $ 975 billion in revolving debt , $ 123 billion in credit card debt has been purged .
Much of this has come through bankruptcies and write - offs as banks deal with poor performing loans .
Ironically when Wall Street in 2007 and 2008 asked for trillions in U.S. taxpayer dollars , it was under the implicit notion that it was to keep the lending channels alive .
Look at the above chart and you can clearly see that this is not the case .
Credit card offers have dwindled to a trickle and credit lines have been slashed on even good standing customers .
I found this interesting article dated 1986 when interest rates were relatively high :
“ ( LA Times ) Charles Newcomer , spokesman for General Motors Acceptance Corp. , General Motors ’ auto - finance subsidiary , said , “ All the traditional assumptions about the auto - finance market are not necessarily true today . ”
He noted that just as home buyers are increasingly picking 15 - year mortgages over 30 - year loans - despite the fact that shorter maturities require larger monthly payments - some customers are also asking for shorter - term auto loans , possibly reversing the trend of recent years toward longer terms . ”
It is amazing that today , many dealers offer 72 month financing .
Just like housing , Americans have taken on too much debt to finance auto purchases .
It seems that we reached a point where we simply could not expand terms and pile on more and more debt .
This is a debt purge that is likely to take a decade or even longer .
The current flushing out of debt is coming through many different avenues .
Foreclosures are one large way of flushing out debt .
Bankruptcy is another .
And these have been at elevated levels going on for a few years now .
It is hard to say where the balance will occur .
If the economy picks up and picks up quickly , then many Americans will be able to service their debt again .
Yet all market indicators have shown that a real debt purge is occurring and is likely to continue for years to come .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
Follow us on Twitter !
The Red Shirt political protest in Bangkok , Thailand has been active for nearly two months now , and has entered a new , deadly phase in the past week , with at least 36 of the total 60 deaths occurring in just the last few days .
Anti-government protesters have barricaded themselves against government troops and the Thai army has declared certain protest areas to be " Live Fire Zones " .
A state of emergency is in effect , covering 17 provinces in the country , as protesters have refused orders to leave , and news just emerged that a renegade general who supported the Red Shirts , Khattiya Sawatdithol , died today from a gunshot wound he suffered on May 13th .
Collected here are photos of the recent turmoil in central Bangkok .
( 39 photos total
How do credit ratings vary by country and by ratings agencies ?
Economists expect the UK to lose it 's coveted AAA rating this year .
Phillip Inman has more on the story here , where he writes :
Many economists predict at least one of the three main credit ratings agencies – Moody's , Fitch or Standard & Poor 's – will declare the UK a bigger lending risk in response to the chancellor 's admission in the autumn statement that austerity will run for at least eight years , until 2018 , rather than the original five .
Last year the UK was given a warning by Fitch when the credit rating outlook was changed to negative , becoming the second ratings agency to put the treasured AAA rating at risk after Moody 's made the same move .
This signalled a " slightly greater than 50 % chance " that Britain would lose its AAA rating with Fitch in the next two years .
At the same time as changing the UK's outlook to ' negative ' , Moody 's made a range of adjustments including downgrades for Italy , Malta , Portugal , Slovenia , Slovakia and Spain .
At that time , Moody 's also announced France and Austria would share the same fate as the UK with their outlooks being changed to negative .
Last October , Standard and Poors ( S&P ) downgraded Spain 's sovereign ratings to BBB - , just one grade above junk status .
S&P attached a " negative outlook " to its rating , a warning of another possible downgrade in the medium term .
Just days earlier Moody 's cut its assessment of Cyprus 's government bonds , downgrading them by one notch from Ba3 to B3 .
The ratings agency cited fragile and weakening banks as the main factor in its decision , stating :
In order to maintain appropriate domestic bank capital levels , the Cypriot government will likely need to provide financial support to the country 's banks that could threaten the sustainability of the government 's debt burden
So , who are the ratings agencies ?
The big three agencies are Fitch , Moody 's and Standard & Poors .
What they do is assess how likely a borrower is to be able to repay its debts and help those trading debt contracts in the secondary market .
That means for those trading debt contracts such as Treasury gilts after they have been issued , ratings agencies help assess a fair price to charge .
Ratings agencies have been criticised for having too much clout in jittery markets during the financial crisis .
They were widely attacked for failing to warn of the risks posed by certain securities , in particular mortgage - backed securities .
Losing your rating or being downgraded can have a fatal effect on your country 's ability to borrow money on the markets .
Thanks to the three big agencies , we can bring you the ratings of countries around the world as of today .
Because each agency 's approach is slightly different , we have colour - coded them in three broad categories too .
All the ratings have been updated today .
Ratings for previous updates last year and in 2011 are in the spreadsheet , so you can see how ratings have changed over time .
Can you do something with the data ?
Data summary
Credit ratings by agency and country - Updated 3rd January 2013 Click heading to sort table .
Download this data Country S&P Rating S&P Outlook Moody 's rating Moody 's Outlook Fitch Rating Fitch Outlook Albania B1 STA B1 STA Andorra A- NEG Angola BB - STA Ba3 POS BB - POS Argentina B- NEG B3 NEG CC Armenia Ba2 NEG BB - STA Aruba A- NEG BBB STA Australia AAA STA Aaa STA AAA STA Austria AA + NEG Aaa NEG AAA STA Azerbaijan BBB - STA Baa3 STA BBB - STA Bahamas BBB NEG Baa1 NEG Bahrain BBB NEG Baa1 NEG BBB STA Bangladesh BB - STA Ba3 STA Barbados BB + STA Baa3 NEG Belarus B- STA B3 NEG Belgium AA NEG Aa3 NEG AA NEG Belize SD Ca NEG Benin B NEG Bermuda AA - STA Aa2 STA AA STA Bolivia BB - STA Ba3 STA BB - STA Bosnia and Herzegovina B STA B3 STA Botswana A- STA A2 STA Brazil BBB STA Baa2 POS BBB STA Bulgaria BBB STA Baa2 STA BBB - STA Burkina Faso B STA Cambodia B STA B2 STA Cameroon B STA B STA Canada AAA STA Aaa STA AAA STA Cape Verde B+ STA B+ STA Cayman Islands Aa3 STA Chile AA - STA Aa3 STA A+ STA China AA - STA Aa3 POS A+ STA Colombia BBB - POS Baa3 STA BBB - STA Cook Islands B+ STA Costa Rica BB STA Baa3 STA BB + STA Croatia BB + STA Baa3 NEG BBB - NEG Cuba Caa1 STA Cyprus CCC + NEG B3 RUR - BB - NEG Czech Republic AA - STA A1 STA A+ STA Denmark AAA STA Aaa STA AAA STA Dominican Republic B+ STA B1 STA B STA Ecuador B STA Caa1 STA B- POS Egypt B- NEG B2 NEG B+ NEG El Salvador BB - NEG Ba3 STA BB NEG Estonia AA - STA A1 STA A+ STA Fiji B STA B1 Finland AAA NEG Aaa STA AAA STA France AA + NEG Aa1 NEG AAA NEG Gabon BB - NEG BB - POS Georgia BB - STA Ba3 STA BB - STA Germany AAA STA Aaa NEG AAA STA Ghana B STA B+ STA Greece B- STA C - CCC Grenada CCC + NEG Guatemala BB STA Ba1 STA BB + STA Guernsey AA + STA Honduras B+ STA B2 STA Hong Kong AAA STA Aa1 POS AA + STA Hungary BB STA Ba1 NEG BB + STA Iceland BBB - STA Baa3 NEG BBB - STA India BBB - NEG Baa3 STA BBB - NEG Indonesia BB + POS Baa3 STA BBB - STA Ireland BBB + NEG Ba1 NEG BBB + STA Isle of Man AA + STA Aaa STA Israel A+ STA A1 STA A STA Italy BBB + NEG Baa2 NEG A- NEG Jamaica B- NEG B3 STA B- STA Japan AA - NEG Aa3 STA A+ NEG Jordan BB NEG Ba2 NEG Kazakhstan BBB + STA Baa2 STA BBB + STA Kenya B+ STA B1 STA B+ STA Korea A+ STA Aa3 STA Kuwait AA STA Aa2 STA AA STA Latvia BBB POS Baa3 POS BBB POS Lebanon B NEG B1 STA B STA Libya NR Liechtenstein AAA STA Lithuania BBB STA Baa1 STA BBB STA Luxembourg AAA NEG Aaa NEG AAA STA Macedonia BB STA BB + STA Macao Aa3 STA Malaysia A- STA A3 STA A- STA Mali NR Malta A- NEG A3 NEG A+ STA Mauritius Baa1 STA Mexico BBB STA Baa1 STA BBB STA Moldova B3 STA Mongolia BB - STA B1 STA B+ STA Montenegro BB - STA Ba3 STA Montserrat BBB - STA Morocco BBB - NEG Ba1 STA BBB - STA Mozambique B+ STA B POS Namibia Baa3 STA Netherlands AAA NEG Aaa NEG AAA STA New Zealand AA STA Aaa STA AA STA Nicaragua B3 STA Nigeria BB - STA Ba3 STA BB - STA Norway AAA STA Aaa STA AAA STA Oman A STA A1 STA Pakistan B- STA Caa1 NEG Panama BBB STA Baa2 STA BBB STA Papua New Guinea B+ STA B1 STA Paraguay BB - STA B1 STA Peru BBB POS Baa2 POS BBB STA Philippines BB + POS Ba1 STA BB + STA Poland A- STA A2 STA A- STA Portugal BB NEG Ba3 NEG BB + NEG Qatar AA STA Aa2 STA Romania BB + STA Baa3 NEG BBB - STA Russia BBB STA Baa1 STA BBB STA Rwanda B STA B STA Saudi Arabia AA - STA Aa3 STA AA - STA Senegal B+ NEG B1 STA Serbia BB - NEG BB - NEG Seychelles NR B STA Singapore AAA STA Aaa STA AAA STA Slovakia A STA A2 NEG A+ STA Slovenia A CreditWatch NEG Baa2 NEG A- NEG South Africa BBB NEG Baa1 NEG BBB + NEG Spain BBB - NEG Baa3 NEG BBB NEG Sri Lanka B+ STA B1 POS BB - STA St. Maarten Baa1 STA St. Vincent & the Grenadines B2 STA Suriname BB - STA Ba3 POS BB - STA Sweden AAA STA Aaa STA AAA STA Switzerland AAA STA Aaa STA AAA STA Taiwan AA - STA Aa3 STA A+ STA Thailand BBB + STA Baa1 STA BBB STA Trinidad and Tobago A STA Baa1 STA Tunisia BB STA Baa3 NEG BB + NEG Turkey BB STA Ba1 POS BBB - STA Uganda B+ NEG B STA Ukraine B NEG B3 NEG B STA United Arab Emirates Aaa STA AA STA United Kingdom AAA NEG Aaa NEG AAA NEG United States of America AA + NEG Aaa NEG Uruguay BBB - STA Baa3 POS BB + POS Venezuela B+ STA B2 STA B+ NEG Vietnam BB - STA B2 STA B+ STA Zambia B+ STA B1 STA B+ NEG
• DATA : download the full spreadsheet
More data
Data journalism and data visualisations from the Guardian
World government data
• Search the world 's government data with our gateway
Development and aid data
• Search the world 's global development data with our gateway
Can you do something with this data ?
• Flickr Please post your visualisations and mash - ups on our Flickr group
• Contact us at data@guardian.co.uk
• Get the A - Z of data
• More at the Datastore directory
• Follow us on Twitter
• Like us on Facebook
The Ayatollah Khomeini once remarked that there are no jokes in Islam .
If that is true , it is not for want of material .
My latest favorite , related to me by Ibn Warraq , has to do with the rather unfunny hadith — one of the purported sayings and deeds of the Prophet and his companions — that requires death by stoning for adulterers .
Once during a debate in London , Warraq made good on his entire career as the world ’s leading apostate by coming up with the one - liner that he did n’t want to live in a society in which one gets stoned for committing adultery , but rather in a society in which one gets stoned and then commits adultery .
But that was not the joke we were talking about .
It seems that the stone - the - adulterers commandment has long been the subject of theological controversy because although mandated by traditional religious law , or shari’a , it does not appear in the Quran .
Instead , the Quran mentions the much less severe punishments of flogging or perhaps confinement .
Some fornicators actually get into such things , maybe even in combination .
Presumably a death sentence would have been important enough to merit inclusion in the revelation .
Why did n’t Allah mention it before ?
According to another hadith , He did .
Muhammad had written down the revealed verse on a piece of paper and placed it under his bed for safekeeping .
One day while Muhammad had taken ill and the household was preoccupied with nursing him , a goat wandered in and ate it .
Islamic scholars took from this story not the lesson that I find obvious — that the goat was a second Messenger of Allah , who wanted to show Muhammad exactly what he could do with his bonkers idea of stoning adulterers .
Instead , they used it to argue that were it not for the goat , the Quran would have ( therefore should have ? ) included the missing verse and that this resolves the apparent doctrinal inconsistency — a hermeneutics of animal husbandry .
I ’m sorry .
This comic tale does n’t really have a punch line .
But it does reveal something about the nature of knowledge and epistemic authority in Islam , and this may go a long way toward explaining why Arab - Islamic societies never produced a scientific revolution while European societies did .
The Religion of He - Said , He - Said
A major preoccupation of Islamic scholars is verifying the “ genuineness ” of various hadith .
Their preferred method is to trace the transmission from one source of these stories to the next , as in
Abu al - Ayman narrated to us , saying : “ Shu ’yab narrated , saying : ‘ Abu al - Zynad told us that Abd al - Rahman ibn Hurmuz al - A ’raj . . . narrated to him that he heard from Abu Hurayrah who heard the Prophet saying …’1
A text is considered trustworthy when one can establish an unbroken chain of personal testimonies leading back to a person who had direct contact with the Prophet .
Islam is a religion of he - said , she - said — minus most of what she said , of course .
( In the case of the goat - ate - my - surah story , however , the original source was said to be a woman , or rather a girl : Aisha , Muhammad ’s child wife . )
The chain - link epistemology of hadith was mirrored by the structure of legal scholarship .
Instruction took place through individualized apprenticeships rather than institutionalized degree programs .
Intellectual and professional attainment came in the form of a certificate passing on the authorization to teach a particular subject , which would be issued by a particular teacher to a pupil who had mastered the subject to that teacher ’s satisfaction .
Historian of science Toby Huff argues that this diffuse organization of knowledge hindered the development of science , which relies on peer criticism by appeal to objective standards held in common across a discipline .
It is due to this personalistic and particularistic factor that one finds literally hundreds of schools of law over the centuries , each founded by a faqih who , through the power of his intellect and the magic of his personality , established his own school of law capable of issuing its own rulings ( fatwas ) , unconstrained by a body of precedent and universal legal principles .
Thus , law , jurisprudence , as the paradigmatic body of knowledge in Islamic civilization , established a model of inquiry antithetical to that required of modern science , that is , a system based on personal authority rather than collective or impersonal collegial standards .
2
The study of the natural philosophy and proto-science of the Greco - Roman world , which had been collected and translated by Arabic - language thinkers , took place under an additional burden .
It was not permitted in the colleges , or madrasas , which were primarily devoted to the study of Islamic law .
Instead , this heterdox knowledge had to be cultivated by individual scholars acting in a private capacity .
In Europe , by contrast , the legal innovations in the eleventh and twelfth centuries made possible the creation of legally autonomous corporate entities — including universities and , later , scientific associations — in which groups of thinkers could coalesce around shared projects and shared standards in relative freedom from Church and state power .
The Trouble with Half - Totalitarianism
The above history should serve as a corrective to some of our own received stories .
One story says the West has Arabic - Islamic societies to thank for “ passing the torch ” of classical civilization .
What the popular wisdom elides is that this learning typically survived not because of but in spite of the nature of Islam .
Another story says that intellectual development under Islam was stunted because Islam is a totalitarian system .
This is also half true .
Islam was half totalitarian , so to speak .
It was doctrinally totalitarian , in that matters of truth and justice were completely determined by religious tradition , hence the suppression of subversive thought in the madrasa system .
Yet socially , Islamic learning was highly individualistic by comparison with elaborately institutionalized European learning .
Even the best Arabic - Islamic thinkers suffered for want of organized skepticism — the powerful effects of iterated peer - review feedback .
Personal testimony is unreliable .
Memory fails .
Our pet ideas can get eaten by life ’s goats .
The more watchful eyes there are , the better the chances that someone will catch the next one that slips into the tent looking for dinner .
Notes
[ 1 ]
This comes from the hadith collection Sahih Al - Bukhari , book 11 , no .
876 .
[ 2 ] Toby E. Huff , The Rise of Early Modern Science : Islam , China and the West , 2nd ed. , ( Cambridge University Press , 2003 ) , 228 .
JF Ptak Science Books LLC Post 1018
“ It is probably not worth putting ( all ) railways under ground . ”
Ed Teller , 1947 [ See also our 50 + - part Atomic & Nuclear Bomb series here ]
There is a universe of alternate universes constructed of nothing but the dim bits of bad thinking that is the very DNA of the history of bad ideas .
In those realms there are bad ideas that are bad , bad ideas that are toweringly bad , and bad ideas that are so bad that they ’re not even bad as they transcend communication capacities of badness .
The idea I ’m writing about today lives at that unspeakably - bad level .
And that bad idea is this : relocating and dispersing the entire population of the United States into a geometric grid - work covering all parts of the country , emptying all American cities into a vast nothingness of exurban Atomburbs .
There .
I said it .
Unfortunately , the thoughtfully blank idea was “ real ” and was worked out by three smart guys , the result published in the Bulletin of Atomic Scientists in 19461 .
The kernel of the proposition was republished for the masses in LIFE magazine in ( 15 June ) 1947 , complete with maps which stand on their own as being spectacular and peculiar examples of visual propaganda .
Listen : the crux of the issue was to remove everyone from any American city with a population greater than 50,000 people and place them in newly - built communities set out across the country ’s landscape ( mostly ) like a chess board , the towns existing on all of the connecting lines .
[ As weird as this sounds , the great Norbert Wiener came up with a similarly astounding , untouchable idea using circles . ] .
The authors proposed to build 20,000,000 new homes , relocate industry ( preferably underground ) , reallocate and redistribute energy supplies and natural resources , and recreate the very fabric of social and economic life in America .
The governor of this thinking was the coming arms race and the American susceptibility to clouds laced with Soviet atomic weapons–and worse .
[ The calculations for destruction being used here were for the Hiroshima atomic bomb ; in 1952 the U.S. would detonate the first hydrogen bomb , followed by the Soviets the next year .
These bombs would be measuring explosive force in terms of hundreds of thousands -- and then dozens of millions -- of pounds of explosives . ]
How does this idea get thunk in a group and not abandoned ?
And then how does it manage to be published by a a reputable organization ?
These are smart men , these authors , and I just cannot think of how they could ’ve come to these conclusions –though Teller , who was part of the genius flotilla of superb and essential Hungarian scientists , was undoubtedly mentally affected by his supernova hawkishness .
I did n’t know this about Marshak , and I really am not very familiar with Klein .
They were all University of Chicago , and the Bulletin was originally published as the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists of Chicago .
There are deeper , more disturbingly anti-spectacular ideas laced through the short article , some of which are so soaringly and diligently insane that it is difficult to address them .
For example , the authors suggest that the “ ribbon cities ” would n’t necessarily have to be “ laid out in exactly straight lines ” and that the lines could be adapted to the terrain .
Even though the authors propose moving and rehousing 20 million people ( and so on ) , this was not what they really wanted to do .
They wanted to put everything in lines and underground .
“ We shall have to forgo elaborate schemes of underground cities ” because of expense , they write .
And what of the cost , as long as we ’re at it ?
Somehow a figure of 200 billion is floated around –200b in 1947 dollars , which is 5 trillion in 2010 dollars ( or so ) , which really does n’t seem to be a figure that is in any way near to what an undertaking of this magnitude would cost .
( The odd thing about this figure is that $ 200 billion is about the same percentage for a single year of 1950 GDP as the $ 5 trillion is of the 2010 GDP . )
[ It seems unfair to take things out of context like this , but , well , it is n't -- the entire article is filled with almost nothing but these statements .
In a way I 'm doing the authors a service by taking things out of context so that the entirety of their madness is n't revealed as the ugly road - kill thinking it is . ]
Of course , g_d knows where all of this building material was going to come from .
Or the people who would actually do the work .
Were there 3 million construction / building folks in the 1950 census ?
I do n’t think so .
And so in spite of the overwhelmingly underestimated cost , and the rerouting of the infrastructure of the entire country , and moving everyone in the country , and building 20 million houses , and finding the material to do so , and finding the workers to build them all and reconstruct all of the infrastructure and build all industry underground and have the tools to do it all with , the authors felt as though the whole thing could be pulled off in 10 years .
Someone , somewhere , was certainly going to be working late .
And so the interesting part of this thought - tragedy for me is –what is the equivalent idea of this going on right now ?
I know there is one , and there will be a new one tomorrow .
Notes
1.. Jacob Marshak , Edward Teller , and Lawrence R. Klein .
“ Dispersal of Cities and Industries . ” Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists 1 , April 15 , 1946 , 13 .
See also :
“ Naked City . ” Time .
Nov. 28 , 1949 , 66 .
Also at .
Also see .
The City Under the Bomb ..
Time , Oct. 12 , 1950
Charles Grutzner .
“ City folks ‘ fear of bombs aids boom in rural realty .. “ New York Times .
August 27 , 1950 , 1 .
Michael Ray Fitzgerald .
Sitcoms and Suburbia .
The Role of Network Television in the Deurbanization of the U.S. , 1949 - 1991 .
Molella , Arthur P. " The City as Communications Net : Norbert Wiener , the Atomic Bomb , and Urban Dispersal " Technology and Culture - Volume 45 , Number 4 , October 2004 , pp. 764-777
Pin 0 Shares
So you 're finally out of debt , saved up an emergency fund , and are ready to start saving for retirement .
The question that you have now is , what type of retirement account should you choose ?
An IRA , a Roth IRA or a 401( k ) ?
If you ’re not familiar with these basic retirement account types , you may want to check out IRS Publication 590 .
It ’s free , and it 's pretty in - depth in explaining the differences between the accounts .
But just to review for this article 's purpose – here are the three account types :
Continues after Advertisement
Traditional 401k : An employer sponsored retirement savings plan that allows a worker to save for retirement and defer income taxes on the money until withdrawal .
Traditional IRA : A retirement savings plan that allows a worker to save and invest for retirement with pre-tax dollars .
Withdrawals are taxed .
Roth IRA : A retirement savings plan where money is invested with post - tax dollars , and are not taxed at withdrawal .
So which account type should you choose for your situation ?
IRA Or A Employer Sponsored 401k ?
We know that there are some obvious differences in the account types , like tax differences , but there are other non -tax related differences as well .
The 401(k ) will often offer a matching contribution from your employer :
If your employer offers this , jump on it – it's an immediate 100 % return !
from your employer :
If your employer offers this , jump on it – it's an immediate 100 % return !
A 401( k ) often has limited investment options : 401 ( k ) plans will often give you only a limited choice of pre-selected funds and they 're often high cost actively managed funds .
An IRA will usually give you access to more low cost index funds and other options .
: 401( k ) plans will often give you only a limited choice of pre-selected funds and they 're often high cost actively managed funds .
An IRA will usually give you access to more low cost index funds and other options .
401 ( k ) plans probably usually charge significant administrative fees :
A study done by the Investment Company Institute and Deloitte Consulting found that the median employer - sponsored retirement plan charges an administrative fee of 0.72 % of assets .
( That ’s on top of the fees charged by the funds . )
By comparison IRA providers usually do n’t charge any admin fees at all .
When you examine these three points , I think most people would suggest this example investment strategy .
Put money in your 401 ( k ) until you get the full employer match .
Max out your traditional IRA to take advantage of its lower costs and better investment options .
Go back to your 401 ( k ) and max it out .
Invest via taxable accounts .
Roth IRA or Traditional IRA ?
Now if you are able to contribute to a Roth IRA or a Traditional IRA you have something else to consider .
Where do you expect your tax bracket to be when you retire ?
Depending upon where you think your tax bracket will be when you retire , you may want to make a different investing choice .
You think your tax rate will be the same :
The ending value of your account will be the same whether you pay tax now or later ( Roth IRA Vs. Traditional IRA ) .
With all things being equal , if you expect your retirement tax rate to be the same as your current tax rate , a Roth isusually going to be better .
The reason ?
Roth IRAs are not subject to required minimum distributions and your contributions ( with the exception of amounts converted from a traditional IRA ) can be withdrawn free of tax and penalty at any time .
The ending value of your account will be the same whether you pay tax now or later ( Roth IRA Vs. Traditional IRA ) .
With all things being equal , if you expect your retirement tax rate to be the same as your current tax rate , a Roth isusually going to be better .
The reason ?
Roth IRAs are not subject to required minimum distributions and your contributions ( with the exception of amounts converted from a traditional IRA ) can be withdrawn free of tax and penalty at any time .
If you expect a higher tax rate in retirement :
It ’s best to contribute to a Roth .
Better to pay tax at a lower rate now , than later at a higher rate .
It ’s best to contribute to a Roth .
Better to pay tax at a lower rate now , than later at a higher rate .
If you expect a lower tax rate in retirement :
It ’s best to contribute to a Traditional IRA .
Better to pay tax at a lower rate later than at a higher rate today .
It ’s best to contribute to a Traditional IRA .
Better to pay tax at a lower rate later than at a higher rate today .
If you have no idea what to expect , diversify :
If you 're not sure where your taxes will be , tax diversify and do a little of both .
A lot of people do this unknowingly when they contribute to a tax - deferred plan at work , and then a Roth as well .
Have you set up your retirement strategy ?
What plan did you settle on ?
Are you going with a 401k , IRA or Roth IRA ?
Are you tax diversified ?
Pin 0 Shares
Sir Alex Ferguson is backing José Mourinho to guide Internazionale to victory in tomorrow 's Champions League final against Bayern Munich at the Bernabéu .
However , he still has a feeling of regret that Inter find themselves playing Bayern rather than his Manchester United side .
The Germans knocked United out in the quarter - final , but Ferguson believes his team should have won the tie , pointing to the dismissal of Rafael da Silva as part of the problem .
" We should have been in that final , " he said .
" We murdered Bayern Munich and just did n't have the luck on the night and had a terrible refereeing decision against us in the game that changed the whole course of it .
If you look at Bayern in all the games this season , they have carried a bit of luck .
Maybe their name 's on the cup .
" But , make no mistake – Inter are the better team .
Inter are a very , very good team .
Mourinho has changed that whole club around .
I think they are the best team .
They can win it but Bayern are carrying luck and you just worry about that . "
Tetsuya Chiba ( Ashita no Joe ) and Machiko Satonaka ( Lady Ann ) were among the manga creators who held a press conference on Monday to voice their opposition against proposed legislation in Metropolitan Tokyo to restrict sexually provocative , " visual depictions " of characters who sound or appear to be younger than 18 years old .
The group presented the Tokyo Metropolitan Assembly with a written statement in opposition to the measure .
Among the creators who listed their names in the statement were Fujiko Fujio A , Takao Saito , Moto Hagio , and Ryohei Saigan .
Nico Nico Douga presented a live video feed of the press conference , and the TBS television network posted a video excerpt from the press conference .
Source : 47 News , Sankei Shimbun
Update :
The freelance writer Tetsuya Shibui posted photographs from the press conference , including two photographs of the list of names attached to the statement opposing the proposed legislation :
Fujiko Fujio A
Takao Saito
Juzo Yamasaki
Kenichi Kitami
Mitsuru Adachi
Rumiko Takahashi
Gosho Aoyama
Moto Hagio
Michiyo Akaishi
Wakuni Akisato
Hiroshi Motomiya
Makoto Ogino
Big Joe
Takeshi Ōmi
Uzuki Nakamura
Yudetamago
Takashi Sano
Tetsuya Chiba
Kenshi Hirokane
Kaiji Kawaguchi
Makoto Kobayashi
Takeshi Maekawa
Hiroki Yagami
Ken Akamatsu
Tohru Fujisawa
Kazuki Yamamoto
Kanji Sorasaki
Naoki Serizawa
Tetsuya Koshiba
Uchū Nishikawa
Waki Yamato
Jun Fukami
Mariko Nakamura
Nami Akimoto
Yasuyuki Kunitomo
Ryohei Saigan
Jun Hayase
Satosumi Takaguchi
Kaworu Watashiya
Masako Watanabe
Keisuke Itagaki
Kenji Hamaoka
Yoshikazu Yasuhiko
Takayuki Yamaguchi
Yoshiaki Tabata
Yousuke Takahashi
Akihito Yoshitomi
Yūki Yogo
Yasuhiro Imagawa
Yasunari Toda
Kenetsu Satou
Hiroyuki Yoshino
Masahiro Itosugi
Kenji Yamamoto
Koban Sameda
Makoto Uezu
Shigeru Morita
Hiraku Kaneko
Munenori Nawa
Akita Shoten
Shonen Gahosha
Kadokawa Shoten
Shinchosha
Kodansha
Hakusensha
Shueisha
Futabasha
Shogakukan
Leed
Update 2 : Other people who have voiced their opposition to the proposed legislation include voice actress Haruna Ikezawa , lawyer Takashi Yamaguchi , manga / anime creator Yoshitoshi ABe , manga / anime creator Yun Kouga , manga creator Yasuhiro Nightow , manga / anime creator Go Nagai , manga creator Nanae Sasaya , manga creator Keiko Takemiya , and manga creator Kohei Nishino as well as the other Manga Department professors at Kyoto Seika University .
Update 3 : The Ustream website is streaming the press conference , and The Journal website posted the list of creators opposed to the proposed legislation .
Thanks , Yasuhiro Nightow .
Update 4 : Hideki Egami , the editor - in - chief of Shogakukan 's Monthly Ikki manga magazine , asked manga creators to respond on Twitter at about 4:00 a.m. EDT if they oppose the proposed legislation .
The responses , have been arriving at a rate of about one per minute since then .
Update 5 : As of 6:00 a.m. EDT , Egami 's compiled list includes :
Makoto Sato ( Todoroke ! Tekkotsu - kun , Twitter )
, Twitter ) Syuji Takeya ( Astral Project - Tsuki no Hikari , Twitter )
Shinji Inamitsu ( Deru Toko Demasho ! , Twitter )
Miki Tori ( Anywhere But Here , Twitter )
est em ( Seduce Me After the Show , Twitter )
Hiroko Matsuda ( Twitter )
Hideo Shinangawa ( Monthly Spirits magazine , Twitter )
magazine , Twitter ) Hisashi Eguchi ( Stop ! Hibari- kun , Twitter )
Banana Nangoku ( Twitter )
Masaharu Inoue ( Twitter )
Natsuki Sugihara / Kirico Higashizato ( Love Recipe , Twitter )
Tōru Sugita ( Twitter )
Yūko Umino ( Twitter )
Maico Shioya ( Twitter )
Hozumi ( Twitter )
Yukio Tamai ( Twitter )
Ryoji Hido ( Heroes Are Extinct ! , Twitter )
COSiNE ( Twitter )
Juichi Iogi ( Twitter )
Miyuki Noma ( Twitter )
Hidefumi Akino ( Twitter )
Ume ( Takahiro Ozawa / Asako Seo , Twitter )
Kagekusa Kimi ( Twitter )
Takashi Kisaki ( Twitter )
Miou Takaya ( Twitter )
[ To be continued ]
Update 6 : The Net Business Innovation Research Consortium ( NBI ) industry group issued a statement in opposition to the proposed legislature .
The online companies Google , Microsoft , Yahoo , Rakuten , and DeNA are on the consortium 's governing board .
Thanks , dormcat .
Source : RBB Today
Update 7 : Translator and production coordinator Dan Kanemitsu ( Twitter ) led about 30 comic book authors , editors , and translators to the Tokyo Metropolitan Assembly on Monday to speak with four legislators directly .
( Kanemitsu is a voting citizen of Tokyo . )
Kanemitsu brought the following ( provisional ) list of industry professionals to the meeting :
Yoshitoh Asari
Keitaro Arima
Yuji Kaida
Aya Kaida
Hotaru Umino
Benkyo Tamaoki
Junichi Inoue
Hisao Tamaki
Natsuko Mori
Rasenjin Hayami
Tsubura Hase
Takeshi Nogami
Yohane Yamamoto
Kozo Shimokata
Ezuroku
Hironori Hazuki
Tsutomu Shindo
Hiroyuki Sanazura
Kiyoshi Shimizu
Kaoru Nagayama
Taku Koide
Cosine
Kosetsu Tateno
Nagito Mikoshiro
Thanks to dormcat for help on name transcriptions .
The UK ranks just 33rd in the world for average broadband speeds , behind the likes of Liechtenstein and Slovakia and only marginally above the worldwide average .
Broadband metrics group Ookla has revealed its Net Index , which ranks countries based on data collected by its Speedtest and Pingtest online connecting - testing utilities .
According to the index , which examined more than 1.5 billion records in total , South Korea has the world 's fastest broadband , with the average connection zipping along at downstream speeds of 34.19 Mbps .
Latvia is a distant second with 24.3 Mbps , followed by Moldova , Japan and Sweden .
South Korea 's impressive speed is nearly five times the UK average of 7.69 Mbps , which is only good enough for 33rd place , and only narrowly beats the global average of 7.67 Mbps .
The US is n't much better , coming in 26th overall with an average of 10.16 Mbps .
At the other end of the scale , Zambia came in last of the 154 countries listed , with its 260 Kbps average more than 100 times slower than that of South Korea .
The Net Index report also revealed the top locations within each country for speedy broadband , and in the UK , London does n't even make the top 30 .
Instead , it 's Loughton , Welling , Dartford , Clitheroe and Troon that are showing the rest of the country a clean pair of broadband heels .
As a result of Houston Texans linebacker Brian Cushing 's suspension for violating the NFL's anti-doping policy and his admission that he took a non-steroid banned substance , The Associated Press is taking a revote for the 2009 Defensive Rookie of the Year award , which Cushing won .
The AP will also revote for All - Pro outside linebacker , where Cushing initially received five votes and was named to the second team .
Cushing is still among the nominees in the revote .
All ballots in the revote are due by early Wednesday afternoon .
Cushing has been suspended for the first four games in 2010 for violating the league 's anti-doping policy .
He was tested last September , league sources told ESPN NFL Insider Adam Schefter .
After being alerted of the positive test , Cushing was tested randomly numerous times throughout the season and never tested positive again , a source familiar with the case told Schefter .
Cushing 's test was positive for elevated levels of hCG , the source familiar with the case told Schefter .
The level that he tested positive for was so low that it would not have been considered a positive test even a year ago .
hCG ( human chorionic gonadotropin ) is a banned substance that is widely used to stimulate the body 's testosterone production after an athlete uses anabolic steroids .
If a player has a medical need for it , he can request a therapeutic use exemption , but if he had an exemption , Cushing would n't have been suspended .
One person familiar with testing procedures told Schefter that hCG is contained in seminal fluid and that slightly elevated levels can be discovered in the event that a test occurs soon after ejaculation .
U.S. Anti-Doping Agency spokeswoman Erin Hannan denied that .
" You would not see a natural spike of hCG after a workout or ejaculation , " Hannan told The Associated Press .
" You would only detect it in urine by actually having taken it . "
Cushing took and passed a lie - detector test to prove he was not guilty of taking a performance - enhancing drug , but his four - game suspension still stands , a league source told Schefter .
Cushing said he took the substance during September , the first month of the 2009 schedule .
Although Cushing said his positive test was not for a steroid - related substance , the positive test was for something that was considered performance enhancing .
Cushing appealed the decision and lost that appeal .
The Go language does not have destructors .
Instead , it has two more dynamic mechanisms .
A defer statement may be used to run a function on function exit or when processing a panic .
A finalizer may be used to run a function when the garbage collector finds that a block of memory has nothing pointing to it and can be released .
Both approaches are dynamic , in that you have to executed the defer statement or call the runtime .
SetFinalizer function .
They are have no lexical scoping ; a single defer statement in a loop can cause its argument to be called many times on function exit .
These ideas are significantly different from destructors , which are associated with a type , and are executed when an object of that type goes out of lexical scope or is explicitly deleted .
Destructors are primarily used to release resources acquired by an object of the type .
This is a less important concept in a garbage collected language like Go .
The absence of destructors means that Go does not support the RAII pattern , in which an object is used to acquire a mutex or some other resource for the scope of a lexical block .
Implementing this in Go requires two statements : one to acquire the mutex , and a defer statement to release the mutex on function exit .
Because deferred functions are run on function exit , the mapping is not exact ; you can not use this technique to acquire a lock in a loop .
In fact , acquiring a mutex in a loop and correctly releasing it when a panic occurs is rather difficult in Go ; fortunately it is easy to handle correctly by moving the body of the loop to a separate function .
In any case , Go discourages this type of programming .
Mutexes are available in Go , but channels are the preferred mechanism for synchronization .
The stretch of land in the Northern Highland on which Glenmorangie stands has been the site for alcohol production ( mostly illicit ) since the Middle Ages , setting a formidable legacy .
Glenmorangie was founded in 1843 , although operation did n’t start until 1849 .
The founders were the brothers John and William Mathesen who had a history in whisky production .
Production got off to a successful start , and in 1887 , the Glenmorangie Distillery Company Limited was founded .
In 1880 , exportation commenced at the distillery , which went extremely successfully .
In 1918 , 40 % of the distillery was sold to the Glenmorangie Distillery Company Limited ’s largest customer , Macdonald and Muir , and 60 % was sold to Durham , a whisky dealing company .
Production continued successfully under its new ownership , with Macdonald eventually taking complete control of the distillery .
In 1931 , due to the great pressure that the global financial depression and American Prohibition act put on the whisky industry , the distillery was forced to close .
After being mothballed for five years , the distillery was reopened in 1936 , with production resuming immediately .
Production continued to go on to acclaim and financial gain , and in 1980 , the number of stills was doubled to four in order to handle the increase in demand .
Ten years later , the number of stills was doubled again , this time to a total of eight stills .
In 1994 , a visitor ’s centre was opened at the site , and the Glenmorangie Port Wood Finish was released , which marked the beginning of a new era of wood finishes being released from the distillery .
In 1997 , a museum was opened at the site , dedicated to the history of Glenmorangie and single malt production .
In 2004 , the Macdonald family decided to sell Glenmorangie , as well as the other distilleries that they owned , including Arberg which comprised ' Glenmorangie plc ' .
The bidding war over the company was absolutely frantic , with Moet Hennessey emerging triumphantly .
Moet Hennessy launched a complete re-vamp of the Glenmorangie brand , discontinuing the 15 and 30 - year - old bottlings , and totally re-naming the other bottlings .
Glenmorangie has continued to go from strength to strength under Moet Hennessey which are owned jointly by Diageo ( 34 % ) and LVMH ( Louis Vuitton ) , having managed to scale up its production to a truly competitive level without undermining the quality of the single malt .
6.07 am : So much for decision day .
This seems to be an election without a result .
As Lord Ashdown said earlier , " the country has spoken - but we do n't know what they 've said " .
I 'm heading home in a moment , and my colleague Hélène Mulholland will be taking over on a new blog .
But first here 's a summary of where we are .
• A hung parliament is virtually inevitable .
With more than 500 seats counted , the BBC is predicting that the Conservatives will end up with 306 seats , Labour 262 seats and the Lib Dems 55 seats .
The Conservatives are currently on 37 % of the vote , Labour on 28 % and the Lib Dems on 23 % .
• Gordon Brown has said that it is his " duty " to try to form a stable government .
Constitutionally , he is right .
Given that the Tories do not have a majority , he is entitled to form a government and to try to get a Queen 's speech through the Commons .
He only has to resign if the Queen 's speech is voted down .
( Effectively it 's a confidence vote . )
Although some reporters travelling with him think he seems gloomy about his long - term prospects , he claims to be " energised " by the result and Labour have started semi-public negotiations with the Lib Dems about a coalition .
Ministers such as Lord Mandelson and Alan Johnson have indicated that they would like to do a deal over PR .
• David Cameron has said that Brown no longer has a right to govern .
But Cameron has not demanded Brown 's resignation , and he has indicated that he is not going push for a hasty resolution of the situation .
It looks as if Brown will remain in Downing Street for the next few days at least , and perhaps for much longer .
• The Liberal Democrats have had a terrible night .
Their share of the vote has gone up just 1 point and they have lost seats .
But Nick Clegg - the man who used to say he was n't a kingmaker - has become the kingmaker .
He holds the balance of power .
In the past he has said that the party that wins should have first right to try to form a government .
But Lib Dems have said that that does not mean the party would automatically support the Tories .
As I write , Clegg himself has not spoken .
• Two former home secretary , Charles Clarke and Jacqui Smith , have lost their seats .
They are the most high - profile Labour casualties so far .
Several ministers , including Vera Baird , Mike O'Brien , Bill Rammell and Angela Smith also lost their seats .
• Peter Robinson , the DUP leader and Northern Ireland 's first minister , lost his seat in Belfast East .
But he will stay on as first minister because he retains a seat in the Northern Ireland Assembly .
• Independent candidates have not made a breakthrough .
Esther Rantzen did not get elected and two independents who sat in the last parliament - Dai Davies and Richard Taylor - were defeated .
• The Green party got its first candidate into parliament when Caroline Lucas won Brighton Pavilion .
• Hundreds of people were not able to vote because of problems at polling stations .
The Electoral Commission has ordered an inquiry .
That 's it .
I 'm going to take a rest now .
I 'll be back later today .
Earlier ( see 8.18 pm ) I posted a hung parliament reading list .
At the time I did not know if anyone would need it .
But we do now .
If you want to know what the future holds , I suggest you take a look .
5.41 am : My colleague Henry McDonald is interested in the contrast between Peter Robinson and Gerry Adams .
Peter Robinson lost his East Belfast seat after a barrage of allegations against him over alleged links with property developers , claims he strenously denies .
On top of that has been the painful and embarrrassing revelations about his wife , Iris , her toy boy lover and the £ 50,000 she secured for her boyfriend from business contacts .
In the very same period as the Robinson family 's reputation came under attack Gerry Adams , the Sinn Féin president , came under fire from his own niece Aine Tyrell over her claims that he failed to act against his brother Liam in connection with allegations of child sex abuse .
Aine Tyrell claimed that Gerry Adams was aware of her claims that Liam Adams had sexually abused her as a child for many years .
In the midst of these claims the Sinn Féin president revealed another skeleton from the family cupboard - that his father Gerry Senior ( an old IRA icon in Belfast ) had been guilty of sexually abusing members of his own family .
On top of all that Gerry Adams faced allegations from the grave that he had played a central role in the murder and disappearance of a west Belfast mother accused of being an informer in the winter of 1972 .
These claims were made by Brendan Darkie Hughes , a former IRA Belfast commander who left audio tapes that were to be released on his death which contained damaging allegations about Adams ' role in the IRA at the time Jean McConville was kidnapped , killed and buried in secret .
In many ways the allegations against Adams were more serious than those levelled at Peter Robinson .
After all they concerned the murder of a mother of seven and the alleged abuse of his niece , and claims of an internal republican cover - up .
Yet today Adams topped the poll in his West Belfast constituency with 22,840 votes - the highest personal vote for any candidate in Northern Ireland .
The worlds of East and West Belfast are clearly poles apart when it comes to how their respective electorates view allegations against their sitting MPs .
5.37 am : Lewis Baston is wondering what happened to decapitation .
The survival rate of Labour cabinet ministers in vulnerable seats is so far perfect , although John Denham had to sweat in Southampton Itchen before he was declared the winner by 192 votes in the seat he has held since 1992 .
In marginal Exeter , Ben Bradshaw survived well ; Ed Balls suffered a big swing against him but was elected for Morley & Outwood .
In Scotland , some people had thought Jim Murphy and Alistair Darling under threat , but both were re-elected in triumph with swings in their favour .
The casualty rate among former home secretaries , though , is very high - Jacqui Smith losing as anticipated , and Charles Clarke a rare Labour loser in a university constituency in Norwich South .
5.34 am : Lewis was right .
Labour have held Hammersmith .
That 's bad news for the Tories .
Their candidate in Hammersmith , black charity worker Shaun Bailey , was an emblem for " big society " Cameroonism and the seat was 78th on the Tory target list .
5.28 am : Here 's some more from Lewis Baston .
Some VERY good Labour results coming in from London - holding Westminster North which I thought impossible ( and a tribute to the local work done by Karen Buck ) , Islington South & Finsbury and apparently Hammersmith as well .
Peter Walker tells me that Norwich South ( the Charles Clarke defeat ) was bad news for the Greens .
Away from the headline of the Lib Dems taking Charles Clarke 's seat , the result is very bad news for the Greens .
It was their second - biggest hope , and in the smooth , energetic Adrian Ramsay , their 28 - year - old deputy leader , they had a good candidate .
But he 's come fourth , with 14.9 % of vote , well up on 2005 but badly squeezed in a tight , four - way race .
Could Brighton Pavilion go the same way ?
The Greens here look very shaky as the count drags on .
Caroline Davies has sent me this snippet from the Twickenham count .
Vince Cable has just arrived at Richmond College ahead of the Twickenham count .
" What happened to Cleggmania ? " shouted reporters " There 's not a lot of it around , " replied Cable .
5.24 am : Here 's another list of Tory gains .
CON GAIN - Redditch - 9.2 % swing from Labour - Jacqui Smith 's seat CON GAIN - Burton - 8.7 % swing from Labour CON GAIN - Hereford & Herefordshire South - 3.8 % swing from Lib Dems CON GAIN : Northampton South - 9.6 % swing Lab to Con CON GAIN - Brigg & Goole - 9.8 % swing from Labour CON GAIN - Dudley South - 9.5 % swing from Lab to Con CON GAIN - Oxford West - 6.9 % swing from the Lib Dems CON GAIN - Cannock Chase - 14 % swing from Labour
5.19 am : My colleague , Scotland correspondent Severin Carrell , says Alex Salmond is now under pressure because the the SNP is failing to make any gains .
The SNP are expected to end with six seats at Westminster – the same number it won in 2005 – despite repeated boasts by Salmond that the SNP would win more than 20 seats and make Westminster " dance to a Scottish jig " .
Salmond admitted early this morning this was no longer possible , but claimed the number of SNP votes cast was its best result since the 1970s .
" The Lib Dems have failed in Scotland and are being pushed into third or even fourth place , " he said .
" The picture across the UK may be unclear , but it is clear the Tories have has a disastrous night as they have once again been decisively rejected across Scotland . "
Iain Gray , the Scottish Labour leader , said : " Voters across Scotland have punished the SNP and rejected the Lib Dems .
With such big turnouts across Scotland these results send a clear message that the people of Scotland are seeing through Alex Salmond 's bluster .
" Alex Salmond 's 20 - seat target has disappeared off the Richter scale . "
5.17 am : This is what Gordon Brown told reporters on the flight down to London .
I am the leader of the Labour , but I have also got a duty to the country .
Two things are now clear .
The economy is incredibly important to our future and we must be sending out the right message to the world .
The second is the political reform agenda is there .
What is clear is that the expectations of the Conservative party have not been met .
Brown also said he felt " energised " and " resolute " .
I am determined .
I have been through a lot in my political career and my personal life .
I am used to difficulty .
Difficulty is not an excuse for failure .
But difficulty does not set you back .
It is what prompts you to move forward with more determination .
5.15 am : Labour have won Rochdale .
Gordon Brown 's comment about Gillian Duffy does n't seem to have done too much damage there .
5.13 am : Here 's another list from the Tories of some of the seats they have won .
CON GAIN - Dartford - 11.6 % swing from Labour CON GAIN - Romsey / Southampton North - 4.5 % from LD to Con CON GAIN - Carlisle - 7.7 % swing from Labour CON GAIN - South Ribble - 8.1 % from Lab to Con CON GAIN - Carmarthen West & Pembrokeshire South - 6.9 per cent swing from Labour CON GAIN - Cleethorpes - 7.8 % swing from Lab to Con
They have now gained more than 50 seats .
5.08 am : Lord Ashdown summed up the situation quite well on Sky .
The country has spoken .
But we do not know what it has said .
Ashdown also said that there was no need to arrange a coalition over the next day or so .
He said the country would govern itself quite happily until Monday or Tuesday .
5.02 am : And were you still up for Charles Clarke ?
He lost to the Lib Dems .
He made a gracious speech at the count , thanking the Norwich South for having let him represent it in the past .
He 's a fierce critic of Brown's .
But , in his speech , he did not mention him , or seek to blame anyone for his defeat .
4.57 am : Where you still up for Ed Balls ?
If so , you will have heard him make his victory speech .
He won Morley and Outwood with a majority of just over 1,000 .
4.55 am : ICM has produced an estimate for the final share of the vote , based on the figures already in .
Conservatives : 37.7 %
Labour : 28.2 %
Lib Dems : 23.1 %
Others : 11.1 %
These figures may change when the final results come in , but probably not by much .
They suggest that Labour is going to do even worse than in 1983 , when Michael Foot achieved 28.3 % .
4.50 am : John Simpson has just told the BBC that Gordon Brown spoke to journalists on the plane down from Scotland and that Brown made it clear that he felt it was his duty to establish a stable government .
Brown insisted there would not be a quick settlement , Simpson said .
4.45 am : Latest summary
• More than half the results are now in .
The Tories have gained 47 seats , Labour have lost 41 seats and the Lib Dems have lost 5 seats .
On the basis of these figures , there 's a swing from Labour to the Conservatives of 5.2 % .
With swing varying widely from constituency to constituency , it is still had to predict the result , although the results that have come in do seem to be consistent with the exit poll , which forecast the Tories getting 305 seats and Labour getting 255 seats .
• Gordon Brown and David Cameron have both returned to London .
They both say that Britain needs a strong and stable government .
Cameron says that Brown has no mandate to govern , but he has not demanded his immediate resignation .
Brown has signalled that he wants to do a deal with the Liberal Democrats .
• At least four ministers have lost their seats : Angela Smith , Bill Rammell , Mike O'Brien and Vera Baird .
Jacqui Smith , the former home secretary , has just lost her set in Redditch .
• The two independents who sat in the last parliament - Dai Davies and Richard Taylor - have been defeated .
And Esther Rantzen failed to get elected in Luton South .
She received fewer than 2,000 votes .
• Ed Balls has held his seat .
4.36 am : Jacqui Smith , the former home secretary , has been defeated in Redditch .
4.34 am : Justin Forsyth , a Downing Street aide , has just posted this on Twitter .
Just landed back in London .
Lots of results coming in .
But picture still not clear .
Gordon focussed on stable , strong and principled gov
I can understand why Brown keeps saying the government should be " stable " and " strong " ; that seems to be code for " proper coalition " , rather than a less formal arrangement .
But why does he keep saying " principled " ?
Is that code for PR ?
Or is he implying that a Conservative - Lib Dem deal would be unprincipled ?
He seems to be using that word to stress the natural affinity between Labour and the Lib Dems .
4.27 am : Labour have lost Redcar .
Vera Baird , the solicitor general , was defeated by a Liberal Democrats .
The Lib Dems won with a swing of more than 20 % , one of the largest swings of the evening .
But the Lib Dems have lost Oxford West and Abingdon .
Evan Harris has been defeated by the Tory Nicola Blackwood .
4.23 am : Richard Taylor , the independent who represented Wyre Forest , has lost his seat .
With Dai Davies losing in Blaenau Gwent too , that means both genuine independents in the last parliament have lost .
4.21 am : A gnomic tweet from Boris Johnson 's sister Rachel :
RT @RachelSJohnson :
It 's all gone tits up .
Call for Boris ( via @indiaknight )
She has also tweeted a picture of her brother Jo – Tory candidate in Orpington – " writing his victory speech " .
4.19 am : Here 's what David Miliband said earlier about parties working together .
If indeed no party has won an absolute majority then it seems to me perfectly reasonable and right that parties should talk to each other to see if they can find common ground to establish a strong and stable government .
There 's no harm in that .
It 's a good thing to do when the voters have clearly not embraced any of us and given us the absolute majority that we are all seeking .
On Radio 4 Alistair Darling has just said much the same thing .
4.16 am : Jacqui Smith , the Labour former home secretary , has lost in Redditch , according to Sky .
Redditch was 47th on the Tory target list .
4.14 am : Here 's some YouTube footage of the protest at a polling station in Sheffield when students were turned away without being allowed to vote .
4.10 am : Henry McDonald has sent me this from Northern Ireland .
The outcome of the general election in Northern Ireland means two party leaders are now living on borrowed time .
Peter Robinson 's shock defeat at the hands of the non-sectarian Alliance party calls into question his continued leadership of the Democratic Unionist party .
While the failure of the Ulster Unionist - Tory alliance to win a single seat will prove fatal for Sir Reg Empey , the UUP leader .
Earlier today one of Sir Reg 's own assembly members David McNarry said it was time for his leader to consider his position .
It will be surprising if Sir Reg lasts the weekend as head of what was once the single biggest party in Northern Ireland .
4.08 am : David Blunkett has suggested that Labour should admit defeat .
According to the Press Association , he put it like this .
It 's a difficult night for all of us but in a democracy you do n't just win you also sometimes have to concede defeat .
That 's the essence of a living democracy and it involves us being mature in how we handle that and being prepared to rebuild and fight back .
4.01 am : Douglas Alexander , Labour 's general election coordinator , has described Scotland as a success for Labour :
It 's too early to try and call this election but what is already clear is the SNP are moving backwards , the Conservatives are going nowhere in Scotland .
That 's why there 's some way yet to run in this election .
We 've some spectacular results across Scotland .
Right across Scotland , people have come home to Labour .
We 've never taken Scotland for granted , we 've worked for every vote this evening and we 've enjoyed success as a consequence of a great deal of hard work .
3.58 am : Denis MacShane is n't very sympathetic to those people who could not vote by 10 pm .
He 's put this on Twitter .
Voters had 15 hours to vote .
Cam focus on this again shows odd priorities
3.54 am : The Tories have sent me a list of recent gains .
Here it is :
CON GAIN - Blackpool North - swing from Lab to Con of 6.9 % CON GAIN : Derbyshire South - 9.8 per cent swing from Labour CON GAIN - Dover - 10.4 % swing from Lab to Con CON GAIN - Harlow - 5.9 % swing from Labour CON GAIN - Newton Abbot - 5.8 % swing from LD to Con CON GAIN - Erewash - swing from Labour of 10.5 % CON GAIN - Harrogate and Knaresborough - 9.1 % from Lib Dems CON GAIN - Basildon South - 7.5 % swing from Labour CON GAIN - Nuneaton - 7.2 per cent swing from Labour CON GAIN - Tamworth - 9.5 per cent swing from Labour CON GAIN - Leicestershire North West - 12 per cent swing from Labour CON GAIN - Vale Of Glamorgan - 6.1 per cent swing from Labour CON GAIN - Montgomeryshire - Lembit Opik 's seat - swing of 13.2 per cent CON GAIN - Aberconwy - 7.6 % CON GAIN - Dartford - 11.6 per cent swing from Labour CON GAIN - Loughborough - swing 5.5 % Lab to Con
There 's a green wobble in Brighton Pavilion .
My colleague Peter Walker has sent me this .
Were the Greens being over - confident in Brighton ?
On the record they were " quietly confident " of making Caroline Lucas their first MP .
Off the record the confidence was quite loud .
But the piled ballot papers seem to show a close - run thing , and interestingly , after weeks of predictions of a Green - Tory fight it 's Labour who are running Lucas neck - and - neck , with the Conservatives seemingly some way back .
One official still tips Lucas to win , though , he told me .
Labour have gained a seat .
They 've taken Blaenau Gwent back from the independent candidate , Dai Davies .
Blaenau Gwent used to be an ultra-safe Labour seat until it went independent after a row about all - women shortlists .
3.49 am : Latest summary :
• More than 250 results are now in .
The Tories have won 25 seats , Labour has lost 24 seats , and the Lib Dems have lost one seat .
On the basis of these results , the swing from Labour to the Conservatives is 4.8 % .
This suggests that we 're on course for a hung parliament , but there are wide variations in swing in different constituencies .
• David Cameron said Labour had " lost its mandate to govern " .
But , in a speech in his constituency , he did not declare victory for the Conservatives .
He said that he would act in the national interest and he suggested that he was willing to wait until a new government is formed .
He said his priority would be to give Britain a " good , strong , stable government " .
• Nick Clegg has yet to comment on the result , but he has just arrived at the count in his Sheffield constituency .
Although his party has performed badly , he seems to be on course for holding the balance of power .
In the past he has said that the party that wins the strongest mandate should have the right to try to form a government first .
This was seen as a sign that he would seek to reach a deal with the Tories , not Labour .
But tonight some Lib Dems have stressed that that formula does not commit the party to working with Cameron .
David Cameron giving his acceptance speech .
Photograph : Peter Macdiarmid / Getty Images
3.39 am : For the record , here is a key extract from David Cameron 's speech :
Whatever happens tonight , whatever the future may hold , I will always work hard as a constituency MP standing up for your interests .
Nationally we have to wait for the full results to come out .
But I believe it is already clear that the Labour government has lost its mandate to govern our country .
Although there are still many more results to come out , it looks as if the Conservative party is on target to win more seats than we have done at any election for perhaps as long as 80 years ...
What will guide me in the hours ahead , and perhaps longer than the hours ahead , will be the national interest – to do what is right for our country , to make sure we have that government , have that stability , take the right decisions .
We live in difficult times but this is a great country and we will come through them and be stronger .
At all times what I will do is put the national interest first to make sure we have good , strong , stable government for our country .
3.33 am : Here 's Lewis Baston 's latest take on the situation :
Lewis Baston byline .
Photograph : The Guardian
If the Conservatives win an overall majority , it might be – against all expectations – thanks to over - performing against the Lib Dems .
Two very long shots have come in for them , namely the personal contest in Montgomeryshire and the very surprising failure of the Lib Dems to hold Harrogate and Knaresborough .
It looked like a seat that was safe for the party , as opposed to a personal fiefdom , and should have survived the retirement of its MP Phil Willis ( particularly as Claire Kelley , his replacement , was a strong candidate ) .
Tory hopes must be high in other targets like Hereford .
But in one place at least , 2010 was a Lib Dem triumph in a marginal .
David Heath has won Somerton and Frome three times by nail - biting margins , but this time despatched Nancy Rees - Mogg by a more comfortable majority than he has enjoyed before .
3.31 am : Henry McDonald has sent me some more about the results in Northern Ireland :
Naomi Long denied that her victory [ over Peter Robinson ] was due to local anger over allegations of financial corruption and revelations about Iris Robinson 's affair with a teenager .
But the DUP does remain set to retain its other eight Westminster seats with the party seeing off a challenge from the hardline anti-power - sharing Traditional Unionist Voice .
The TUV's poor showing means that there is no immediate threat to power sharing in Northern Ireland .
The general election also proved disastrous for the new Ulster Unionist - Conservative alliance with the party gaining no seats .
Their best hope , Sir Reg Empey , lost the South Antrim constituency to the DUP's William McCrea , the sitting MP , by just over 1,000 votes .
Their former MP Lady Hermon romped home in her North Down constituency with a majority of almost 15,000 over her nearest rival .
Hermon rejected overtures from David Cameron to join the Tory - UUP alliance .
3.27 am : Paul Lewis has sent me this from the Brown plane .
Paul Lewis Photograph : Sarah Lee
Gordon Brown has just boarded the 737 chartered jet to London .
We should land just after 4 am .
He came on carrying his own hand - luggage , looking as tired as would be expected .
He is sat at the front of the plane , beside his wife Sarah , who 's smiling .
My sense of the mood among Brown and his team is that they are by no means down .
They 've reminded us a few times that his " strong , stabled and principled " speech was a nod toward an intention to do deals in the event of a hung parliament .
No coincidence that he singled out electoral reform in that speech .
Brown 's team is also genuinely shocked as the failure of Lib Dems to pick up seats .
They seem to think there is something to play for here .
We 're hoping for him to come to the back of the plane at some point during the journey , so I 'll let you know the feeling when we land .
3.26 am : On the BBC , Jeremy Paxman says talks between Labour and the Lib Dems have already begun .
3.25 am : Jeremy Paxman has just asked Liam Fox if he could imagine doing a deal with the Lib Dems .
Fox sidestepped the question , saying he would like to wait for the full results .
3.22 am : Helen Pidd has sent me some intelligence from Luton .
Helen Pidd .
Photograph : Martin Argles / The Guardian
This is totally unconfirmed , but Labour are on course to hold both Luton seats , according to Francis Steer , election agent to Luton South Labour candidate Gavin Shuker .
He just told me they think he will win with a 5,000 majority , just slightly down on Margaret Moran 's result five years ago .
Seems the expenses swindle and lobbying scandal harmed
Moran but not her party .
Lib Dem activists agree that Labour have won both , and say if it were n't for Esther Rantzen , the Tories would have won Luton South .
They say Rantzen nicked Tory votes in affluent white areas .
Result expected in Luton North in 20 mins ; Luton South will be nearer to 4am .
3.19 am : Lewis Baston has been looking at Scotland :
The Conservatives are in all sorts of trouble in Scotland .
They missed two targets from the SNP by miles – particularly disappointing for them in the traditionally Tory city of Perth and its surrounding acres – and seem to have lost out in another potential gain in Edinburgh South .
I would be surprised if they emerged with more than three seats in total , and not at all surprised if there were only one Tory MP from Scotland ( as in 2001 and 2005 ) .
A Conservative government in Whitehall , talking to an SNP government in Edinburgh , will do so despite Labour 's overwhelming dominance of Scotland 's representation at Westminster .
3.18 am : Vernon Bogdanor , who taught David Cameron politics at Oxford , is doing the pundit shift on the BBC .
He said Cameron was one of the most able students he taught .
Cameron had a very good " temperament " , he said .
But they disagreed on many things .
Photograph : Danny Lawson / PA
3.17 am : My colleague Matthew Taylor says Nick Griffin has conceded defeat in Barking .
" I am being realistic .
Margaret Hodge is clearly going to hold this seat , " he told journalists .
3.16 am : John Simpson is broadcasting from Gordon Brown 's plane .
He says that hope is fading , although " every time there 's a Labour win a shout goes up " .
Will Brown resign later today , Dimbleby asks .
Simpson says Brown wo n't resign until he has to .
But he thinks Brown is " fully prepared " to go .
3.10 am : David Cameron has been re-elected .
In his victory speech , the Tory leader said that Labour had " lost its mandate to govern " .
But he did not demand Gordon Brown 's immediate resignation and he suggested that it could take some time before a new government emerges .
He started by congratulating the returning officer for organising a proper election and said that the new government should organise an inquiry into the voting problems elsewhere as a priority .
Then he turned to the national situation .
Nationally we have to wait for the full results to come out .
But I believe it is already clear that the Labour government has lost its mandate to govern this country .
The Tories were on target to win more seats than in the last 80 years , he said .
What will guide me in the hours ahead – and perhaps longer than hours ahead – is to do what is right for our country ...
At all times I will put the national interest first to make sure we have good , strong stable government for our country .
That sounds to me as if he does not expect to be in Downing Street by the end of today .
The most important speech tonight may be the one we get from Nick Clegg .
Clegg 's party may be performing badly .
But by the end of the night he might be the most powerful man in the country because he could decide who forms the next government .
3.02 am : Gordon Brown has left his constituency count and is on his way to Edinburgh , where he is meant to be getting a flight down to London , I 'm told .
3.00 am : More about the voting chaos in Sheffield .
This is from my colleague Jon Henley , who has been following Nick Clegg .
Sheffield 's deputy returning officer , Lee Adams , said around 100 frustrated voters refused to leave one polling station in Clegg 's Sheffield Hallam constituency , and police had to be called .
" They were very angry , " she said , " particularly some students .
We could n't cope , basically . "
Adams said staff numbers at St John 's church hall in Ranmore had been doubled at 4 pm when it became clear that the combination of a higher than usual turnout and a large number of students turning up without their ballot cards threatened to overwhelm them .
" Many people had already turned up once , gone away and come back again , " she said .
" We should have had more staff on from the start .
We got things wrong , basically , and we 're very apologetic and distraught about that . "
It was not legally possible to extend opening hours , she said .
2.55 am : David Cameron will not challenge Gordon Brown 's right to try to form a government , the BBC reports .
Cameron is due to make a speech in about 10 minutes .
Cameron will say that the Tories have a moral right to govern .
But he is going to respect the constitutional conventions .
Apparently Cameron will also condemn the fact that so many people were unable to vote .
( Brown only made an indirect reference to this in his speech . )
2.55 am : Jeremy Paxman has just asked Lembit Öpik about his defeat .
Like me , Paxman suggested that the Cheeky Girls might have had something to do with it .
Öpik said that was a superficial and patronising suggestion that was unfair to his Tory opponent .
Photograph : Richard Saker / Rex Features
2.51 am : My colleague Caroline Davies has sent me this from Richmond Park , where Zac Goldsmith is hoping to gain a seat for the Tories from the Lib Dems .
Zac Goldsmith , the millionaire ecologist and Tory candidate hoping to take affluent Richmond Park from the Lib Dem incumbent Susan Kramer , has just arrived at the count at Richmond College looking tanned and relaxed .
But he may have a long wait .
Originally the declaration was expected around 4 am .
But now we are being told that because of the high turnout there is unlikely to be a result before 5 am , and quite possibly a lot longer after that .
The reason being given is that the returns on postal votes have been " phenomenal " to quote one source .
And all have to be verified before the count proper can start .
Goldsmith , who has accused the Lib Dems of running a " dirty tricks " campaign said he was feeling " good " .
2.48 am : Here 's some good news for the Lib Dems .
Chris Huhne has held Eastleigh , converting a 534 majority into a majority of over 3,000 , and David Heath has seen off a challenge from the Tory Annunziata Rees - Mogg .
And some bad news for them too .
They 've lost Harrogate and Knaresborough , where Phil Willis had a majority of nearly 8,000 .
2.42 am : Latest summary :
• More than 120 results are now in .
The Tories have gained 12 , Labour have lost 11 and the Lib Dems have lost one .
According to the BBC , so far there has been a swing from Labour to the Tories of 4.1 % .
• The eventual likely result is still unclear .
Ken Clarke has described it as the most unpredictable election that he has ever taken part in .
• The Liberal Democrats are doing worse than expected .
They 've lost a seat - Lembit Öpik 's Montgomeryshire seat - and they failed to gain Guildford , their top target seat .
• Bond prices are up .
The market opened early this morning and prices are up , suggesting that traders are betting on a Tory victory .
2.32 am : The Tories are ahead in Harlow ( 5th on their target list ) and Aberconwy ( 37th on their target list ) , according to the Press Association .
Lembit Opik .
Photograph : Martin Argles
2.31 am : Lembit Opik has lost Montgomeryshire .
He has been defeated by a Tory , who won with a swing of 13.2 % .
A colleague says they are " very chapel " in Montgomeryshire .
Presumably his antics with the Cheeky Girls did n't go down well .
2.27 am : It seems that City traders , like David Cameron , never go to bed .
The Press Association has filed this story about trading in sterling and bonds .
Sterling and UK Government bonds rallied today as a series of big Conservative swings suggested the party may scrape a majority .
The pound rose more than a cent to 1.49 dollars and 1.18 euros in the early hours , after initially falling against both currencies amid a forecast of a hung parliament .
June gilts - a form of UK Government bond - also ticked up more than 1 % in early bond trading on the Liffe exchange , suggesting more investors are expecting a " decisive " Tory administration which will tackle the UK 's massive deficit .
The Liffe exchange opened more than six hours early to satisfy huge election night demand from major players such as banks and hedge funds .
David Jones , chief market strategist at IG Index , said : " There 's definitely a feeling building that the Tories are going to scrape in with a majority .
" The exit poll results suggested we should n't really believe them , but there 's been such a big swing in some of these other seats to the Conservatives . "
At the BBC , by comparison , the verdict seems to be that we are heading for a hung parliament .
Who should you trust ?
Nick Robinson or the bond market ?
They can't both be right .
2.25 am : Lewis Baston has sent me this about the evasive Lib Dem surge .
It is a given that the Lib Dem performance in elections is uneven , but we did expect it to be less true than usual because of a national lift provided by the ' Clegg factor ' .
In their previous surge elections in 1983 and 1974 they did tend to rise everywhere , but it seems that it is not happening in 2010 ( even assuming that when the dust settles this still counts as a ' surge ' election for them ) .
They have missed two targets in Guildford ( probably harder than it looked given that it had a new first time incumbent Tory MP ) and what should have been a sitting duck in City of Durham , a Labour marginal .
Having said on Twitter that I would eat my hat if the Lib Dems finish on the 59 seats or so predicted in the exit poll , I may have to look into buying a marzipan hat .
Gordon Brown Photo : EPA
2.19 am : For the record , here is the key quote from Gordon Brown 's speech in his constituency .
The outcome of this country 's vote is not yet known .
But my duty to the country , coming out of this election , is to play my part in Britain having a strong , stable and principled government , able to lead Britain into sustained economic recovery and able to implement our commitments to far - reaching reform to our political system - upon which there is a growing consensus in our country .
2.13 am : My colleague Afua Hirsch says Labour 's Chuka Umunna is on course to win in Streatham .
She has posted this on Twitter .
Chuku Umunna 's people in Streatham feeling cautiously optimistic .
Last few results have definitely boosted vibe here in Brixton
The Lib Dems were in second place in Streatham in 2005 , but well behind Labour .
2.08 am : Alex Salmond told Radio 4 the SNP had not made a breakthrough against Labour .
He said that was because the Labour vote strengthened in the last few days .
He claimed that was because Scottish voters were alarmed by the prospect of a Tory majority .
Our vote is up quite substantially in Scotland ...
It looks like we are moving to to second place in Westminster votes .
But the SNP has just lost Glasgow East , a seat it won from Labour in a byelection .
Labour have won it back .
2.06 am : Like Jim Naughtie ( see 1.57 am ) , the Tories are taking an interest in the absence of the Lib Dem surge .
Tory HQ has just sent out this :
Durham - LAB HOLD : Lib Dem share of vote down 2.1 % , Con up 3.9 % - Target seat 23 for Lib Dems Fife North East - LIB DEM HOLD : Sir Menzies Campbell 's seat - 5 % swing from Lib Dem to Con
David Cameron with his wife Samantha at the count in Witney .
Photograph : Peter Macdiarmid / Getty Images
2.03 am : Lord Ashdown thinks Cameron will win :
I think there will be a small Tory majority or a Tory minority which could be made into a majority by the use of Ulstermen .
2.02 am : Labour has held Gedling in the Midlands .
It was 92nd on the the Tory target list and the Tories could have taken it with a swing of 4.82 % .
1.58 am : Steven Morris has sent me this from Birmingham .
Steven Morris byline .
Photograph : Jeff Morgan
Rumour – and it is nothing more than that at the moment – sweeps the National Indoor Arena in Birmingham that Labour 's Richard Burden could be in trouble in Northfield .
This is the constituency of the Longbridge plant .
1.57 am : Oliver Letwin is safe in West Dorset , I 'm told .
He had a notional majority of 2,461 over the Lib Dems and there was speculation that he was in trouble .
On Radio 4 Jim Naughtie has just asked : " Where is the Lib Dem surge ? "
It does n't seem to exist .
1.53 am : Two bad results for the Lib Dems .
They failed to win Guildford , their top target seat .
The Tory Anne Milton comfortably beat the Lib Dems ' Sue Doughty .
And the Lib Dems failed to take City of Durham , a Labour seat that was 23rd on their target list .
1.50 am : Here is some more number - crunching from Lewis Baston .
He 's been looking at Wales .
The Conservatives were hoping for a good showing in Wales , perhaps returning as many as 12 - 15 MPs , but their hopes seem to have been dashed .
Labour 's Chris Ruane has held Vale of Clwyd , a seat that had featured on most run-downs of potential Tory gains in Wales , with a small swing .
But Ruane is not the most marginal Labour MP to survive – that honour belongs to Albert Owen in Ynys Mon , a seat that may be unique in being Labour in 2010 but not in 1997 .
Owen gained the seat ( the isle of Anglesey ) in 2001 and is a canny local politician .
And at Brown 's constituency too :
Gordon Brown may not have taken Britain by storm , but he is a prophet with honour in his home town of Kirkcaldy .
He won a healthy swing in his favour and a vote of confidence from his neighbours .
In this , he is not unusual among party leaders , who often get a boost in their own constituency and the region they come from .
Michael Howard won triumphantly in Folkestone , at least , in 2005 , and in 2001 William Hague won a massive vote of confidence in Richmond , and above - average results in the rest of Yorkshire .
Brown seems to be doing fairly well in Scotland , not just in Kirkcaldy , in 2010 .
1.48 am : Paul Lewis says Downing Street is in a bit of a tiz about the way Brown 's remarks ( see 1.02 am ) are being interpreted .
" Sources close to PM concerned that the line about coalition – flashed on PA and BBC from here – was too strong .
The big caveat is : if there is a hung parliament and Tories can't get majority , " Paul says .
1.45 am : The BBC says bond prices are up .
Hugh Pym says that means traders are banking on a Tory victory .
1.44 am : Julian Glover at the Cif at the polls rolling comment blog thinks Brown should admit that the game is up .
1.42 am : Nick Robinson has just told the BBC that he felt from Brown 's demeanour that Brown did not expect to remain as prime minister for very long .
David Dimbleby felt it had a " valedictory " tone .
It certainly did .
But it did n't sound like a concession of defeat either .
I thought Brown was hedging his bets .
1.41 am : Brown has just been speaking after being re-elected in Kirkcaldy .
He started his speech with a tribute to people in the constituency , and a reference to the church where his father preached " and where I first learnt about social justice " .
He said he was proud of much that Labour had achieved .
And he was proudest of all to be elected as an MP for Fife .
He thanked people in the constituency who had worked for him .
And he thanked Sarah for her " love and support " and for her " legendary campaigning skills " .
Turning to the election , he said it was his duty to help the country have a strong and stable government .
1.35 am : Here 's a selection from Twitter .
From Mark Davies , an adviser to Jack Straw :
At the count in Blackburn .
Tories looking grumpy .
Lib dems cheery .
We are nervous .
#electionday
From Will Straw :
Labour holds Tooting .
@ GuidoFawkes is furious .
Might prevent the majority .
From Henry Macrory , Conservative head of press :
Blunkett says instinct is that Labour have lost the election
From Jim Murphy :
East Ren turnout incredible 77 %
From Gaby Hinsliff :
reported 9 pc swing to con in darlington interesting .
( alan milburn 's old seat ) .
some big swings happening in seats that werent on radar
1.34 am : Gordon Brown has held his seat , Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbreath .
1.28 am : Latest summary :
• More than 20 results have already come in .
The Tories have won their first seat from Labour ( Kingswood ) .
The national picture is still unclear , although there is some evidence that the swing to the Tories in key areas is significantly bigger than the 5.5 % swing suggested by the exit poll .
Guardian psephologist Lewis Baston says he thinks the Tories are on course for an outright majority .
• Gordon Brown has signalled that he wants to form a coalition .
He has said that he wants " strong , stable and principled " government .
• Peter Robinson , the DUP leader and Northern Ireland first minster , has lost in Belfast East .
He has signalled he intends to remain first minister in the Stormont assembly , where he still has a seat .
1.24 am : Lewis Baston is a brave man .
He 's calling it for the Tories .
Lewis Baston byline .
Photograph : The Guardian
I think the Conservatives have won this outright .
The Conservatives are getting swings of 9 % or so from Labour in seats as diverse as posh metropolitan Putney , suburban west - country Kingswood and mixed north - eastern Darlington .
1.24am : The exit poll suggested a 5.5 % swing to the Tories .
But , according to the BBC , the figures from north - east England suggest the swing to the Tories is 8.4 % in the region .
1.20 am : Here 's Lewis Baston on Torbay :
Lewis Baston byline .
Photograph : The Guardian
Torbay was thought to be one of the easier Tory targets from the Lib Dems – they had a strong candidate , Marcus Wood , who had done fairly well in 2005 , and the Lib Dems had been in disarray in local politics .
The slight swing from Conservative to Lib Dem would have reassured many other Lib Dem incumbents in south - west England .
1.18 am : In Hackney two Labour candidates , Diane Abbott and Meg Hillier , have submitted an official complaint about people not being able to vote .
Apparently 51 people could not vote in one area , after being kept waiting for 45 minutes .
1.16 am : Adrian Sanders has held Torbay for the Lib Dems .
It was a Tory target , but Sanders won with a swing of 1.1 % to the Lib Dems from the Tories .
Gloria de Piero .
Meanwhile , Gloria De Piero , the GMTV political editor who was parachuted into Ashfield , Geoff Hoon 's seat , is trailing the Lib Dems , according to the Press Association .
1.10 am : Lewis Baston has sent me more about Kingswood , and the national swing .
Lewis Baston byline .
Photograph : The Guardian
Kingswood , a suburban area near Bristol , may acquire the sort of iconic status for David Cameron that Birmingham Edgbaston did for Tony Blair in 1997 and Basildon for John Major in 1992 .
It was the first televised Tory gain of the night in 2010 , in a constituency that had been represented by Labour 's Roger Berry since 1992 .
Tory campaigners did have high hopes of a strong swing in the seat , and they were amply justified .
More big swings to the Conservatives in north - east England , in Darlington and North Durham , weighing in at around 9 % .
The north east was not expected to be a particularly receptive region for David Cameron , particularly after he singled it out as a possible target for public sector cuts , but the Tories are either doing particularly well there , or else outperforming the exit poll by some distance .
However , there are not many parliamentary seats there they stand any chance of winning ; Tynemouth , and perhaps if they are lucky the rather volatile Stockton South , are the most likely blue blobs to appear on the map of the north east .
1.07 am : More on Kingswood .
Labour 's Roger Berry had a notional majority of 6,145 .
The BBC is confirming that the Tories have taken Basildon South ( see 12.18 am ) .
1.05 am : We 've had the first Conservative gain .
The Tories have won Kingswood , with a swing of 9.4 % .
A swing of that size across the country would give Cameron a majority .
1.04 am : Matthew Taylor , who has been monitoring the BNP , has sent me this .
Matthew Taylor byline picture .
Photograph : Linda Nylind for the Guardian
Labour sources in Stoke , the BNP 's second target seat , are also sounding confident and say the far right party may have been be pushed into third or even fourth place .
Gordon Brown and his wife Sarah arrive at the Adam Smith College for the Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath count tonight .
Photograph : Andrew Milligan / PA
1.02 am : Paul Lewis has sent me this from the Brown camp :
Paul Lewis Photograph : Sarah Lee
Brown is about to deliver his speech .
Downing Street aides say the PM will call for a " strong , stable and principled government " in times of economic uncertainty – they 're saying that is shorthand for a coalition government , not a minority Tory government .
It is the first sign from the PM that he will seek a coalition if exit polls are correct .
Northern Ireland 's first minister , Peter Robinson , reacts after losing his Belfast East seat to Naomi Long of the Alliance party .
Photograph : Peter Muhly / AFP / Getty Images
1.00 am : Peter Robinson is talking at the Belfast East count .
He has just said that he has a job to do in the assembly and that he will continue to carry on his " important work " there .
He seems determined to remain first minster , but this is a serious blow to his authority .
12.57 am : Students who were prevented from voting in Sheffield have set up their own Facebook page .
12.55 am : My colleague Amelia Gentleman has got the latest from Morley and Outwood , where Ed Balls is hoping to get elected in new seat .
Amelia Gentleman Photograph : Martin Argles for the Guardian
Anthony Calvert , the Conservative candidate who hopes to " castrate Labour " by removing Balls , has arrived for the count .
He has had the Who's Who of the Conservative frontbench out campaigning for him over the past few weeks – Cameron twice , George Osborne , Ken Clarke , Theresa May , Dominic Grieve , Michael Gove – an intensity of big hitters quite unheard of previously .
It 's not yet clear if it will pay off .
Calvert says the signs are that the count is very close – which he describes as a victory in itself , given Balls had a notional majority of 8,660 .
He says economy and immigration are the key issues here .
There are a lot of people with BNP rosettes milling around , and their share of the vote will be under scrutiny too when the results are announced around 3am .
12.49 am : Peter Robinson , Northern Ireland 's first minister , has lost his seat , Belfast East .
Robinson was beaten by the Alliance candidate , Naomi Long , who won the seat with a 22.9 % swing .
It 's the first time the non-sectarian Alliance party ( which is allied to the Lib Dems ) has won a Westminster seat in Northern Ireland .
12.49 am : David Cameron has stopped off at the pub on the way to his count .
He 's at the New Inn in Witney , according to the Press Association .
12.47 am : Gordon Brown wo n't have to resign if the exit poll turns out to be accurate .
You do n't have to take my word for it .
Lord Wilson , the former cabinet secretary , spelt it out last night in a private lecture to students at Emmanuel College , Cambridge , where he is Master .
I 've been sent a copy of his comments .
On Friday Mr Brown will remain prime minister until either he resigns or he loses a vote of confidence which would be on the Queen 's speech ... Nick Clegg and I think Cameron are disputing this – and they 're wrong .
They 're wrong for the very good reason that Mr Brown is prime minister .
You can't change it ; it 's a fact .
The Queen asked him to be prime minister , and until he resigns , he still is prime minister .
We do n't elect a prime minister in this country ...
All anyone elects is their MP , and it's the MPs who decide who they will give their backing to as prime minister .
That is the decisive factor .
12.44am : Peter Robinson , the first minister of Northern Ireland , has lost in Belfast East , according to the BBC .
12.41 am : More from Heidi Stephens , my colleague with the TV remote .
She does n't seem to be having a good evening .
Heidi Stephens byline .
Photograph : Guardian
I keep turning over to ITV for an alternative view , and then quickly heading back to the BBC .
Alistair Stewart just came out with " it 's great that people are using their Twitters and their Facebooks " , suggesting he 's not entirely au fait with the world of social media .
His tie also clashes horribly with the set , which appears to have been recycled from 1980s A Question Of Sport ...
Over on C4 , we 're back to Come Dine with MP , where Rod Liddle is cooking .
There is talk of everyone eating dinner naked , which has me lunging for the remote control .
I have no desire to see the television debut of " Little Rod " , thanks , or a Major - eye view of Edwina Currie ...
Swiftly over to BBC1 , where the BBC Shiny CGI Budget appears to include virtual dominoes .
It 's like the BBC Department of Electoral Metaphors had their creative brainstorm after too many Haribos .
12.38 am : My colleague Severin Carrell says Labour seem to be doing well in Scotland .
Severin Carrell .
Photograph : Frank Baron / The Guardian
Labour appears to be enjoying a strong showing in Scotland , with early indications from a number of key marginal seats suggesting that Labour has made expected gains and held several seats under intense pressure from the Liberal Democrats and Tories .
With most results still several hours away , the main theme emerging is that while Labour support has slumped in England , it has hardened in Scotland – more than expected by the Lib Dems and Tories .
Tory sources are conceding that few seats in Scotland are expected to change : code for the Tories making few if any gains .
The Lib Dems were widely expected to win several seats from Labour in central Scotland , but sources from across the parties in Edinburgh predict that Labour will hold Edinburgh North and Leith despite an intense campaign by the Lib Dems .
12.36 am : Our reporter Aidan Jones has been to a polling station in Hackney , east London , where 150 people were unable to cast their ballot when the polls closed .
He 's come back with this video of the aftermath .
As you can see , police had to be called .
12.34am : Earlier ( see 11.26 pm ) Ken Clarke said that bond traders would start betting on the outcome of the election at 1 am .
I thought he was referring to traders in the far east .
But a reader has been in touch to say that the UK LIFFE market is opening at 1 am for traders to react to the election .
My colleague Dan Roberts is blogging it .
12.31 am : More from Sunderland .
My colleague Martin Wainwright was at the count and sent me this .
Martin Wainwright byline .
Photograph : Linda Nylind
A huge roar of relief as much as real pleasure erupted as Labour won the first seat to declare with a healthy - sounding majority of 11,000 – although this is far below the 17,300 predicted from 2005 's result in the new constituency of Houghton and Sunderland South .
The winner , Bridget Phillipson , is a Lois Lane - alike marked for higher things by Labour .
Another doughty daughter of Sunderland , Kate Adie , watched her brief and to - the - point victory speech ( " This area needs a Labour government " ) from the media pen .
Adie 's presence , evoking many a frontline report on the BBC in times past , chimes with Sunderland 's extraordinary prowess at handling elections .
Staff who ran tonight 's meticulous operation – only just missing their target of the first result in 40 minutes ( it was 53 ) – have been seconded to Bosnia , Cambodia and Ukraine to help with elections there .
12.25 am : Latest summary :
• Three results are now in , all from Sunderland .
Labour has held them all , including Sunderland South , a seat targeted by the Tories .
In all three seats there were swings to the Tories , of 8.4 % , 11.5 % and 4.8 % .
Taken together , this is roughly equivalent to a swing of 8 % , which would just give David Cameron a majority .
The exit poll suggests Cameron wo n't get a majority .
• The Tories are saying that Gordon Brown will have no right to try to form a government if the exit poll turns out to be accurate .
But , constitutionally , he remains prime minister until defeated in a vote in the Commons .
Ministers are making it clear that they would like to form a coalition with the Lib Dems .
Jim Murphy has floated the idea explicity .
• Hundreds of people have been prevented from voting in constituencies across the country .
In some seats this could result in a legal challenge to the result .
The government has blamed the Electoral Commission .
12.18 am : My colleague Matthew Taylor says the Tories are expect to win South Basildon and East Thurrock ( which is 17th on their target list ) .
Matthew Taylor byline picture .
Photograph : Linda Nylind for the Guardian
The talk at the fabled " Essex man " seat of Basildon , which has gone the way of the winning party since 1974 , is that the Tories are are likely to take it for the first time in 13 years .
Labour sources say only way they will hold on is with a big personal vote for Angela Smith .
The Tories are quietly predicting they have done enough to get over the line .
The result is expected between 1 - 1.30 am .
12.13am : The polling fiasco seems to be getting more and more serious .
In Chester Labour are complaining about 600 people not being allowed to vote , even though they were on the register .
That could be significant because Labour has a notional majority of just 973 in the city .
There have been problems in Sheffield too .
I 'm told that students in Nick Clegg 's constituency ( many of whom were expected to vote Lib Dem ) were also prevented from voting .
The Electoral Commission has said that it will undertake a " thorough review " of what has happened .
12.07 am : Ministers like Lord Mandelson and Harriet Harman have hinted that they would like to see a Labour - Lib Dem coalition .
Now Jim Murphy , the Scottish Secretary , has explicitly proposed the idea .
The truth is this is an election that none of us could predict as it unfolded and even this evening is entirely unpredictable .
I think all options are still open , including for example a Labour - Liberal coalition .
12.03 am : Lewis Baston has been looking at the third Sunderland result .
Here 's his verdict :
Lewis Baston byline .
Photograph : The Guardian
Sunderland Central was the first successful Labour defence of a semi-marginal seat , and they held it in some style – in contrast to the huge swing in the two outer Sunderland seats .
Before one gets too hung up on the apparent differences in swing between the Sunderland seats , one should consider the starting point .
There have been radical changes in the boundaries in all the Sunderland seats , and the results from each are based on estimates .
These are painstakingly combined best guesses , based on local election voting patterns in the areas involved .
It is possible that local elections are a misleading guide in some areas .
Perhaps more people voted
Tory in the outer areas of Sunderland in 2005 , and fewer in the inner areas , than we thought .
Taking Sunderland as a whole , it looks like the swing was around 8 % ie a little bit more than we thought from the exit poll .
12.03 am : The Tories are going to win Battersea , according to the Press Association news agency .
That 's not much of a surprise .
It 's an ultra-marginal , and ninth on the Tory target list , where the Tories need a swing of just 0.41 % to win .
11.59 pm : David Miliband has just told the BBC that " a massive amount of Ashcroft money " went into Sunderland Central .
Like other members of the cabinet , he gave a clear hint that he would like to see a coalition .
If no party has an absolute majority in the House of Commons , then no party has a moral right to a monopoly of power .
11.55 pm : My colleague Henry McDonald has some bad news for David Cameron from Northern Ireland :
Henry McDonald .
Lady ( Sylvia ) Hermon is expected to be re-elected by a landslide in North Down .
She rejected David Cameron 's overtures to join the Ulster Unionist - Conservative alliance and her victory will be seen as a major setback for the joint party project .
Hermon left the UUP in protest over the Tory link - up and stood tonight as an independent candidate .
Her majority tonight is also expected to be higher the one she enjoyed in 2005 .
Henry also says that a count for two constituencies has been temporarily cancelled due to a terrorist bomb alert .
" Within the last few minutes police officers started moving politicians , activists and electoral staff out of the Templemore Sports Centre .
The sports hall was holding counts for Foyle constituency which takes in Derry City as well as East Derry . "
Photograph : Suzanne Plunkett / Reuters
11.50 pm : George Osborne told the BBC that Brown would have to resign .
I do not think there 's any question of Labour being able to continue following this massive rejection of the Labour party .
The Conservative party has gained more seats than at any time since 1931 .
11.48 pm : The swing to the Tories in Sunderland Central was 4.8 % .
We 've had three results in now , all from Sunderland .
There was a swing to the Tories in all three seats , but they varied considerably .
The swings were 8.4 % , 11.5 % and 4.8 % .
All three Labour MPs elected in the Sunderland seats are women .
11.43 pm : Here 's the result from Sunderland Central .
Labour won comfortably , with a majority of just under 5,000 .
That 's a disappointment for the Tories .
11.41 pm : Lewis Baston has been looking at the Washington and Sunderland West result ( see 11.30 pm ) .
Lewis Baston byline .
Photograph : The Guardian
There are only six safer Labour seats than Washington and Sunderland West .
It consists of the working - class New Town of Washington , plus some outer estates of Sunderland city itself – it could almost be called " Nissan Central " because its economy is dominated by a modern car factory .
The 2010 result shows a huge fall in the Labour vote ( down 15 points ) and a big rise in the Tory vote ( 7 % ) .
We need to see if the result from Sunderland Central shows another big swing or not – a swing on this scale would see it being on the brink of being a Tory gain and probably indicate a comfortable overall
Tory majority and an exit polling disaster , and also indicate that there was nothing wrong with the estimates of the boundary changes in Sunderland .
Ballot papers are counted at Adam Smith College in the Kirkcaldy constituency of Gordon Brown tonight .
Brown Photograph : Jeff J Mitchell / Getty Images
11.38 pm : My colleague Paul Lewis is in Gordon Brown 's Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath constituency .
He says the result in the seat is expected around 12:45 am .
Paul Lewis Photograph : Sarah Lee
Those who have spent time with the prime minister today say he has spent much of the evening alone , drafting speeches for all electoral eventualities .
Around 9 pm , I 'm told he ate a lamb stew cooked by his wife , Sarah , and retired to bed for what aides described as " much needed " sleep .
Not sure if I believe he is really asleep .
But if it was solitude Brown was looking for , he did not secure it at home .
The BBC has rented the front garden of the adjacent house ( judging by the " Vote Conservative " placard on their lawn , his neighbours were not Labour supporters ) .
A satellite TV van was parked in the drive , and scaffolding had been erected to ensure the cameras had an unimpeded view over the fence , to his front door .
11.34 pm : Caroline Lucas is on course to win Brighton Pavilion for the Greens , according to my colleague at the count , Peter Walker .
Peter Walker Photograph : guardian.co.uk
The chair of the local Greens , Matt Follett , tells me they 're " quietly confident " of making Caroline Lucas the party 's first - ever MP .
He claims their on - the - ground organisation today was actually bigger and better than the main parties ' .
I guess that 's what you can do by concentrating so much on a small number of seats .
I 've tried to ask the Tories , the other party seen as in with a good shout here , for their view , but they 're not talking .
11.33 pm : Here 's a note I 've been sent by the Tories .
It 's pure spin , but I 'm going to post it in full because it will probably be the Tory " line to take " for the evening :
- if exit poll figs are correct , this is an utter rejection of Labour ; Labour have lost this election ;
- let 's be clear : this is an excellent result for the Conservatives ;
- it 's a historic result - the most seats gained by Conservatives in any election since 1931 - more than Mrs Thatcher in 1979 ;
- it 's the biggest swing to Conservatives since 1931 ;
- as David Cameron has said , we will do what we can to provide stable government ;
- if this poll is correct , it would provide a basis to govern .
- Labour can't possibly expect to continue in government after this humiliating rejection .
- Having lost 100 seats , they are insulting the voters to suggest otherwise .
11.30 pm : We 've just has the second result , Washington and Sunderland West .
It 's a safe Labour seat and Labour won .
But the swing to the Tories was 11.5 % , which would easily give David Cameron a majority if repeated across the country .
It would be the largest swing since 1945 .
11.28 pm : At Cif at the polls , Tom Clark has been looking at the Sunderland result and Martin Kettle has a warning about exit polls .
11.26 pm : Kenneth Clarke has just told Sky that at 1 am bond traders ( in the far east , presumably ) will start betting on the prospect of the UK having a strong government .
Asked about electoral reform , he said that the Conservative party and Labour were both coalitions and that they contained politicians who would not stick together if they were operating under a PR system .
Clarke has also been listening to Mandelson .
Peter with his usual cunning has already been making noises that he hopes will seduce the Liberal Democrats to keep Gordon Brown in power .
Clarke said that Brown should not be allowed to stay on .
He said that Brown would be in a weaker position than Heath in 1974 .
Like Harman , Clarke also took a pop at the Electoral Commission .
It was " fairly useless " , he said .
11.22 pm : Asked about the voting chaos on Radio 4 , Harman insisted that it was not the government 's fault .
She said that it was a matter for returning officers and for the Electoral Commission – ie blame them !
11.19 pm : My colleague Steven Morris is in Birmingham , where Harriet Harman 's husband Jack Dromey is expecting to be elected as MP for Birmingham Erdington .
Steve has sent me this :
Dromey says the Labour vote is holding up there but he says there will be " setbacks " for the party across the country .
He repeats several times : " This is not a Conservative country .
The Conservatives are not getting the mandate they want . "
Labour 's Bridget Phillipson is declared MP for Houghton and Sunderland South tonight .
Photograph : Gareth Copley / PA
11.17 pm : Latest summary :
• The first result , in Houghton and Sunderland South , shows an 8.4 % swing to the Conservatives , which would give David Cameron a majority .
• But the revised exit poll suggests that the Tories are on course for 305 seats .
Labour ministers are still hinting that they would like to form a " strong and stable " coalition with the Lib Dems .
• In many areas , people have been unable to vote despite turning up before 10 pm .
11.12 pm : The BBC says the exit poll figures have been revised .
( The 10 pm figures were based on figures collected earlier in the day ; the figures were revised as the late numbers came in . )
The new figures are :
Conservatives : 305
Labour : 255
Lib Dems : 61
Others : 29
11.10 pm : Here are some extracts from a Press Association report about people being unable to vote :
Voters in Hackney , east London , were turned away from a polling station in Triangle Road after some had been forced to queue for more than an hour and a half , they said .
And police were called to a polling station in Manwood Road , Lewisham , south London , where around 300 people had yet to vote by 10 pm , Scotland Yard said .
There were reports of similar situations in other parts of the country .
In Hackney , where residents were voting for their MP , councillors and the borough 's elected mayor , at least 150 people were still queuing when the polls closed , according to Andrew Boff , Conservative mayoral candidate .
Ballot boxes are run in during the Houghton and Sunderland election count at Sunderland tennis centre earlier tonight .
Photograph : Gareth Copley / PA
11.05 pm : Lewis Baston has been looking at the Houghton and Sunderland result :
The result from Houghton and Sunderland South makes two things clear .
The Lib Dems had been shown picking up strongly in north - east England in some polls during the campaign , but there is no sign of that from this result .
Their share of the vote is even slightly down on 2005 .
It is much too early to say , but this adds some weight to the exit poll 's low number for the Lib Dems .
The other point to come over is a very high swing to the Conservatives in a working - class , north - eastern seat – 8 % .
This suggests either that the Conservatives are doing better across the board than the exit poll found , or that , despite all the speculation and Ashcroft money , the swing is actually fairly uniform .
We should be slightly cautious , though , because the boundary changes were particularly radical in the Sunderland area .
Houghton and Sunderland South is a newly created constituency with all new candidates , so the swing figures will be pretty approximate .
11.04 pm : FiveThirtyEight.com , the American polling website , has taken the exit polls figures and adjusted their own projections .
FiveThirtyEight think David Cameron is on course for a majority .
If the exit pollsters are using something more advanced like the PoliticsHome model to project their results – which accounts for Scottish results and gives Conservatives some extra credit in marginal districts – we 've generally been about 20 seats higher on the Conservative totals than their model on the same numbers .
So that would imply Conservatives at ~327 seats , almost exactly the 326 they need for the majority .
11.00 pm : Peter Kellner , the YouGov president , has just told the BBC that he thinks the Houghton and Sunderland South swing was consistent with the exit poll .
" There 's nothing here that says our exit poll is wildly wrong , " he says .
10.55 pm : We 've got the first result : Houghton and Sunderland South .
Labour have won .
Bridget Phillipson is the new MP .
Philip Cowley on Radio 4 says that 's an 8.4 % swing to the Tories .
That 's bigger than the exit poll suggests , he says .
10.54 pm : Henry McDonald says that , if the exit poll is accurate , it 's good news for the Democratic Unionists .
Henry McDonald .
If the BBC / ITN / Sky exit poll is correct then the 10 or 11 unionist votes in the House of Commons could be critical over the next few days .
While any Ulster Unionists elected to Westminster ( not guaranteed tonight by any means ! ) are wedded to the Tories the Democratic Unionist party will only back David Cameron if they meet their concessions .
The DUP's No 1 concession is the protection of the multi-billion pound block grant from London to Northern Ireland .
If Cameron needs DUP MPs ' support Peter Robinson 's party will undoubtedly extract a heavy price .
10.52 pm : Heidi Stephens likes the BBC coverage .
Heidi Stephens byline .
Photograph : Guardian
It 's all kicked off on BBC1 , with " silver - haired alternative king of England " ( Charlie Brooker 's words , not mine ) David Dimbleby holding court over a studio packed with enough shiny interactive media and massive video walls to drain the national grid .
If my ears did not deceive me , Andrew Neil promised to be speaking to Piers Morgan and Joan Collins later , plus maybe a few surprises .
What , more surprising than Joan Collins ?
The BBC have just informed us that Nick Clegg and his wife are at home , cooking dinner .
I fear there may be a great deal of filler this evening .
But still , if things start to drag , we can always turn back to C4 and discuss Brooker 's new hair .
By the way , I just heard Dimbleby say that Britain did not want a " pure " Labour government .
I missed that quote , but it 's telling .
The coalition bandwagon is rolling .
Photograph : John G Mabanglo/EPA
10.50 pm : Theresa
May did not proclaim victory , but Tory HQ seems to be saying that David Cameron has won .
They 've just sent me this :
Arnie Schwarzenegger calls DC to congratulate him on victory .
' Even though results are n't in we know the Conservatives had a great day '
When did Arnold Schwarzenegger become a UK psephologist ?
10.43 pm : Labour are negotiating with the Lib Dems now – live on TV .
Alan Johnson has on BBC and has just said that he would like to see both parties develop a plan for the alternative vote - plus .
Officially Labour is only committed to a referendum on the alternative vote ( AV ) .
AV is not proportional .
AV - plus is .
Jeremy Paxman has just asked Mandelson who won the election .
Mandelson said the public won .
Paxman then asked Theresa May .
To my surprise , she did not say the Tories won .
But she said there was a clear vote for change .
Paxman suggested that if Brown tried to hang on , it would look like a " coup " .
Mandelson would not accept this .
He said people wanted change , but not under a Conservative government .
10.41 pm : Lewis Baston has noticed another quirk in the figures .
Peter Kellner made an interesting point on the BBC , that the swing to the Conservatives was twice as high in Labour marginals where the Labour incumbent was standing down .
If true , this is remarkable .
In the climate of the expenses crisis in 2009 , people were expecting the death of the incumbency factor , because all MPs except a few " saints " were tarred with the same brush and there was a mood of " throw the bums out " .
We would also expect an election with a large swing between the parties to erase a lot of personal votes and incumbency as a factor , as it did in 1997 when the Tories were kicked out and the high personal standing of some of their MPs in their constituencies counted for nothing .
But , if what Kellner says is correct , incumbency looks more important than ever .
An unusually large number of Labour MPs in marginal seats retired in the run-up to the election .
It would be ironic if the loss of their personal vote was what tipped the balance towards a minority Tory government rather than a Lib - Lab coalition ( or if the exit poll is a little off - beam , the difference between the Tories having a majority or not ) .
10.40 pm : We 're hearing a lot of reports about problems with voting .
Labour sources have complained about people not being able to vote at some polling stations in Milton Keynes , Sheffield and Newcastle .
Harman has just told
Sky that she saw people queuing outside a polling station in her constituency just before 10 pm .
10.37 pm : Summary :
An exit poll put the Tories on 307 seats , 52 seats ahead of Labour but short of a majority .
Lord Mandelson has suggested that , if the poll is accurate , Gordon Brown will try to form a " stable " government with the Lib Dems .
10.35 pm : Tim Montgomerie , editor of ConservativeHome , has posted this :
Contrary to the exit poll , which has the Tories 19 short , we are expecting a good night for the Conservatives ; probably a small working majority .
David Cameron will become prime minister .
The party will make deep inroads into Labour territory but will not do well against the Liberal Democrats .
The Lib Dems may come third , winning 100 seats in total .
The exit poll has the Lib Dems only on 59 seats .
10.31 pm : My colleague Helen Pidd is in Luton .
She thinks we wo n't be seeing Esther Rantzen in the Commons .
I 'm in the ritz - free surroundings of the Luton Regional Leisure Centre to see if Esther Rantzen can win Luton South .
The buzz on the badminton court is that turnout was very high , so the result could be later than 3 am as originally forecast .
Betting types here say Esther will just about get her deposit back ( that 's the £ 500 she 'll get for winning 5 % of the vote ) but not a seat in parliament .
That 's life , eh ?
10.30 pm : Some spin from Tory HQ
Labour are on course to lose the most seats since 1931 .
10.30 pm : Jackie Ashley has reacted to the exit poll at Cif at the polls .
10.28 pm : My colleague Allegra Stratton has been getting reaction to the exit poll from the Lib Dem camp .
The Liberal Democrats were bullish after they appeared to have massively underperformed in the first exit poll of the night putting them four short of the number of seats they currently hold in the Houses of Parliament .
However , on seeing the exit polls , a senior Lib Dem suggested they were waiting to see the share of the vote , which they said might better reflect what they believe will eventually show to have been variation in national swing , which they said would show that they were closer .
" We had been talking in advance – this exit poll was set up for a two - party - race basis and of course it is n't really .
In close elections exit polls tend to be wrong anyway , and now we are clear that this was n't set up for an election of this kind .
We 've been talking for a few hours how it was going to be wrong .
They select which seats they go to and if they go to Lab - Con seats then of course it 's not going to reflect our surge . "
Another source said that the postal votes – which traditionally show a larger proportion having voted Lib Dem – and it has only three Lab - Lib Dem marginals .
10.20 pm : Michael Gove has told Radio 4 that , in the era of 24 - hour news , Gordon Brown would be under more pressure to resign immediately than Edward Heath was when he lost the February election in 1974 .
Heath , of course , tried to hang on , as did Baldwin in 1923 .
From what we 've heard from Mandelson and Harman , it sounds as if Brown is going to do the same .
If the exit poll is right , and Cameron expects to be in Downing Street by tomorrow night , he may well be disappointed .
10.19 pm : We are streaming the BBC 's election night results programme , presented by David Dimbleby , at the top of this page .
If you can't see the video player above , please manually refresh this page .
It will then stay playing while the text updates every minute .
10.17 pm : My colleague Martin Wainwright is in Sunderland ( see 9.26 pm ) .
He 's sent me this .
Sunderland 's Tenni Centre is buzzing with half an hour to go until the ballot boxes arrive and – incredibly – only another 40 minutes after that until the result is declared in Houghton and Sunderland South .
That is the plan anyway , and Sunderland has a proud reputation of ultra-speedy counting to uphold .
If young meteor Bridget Phillipson fails to get a handsome majority then it will look like a desperate night for Labour .
A much more interesting test comes with the second of the city 's three seats to declare ( that 's according to the plan ; could be different if the result is close ) , Sunderland Central , which David Cameron has called one of his party 's " wild card " possibilities .
It certainly has a strong Tory candidate in Lee Martin , leader of the resurgent Conservative group on the city council which polled better than Labour in the constituency 's local council wards .
That counting miracle now .
Well , Sunderland basically hires an Oompa - Loompa - style army of counters and then organises the arrival of ward ballot boxes according to a Great Scheme of the kind which Baldrick was always proposing to Blackadder , but a lot more effective .
As I write , most of the counters – bank tellers , shop staff and other deft - handed applicants – are sitting expectantly at their tables , party workers are arriving and , outside in the drizzle and very chilly twilight , knockers - up are frantically trying to harvest every last vote in .
10.15 pm : Lewis Baston , the Guardian psephologist , has been looking at the exit polls figures .
Rumours swirled before 10 pm that the Conservatives were doing better than expected and had perhaps benefited from a late swing in their favour .
No evidence of this from the exit poll , which is towards the top end of what Labour could be hoping for at 255 seats .
The Lib Dems are projected at 59 , which seems much too low , but it is difficult to call their seats accurately and it was the one significant error on the otherwise highly accurate exit poll in 2005 .
Exit polls are not infallible by any means ; they have got it right in the last three elections but famously came a cropper in 1992 when the projection was for a closely - balanced hung parliament but the outcome was a Tory majority of 21 .
The poll was not too bad in measuring the share of the vote then , but there were a number of bad calls in terms of specific seats .
The 2010 projection may alter a bit as the late data trickles in ( there were still queues at some polling stations at 10 pm ) , but a result other than a minority Conservative government would be a surprise on the basis of the 10 pm poll findings .
Politicians were already talking about electoral reform , and if the Lib Dems are really on 59 seats despite winning something like 25 - 27 % of the vote , the discussion can only become more urgent .
10.13 pm : Lord Mandelson has just been on Radio 4 saying that Brown would have the right to try to form a government if no party achieves a majority .
So , Harman and Mandelson are both signalling that Brown is not going to budge .
Interestingly , I do n't think the BBC described the result as the Tories " winning " .
Watch out for a monumental war of spin .
The Tories will declare victory , because that will boost their argument that David Cameron should be entitled to form a government .
Labour will say that no party has won .
As Martin Kettle explained in a blog yesterday , in a hung parliament situation these considerations could become immensely important .
10.10 pm : Harriet Harman has just told the BBC that the country needs a " strong " government .
She seems to be suggesting that Britain needs a Labour - Lib Dem coalition .
I think it might be time to take a look at my hung parliament reading list ( see 8.18 pm ) .
10.08 pm : David Dimbleby is being very hesitant about this .
If these figures are right , Cleggmania has achieved nothing – and the Lib Dems ( who won 62 seats in 2005 ) have actually lost seats .
Under these figures , Labour and the Lib Dems would outnumber the Tories – just .
David Cameron would declare victory and demand Gordon Brown 's resignation .
But Brown would be within his rights to hang on , and to try to get a Queen 's speech through parliament with the support of the Lib Dems and other minor parties .
Nick Clegg , who has said that the party that wins will have a mandate to govern but who would be more likely to support a Labour Queen 's speech than a Tory one , would have a dilemma .
10.00 pm : Here is the exit poll :
Conservatives : 307 seats
Labour : 255
Lib Dems : 59
Others : 29
There would be a hung parliament , with the Tories 19 seats short of a majority .
9.59 pm : My colleague Heidi Stephens is monitoring the TV coverage tonight .
She 's sent me this .
C4 is kicking tonight 's telethon with it 's Alternative Election Night , demonstrating that politics can indeed be funny , even if Jimmy Carr can 't .
Currently I 'm watching Come Dine With MP ( see what they did there ? ) , which is all a bit Comic Relief , with the added horror of watching Edwina Currie , Derek Hatton , Brian Paddick and Rod Liddle in the same room , eating .
Essentially it 's Rod Liddle being gratuitously rude about everything , and Derek Hatton banging on about how working class he is while tossing back champagne over his Berry Sorbet .
Which , according to Rod Liddle , sounds like " the Tory candidate for Frome " .
No , Rod , Annunziata Rees - Mogg sounds like the Tory candidate for Frome , and the reason I know this is because it 's down the road from my house .
Other things I have learned – Edwina Currie has a truly ghastly sofa and Brian Paddick is addicted to cream .
Who knew .
9.57 pm : The BBC 's election programme is starting .
Exit poll at 10 pm .
9.56 pm : I 'm told that if the spread betting figures have been moving in the last hour ( see 9.50 pm ) , that might be because punters with knowledge of the exit polls have been cleaning up .
Apparently this has happened before .
9.50 pm : Vincent Moss has been looking at the latest spread betting figures and he 's tweeted this .
Sporting Index now putting Tories at 325-330 .
Mid-point is JUST enough for an overall majority in the House of Commons .
ge2010 #
9.48 pm : You 've got just under 15 minutes left to vote .
What happens if you 're still in a queue when the clock strikes 10 ?
A colleague has called the Electoral Commission and they say that the last time a ballot paper can be issued is 10 pm .
So if you have one in your hand you 'll be able to go into the booth and post it in the box .
If you have n't got your hands on the ballot paper by 10 pm then you wo n't be able to vote .
Bad luck .
9.45 pm : Cif at the polls are running a live comment blog this evening , with contributions from Jackie Ashley , Martin Kettle , Anne Perkins and Julian Glover .
9.36 pm : My colleague Henry McDonald has sent me this from Belfast .
To bolster hardline republican support in South Armagh , Sinn Féin today enlisted the support of the convicted IRA sniper Michael Carragher .
Carragher , who was captured by the SAS during a covert operation in 1997 , was seen outside a polling station in Crossmaglen , working for the Sinn Féin MP Conor Murphy .
His journey from being one of the British government 's most wanted gunmen to an election worker personifies the republican movement 's shift from " armed struggle " to constitutional politics .
His presence at the polling station is also a bulwark against the growing presence of republican dissidents opposed to the current political compromise in Northern Ireland .
The message is that many of those who waged war against Britain , as Carragher did during the Troubles , now support the peace process .
Meanwhile , there has been a relatively high turnout in East Belfast , the home of the first minister , Peter Robinson .
Ulster Unionist tallymen told the Guardian they believed more than 60 % had bothered to vote in the constituency – significantly higher than the number who went to polling stations in last year 's Euro elections .
9.26 pm : We 're expecting to get the results from Sunderland before anywhere else .
They 're proud of getting the result out first in Sunderland and , according to Sky , even print the ballot papers on 80g paper instead of 100g paper to make the count faster .
But will the swing there tell us anything about the national trend ?
My colleague Tom Clark has been looking at the figures and concludes ... that it 's hard to say .
In 1992 , the Sunderland result showed Labour were in trouble , but in 1987 it suggested the party was doing much better than it eventually did nationally .
9.19 pm : While David Cameron has been chopping logs , Gordon Brown has been having a nap .
According to the Press Association , he went for a snooze at 8.30 pm .
And I thought he never slept !
PA also says Brown and his wife , Sarah , had lamb stew for supper .
9.15 pm : Here 's a picture of the queue at a polling station in Stoke Newington ( see 9.07 pm ) .
9.12 pm : According to the Press Association , David Cameron spent two hours at home today chopping logs .
Sounds very Gladstone .
Is he trying to appeal to the Lib Dems ?
9.07 pm : There 's been a lot of evidence pointing to a high turnout today .
Here are a couple of tweets on the subject :
@rjwood : Voted . 45 min queues at the stoke newington polling station .
#ukelection @uberuberrich : Huge queue outside polling station in Stoke Newington .
Definitely get the impression people really care this time round
My colleague Simon Rogers has been looking at the data on turnout since the war .
9.01 pm : It seems the police are n't taking any chances at the Barking count .
8.35 pm : Anthony Wells , at UK Polling Report , has got a good description of how tonight 's exit poll will work :
Interviewers stop every nth person coming out the polling station and give them a mock ballot paper to fill in , if someone refuses they are not replaced by another person .
Every hour , the papers are collected and phoned back to HQ , where they are weighted for differential response rates and crunched by people like John Curtice , Rob Ford , Clive Payne and Steve Fisher ( if you were watching the BBC 's campaign show last night , Steve was the chap demolishing the myth of bad weather helping the Tories ! ) .
The first result comes out at 10 pm on the dot , with a final projection at 11 pm or so .
The aim of the exit poll is to predict the seat totals , not the share of the vote , and the team will try to work out if there are different shifts in support in different types of seat .
The call is based on a probability of each seat going one way or the other , all summed up to make a seat total .
In terms of past accuracy , the exit poll last time got the Labour majority exactly right ( though they were slightly off with Conservative and Lib Dem seats ) .
Unless something goes terribly wrong , we should have a broad idea of the result a couple of minutes after 10 o'clock .
But Alex Barker , at the FT's Westminster blog , has produced seven reasons why tonight 's poll might be wrong .
John Curtice and Colin Firth , who led the team in 2005 , have said that they " fully acknowledge that getting the headline forecast exactly right owed much to luck " .
They 'll need bags of it this evening .
8.26 pm : My colleague Matthew Taylor has sent me some news about the anti-BNP campaign in Barking :
Campaigners encouraging the anti-BNP vote in Barking say turnout seems to be much higher than usual .
" Everyone seems to know that this is very very important , " says one volunteer .
Another reports BNP intimidation outside the polling station in Eastbury ward , which she says she has reported to the returning officer .
Organisers of the anti-BNP campaign say they have had around 150 volunteers so far , but do n't know if they will manage to keep Nick Griffin out .
8.18 pm : While we wait until the excitement really begins , there 's time to read up on what will happen in the event of a hung parliament .
For those interested , here 's a hung parliament reading list :
• Cabinet Office 's draft guidelines : A guide to the conventions , issued by Sir Gus O'Donnell earlier this year .
• Hung parliaments ( pdf ) : A 26 - page report from the House of Commons library , with history of hung parliaments in the UK and guide to the conventions .
• Democrat Audit's ' Governing without Majorities ' briefing ( pdf ) : A 10 - page analysis , critical of the current arrangements .
• Armstrong memo ( pdf ) : A memo written by Robert Armstrong on the unsuccessful attempt by Edward Heath to strike a deal with the Liberals in February 1974 .
• Institute for Government ' Making Minority Government Work ' report ( pdf ) : A 110 - page survey , with recommendations and an account of how minority government has worked in Canada , New Zealand and Scotland .
• Institute for Government briefing : An 18 - page presentation on hung parliaments .
8 pm : Robin Cook put it best .
On the back of the hardback edition of his Cook biography , John Kampfner quotes these words from the late Labour giant :
The two most exciting sights and noises are these : first , the colour and noise of a large field coming into a steeplechase fence , which is a tremendous spectacle ; the other is the clang of the tin ballot boxes as they hit the gymnasium floor coming off the backs of the trucks on election night .
I do n't agree with Cook about the large smelly animals , but I 'm with him all the way about election night .
Jonathan Freedland has written a nice piece today , headlined " Why I love polling day " , and I wish I had written it myself because I feel much the same .
You do n't need to know a huge amount about history to realise that there is something quite glorious about 45 million people deciding who is going to lead them , not with violence , but with scraps of paper and stubby pencils .
But enough waffle .
Who 's going to win ?
The BBC's Martha Kearney has had a steer .
Here are two posts that she 's put up recently on Twitter .
Lab campaign source tells they think 310 - 320 for Cons ; 280 for Lab. 71 % turnout Senior
Tory tells me they have small overall majority .
Martha 's figures seem implausible – if the Tories got 310 seats and Labour 280 , the Lib Dems would actually be losing seats – but she 's not the only person suggesting there could be a narrow Tory win on Twitter .
Adam Boulton says that 's the view of the " pols " ( politicians ) .
Good Evening .
Under 3 hrs until polls close and the exit poll .
V exciting .
Pols say narrow
Tory majority , polls say hung .
Boulton mentioned the polls .
Nine organisations have produced final figures , and they all suggest a Tory lead , ranging from nine points to four points .
Here are the figures :
Populus : Con 37 , Lab 28 , Lib Dem 27 – Con lead nine
ComRes : Con 37 , Lab 28 , Lib Dem 28 – Con lead nine
Opinium : Con 35 , Lab 27 , Lib Dem 26 – Con lead eight
ICM : Con 36 , Lab 28 , Lib Dem 26 – Con lead eight
YouGov : Con 35 , Lab 28 , Lib Dem 28 – Con lead seven
Angus Reid : Con 36 , Lab 24 , Lib Dem 29 – Con lead seven
Harris : Con 35 , Lab 29 , Lib Dem 27 – Con lead six
TNS BMRB : Con 33 , Lab 27 , Lib Dem 29 – Con lead four
Ipsos Mori : Con 36 , Lab 29 , Lib Dem 27 – Con lead seven
There 's more on the polls at UK Polling Report .
I 'll be blogging now throughout the night .
We 'll get our first proper sense of who 's right at 10 pm , when we get the exit poll .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Home improvement chain Lowe's Cos LOW.N issued a disappointing profit forecast for the rest of the year and dampened hopes for robust economic recovery in the second half , sending its shares down 3.8 percent .
A worker arranges a barbecue grill outside a Lowe 's store in Scottsdale , Arizona in this February 22 , 2010 file photo .
REUTERS / Joshua Lott
The outlook was particularly surprising after Lowe 's posted stronger - than - expected quarterly results .
It also weighed on shares of larger rival Home Depot HD.N , which fell 1.4 percent ahead of its quarterly earnings report , due Tuesday .
“ If you look at some of the economic estimates that are out there , a lot of them have started to push out when the timeline is for recovery , ” Lowe ’s Chief Executive Robert Niblock said on a call with analysts .
“ So , for example , the thought was originally that home prices would bottom in the second half of 2010 . ”
He views 2010 as a “ a year of transition ” for the home improvement industry , adding that “ it will likely be 2011 before we see significant growth . ”
Lowe ’s said it was still somewhat cautious about the state of the consumer and the economy as a whole .
New data from the New York Federal Reserve also pointed to a slower pace of recovery .
In an interview , Niblock said he expected U.S. economic recovery to come in “ fits and starts , ” adding that home prices probably will not bottom until the first half of next year .
Lowe ’s forecast second - quarter earnings of 57 cents to 59 cents a share .
Analysts on average were expecting 62 cents , according to Thomson Reuters I/B/ E/S .
For the full year , Lowe ’s sees earnings of $ 1.37 to $ 1.47 a share , up from its prior outlook of $ 1.30 to $ 1.42 .
Analysts were expecting $ 1.45 .
“ They are being somewhat cautious given the still - uncertain outlook for home improvement growth and housing and the fact that in the first quarter you had both the strong spring selling season and the appliance benefit , ” Sanford C. Bernstein analyst Colin McGranahan said .
STRONG SPRING QUARTER
In the seasonally strong first quarter that ended April 30 , Lowe ’s saw robust demand for fertilizer , potting soil and tools as many Americans spruced up lawns and gardens .
First - quarter net income rose to $ 489 million , or 34 cents a share , from $ 476 million , or 32 cents a share , a year earlier .
Analysts on average were expecting 31 cents a share , according to Thomson Reuters I/B/ E/S .
Sales rose 4.7 percent to $ 12.39 billion , beating the average estimate of $ 12.25 billion .
Sales at stores open at least a year rose 2.4 percent .
Many homeowners who put off renovations during the recession upgraded appliances to take advantage of a federal stimulus for energy - efficient goods and invested in homes they are likely to live in for a longer period of time .
Lowe ’s saw its customers venture beyond repair and maintenance categories in the first quarter .
For example , demand for discretionary items like riding mowers and gas grills was strong .
It also pointed to stronger - than - expected demand in some expensive categories like kitchen and bath .
“ Consumers are showing signs of re-engagement in home improvement , including discretionary projects and purchases of bigger - ticket products , which had taken a back seat during the worst of the economic downturn , ” Niblock said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement England coach Fabio Capello has made several surprise selections in his preliminary 30 - man World Cup squad .
Uncapped duo Adam Johnson and Michael Dawson both feature along with Dawson 's Tottenham team - mate Tom Huddlestone .
Jamie Carragher comes out of international retirement , while fellow defender Ledley King and the injured Gareth Barry have also been picked .
Stephen Warnock , Scott Parker and Darren Bent are chosen , with the final 23 - man squad to be announced by 1 June .
Under Fifa regulations , Capello is permitted to bring players into his 23 - man squad who were not included in the preliminary party .
But that would be an unusual move , meaning the final party he takes to this summer 's finals in South Africa is likely to come from the one he has already named .
England play Mexico at Wembley on 24 May and Japan in Austria six days later as part of a pre-tournament training camp .
606 : DEBATE
Now that the 30 - man squad has been named , who do you reckon wo n't make the final squad ?
Stratford - Hammer
That will provide Capello with time to work with a much - changed squad and put the finishing touches to his preparations .
The Italian revealed he tried to persuade Manchester United midfielder Paul Scholes to come out of international retirement , but failed .
" We tried to convince him to return but he said no , he 'd prefer to stay with his family , " revealed the former Real Madrid and AC Milan manager .
Capello has included 23 - year - old Joe Hart among his three goalkeepers after the Manchester City player enjoyed an outstanding season on loan at Birmingham .
Like Hart , left - backs Leighton Baines of Everton and Aston Villa 's Warnock have one senior cap to their names and are graduates of the England Under - 21 side .
But for cover at right - back and central defence , Capello has opted for experience with the return of versatile Liverpool defender Carragher , who appeared at Euro 2004 and the 2006 World Cup before retiring in the summer of 2007 .
With doubts over the fitness of Rio Ferdinand , and Wes Brown and Joleon Lescott ruled out through injury , Capello and assistant Franco Baldini managed to persuade Carragher into reversing his decision .
" The FA got in touch a few weeks ago and asked if I would have a rethink , due to injury problems , " said the 32 - year - old , who won his first senior cap in April 1999 .
" I said I would make myself available .
" The World Cup and Champions League are the highest levels of football .
I 'm not getting any younger , we have no Champions League football ( at Liverpool ) next season and I am keen to work under Fabio Capello . "
Despite a chronic knee problem , King 's selection was widely predicted after the Tottenham captain 's fine run of form in helping his club finish fourth in the Premier League .
Liverpool defender Carragher already has 34 England caps to his name " Ledley King is one of the best England defenders , " Capello told BBC Radio 5 live .
" He played four games in the last 15 days and told us he had no problems with his knee .
" My fitness coach is really good and knows everything .
We will speak with Tottenham 's fitness coach to know what Ledley is able to do but there are no problems . "
Dawson , King 's centre - half partner at White Hart Lane , has been rewarded for a tremendous season and will now hope to add some senior caps to his 13 under - 21 appearances .
" I 've been involved with England a number of times over the years but have unfortunately never won a cap , " said Dawson .
" When you 're playing for a top football club , as I have been this season , on a regular basis and putting in good performances , there 's always that chance of playing for England .
Luckily enough , I 've got the call . "
There was plenty of speculation over whether Chelsea midfielder Joe Cole would be selected but the 28 - year - old has bounced back impressively from cruciate knee ligament damage and a poor run of form .
" I followed Joe Cole for a long time when he was injured and when he started to play he was not so good , " Capello admitted .
" But now he 's fit and every game he has played with us he has always been good . "
Capello's other wide options include fit-again Aaron Lennon of Tottenham , Arsenal 's Theo Walcott and Shaun Wright - Phillips of Manchester City .
Former England Under - 21 international Zamora has been in prolific form
He was reportedly set to omit Barry because of the ankle injury that will keep him out until the start of June but the Manchester City midfielder , who has won 20 of his 36 caps under Capello and played in eight of England 's 10 World Cup qualifiers , has been included and will have a fitness check on 24 May .
There were rumours England might turn to Owen Hargreaves , the man Barry replaced in the team in September 2007 , but a knee problem has restricted the Manchester United midfielder to only one minute of first - team football in 19 months .
Manchester City's Johnson , Huddlestone , West Ham's Parker and Villa 's James Milner are also rewarded for fine seasons .
" I met with Hargreaves twice in Manchester but he's not fit to play and has n't played in 18 months , " said Capello .
" I trusted him but the last decision was his .
I hope he 'll be fit for the European Championship qualifiers in the autumn . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Fulham 's Bobby Zamora and West Ham's Carlton Cole both missed out on a striking berth , with Sunderland 's 25 - goal frontman Bent , Peter Crouch and Jermain Defoe of Spurs joining Villa 's Emile Heskey and prolific Manchester United forward Wayne Rooney .
" Zamora was a really important player but we spoke with him and he has a big problem with his Achilles , " Capello added .
" He said he can't play because he can't train every day . "
The World Cup runs from 11 June to 11 July and England open their Group C campaign against the United States in Rustenburg on 12 June before facing Algeria on 18 June and Slovenia on 23 June .
England 's 30 - man provisional squad for the World Cup finals :
Goalkeepers : Joe Hart ( Manchester City ) , David James ( Portsmouth ) , Robert Green ( West Ham ) .
Defenders : Leighton Baines ( Everton ) , Jamie Carragher ( Liverpool ) , Ashley Cole ( Chelsea ) , Michael Dawson ( Tottenham ) , Rio Ferdinand ( Manchester United ) , Glen Johnson ( Liverpool ) , Ledley King ( Tottenham ) , John Terry ( Chelsea ) , Matthew Upson ( West Ham ) , Stephen Warnock ( Aston Villa ) .
Midfielders : Gareth Barry ( Manchester City ) , Michael Carrick ( Manchester United ) , Joe Cole ( Chelsea ) , Steven Gerrard ( Liverpool ) , Tom Huddlestone ( Tottenham ) , Adam Johnson ( Manchester City ) , Frank Lampard ( Chelsea ) , Aaron Lennon ( Tottenham ) , James Milner ( Aston Villa ) , Scott Parker ( West Ham ) , Theo Walcott ( Arsenal ) , Shaun Wright - Phillips ( Manchester City ) .
Forwards : Darren Bent ( Sunderland ) , Peter Crouch ( Tottenham ) , Jermain Defoe ( Tottenham ) , Emile Heskey ( Aston Villa ) , Wayne Rooney ( Manchester United ) .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A mosque rises over Ground Zero .
And fed - up New Yorkers are crying , “ No ! ”
A chorus of critics — from neighbors to those who lost loved ones on 9/11 to me — feel as if they ’ve received a swift kick in the teeth .
Plans are under way for a Muslim house of worship , topped by a 13 - story cultural center with a swimming pool , in a building damaged by the fuselage of a jet flown by extremists into the World Trade Center .
The opening date shall live in infamy : Sept. 11 , 2011 .
The 10th anniversary of the day a hole was punched in the city ’s heart .
How the devil did this happen ?
Plans to bring what one critic calls a “ monster mosque ” to the site of the old Burlington Coat Factory building , at a cost expected to top $ 100 million , moved along for months without a peep .
All of a sudden , even members of the community board that stupidly green - lighted the mosque this month are tearing their hair out .
Paul Sipos , member of Community Board 1 , said a mosque is a fine idea — someplace else .
“ If the Japanese decided to open a cultural center across from Pearl Harbor , that would be insensitive , ” Sipos told me .
“ If the Germans opened a Bach choral society across from Auschwitz , even after all these years , that would be an insensitive setting .
I have absolutely nothing against Islam .
I just think :
Why there ? ”
Why , indeed .
A rally against the mosque is planned for June 6 , D - Day , by the human - rights group Stop Islamicization of America .
Executive director Pamela Geller said , “ What could be more insulting and humiliating than a monster mosque in the shadow of the World Trade Center buildings that were brought down by an Islamic jihad attack ?
Any decent American , Muslim or otherwise , would n’t dream of such an insult .
It ’s a stab in the eye of America . ”
Called Cordoba House , the mosque and center is the brainchild of the American Society for Muslim Advancement .
Executive director Daisy Khan insists it ’s staying put .
“ For us , it ’s a symbol , a platform that will give voice to the silent majority of Muslims who suffer at the hands of extremists .
A center will show that Muslims will be part of rebuilding lower Manhattan , ” said Khan , adding that Cordoba will be open to everyone .
“ We were pleased to see that the community welcomed us as an asset to lower Manhattan , ” she added .
“ The community board approved it . ”
Not so fast .
The Financial District Committee of Community Board 1 seems to have gotten ensnared in a public - relations ploy by mosque - makers .
At a May 5 meeting , the committee gave the project an enthusiastic thumbs - up .
But boards have zero say over religious institutions .
Board chair Julie Menin , blind - sided by the move , predicts “ this will be overturned by the full board ” later this month .
But the damage is done .
Wounds that have yet to heal are now opening , as mosque opponents are branded , unfairly , as bigots .
“ The worst tendency is the knee - jerk , emotional , angry , hateful response to acts of violence and war , ” said Donna Marsh O’Connor , who lost daughter Vanessa on 9/11 and supports the mosque .
“ I think it ’s racist tendencies . ”
Many more feel like Bill Doyle — doubly maimed as he ’s forced to defend himself against charges of prejudice .
“ I ’m not a bigot .
What I ’m frightful about is , it ’s almost going to be another protest zone .
A meeting place for radicals , ” said Doyle , whose son , Joseph , was murdered on 9/11 .
“ It ’s a slap in our face ! ” said Nelly Braginsky , who lost son Alexander .
Unclear is how the mosque will raise the $ 100 million - plus it needs .
“ We would be seeking funding from anyone who would help , ” Khan told me .
“ Seeking maybe some bonds or something like that . ”
At the May 5 community board meeting , she displayed a sign with names like “ Rockefeller Brothers Fund ” and “ Ford Foundation , ” which observers believed meant money is coming from those organizations .
But Khan says those groups merely gave money in the past , and no funding is yet in place .
There are many questions about the Ground Zero mosque .
But just one answer .
Move it away .
Insanity at the Albany nuthouse
It ’s crazy .
The wildly successful Kendra ’s Law — which allows New York judges to force dangerous psychos to choose between taking their meds or bedding down in padded cells — ends next month .
Families of the mentally ill love it .
So do crime victims .
But instead of insisting on making the law permanent , the state Office of Mental Health and loony - tunes activists have ganged up to back a compromise plan : Extend Kendra ’s Law five years , when it ’s likely to die .
And take some of us with it .
The law is named for Kendra Webdale , 29 , who was pushed to her death in front of a subway train in 1999 by a crazy man off his meds .
It ’s drawn the wrath of the straitjacket squad ever since .
Brooklyn Assemblyman Felix Ortiz , co-sponsor of the wimpy five - year - extension bill , sides with the loons .
“ I do believe that no one should be forced into treatment , ” he was quoted in the Legislative Gazette .
There ’s still a chance for Albany to stop the insanity .
Make Kendra ’s Law forever .
The attorney gender -al
Working and shopping at American Eagle Outfitters just became more fun for folks of all persuasions .
Attorney General Andrew Cuomo persuaded the retailer to change its policies forbidding men to dress like ladies and ladies to dress like the attorney general .
Plus , staffers will now be trained to watch whom they call “ he ” and “ she ” and the immortal “ heshe . ”
Thanks ,
Andy .
Now if you call me “ ma’am ” I ’ll hurt you .
Kagan a case of Amazin ’ grace
She has no judicial experience and a blank slate in place of written opinion .
But Elena Kagan , President Obama ’s pick for the US Supreme Court , has demonstrated an affinity for the underdog : She ’s a Mets fan .
It takes a strong , and probably crazy , New Yorker to love the Mets ( as I do ) .
I ’ll reserve judgment on the lady ’s brains .
Pssst !
Wanna buy a virgin ?
He ’s got a camera and a Nevada brothel .
Now , Australian filmmaker Justin Sisley says he ’s found a clutch of virgins ( or so they claim ) eager to give it up for a buck or $ 20,000 in a kind of modern - day slave auction that pairs the legally blind with the seriously hard up .
It ’s called reality TV .
Sisley has three people lined up to sell their virginity to the highest bidder , including Alex , who ’ll fly halfway around the globe because , he says , he wants to meet chicks , suggesting this buck would be better served by a warm bath and a call to his mom .
Purchasing sex is nothing new ( see , allegedly , Lawrence Taylor ) , but rarely has it been so public and sad .
Since swimsuit models and George Clooney are unlikely to bid on this bunch , I hope the virgins have strong gag reflexes and plenty of credit - card debt .
Enlarge By Tim A. Parker for USA TODAY Lisa Matthews says a short prayer before lunch .
She said she paid the full suggested price , and likes the idea of the cafe .
Imagine walking into a Panera Bread and picking out anything you wanted to eat or drink — then , at the end of the line , instead of handing your money to a cashier , you faced a donation box .
What would you do if you knew that some of the money you placed in the box would be used to train at - risk youths or to feed folks lacking funds to feed themselves ?
KINDNESS COMMUNITY : New ways we give and volunteer
That 's what Panera Bread is trying to find out this week in an outside - the - box experiment in St. Louis .
It 's a concept that has never been tested by a restaurant chain — and that marks a new career for Ron Shaich , who stepped down as Panera 's CEO last week .
" I 'm trying to find out what human nature is all about , " says Shaich , 56 , who has converted a former Panera - owned restaurant in an urban area of St. Louis into a non-profit restaurant dubbed Saint Louis Bread Company Cares Cafe .
( Similar cafes planned outside of the St. Louis area will be called Panera Cares Cafes .
Panera was founded in St. Louis and still brands its restaurants there as St. Louis Bread Company . )
A sign at the entrance says : " Take what you need , leave your fair share . "
Customers who can't pay are asked to donate their time .
The cafe opened Sunday and will operate seven days a week from 7 a.m. to 4 p.m .
While the store does have cashiers , they do n't collect money .
They simply hand each customer a receipt that says what their food would cost at a conventional Panera .
The receipt directs customers with cash to donation boxes ( there are five in the store ) .
Cashiers do accept credit cards .
Shaich considers the non-profit Panera Foundation to be his next big thing .
" My hope is that we can eventually do this in every community where there 's a Panera , " says the entrepreneur who bought Panera more than two decades ago when it had just 19 locations and grew it to more than 1,400 locations and upwards of $ 2.8 billion in annual sales .
He plans to open two more of the non-profit cafes in two more cities in the next six months , but declined to say where .
His goal is hundreds of Panera Cares Cafes around the country .
But first , this one has to work .
" It 's a fascinating psychological question , " says Shaich , who says he 's dreamed of doing something like this for years .
" There 's no pressure on anyone to leave anything .
But if no one left anything , we would n't be open long . "
Experts are divided on whether the concept can work .
" It 's a step forward not just for Panera , but for the whole restaurant industry , " says Dennis Lombardi , executive vice president at WD Partners , a food service consulting firm .
" You 'll see other restaurant chains thinking about doing the same thing . "
Not everyone agrees .
" I do n't think the honor bar system will work nationally , " says Marian Salzman , a trends consultant .
" While young people are very much attuned to helping out and making a difference , if they find themselves sitting next to other customers with whom they do n't feel comfortable , they 're not coming back . "
But the concept has worked , with surprising success , at a handful of individually operated community cafes in Salt Lake City , Denver and Highland Park , N.J.
Those cafes have all operated under the guidance of Denise Cerreta , founder of One World Everybody Eats , who has consulted with Panera .
The community cafes are open to everyone , she says , but are less of an attraction to the homeless and more of an attraction to folks who may have lost jobs or are facing other unexpected economic hardships .
She says that Panera is about to take community cafes to the next level .
" Ron Shaich is creating a tipping point of this movement , " she says .
" I think we 'll see a wave of people following . "
But all that Shaich really wants right now is for his first community cafe to work .
It looks like a Panera .
Its menu is identical to a Panera's .
It even puts the same antibiotic - free chicken in its salads and sandwiches .
The only substantive difference is that the baked goods — except bread used to make sandwiches — arrive one day old .
These are unsold items from other St. Louis Bread Company restaurants in the area .
This particular Saint Louis Bread Company site had been a marginally profitable company - owned restaurant .
Shaich was particularly fond of the location because he once lived just down the street — and ate at it often — when he formerly lived in St. Louis .
He converted the restaurant into a non-profit and reopened it Sunday .
As it turns out , he says , the location 's revenue was actually up 20 % on opening day vs. the previous Sunday .
What 's more , says Shaich , who spent Sunday and Monday at the cafe , one - third of those who ate at the restaurant left more than the suggested retail price .
Many have warned Shaich that this will fail .
He thinks otherwise : " The core of my life has been to make a difference .
Now , I 'm using my business background to make a difference in the world . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Every year , the Southern Ontario Mini Club organizes two charity drives – one in the Spring and one in the Fall .
Over time , the event has grown from a handful of participating cars to over 30 , and as such , this year the organizers let local law enforcement know where the caravan would be and when it would be there as a courtesy .
So far , so good , right ?
Not exactly .
During the first part of the drive , the convoy ran into a few members of the Ontario Provincial Police without incident .
One officer even went so far as to tell the organizers that there was only one other patrol for the rest of the route .
Turns out that was n't quite true .
Instead of providing an escort for the convoy or thanking the organizers for a heads up , the OPP set up a speed trap along the route where the limit changes from 100 km/h to 90 km /h .
When the parade of Minis came past , officers pulled over the whole lot , and cited three cars for going 121 - 123 kmh in a 90 kmh zone , or about 76 in a 55 .
One driver was also cited for having a radar detector and had his equipment confiscated .
Yes , setting up a speed trap on a charity drive is a prick move , but it gets worse .
The OPP evidently called the local television station beforehand so they could film the whole sting .
Once the station had the film , they broadcast a story claiming that 11 of the Mini drivers had been arrested for doing 50 kmh over the speed limit and that they had their vehicles confiscated as a result .
Even worse , the story claimed that some of the Mini drivers had their children with them and that the OPP had called the Canadian equivalent of child services on the parents .
Members of the Mini club complained to the station , and the video was taken down as a result , though no apology or retraction has been issued so far .
[ Source : The Garage Blog via Motoring File
( See Correction & Amplification Below )
Motorola Inc. has reached a deal with Verizon Wireless to ensure some of its upcoming smartphones will be heavily promoted by the largest U.S. carrier , a big boost as Motorola tries to turn around its struggling handset business .
...
To the inhabitants of Kandahar City , Ahmed Wali Karzai is a symbol of everything wrong with their home , an emblem of the murky nexus of warlords and criminal syndicates controlling southern Afghanistan 's largest city .
In the words of some residents , the half - brother of Afghanistan 's president is accused of being a " warlord , a terrorist " , a narcotics trafficker , and a contract monopolist .
Others wo n't even mention his name .
" I can't tell you anything about this .
I 'm too scared .
Someone might kill me , " one resident said .
Pressure on President Hamid Karzai to sack his brother from the provincial council he chairs has led nowhere .
Now , as military operations get under way in Kandahar 's rural districts – the " cornerstone " of Nato 's counterinsurgency campaign – Nato officials hope that they can co-opt Ahmed Wali and the handful of powerbrokers dominating the political landscape here .
" It 's very difficult to untangle but what 's really fuelling the insurgency is groups being disenfranchised , feeling oppressed by the institutions of state and criminal syndicates , " said Mark Sedwill , Nato 's top civilian official in Afghanistan .
The message was repeated in more than a dozen interviews with Afghan and Nato officials , private citizens , analysts and local journalists .
The biggest problem is not the Taliban , it 's the gangster oligarchs in charge .
Or as Sedwill put it : " I 'm not sure whether I 'm watching Godfather part 2 or Godfather part 3 . "
Forget the Corleones , Kandahar 's political order revolves around two families : the Sherzai and the Karzai .
An uneasy rivalry exists between them , symbolic of a wider tribal jostling between Sherzai 's Barakzai tribe and the Popalzai group to which the Karzai family belong .
Both families are allegedly linked to the narco - mafia , criminal gangs and government corruption , although Nato has been unable to provide President Karzai with hard evidence of his brother 's alleged involvement in illegal rackets .
" Like any mafia organisation the guys who really matter are not the ones you have any evidence against , " Mr Sedwill said .
Mr Ahmed Wali Karzai denies accusations of corruption
The absence of evidence has done nothing to assuage Ahmed Wali 's reputation for squashing opponents and accumulating power .
Allegations resurfaced in the New York Times this week , with Western officials claiming he was involved in a host of criminal activities , including money laundering , racketeering and electoral fraud .
They also claimed he paid insurgents not to attack his business interests .
Other sources said he oversees a number of armed groups .
Residents say that these private armies may be behind the assassinations of provincial officials such as Sitara Achekzai and Yunus Hosseini , whose deaths have been blamed on the Taliban .
And as thousands of US troops pour into Kandahar , Ahmed Wali has apparently been seizing land he thinks Nato may want to rent .
He already rents a compound outside the city to the CIA and US Special Forces , and helps the agency run a paramilitary strike force .
Gul Agha Sherzai , meanwhile , is a former governor of the province .
His brother , General Abdul Razziq Sherzai , is one of the two main beneficiaries of contracts on Kandahar airfield , one of Nato 's mega - bases .
Shunted out of office because of Western concerns about his involvement in the narcotics trade , he has emerged as one of Afghanistan 's most important power - brokers .
In his office behind rows of blast barriers , the provincial attorney general , Mohammas Ismael Zia , told The Independent that he often has to drop cases under pressure from members of Kandahar 's ruling elite .
" Many people call me from parliament , from the governor 's office , from the provincial council office , saying ' Release this man , drop that case , ' " he said .
" I am a weak man .
If I do n't accept their demands maybe I will get killed .
They are threatening me . "
" In Kandahar every criminal has a supporter and the supporter wants him released from custody , " he said .
" There are many warlords in Kandahar City .
Do n't write their names .
If I do n't accept their demands , they can make many problems for me .
They could kill me or remove me from this job .
So sometimes I ignore the rules . "
Also complicit in the problem are the police .
Tales of policemen springing kidnaps , selling arms to the insurgents and preying on civilians are commonplace .
One interviewee told the story of a man who refused to hand over his dog to a police commander , at which point the officers threw him in jail on suspicion of being an insurgent .
" The worst people , the addicts , the thieves , the drunkards are in the police , " Haji Abdul Karim , a tribal elder said .
" The best way for bad men to make money is to join the police . "
This collapse of the rule of law is one factor driving people towards the Taliban , with their reputation for impartial albeit brutal justice .
Balanced against the reputations of the warlord rulers in Kandahar City are those of Taliban commanders like Kaka Abdul Khaliq , who operates in the village of Pashmul , about 25 miles west .
Residents said he was well liked and respected .
" He treats villagers well because he understands them , " said Haji Mohammad Zahir , who knows him .
As gun battles rage in the outlying districts this summer , Nato wants to wage a political campaign in Kandahar City to remove the culture of impunity and provide jobs and security ; it 's not the Taliban but the power - brokers and crime syndicates there who are to blame for this situation .
Officials want to take a three - pronged approach .
By holding large numbers of shuras , or councils , and rolling services out into the districts , they hope to foster better , more inclusive governance .
They want to empower the mayor and governor to mitigate the influence of " malign actors " .
And they also want to push Afghan officials and elders to resolve tribal tensions over what some tribes see as an unfair distribution of resources .
The most visible example of this is in the dilapidated mansion outside Kandahar airfield owned by General Abdul Razziq Sherzai .
It 's a symbol of his grip on the market for contracts from Kandahar airfield – a major source of cash .
" The dis - equilibrium is clearly driving some of the insurgency , " one official said .
Nato has begun an informal review of the contracts it has awarded .
Establishing the political will at the heart of the Afghan government is also critical to repairing Kandahar 's political fabric .
" What it boils down to is getting down there with President Karzai , the key ministers , the governor , the provincial council chairman , the other big figures and saying ' Right , we 've got to sort out this political context because otherwise everything else we do , security , governance , development , is frankly just anaesthetising it , ' " Sedwill said .
The other day I was doing a little impromptu shopping .
I had already spent more than I wanted and I was about to pass the Williams - Sonoma store .
I said to myself .
“ Walk faster .
Faster .
Do n’t look in .
You do n’t need anything else .
Whatever you do …
… do n’t stop …
Do n’t look in the … ”
Dang .
They got me .
I really tried not to go in , but how could I be complete without these Star Wars Cookie Cutters .
I knew if I left empty handed , I ’d wish I had bought them in the off chance someone I know wants Boba Fett cookies one day .
So I went in , telling myself the whole time I would just have a peek .
I can resist .
I can resist so well that I only bought two .
One for me and one for you .
Okay , one for one of you .
Now , I like to bake to go along with a giveaway if I can , but I knew I would n’t have enough time to make and pipe these this weekend and I just could n’t wait to show you these cutters .
Plus , my piping skills might deter you from wanting to try them .
Piping royal icing is a skill I need to work on , but the way to go if you ’re up for it .
They ’d still be super cute just like this photo from the back of the box , though .
The cutters have plungers that make impressions in the sugar cookie dough as you cut shapes .
You can whip up some Storm Troopers …
A Dark Lord perhaps .
Maybe some Boba Fett ’s just so you can say the name over and over .
And you have to make Yoda , of course .
Make him you should .
And eat him you shall .
But … but wait … where ’s Chewbacca and R2 - D2 ?
What ’s up with that ?
I want to nibble on a little Wookiee .
And maybe a little Harrison Ford .
They need a second edition .
Fingers crossed .
The set comes packaged in a cute box with a recipe for cookies and icing .
Besides the kiddies going gaga for these , I think it would make a great gift for Daddy ’s Day .
Well , it might make some Daddy ’s Day , not all .
Find them at Williams - Sonoma or …
You can enter for a chance to win a Star Wars Cookie Cutter Set here :
• Leave a comment on this post sharing something about Star Wars .
Your favorite character ?
Favorite movie ?
How many star wars figurines your son has ?
Or maybe your husband ?
Or you ?
Whatever works .
• Deadline to enter is Saturday , May 22 at 12:00 noon ET .
Sorry , Time ’s UP .
Winner Below .
• One winner will be chosen at random and announced sometime Saturday .
May the force be with you .
Oh man… your Star Wars stories were a real treat to read .
So fun .
Thank you for sharing .
Wish I could give you all a set of these cutters .
But I only have one set to give away and that one is going to Commenter 3034 .
shannonwilli – congrats and tell your husband to brush off his yoda costume .
Fun times ahead .
After the sensory overload of Thanksgiving , all I want are the pure , soothing flavors of Japanese cuisine .
Most Japanese recipes involve some combination of dashi , soy sauce , sake , and mirin , yet the sum of these few components is always greater than the parts .
Aside from umami-intensive soy sauce , it must be all those free - flowing glutamates present in dashi that lend such complexity to each dish .
Most of the dashi I make goes towards miso soup and chawan mushi , the latter of which is not nearly as common in Japanese restaurants .
Chawan mushi is an egg custard — the most delicate , ethereal egg custard I know of .
The trick is to use as much liquid as possible in proportion to the eggs , which produces the soft , silky texture that 's the mark of an impeccable chawan mushi .
When properly made , the custard should be barely set and quivering .
We often use the word " quivering " to describe custard dishes , yet not all textures are delicate to such a degree .
Crème brûlée , for instance , is not so much " quivering " as " creamy , " and flan is better described as " jiggly . "
But chawan mushi truly quivers , a trembling mass of custard that seems to glide down your throat .
The Chinese make a similar egg custard from meat stock .
Compared to chawan mushi , the Chinese version seems thick and clumsy .
Both the Chinese and Japanese renditions start with a combination of eggs and liquid , steamed gently until set .
But the Japanese version varies in two important ways .
First , the proportion of liquid to eggs is much greater , such that the end result is impossibly silky .
Second , the liquid for chawan mushi must be strained through a cheesecloth prior to being steamed .
These two procedural differences are key .
Straining the liquid through the even finer sieve of a cheesecloth catches the wiry strands of egg whites as well as other potential impurities .
Stretching out the eggs until the liquid is barely capable of congealing — more than two - thirds cup liquid per egg — is another attribute of the Japanese version that makes it so distinctive .
Oftentimes , I 've broken chawan mushi by adding one too many tablespoons of dashi , making it impossible for the eggs to congeal into custard .
It 's never much of a problem to eat the mistakes .
Chawan mushi is delicious even when it breaks .
Instead of congealing , the eggs become suspended in the liquid , much like the appearance of miso paste in dashi .
When this happens , the custard becomes a cloudy soup with a thicker yet airy texture .
Chawan mushi is best with additions of meat , seafood , and vegetables .
Shiitake mushrooms , spinach , shrimp , and chicken are common additions to the custard , but many items pair well with the combination of eggs and dashi .
I like to use enokitake , a long , thin white mushroom commonly available at Asian markets .
Enokitake possesses a woodsy taste ; added to the custard , the mushrooms are best when sautéed beforehand , which reduces the liquid content and concentrates the flavor of the mushroom .
Finally , chawan mushi is only as good as the dashi you use .
Start with freshly made dashi for the most flavorful results .
You 'll know you 've succeeded when your spoon slinks down into the custard ; the tiniest amount of broth will exude , an indication that the mixture just nearly missed its breaking point .
Rand Paul wo n't answer Civil Rights
Act question
Moving from the Republican Primary to the general election means , for Rand Paul , addressing a broader set of issues than the anti-tax , anti-spending focus of his campaign .
And while he 's answered this question before , I 'm not sure he 's going to be able to get away with an evasive response to a question today on whether he would have voted for the Americans with Disabilities Act and the 1964 Civil Rights Act , which outlawed discrimination in public places and in the workplace .
Paul has suggested in the past -- and been attacked for suggesting -- that the federal government has no place regulating private business decisions , even on issues like race and accomodations for the disabled , and was pressed on the question -- three times -- on NPR just now :
" What I ’ve always said is , I ’m opposed to institutional racism , and I would have -- if I was alive at the time , I think -- had the courage to march with Martin Luther King to overturn institutional racism , and I see no place in our society for institutional racism , " he said in response to a first question about the act .
" You would have marched with Martin Luther King but voted with Barry Goldwater ? " asked an interviewer .
" I think it 's confusing in a lot of cases in what ’s actually in the Civil Rights Case ( sic ) , " Paul replied .
" A lot of things that were actually in the bill I ’m actually in favor of .
I ’m in favor of -- everything with regards to ending institutional racism .
So I think there ’s a lot to be desired in the Civil Rights -- and indeed the truth is , I have n’t read all through it , because it was passed 40 years ago and had n’t been a real pressing issue on the campaign on whether I ’m going to vote for the Civil Rights Act . "
Asked for a third time about that and the Americans with Disabilities Act , he explained his objections to the latter .
UPDATE : A reader notes that Paul articulated his view on the Civil Rights Act in an interview with the editorial board of the Louisville Courier - Journal ( which called his answer ( at around 1:00 ) " repulsive " ) .
Paul explained that he backed the portion of the Civil Rights
Act banning discrimination in public places and institutions , but that he thinks private businesses should be permitted to discriminate by race .
" I like the Civil Rights Act in the sense that it ended discrimination in all public domains , and I ’m all in favor of that , " he said .
" I do n’t like the idea of teling private business owners .... "
Image caption Mr Erdogan had been due to meet President Cristina Kirchner on Monday
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has cancelled the Argentina leg of his tour of Latin America .
It comes after city officials in Buenos Aires called off an event inaugurating a monument to the revered founder of modern Turkey , Mustafa Kemal Ataturk .
The Turkish foreign ministry blamed " hostile " interference from Armenian pressure groups in Argentina .
Turkey and Armenia remain in a long - running row over the 1915 mass killing of Armenians by the Ottoman Turks .
Armenian groups want Turkey to recognise the killings as genocide - Argentina is one of several countries to have done so .
President Cristina Kirchner is reported to have telephoned Mr Erdogan to express her understanding of his position , but to explain that the central government could not reverse the city government 's decision .
Mr Erdogan had been due to meet Ms Kirchner on Monday but will now travel directly to Chile for the next leg of the tour .
Well , who saw this coming ?
Froyo -- yes , the one and only Android 2.2 that got released via SDK today -- has already begun its grand voyage into hacky , totally unofficial device ROMs that are available to unhealthily brave users .
The two we 've got for your perusal here are for the Nexus One ( of course ) and Verizon 's Droid Eris , of all things ; our understanding is that both of them are ridiculously unstable and unpractical for actual use at this point , but it 's patently obvious that these guys are n't going to sleep until there are some solid firmware binaries on the interwebs .
Mountain Dew Code Red and bottles of No - Doz , fellas .
[ Thanks to everyone who sent this in ]
In response to the anti-immigrant Arizona law , Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity , known as the oldest , integrated and historically black Greek - lettered organization in the world , recently announced it will boycott the state and relocate its 104th anniversary convention from Phoenix .
The fraternity said it plans to boycott Arizona due to the draconian anti-immigrant law signed by Republican Gov. Jan Brewer last month .
Critics say the law criminalizes immigrants , violates civil liberties and encourages the racial profiling of Latinos .
“ Our national board of directors voted unanimously to rescind the location of Phoenix , Ariz . , as our meeting location , and to denounce the egregious immigration act signed recently by the governor of Arizona , ” said Herman “ Skip ” Mason Jr. , national general president of the fraternity in a statement .
“ It was the full opinion of the board that we would not host a meeting in a state that has sanctioned a law which we believe will lead to racial profiling and discrimination , and a law that could put the civil rights and the very dignity or our members at risk during their stay in Phoenix , Ariz . , ” said Mason .
The convention was scheduled to take place in July and will now be moved to Las Vegas , Nevada .
Organizers say the fraternity ’s special summit on the African American Male , was expected to attract up to 10,000 Arizona visitors .
It would have added hundreds of thousands of dollars in revenue to Phoenix ’s economy , they add .
Alpha Phi Alpha was formed in 1906 at Cornell University in Ithaca , NY and is viewed as one of the most influential groups in the country .
Notable civil rights leaders in its membership include U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations , Andrew Young .
Others are McDonald ’s President Don Thompson ; National Urban League President and former New Orleans Mayor Marc H. Morial ; CNN Political Analyst Roland Martin ; White House Deputy Associate Director of Intergovernmental Affairs Michael Blake ; and several high - ranking members of Congress .
The late civil rights leader Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall were also members of the organization .
Many of the fraternity ’s members held key posts during presidential administrations dating back to Ronald Reagan .
Several continue to serve under President Barack Obama .
“ Our late brother the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther king Jr. said , in a letter he wrote while sitting in the Birmingham Jail , ‘ injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere , ' ” said Mason .
“ Alpha Phi Alpha ’s decision to boycott Arizona continues that same fight , fought during the Civil Rights era . ”
Mason continued , “ We will not only speak with our voices and our feet , we will speak with our economic clout .
And we will not spend our money in Arizona and urge other organizations and people who believe in equality under the law , to do the same . ”
Supporters of the fraternity ’s decision to boycott Arizona say the move highlights Black - Latino unity and is an affirmation of broad African American solidarity for undocumented workers and immigration reform .
The fraternity has long stood at the forefront of the African American community ’s fight for civil rights .
Through its college and alumni chapters , the organization serves the community through its more than 600 chapters in the U.S. , Europe and the Caribbean .
Photo : Herman “ Skip ” Mason Jr. , left , celebrates the nomination of Barack Obama in 2008 at Denver ’s Invesco Stadium .
( Teresa Albano / PW )
I have n't written about Hugh Hewitt 's hackery for a long time , especially since he 's become Mr. Irrelevant in the conservative and Tea Party movement these days , but I have to highlight this exchange that our pals at Instaputz caught .
It says it all :
Michael Isikoff and Hugh Hewitt had an interesting discussion on Faisal Shahzad , the American citizen apparently behind the Times Square bombing plot .
Halfway through , Hewitt inadvertently gives what amounts to the conservative capsule view of due process : MI : And he waived , and he waived his Miranda rights .
Look , there probably will be a discussion of this .
But all I ’m saying is we are still a country of laws .
You ca n’t just make it up as you go along .
HH : But that ’s cliché .
MI : And you know , maybe …
HH : That ’s just cliché .
We ’re a country of laws .
I know that .
I teach it .
Yes , a cliché authored by John Adams .
Funny how the conservative reverence for the country 's founding fathers so often stops just short of defending the principles these men stood for .
We 're a country of laws only when it suits the Right .
Just as the religious right is against all things of Teh Gay rights ( except when they pay Rentboys to go on trips with them ) .
Digby has more :
​ After police caught a New Mexico man ordering marijuana from California , they claim he told them the proceeds were going toward higher education .
A police - traced “ controlled delivery ” to Albuquerque resident Louie Duran , 34 , contained about eight pounds of marijuana .
Detectives arrived at Duran ’s residence and saw him standing with another man , later identified as Andrew Vega , 27 , reports Blair Shiff of KRQE
Police allege that Duran said “ Booya ! ” when the undercover narc walked up with the pungent package .
The officer approached Duran and confirmed his identity .
Duran signed a FedEx form acknowledging receipt of the package , according to police .
​ The detectives then pulled back and watched as Duran walked up to Vega , handing him the package .
Vega got into his car and drove away ; the cops followed him and stopped the vehicle , putting him under arrest .
While searching Vega , police claim they found a digital scale in his pocket .
After his arrest , Vega said he did not want to talk to police and insisted on speaking with an attorney .
After awhile , Vega agreed to waive his right to an attorney and started talking .
“ [ Vega ] had purchased the marijuana from someone in California and had it shipped to [ his address ] , ” the report says .
“ [ Vega ] said he sells marijuana to pay for college tuition . ”
The New South Wales Government has been rocked by another scandal , with transport minister David Campbell quitting his portfolio after being caught using his ministerial car to visit a gay sex club .
Footage obtained by Channel Seven and broadcast on Thursday shows the senior frontbencher leaving Ken's at Kensington in Sydney 's eastern suburbs on Tuesday night .
The club bills itself as a venue for men who prefer men and offers a sauna , steam room and lounge .
Mr Campbell allegedly drove himself there in his ministerial car .
Sources have told the ABC there was a loud argument in his office on Thursday afternoon .
Mr Campbell announced his resignation in a statement last night , saying he was quitting for personal reasons .
He said the reasons behind his resignation did not relate to his ministerial duties .
In the statement he apologised to his wife , family , colleagues , staff and the community for letting them down .
He also asked for his family 's privacy to be respected and said it would be a difficult time .
Mr Campbell said he would remain the Member for Keira .
" I am incredibly proud of my achievements while serving as minister for transport , roads , police , small business , the Illawarra , regional development and water utilities , " Mr Campbell said in the statement .
New South Wales Premier Kristina Keneally has asked the community to show understanding towards Mr Campbell .
Ms Keneally says she has accepted his resignation on compassionate grounds as he clearly needs time to work through a difficult period with his family .
In a statement , she has thanked him for his tireless work and says he has carried out his ministerial duties with dedication and success .
While Mr Campbell reportedly drove to the venue in his ministerial car , the ABC understands that is not a breach of the rules as the guidelines allow the cars to be used for personal reasons .
Public interest ?
Mr Campbell 's last few months as transport minister were tough .
He weathered heavy criticism for his handling of a massive traffic jam on the F3 freeway that connects Sydney and Newcastle .
His departure also comes soon after Labor backbencher Karyn Paluzzano resigned from Parliament after she admitted lying to the Independent Commission Against Corruption about falsifying employee pay forms .
The journalist responsible for breaking the story , Adam Walters , says it was in the public interest to broadcast details of Mr Campbell 's personal life .
" It 's blindingly obvious that since 1999 Mr Campbell has purported to be a family man , " he said .
" He 's represented himself to the people of Kiera as a family man , even going to the extent of sending Christmas cards to his constituents highlighting the fact that he is a man of family values .
" This is about pretence , it 's about integrity , it 's about character . "
Kellie MacDonald from the Gay and Lesbian Rights Lobby says it is disappointing so much attention has been paid to Mr Campbell attending a gay club .
" I think it is indicative of a homophobic culture to focus on the fact he was at a gay venue rather than focus on the fact he was allegedly misusing government resources , " she said .
Cameron Murphy from the NSW Council for Civil Liberties says he is worried that what should be a private matter for Mr Campbell has entered the public arena .
" This is essentially a private matter .
It is a matter for him and for his family .
It has got nothing to do with anybody else .
No -one 's sexuality is a matter of public interest , " he said .
Cabinet reshuffle
Mr Campbell 's resignation has sparked a reshuffle .
John Robertson will be the new Transport Minister while David Borger has been handed roads .
Mr Borger 's housing portfolio has been given to backbencher Frank Terenzini , who also picks up small business .
Mr Robertson 's portfolios have been handed to Paul Lynch .
Peter Primrose has also been given extra responsibilities .
A swearing in ceremony will be held as soon as possible .
Mr Campbell recently came under pressure to resign over his handling of an accident on the F3 north of Sydney .
The accident left motorists stranded for hours .
The Opposition also called for him to stand down over the tens of millions lost on the scrapped CBD Metro .
While the opposition leader Barry O'Farrell has declined to comment formally on Mr Campbell 's resignation , he has responded on Twitter .
Mr O'Farrell says he is concerned the reshuffle means more delay in fixing the state 's problems , as Government MPs try to get themselves up to speed in new portfolios .
Chris Brown from the Tourism and Transport Forum says he is hopeful the change of minister will bring about a fresh pespective on Sydney 's congestion problems .
" I 'm confident in what we 're hearing already that there might be a renewed focus on western Sydney particularly and the needs of how we cope with 7 million people in this city , " he said .
' A scandal every few months '
The resignation is yet another blow for the scandal - plagued New South Wales Labor Government .
Former Premier Morris Iemma used to joke there was a scandal for the State Government every few months .
However , just two weeks ago the Parliamentary Secretary Karyn Paluzzano quit parliament after admitting lying to the state 's anti-corruption body , the ICAC .
Last year John Della Bosca Bosca quit his health portfolio when it emerged he had had an affair .
Tony Stewart was sacked as small business minister after he was accused of inappropriate behaviour towards a staff member .
After less than a week in the job , Matt Brown was sacked as police minister for dancing in his underpants at a party , while in 2006 Carl Scully resigned from the police ministry for misleading parliament
Former Aboriginal affairs minister Milton Orkopolous was jailed for child sex offences in 2008 .
Additional reporting by Mark Tobin , Michelle Brown and Mark Douglass .
The Thai situation seems different , now that the king , who is 82 , has been ailing .
“ Thailand has essentially had a system whereby the Bangkok elite did n’t mind an upcountry government just so long as the Bangkok elite could decide when that government had to leave office , ” said Karl D. Jackson , head of the Southeast Asia studies program at the School of Advanced International Studies at Johns Hopkins University .
“ From around 1992 down to 2001 , there were weak coalition governments that were essentially pushed aside when they became too grotesquely corrupt . ”
The system seems to have been permanently upset by the election of the now exiled tycoon Thaksin Shinawatra in 2001 .
Mr. Thaksin was the sort of charismatic populist that is sometimes generated by democracies , especially during periods of uncertainty .
Mr. Jackson likens him to Huey P. Long , the Depression - era governor of Louisiana and later senator who was adored by his supporters but seen as a dictator in the making by his opponents .
The comparison with Mr. Thaksin seems very apt .
He was , and remains , wildly popular among the rural poor who provided the foot solders for the recent Bangkok protests , but the Thai establishment saw him as corrupt , a blatant buyer of rural votes and a threat to the monarchy itself .
And so , what is commonly referred to as the Bangkok elite removed him from power in 2006 , thereby setting the stage for the political stalemate that has lasted ever since .
“ The fundamental problem of the Thai political system is that most of the money is in Bangkok and most of the votes are outside of Bangkok , ” Mr. Jackson said , describing the impasse .
Is there a way out ?
One possibility is that the two major factions in Thai politics , the Bangkok elite and the upcountry majority , can draw a lesson from the recent violence and moderate their behavior , though this might well mean , when the next elections are held , that yet another pro-Thaksin or Thaksin - like government will be elected .
“ What the Thais have come up against is what the Brits came up against in 1832 , when the aristocracy of Britain had to decide , ‘ Will we enlarge the franchise to give people who are not like us some real power in society ? ” ’
Mr. Jackson said .
“ The Brits made the right decision .
Will the Thais make the right decision ?
Unless Bangkok finds a compromise method for sharing power , political instability and even violence may continue . ”
Image caption South Korea wants China to increase pressure on its old ally
China " will not protect " whoever sank a South Korean warship in March , Premier Wen Jiabao has said .
" China objects to and condemns any act that destroys the peace and stability of the Korean peninsula , " Mr Wen was quoted as saying after talks in Seoul .
South Korea has blamed the North for sinking the Cheonan with a torpedo .
Beijing is under pressure to take a strong stance against North Korea but so far has not accepted the findings of an independent investigation .
" The Chinese government will decide its position by objectively and fairly judging what is right and wrong about the incident while respecting the international probe and responses to it by each nation , " said Mr Wen .
Beijing has previously called for all sides to show restraint .
The BBC's John Sudworth in Seoul says Beijing 's refusal so far to condemn its old ally has been a major source of frustration to South Korea and President Lee Myung - bak .
But some in South Korea will see Mr Wen 's comments as a sign of a subtle and careful shift in position by the Beijing authorities , says our correspondent .
A spokesman for Mr Lee said Seoul was " fully concentrating on diplomatic efforts to hold North Korea responsible " for the 26 March attack on the Cheonan , which left 46 sailors dead .
In a rare news conference on Friday , North Korea again accused the South of " fabricating " evidence , and warned an " extremely serious situation is being created in the Korean peninsula in which a war may break out at any moment " .
Sanctions
South Korea says an investigation involving international teams uncovered indisputable evidence that North Korea fired a torpedo at the ship .
ANALYSIS
Wen Jiabao's comment buys Beijing a bit of time and prolongs the really difficult decision - choosing between its understandable desire not to provoke its prickly neighbour , and its need to be seen to be acting as a responsible global power .
The dilemma highlights , some observers say , a tension within China 's ruling elite .
For the old guard the ties with North Korea run deep , forged on the battlefield of the Korean War in which many Chinese lives were lost fighting on the northern side .
For the new generation of leaders , China 's growing relationship with South Korea is the way of the future , with two way trade now worth more than $ 150 bn ( £ 100 bn ) a year .
In the end , these younger voices may win out and North Korea may become to be seen , not as an ally but as a strategic liability .
That would be a very bleak prospect for Pyongyang indeed .
Q&A : Inter - Korean crisis Decoding North Korea 's wrath
Investigators said they had discovered part of the torpedo on the sea floor which carried lettering that matched a North Korean design .
Seoul has announced a package of measures , including a halt to most trade with North Korea and is also seeking action via the United Nations Security Council .
Pyongyang , which fiercely denies the allegations , has retaliated by scrapping an agreement aimed at preventing accidental naval clashes with South Korea .
It also warned of an immediate attack if the South 's navy violated the disputed Yellow Sea borderline - the site of deadly naval skirmishes in 1999 and 2002 .
On Tuesday , North Korea announced it would sever all ties with the South .
It had also banned South Korean ships and planes from its territory .
At the press conference in Pyongyang on Friday , North Korea 's policy chief , Maj Gen Pak Rim - su , accused Seoul of trespassing in its waters and " kicking up a frenzy for confrontation " .
He said blaming North Korea for the sinking was " an open declaration of war and a heinous criminal act which drives inter-Korean relations to the situation of war and the self - destruction of digging their own grave " .
Meanwhile , Japan has said it is tightening its already stringent sanctions against North Korea .
It said it was lowering the amount of cash which individuals can send to North Korea without declaring it from 10 m yen ( $ 110,000 ; £ 76,000 ) to 3 m yen .
The parliament in Tokyo also passed a bill to enable the Japanese coastguard to inspect vessels on the high seas suspected of carrying North Korean weapons or nuclear technology , in line with a 2009 UN Security Council resolution .
The Associated Press news agency quoted the head of the Public Security Intelligence Agency as saying he had ordered officials to keep a closer eye on the some one million North Koreans living in Japan .
North and South Korea are technically still at war after the Korean conflict ended without a peace treaty in 1953 .
Beijing , China ( CNN ) --
About five to six men , armed with knives and cleavers , rushed into a college dormitory in southern China on Wednesday , wounding nine students -- one of them seriously , state media said .
The pre-dawn incident is the latest in a series of knife attacks in the country in recent weeks .
The men burst into a dormitory at the Hainan Institute of Science and Technology in Hainan province and hacked away at anyone they came across , the China News Network said .
One student had his hand cut off , while eight others suffered varying degrees of injuries , the news agency said .
The attack differed slightly from other recent attacks in that the victims were college students .
Last week , a man was sentenced to death for attacking 29 kindergarten students and three teachers with a knife April 29 , according to state media .
Also last week , a man with a kitchen cleaver hacked seven kindergarten students and a teacher to death at a school in northwest China before returning home and committing suicide , state media reported .
CNN's Jo Kent and Helena Hong contributed to this report .
Forget which body - shape is ‘ fashionable ’ – women are more than just their bodies , argues Lara Williams
Beth Ditto ’s appearance on the cover of the inaugural issue of Love Magazine ’s – Condé Nast ’s latest trendy publication – has prompted the inevitable deluge of headlines declaring curvy women to be back .
But before you swap your South Beach diet for some Southern fried chicken – consider the evidence .
Yes , Kate Winslet looked recently ravishing in all her buxom glory at this year ’s Golden Globes .
But she did at the 1997 Oscars ( just after Titanic came out ) .
And again at the 2004 premier of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind .
All outings dutifully prompted a carousel of headlines asserting the resurgence of the curvier female form .
Except that did n’t happen , did it ?
Just as music publications with predictable regularity run features on a revival of ‘ women in rock ’ , women ’s titles have a propensity to occasionally proclaim a revival of female celebrities weighing more than their handbags .
They probably think they ’re doing us a favour .
Similarly to the aforementioned ‘ women in rock ’ pieces unintentionally suggesting women in rock are a sort of peculiarity , an anomaly , so do ‘ curvy celebrity ’ headlines relegate heavier celebs to the status of something quite absurd .
Almost as patronising as being told “ men prefer a bit of something to grab hold of ” .
( Do they really ?!
I must EAT . )
Mimi Spencer ’s recent feature in The Guardian , headlined “ The end of thin ” , wrote of a “ seismic shift ” – in attitudes to the very thin – citing stylist Rachel Zoe ’s evangelicals ( LiLo , the Olsen twins , Nicole Ritchie ) as looking curiously outdated .
Consequently , Mimi argues the obsession with thin has reached its apex and it is time we re-embrace our “ curvy selves ” .
But it ’s not an obsession with thin .
It ’s an obsession with bodies .
Specifically , female bodies .
And articles lauding plus - sized women are every bit as damaging as those which glorify the very thin .
Whether positive or negative , it is still part of the incessant accentuation and examination of women ’s bodies .
I recently listened in awe as an acquaintance described their recent weight loss as them ‘ bettering ’ themselves
We ‘ know ’ size 14 women are happier than size 6s .
We do n’t however know if 6 ’ 2 ″ men are more likely to be body confident whilst their 6 ’ 1 ″ counterparts wake up in the middle of the night crippled by feelings of inadequacy because they had to stand on tiptoes at a Snow Patrol gig .
We know more about Michelle Obama ’s arms than we do her Harvard law degree .
Her figure is subject to greater scrutiny than how it might feel to be the first black first lady of the US .
Because who cares , right , with toned biceps like that ?
Female celebrities are asked about how they keep in shape with the tired rigmarole of journalists citing the credit crunch as inspiration for every cultural fad of the past six months .
It is simply a matter of course .
Off the top of my head I could name the exact weight of at least three US film actresses .
If pushed , I could probably name their diet .
The female form has been cut up and dissected – literally , dissected .
Individual body parts are circled and their virtues or failings highlighted – laid out for public consumption and comment .
It needs to stop .
We need to shift the focus away from our figures and put an end to the reinforcement of the idea that women are simply their bodies .
Putting on or losing weight is apparently these days some sort of great achievement .
It is the way in we have become accustomed to gauging personal success , and it is how women are judged and evaluated against each other .
I recently listened in awe as an acquaintance described their recent weight loss as them “ bettering ” themselves .
You need only visit a newsagent to see magazine covers equally resplendent with images of “ beach bodies ” and “ curvy goddesses ” , alike .
Bafflingly contradictory in their admonishment and praise of nearly every body type .
And that ’s the magazines catering for women .
These days , there is likely to be more female ‘ flesh ’ in Heat than there is in FHM .
We ’re objectifying ourselves .
When a woman in the public eye loses weight , as most of the media have it , she ’s let the side down .
Fallen victim to the vicious pressure of conforming to size zero .
When she ’s put weight on , well , she ’s fat .
Adverts sell toning gels and diet pills as if they ’re some sort of necessity .
Something we might pick up alongside bread at ASDA .
A current advert for anti-aging eye cream includes the line “ until you seek a more permanent lift ” , as if plastic surgery is but the accepted norm .
I ’m sure we could all find better things to spend our money on .
Did we really put on hold the struggle for equal pay in lieu of struggling to squeeze into our ‘ skinny ’ jeans ?
Recently , events took place across the globe for International Women ’s Day .
One of the events I visited featured a wall on which women could list thoughts which they found empowering .
Amongst the many fervent scribblings , one phrase stood alone – “ The knowledge that I am more than just my body . ”
If we could all get to grips with this , it might just be one of the most empowering thoughts for women in the 21st century .
The Federal high - risk pool will be an insurance program administered by the Federal government .
The program will set premiums , determine eligibility , and administer payments for services .
Like any other insurance program .
The only difference is that
--
It is scheduled to expire at the beginning of 2014 , when private insurers will no longer be able to reject people with pre-existing conditions .
-- Only a certain subset of people ( those with pre-existing conditions without coverage ) , will be eligible .
So let 's think about this .
In a few months the Federal government will have set up all the necessary infrastructure to run a nationwide health insurance program .
Thanks largely to Republican Governors , the program will be up and running in at least 18 states , including two of the most populous states in the nation : Texas and Florida .
It will serve at least hundreds of thousands , and potentially millions , of people .
It will be , for all practical purposes , a public option -- except for the fact that the general public can't use it ...
( In fact , the Public Option , as specified by the House bill that defined it , restricted access to those not covered by employer health care plans , so it would have been available to a limited set of people as well ) .
Now let 's imagine that it is 2013 .
Insurance premiums have risen relentlessly despite the best , but impotent , efforts of the Government to control them ( you did n't think those notices for 30 % premium increases were going to stop , did you ? ) .
The demand for the government to ' do something ! ' about skyrocketing costs has grown ever louder .
The Public Option , already known to be a big - time Government debt reducer , is back in play .
If you were a rational member of Congress ( okay , okay , spare me the obvious ) , might you not say to yourself " Rational member of Congress , we already have the infrastructure for a national health insurance system -- the high - risk pool being run so ably by Secretary Sebelius .
Why not use that mechanism to provide a public option to anyone who wants it ?
And do it within a few months of passage of my law making it so , instead of setting up yet another completely independent and separate program which could take years ? "
Why not indeed ?
( Of course , a rational person , as opposed to a member of Congress , might argue that we already have all the infrastructure needed via Medicare ; that simply allowing people to buy in at cost to Medicare would make even more sense .
Unfortunately , we can only assume a small subset of Congress is that rational , because there are only 19 co-sponsors of Alan Grayson 's bill which does just that ) .
You can find more information on the high - risk pool here , on the Health and Human Services Department website : High Risk Pool Fact Sheet .
Here are the states known to be opting for a Federal program :
Alabama Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Indiana Louisiana Minnesota Mississippi Nebraska Nevada South Carolina Tennessee Texas Wyoming Virginia
What is the main objection these states have to administering their own risk pools ?
Being associated in any way with ' Obamacare ' is probably the real reason , but the stated explanations are that the states could end up shouldering the cost of the program , despite HHS assurances to the contrary .
Contrast HHS 's statement and the statements of various Governors :
Statement by Jenny Backus , Assistant Secretary of HHS :
Whether states create these pools or the federal government creates them for states , the pools will be paid for by 100 percent federal dollars and most importantly --- uninsured people around the country will soon have access to another affordable coverage option .
Statements by various State Officers rejecting state - run plans :
... unfortunately Florida is not in a position to authorize new financial obligations .
Governor Crist of Florida
But you do n't have to ...
" Nebraska cannot afford to subsidize a second high - risk insurance program . "
Governor Heineman of Nebraska
Aside from the fact that no one is asking you to , I 'm with ya ...
Riley said the federal allocation for Alabama and the premiums collected would not be sufficient to cover the costs incurred by a state - run program .
Governor Bob Riley of Alabama
Except that by the statutory language of the health care law , the premiums ( along with the subsidies ) have to be enough ...
" As we 've seen in federal education and stimulus programs , the administration is again asking the states to commit to a program without knowing the rules of engagement ... "
Governor Perry of Texas
Rules of engagement : Say stupid , untrue things , then repeat .
... John Oxendine , a Republican candidate for governor , wrote to Sebelius that he could not let Georgia join a program " which I believe the Supreme Court will hold to be unconstitutional . "
Insurance Commissioner Oxendine of Georgia
Only in John Oxendine 's mind is the high - risk pool going to declared unconstitutional ...
... Daniels ( R ) said he could n't allow " exposing Indiana taxpayers to an open - ended and potentially enormous new burden . "
Governor Daniels of Indiana
I find it highly amusing that the paranoid fears of Republican governors are going to soon lead to nationwide health insurance infrastructure and a large , Federal health insurance program being created , a for - all - practical - purposes public option that dares not call itself such .
To be fair , there is a serious concern that the $ 5 billion allocated by Congress to see the high - risk program through until 2014 will not sufficient .
If the monies allocated are not sufficient , then something must give , by law :
-- The Secretary of HHS has the authority to raise premiums , and / or
-- The Secretary of HHS has the authority to restrict entry
to ensure the fiscal integrity of the program .
There is , of course , another option : Congress could allocate more money for the program .
If more people are using it than were anticipated , this would make perfect sense , no ?
Would Congress , which routinely allocates tens of billions of dollars in emergency funding for unemployment benefits during a recession , really allow cancer and AIDS patients to die because they are being denied access to health insurance insofar as the high - risk pool is in danger of being insolvent ?
Come to think of it , Speaker John Boehner and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell just might .
First , let me preface the rest of this announcement by saying that one of the biggest reasons we discontinued leagues before was because of the high percentage of players dropping out before the end of the season .
It ended up not being worth our time to keep these leagues organized and running when so few people were willing to stay committed to the end .
We are willing to give leagues another try , but it is going to be up to you guys whether season 11 is a new start , the first of many seasons to come , or just the last time we try it .
If we have the same problems with dropouts , this WILL be the last season .
Therefore , do not sign up for leagues unless you are committed to sticking them out .
Your actions affect other people , and not only do large numbers of dropouts make the leagues less fun for the people participating , but your dropping out will help ensure that this is the last time we try it .
Stick it out and you are helping to make it worth the time that goes into organizing it and are helping ensure that we do these again .
6/5/10 : Official signups are now open !
Even if you were signed up before , you need to sign up again -- all the signups were cleared out and we narrowed down to the 18 leagues that we are going to run .
Sign Up Here
A general , tentative schedule appears below :
Before you commit , be sure you are going to be available to play and submit scores for all of those weeks .
Songs for each round will be announced at midnight on Saturday nights , and you will have until the following Saturday night at midnight to submit .
Here is the final list of RB leagues that will run :
RB2 ( On - Disk ) Expert Guitar
RB2 ( On - Disk ) Expert Bass
RB2 ( On - Disk ) Expert Drums
RB2 ( On - Disk ) Expert Vocals
RB2 ( On - Disk ) One - Man Band ( Open Difficulty )
RB2 DLC Expert Guitar
RB2 DLC Expert Drums
RB2 DLC Guitar - Bass Co-Op
RB2 DLC One - Man Band ( Open Difficulty )
Green Day : Rock Band Expert Drums
Interested in Guitar Hero leagues ?
See the announcement here .
_________________
Interrobang !
Full Band Vids / Solo Vox Vids on YouTube | Facebook | Twitter | Solo Accomplishments Thread Vocalist / Guitarist / Bassist for The PermaRockers | Vocalist / Bassist / Pather for Now - Retired Band Interrobang !
Due to the positive response received in regards to the possibility of restarting Scorehero 's Guitar Hero and Rock Band leagues , we will indeed be holding an 11th season .
First , let me preface the rest of this announcement by saying that one of the biggest reasons we discontinued leagues before was because of the high percentage of players dropping out before the end of the season .
It ended up not being worth our time to keep these leagues organized and running when so few people were willing to stay committed to the end .
We are willing to give leagues another try , but it is going to be up to you guys whether season 11 is a new start , the first of many seasons to come , or just the last time we try it .
If we have the same problems with dropouts , this WILL be the last season .
Therefore , do not sign up for leagues unless you are committed to sticking them out .
Your actions affect other people , and not only do large numbers of dropouts make the leagues less fun for the people participating , but your dropping out will help ensure that this is the last time we try it .
Stick it out and you are helping to make it worth the time that goes into organizing it and are helping ensure that we do these again .-- all the signups were cleared out and we narrowed down to the 18 leagues that we are going to run . ( and make sure you are logged in or it wo n't work ) A general , tentative schedule appears below :
Before you commit , be sure you are going to be available to play and submit scores for all of those weeks .
Songs for each round will be announced at midnight on Saturday nights , and you will have until the following Saturday night at midnight to submit .
Here is the final list of RB leagues that will run: RB2 ( On - Disk ) Expert GuitarRB2 ( On- Disk ) Expert BassRB2 ( On - Disk ) Expert DrumsRB2 ( On - Disk ) Expert VocalsRB2 ( On - Disk ) One - Man Band ( Open Difficulty ) RB2 DLC Expert GuitarRB2 DLC Expert DrumsRB2 DLC Guitar - Bass Co-OpRB2 DLC
One - Man Band ( Open Difficulty ) Green Day : Rock Band Expert Drums_________________
Last edited by woozerkristen on Tue Jun 08 , 2010 6:38 pm ; edited 3 times in total
( CNN ) --
A woman who admitted her role in kidnapping Utah teen Elizabeth Smart in 2002 was sentenced Friday to 15 years in federal prison .
Wanda Eileen Barzee , 64 , apologized to the Smart family during the 30 - minute sentencing in U.S. District Court in Salt Lake City .
" I know the gravity of my crimes and how severe they have been , and I 'm just so sorry , again , for all the pain and suffering I have caused upon the Smart family , " Barzee said , according to court transcripts .
As part of a plea deal between the defense and federal prosecutors , Judge Dale Kimball gave Barzee credit for seven years that she already has served , the U.S. attorney in Utah said .
After her release , at about age 70 , Barzee will be on supervised release for 60 months , federal prosecutors said .
Barzee pleaded guilty in November to federal charges of kidnapping and unlawful transportation of a minor in Smart 's kidnapping .
In exchange for her guilty plea , she agreed to cooperate in the state and federal cases against her husband , Brian David Mitchell , federal prosecutors said .
" The United States believes that a 15 - year sentence reflects the seriousness of this offense , promotes respect for the law and provides just punishment , especially considering the defendant 's past cooperation and continued willingness to cooperate in this case in the future , " U.S. Attorney Carlie Christensen said .
Smart 's mother , Lois , addressed Barzee at the hearing , calling her acts unconscionable and evil .
" Wanda Barzee , what you did to our family and to our girl Elizabeth was wrong .
It was wrong , and it was evil .
You hurt our family in ways that you will never know .
We had sleepless nights .
We had endless days , " she said .
But the family has not let bitterness overtake them , she said .
" Elizabeth is doing beautiful .
She 's brilliant .
She 's bright .
She is thriving , but not because you helped her in any way at all , " Lois Smart said .
" I hope that you will be able to make peace with your maker . "
Outside the courthouse , Smart 's father , Ed , expressed mixed emotions over the sentence .
" It is what it is .
I 'm grateful that she is going to be deemed a sex offender , she 's going to have to register , " he told CNN affiliate KUTV .
When pressed by a reporter as to whether the sentence was appropriate , Ed Smart sighed heavily .
" I think that Elizabeth felt that it was n't strong enough , but to have it come to an end , it 's been so many years , " he told KUTV .
Barzee and Mitchell were accused of abducting Smart , then 14 , at knifepoint from her bedroom in June 2002 .
She was found nine months later , walking down a street in the Salt Lake City suburb of Sandy with Barzee and Mitchell , a drifter and self - described prophet who calls himself Emmanuel .
He had done some handyman work at the Smarts ' home .
The month after they kidnapped Smart , Barzee and Mitchell attempted to break into the home of Smart 's cousin but were unsuccessful , prosecutors alleged .
In state court in February , Barzee pleaded guilty but mentally ill to one count of conspiracy to commit aggravated kidnapping in the attempted kidnapping of Smart 's cousin .
In exchange for her plea , prosecutors dropped state charges against her in Smart 's abduction , Volmer said .
" Mr. Mitchell 's attempt was thwarted when the minor child awakened , which caused Mr. Mitchell to flee , " the court documents said .
After her arrest in 2003 , Barzee told authorities that she and Mitchell went to the home to abduct the girl and planned to hold her , along with Smart , in the couple 's camp in the mountains , according to court documents .
In a separate hearing in state court Friday afternoon , Barzee was sentenced to one to 15 years to be served concurrently with her federal sentence .
Under Utah law , the state parole board decides how much time a defendant actually serves , Utah state courts spokeswoman Nancy Volmer said .
Barzee 's mother , Dora Corbett , attended the hearing , where Barzee made a similar statement to the court , Volmer said .
Ed Smart also addressed the court .
Barzee had been housed at the Utah State Hospital while courts determined her competency as well as Mitchell's .
After years of being declared incompetent , she recently was declared competent to stand trial , according to the Salt Lake Tribune newspaper .
A state court had ruled that she could be forcibly medicated , and that ruling led federal prosecutors to proceed with bringing a case against the couple , the Tribune said .
At a competency hearing for Mitchell in October , Smart , now 21 , testified that she had been held captive in Utah and California .
Just after her abduction , Mitchell took her to a wooded area behind her home and performed a mock marriage ceremony with her , she said .
During the nine months of her captivity , Smart testified , no 24 - hour period passed without her being raped by Mitchell .
In March , Kimball ruled Mitchell competent to stand trial .
His federal trial is set to begin November 1 .
State court proceedings against him were put on hold pending the outcome of the federal case .
Five important items of note today relating to Mozilla ’s support for the VP8 codec :
1. Google will be releasing VP8 under an open source and royalty - free basis .
VP8 is a high - quality video codec that Google acquired when they purchased the company On2 .
The VP8 codec represents a vast improvement in quality - per-bit over Theora and is comparable in quality to H.264 .
2 . The VP8 codec will be combined with the Vorbis audio codec and a subset of the Matroska container format to build a new standard for Open Video on the web called WebM .
You can find out more about the project at its new site : http://www.webmproject.org/.
3 . We will include support for WebM in Firefox .
You can get super - early WebM builds of Firefox 4 pre-alpha today .
WebM will also be included in Google Chrome and Opera .
4. Every video on YouTube will be transcoded into WebM .
They have about 1.2 million videos available today and will be working through their back catalog over time .
But they have committed to supporting everything .
5 . This is something that is supported by many partners , not just Google and others .
Content providers like Brightcove have signed up to support WebM as part of a full HTML5 video solution .
Hardware companies , encoding providers and other parts of the video stack are all part of the list of companies backing WebM.
Even Adobe will be supporting WebM in Flash .
Firefox , with its market share and principled leadership and YouTube , with its video reach are the most important partners in this solution , but we are only a small part of the larger ecosystem of video .
We ’re extremely excited to see Google joining us to support Open Video .
They are making technology available on terms consistent with the Open Web and the W3C Royalty - Free licensing terms .
And – most importantly – they are committing to support a full open video stack on the world ’s largest video site .
This changes the landscape for video and moves the baseline for what other sites have to do to maintain parity and keep up with upcoming advances in video technology , not to mention compatibility with the set of browsers that are growing their userbase and advancing technology on the web .
At Mozilla , we ’ve wanted video on the web to move as fast as the rest of the web .
That has required a baseline of open technology to build on .
Theora was a good start , but VP8 is better .
Expect us to start pushing on video innovation with vigor .
We ’ll innovate like the web has , moving from the edges in , with dozens of small revolutions that add up to something larger than the sum of those parts .
VP8 is one of those pieces , HTML5 is another .
If you watch this weblog , you can start to see those other pieces starting to emerge as well .
The web is creeping into more and more technologies , with Firefox leading the way .
We intend to keep leading the web beyond HTML5 to the next place it needs to be .
Today is a day of great change .
Tomorrow will be another .
Physarum polycephalum , a type of slime mold , grows tendrils in search of food and withdraws extraneous arms to focus on the most efficient paths between sources .
Although the American map is just an illustrative model made for Popular Science , researchers in the U.K. have used slime mold to create similar replicas of local roads and railways , backed up by computer models .
Andy Adamatzky and Jeff Jones , specialists in unconventional computing at the University of the West of England in Bristol , found that , left to its own devices , the slime mold mimicked a good part of the country 's actual road systems .
Because slime mold finds the paths that are most resilient to faults or damage , it could be used to make mobile - communication and transportation networks hardier .
The man behind Google Street View assured Germany the firm did n't want to invade as it sought to allay the country 's privacy concerns today .
While Google has been driving its Street View cars around Germany for a couple of years , the service has yet to launch in the country , due to a particularly touchy Teutonic attitude to privacy .
The company brought in its chief technology advocate , Michael Jones , one of the driving forces behind Google Earth , to help soften the snoopware 's image at Cebit yesterday .
The search 'n 'ads giant is hoping it may be able to launch this year , after adding some extra bells and whistles for the good Burghers of Berlin , Bremen and Braunschweig .
Google will offer Germans the benefits of face and license plate blurring , which are already available in other countries .
However , it is also giving people the chance to send in their addresses so that they can have their houses excluded from the service at launch , and have their dwellings deleted from the raw data .
It is developing a software tool to automate the process .
The changes , which the firm has discussed with the German data protection authorities , were presented at a German language press conference today .
What appeared to be a somewhat frosty reception might have been down to the weather or The Reg 's grasp of German not being what it used to be .
But we did n't notice anyone applauding either , as is often the case at press gigs here .
Jones sought to allay concerns by walking the German hacks through the service .
Germans can of course access Street View footage of other countries - just not their own .
Jones then assured them that " Google is not an invader of countries .
We 're a country . "
Jones insisted that most other countries were " not worried " about possible privacy issues around Street View , but accepted that " In Germany , it 's a serious issue " .
And in Switzerland too , he added .
He pointed out that at Google , " We 're not all Germans " and the company did n't realise it would have to be so sensitive about the privacy implications of Street View
Jones said the firm was not engaged in a battle with " the privacy people " .
Rather , he said , " We feel like we 're in a classroom with the privacy people . "
He did n't say , though , who was instructing whom . ®
KANSAS CITY is known for its barbecue , bebop and easy - does - it Midwestern charm .
But a decade - long effort to revitalize the city ’s downtown has transformed this former jazz mecca , which straddles the Kansas - Missouri border , back into a culturally rich metropolis .
The city ’s standing will be further bolstered next year when the much - anticipated Kauffman Center for the Performing Arts opens , giving a sleek new home to the symphony , opera and ballet .
True , Kansas City is no backwater , but do n’t expect high polish .
In fact , it ’s the city ’s unvarnished grit that may be its best asset .
Friday
4 p.m.
1 ) CROSSROADS REDEFINED
Industrial stagnation and suburban exodus in the 1960s left the Crossroads neighborhood nearly deserted .
But thanks to the recent efforts of arts advocates and city tax breaks , the Crossroads Arts District ( kccrossroads.org ) is now home to some 70 galleries .
Two pioneering mainstays are Sherry Leedy Contemporary Art ( 2004 Baltimore Avenue ; 816-221-2626 ; sherryleedy.com ) , which specializes in midcareer artists like Jun Kaneko , and the Byron C. Cohen Gallery ( 2020 Baltimore Avenue , Suite 1N ; 816-421-5665 ; byroncohengallery.com ) , representing several artists from China , including the photo - artist Huang Yan .
If it ’s the first Friday of the month , many galleries hold open houses until about 9 p.m .
7 p.m.
2 ) SAUCE IT UP
Debates over the best barbecue rouse as much passion here as religion or politics .
Some swear by the old guard like Gates Bar - B - Q ( gatesbbq.com ) and Arthur Bryant ’s ( arthurbryantsbbq.com ) , both of which have multiple branches .
Others cross the state line into the Kansas side , to a relative newcomer , Oklahoma Joe ’s ( 3002 West 47th Avenue ; 913-782-6858 ; oklahomajoesbbq.com ) , which opened a second location in 2005 .
It serves up pulled pork and beef brisket piled high on white bread , in a sauce that may just be the perfect amalgam of sweet , smoke and vinegar .
At a little under $ 19 , a full slab serves two or three people .
11 p.m .
3 ) BEYOND BLUES AND JAZZ
If the city ’s indie music scene has n’t garnered the same hype as those in other Midwestern cities like Minneapolis or Omaha , it ’s not for lack of guts or artistry .
Homegrown bands like Ssion , a gender - bending art - punk music collective that has built a following with over - the - top live shows , cut their teeth in downtown galleries and dives .
Hear up - and - comers at the Record Bar ( 1020 Westport Road ; 816-753-5207 ; therecordbar.com ) and the Brick ( 1727 McGee Street ; 816-421-1634 ; thebrickkcmo.com ) .
One of the newest spots is the Czar Bar ( 1531 Grand Boulevard ; 816-221-2244 ; czarbar.com ) ; it ’s owned by John Hulston , who also runs Anodyne Records , which counts the Meat Puppets , the BellRays and Architects among its better - known acts .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
We put that question to several experts from diverse perspectives , including a feminist , a science writer , an obstetrician , a racial justice advocate , and the author of The Population Bomb .
They checked in on this Mother Jones forum May 12 - 14 to discuss their controversial answers with readers — and each other .
Want to hear more from Paul Ehrlich , Fred Pearce , Julia Whitty , and the rest of our panel about their take on population control ?
Now ’s your chance .
Read below for their responses to reader questions .
Julia
Whitty is an environmental correspondent for Mother Jones and author of “ The Last Taboo “ : Scientists from a variety of fields privately tell me the issue of overpopulation is simply too controversial — too inflamed with passions to get funded , too strong a magnet for ideologues .
Those who ’ve tackled it tell me of harassment , even physical threats , from a frightening fringe … Voiced or not , addressed or not , the problem of overpopulation has not gone away .
[ READ “ The Last Taboo . “ ]
Paul R. Ehrlich wrote the controversial 1968 book The Population Bomb and co-founded the group Zero Population Growth : Overpopulation , combined with overconsumption , is the elephant in the room .
We do n’t talk about overpopulation because of real fears from the past — of racism , eugenics , colonialism , forced sterilization , forced family planning , plus the fears from some of contraception , abortion , and sex .
We do n’t really talk about overconsumption because of ignorance about the economics of overpopulation and the true ecological limits of Earth .
Courtney E. Martin is a senior correspondent at The American Prospect and editor of Feministing .com , the most widely read feminist publication in the world : Population control is a topic at the explosive intersection of so many of our most intractable public problems and precious personal decisions — global poverty , reproductive justice , consumption , racism , motherhood , even love .
As such , it ’s no wonder that it gets folks — public health advocates , globalization experts , and activists alike — all worked up .
As we feminists have known all along , when the personal and the political mix , passions result .
Add to this the fact that curbing population control involves — in one way or another — limitations and / or personal responsibility , and you ’ve got a real doozy of a dilemma .
Wherever you point the finger , there ’s an inherent need to scale back — on babies , on stuff , on greed , on freedom .
It ’s just not something most people , especially most Americans , are open to .
We have a bad habit of lamenting our global demise while refusing to take any personal responsibility .
Fred Pearce is a London - based science writer and author of The Coming Population Crash :
You ca n’t get much more personal than telling couples how many babies they can have .
Nor are there many greater intrusions on human rights .
Yet back in the mid-20th century , many demographers considered the population problem so serious that , as I discovered when writing my book The Coming Population Crash , they thought people should need a license to have children .
The conflict between human rights and ecological responsibility remains highly contentious .
The controversy reached a peak in the 1970s , when the Chinese government introduced its one - child policy and the Indian government for a while imposed what amounted to enforced sterilization .
The policies were so controversial they discredited population planners .
Meanwhile , in the US , the debate about contraception became confused with debates about abortion .
Today , population policies are discussed less in terms of top - down population control , and more in terms of increased rights for women to control their fertility .
Paradoxically for some , this change has coincided with a dramatic fall in fertility across most of the world .
Women are having half as many children as half a century ago ; that has taken some of the heat out of the issue .
It seems human rights and falling fertility can go together .
Martha Campbell is a political scientist with interests in economics , population , and scale :
The sensitivity around the subject of population growth is widespread , and exists for a variety of reasons .
Many people fear that if we talk about the population factor in development or the environment , we are implicitly condoning coercive family planning , or at least telling people to have fewer children .
What is n’t widely understood is that the silence on this subject has been purposeful , and imposed by making the terms “ population ” and “ family planning ” politically incorrect for the past 17 years .
The activist women ’s groups who organized the silence in 1992 - 94 were seeking to move USAID family planning funds into other aspects of health , development , and economic strength that women genuinely need — without realizing that this move would severely reduce the budgets for family planning , so necessary for empowerment .
The silence was achieved by focusing on the very real instances of coercive family planning , without ever mentioning the coercion of women being forced to have or keep pregnancies they did not want .
Slowing population growth requires listening to women , giving them options — not telling them what to do .
Rinku Sen is a leading racial justice advocate , the publisher of ColorLines magazine , and president of the Applied Research Center :
The reason people get so upset about population control is because historically reproduction has been controlled without the consent of the controlled person or community — usually with a deep racial or class dimension .
Citing the urgency of saving countries , environments , or money , governments and others have conducted forced sterilization , adopted dehumanizing immigration policies , and generally let themselves off the hook for waste and overconsumption .
Meanwhile , the tools people need to take control of their own family fate are n’t part of the conversation .
Malcolm Potts is an obstetrician and biologist , and creator of the Bixby Center for Population , Health , and Sustainability at UC Berkeley : Julia Whitty ’s “ The Last Taboo ” is accurate , brilliantly written , and frightening .
It is not quite so clear about the policies we need to pursue to avert a mega - disaster in northern India or much of sub-Saharan Africa .
Microloans are an excellent idea .
Education is an unfettered good but , fortunately , wealth and education are not prerequisites for smaller families .
I say “ fortunately ” because if they were , then some countries would face insoluble problems .
Pakistan , because of its rapid population growth , needs to accommodate 10,000 additional schoolchildren every day — it is not able to do that .
Niger , which is projected to grow from 15 million today to over 50 million in 2050 , is not able to dig itself out of abject poverty .
Even illiterate women living on a dollar a day , as in Bangladesh , will use family planning when they are given correct information and easy access .
Where family planning is realistically available , as in Thailand , illiterate women use contraception almost as well as college - educated women .
As Julia
Whitty points out , there are 200 million women in the world today who either want no more children or wish to delay the next pregnancy .
The Obama administration , the Gates Foundation , the United Nations Population Fund , every ministry of health and every non-governmental organization concerned with women ’s rights , child welfare , food security , civil conflict and the future of our tiny , fragile planet needs a single , unambiguous focus :
Meet the existing unmet need for family planning immediately .
William N. Ryerson is president of the Population Media Center and Population Institute :
When it comes to controversial issues , population is in a class by itself .
Advocates and activists working to reduce global population growth and size are attacked by the left for supposedly ignoring human rights issues and favoring coercion as used by China , glossing over Western overconsumption , or even seeking to reduce the number of people of color .
They are attacked by the right for supposedly favoring widespread abortion , promoting promiscuity via sex education , or working to harm economic growth .
Many corporate - owned news media and many environmental groups avoid addressing the issue altogether , and our leaders do n’t discuss it because politicians fear losing votes .
One thing is certain :
The issue of population is too important to avoid just because it is controversial .
The planet and its resources are finite , and the Earth cannot support an infinite population of humans or any other species .
© John Sherffius
How obvious do Republicans have to be in order to make it clear that they are the puppets of Wall Street ?
It ’s been rumored for years and now it ’s finally happening .
Deadline say Stephen King ’s masterful fantasy series “ The Dark Tower ” is headed for theaters .
As part of a deal being worked on at Universal ( but not yet completed ) the seven books which comprise thestory will be condensed into three movies , in a script written by Akiva Goldsman and to be directed by Ron Howard .
The deal is also said to include a package which will result in aTV series , though how they ’d pull that off in addition to the movies is a complete mystery .
Will the three films cover only three of the books , leaving the TV series to cover the rest ?
Or will they combine all seven books into three films and then create a TV series which picks up where the final " Dark Tower " book leaves off ?
We wo n't know until the deal is finalized and Howard starts talking .
King is reportedly working on an eigth novel which tackles a different storyline from " The Dark Tower " , that could be possible fodder for the TV series as well .
What ’s clear here is that , however they split it up , done properlycould be the next .
King ’s books follow a wandering Gunslinger named Roland , the last of his kind , as he wanders across dimensions and other worlds on an endless quest to find the Dark Tower , a fabled building said to be a nexus between worlds .
The stories are massively epic in scope and cross over all sorts of different genres .
It ’s more than just fantasy , it ’s science fiction , it ’s horror , it ’s gut - wrenching drama , and it ’s part old - school shoot - em - up Western .
The character of Roland is in theory more of a wandering knight than a cowboy , but in appearance and disposition , it ’s as if Clint Eastwood wandered off the set of one his classic Wild West tales and into a Stephen King novel .
This could be huge .
I say could be , because there ’s one problem .
His name is Ron Howard .
Ron is a fine choice if you ’re looking for sappy , schmaltzy Oscar - bait but it ’s hard to imagine him tackling the darker , more horrific elements ofwith any success .
Earlier in his career I might have had more faith in his ability to do this .
The guy who madeandseemed like he might have something tense and edgy somewhere inside him .
But I ’m not sure I believe the director ofandis capable of anything like this .
I hope I ’m wrong because done right , could be brilliant ; an epic , unforgettable Oscar winner .
At one point JJ Abrams was supposed to be developinginto a feature film but back in November that fell through .
Now it ’s about to end up in the hands of Ron Howard .
We ’ll let you know as soon as this is confirmed as a done deal .
In January , the Conservatives put out a poster featuring a large portrait of David Cameron and the words : ' We can't go on like this .
I 'll cut the deficit , not the NHS' Photograph : Conservative Party
Biloxi , Mississippi ( CNN ) --
The effort to place a massive containment dome over a gushing underwater wellhead in the Gulf of Mexico was dealt a setback when a large volume of hydrates -- icelike crystals that form when gas combines with water -- accumulated inside the vessel , a BP official said Saturday .
The dome was moved off to the side of the wellhead and is resting on the seabed while crews work to overcome the challenge , a process expected to take at least two days , BP 's chief operations officer Doug Suttles said .
Suttles declined to call it a failed operation but said " What we attempted to do last night did n't work . "
Suttles said the gas hydrates are lighter than water and , as a result , made the dome buoyant .
The crystals also blocked the top of the dome , which would prevent oil from being funneled up to a drill ship .
" We did anticipate hydrates being a problem , but not this significant [ of one ] , " he said .
Also Saturday , response crews discovered tar balls on a beach on Dauphin Island , Alabama , and sent them to a lab to determine if they 're from the Gulf Coast oil slick .
The analysis could take 48 hours to complete , the Deepwater Horizon Incident Joint Information Center said Saturday .
The tar balls , which a U.S. Coast Guard spokesman described as " pieces of emulsified oil " shaped like pancakes , ranged in size from dimes to golf balls .
Tar balls can sometimes occur naturally , said the spokesman , Erik Swanson .
Cleanup crews have placed snare boom -- a pompom shaped material designed to collect tar balls -- around Dauphin Island .
Two options officials are looking at to resolve the problem are heating the dome or adding methanol to dissolve the hydrates , Suttles said , adding that they are continuing to assess other methods to capturing the oil .
The crude is leaking at a rate of 210,000 gallons ( 5,000 barrels ) a day .
Suttles said that another possible solution would be to " take ground - up material of various types and try to inject it into the blowout preventer at the bottom of it and it will flow up and plug it up , " an operation he compared to stopping up a toilet .
The maneuver is called a " junk shot , " Suttles said .
The blowout preventer is a 48 - foot - tall , 450 - ton apparatus that sits atop the well 5,000 feet underwater .
It would stop the leak , BP has said , but it has not been working properly since the Deepwater Horizon oil rig exploded in flames on April 20 and sank two days later , triggering an oil spill that President Obama has called a " potentially unprecedented environmental disaster . "
Suttles cautioned that a junk shot is not without risk or challenge , which is why crews have not yet attempted the method .
Meanwhile , hundreds of thousands of feet of boom and large volumes of dispersants continued to be deployed in an effort to capture or break up the spilled oil moving toward the Gulf coastline , and thousands of workers and volunteers diligently worked to skim the water 's surface .
Suttles said 17,500 barrels ( 735,000 gallons ) of oil - water mix were collected Friday , and crews conducted five successful controlled burns .
Hopes were high for the success of the four - story containment dome , but officials had cautioned that the risky operation had never been tried at such a depth .
" It 's a technology first , " BP CEO Tony Hayward said Friday .
He said the dome works in 300 to 400 feet of water , " but the pressures and temperatures are very different here .
So we can not be confident that it will work . "
The arduous process takes time , Hayward said .
Casi Calloway , CEO of the environmental group Mobile Baykeeper , said Saturday she was n't counting on the operation to be successful .
" I 'm praying for them to come up with anything , " she said .
" In the meantime , though , we have to be realistic and we have to be planning , because it 's still a minimum of 5,000 barrels [ a day ] pouring out into the Gulf of Mexico until that thing is stopped . "
If the hydrate problem is resolved , BP , which owns the well , hopes to connect the dome to a drill ship over the weekend and to begin sucking oil from the containment dome up to the ship by the beginning of next week , Suttles said Friday .
The stakes are high for residents of coastal Louisiana who make their living from fishing in the Gulf .
Oil washed ashore Thursday on Louisiana 's barrier islands and drifted west past the mouth of the Mississippi River .
" It 's killing everybody down here , everybody is more or less getting ulcers worrying about this , and it 's something we experienced five years ago with [ Hurricane ] Katrina , " charter boat owner Tom Becker told CNN Saturday .
" But we knew it was coming faster than this thing is and we do n't know what the long - term effect of what 's going to happen with this if it [ the oil ] does get up here . "
On Friday , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said it has expanded the area closed to fishing to better reflect the spill 's location .
The restriction , announced Sunday , is being extended until May 17 , the agency said .
– Vi ser en snikende uro for økt rente
Samtidig stiger uroen for renteøkninger betydelig .
There 's some old adage referring to smoke and fire meant to explain this phenomenon , but frankly , we 're too focused on the promise of the future to go and look it up .
Merely weeks after the Steam for Mac beta proved that Linux support may be in the works , along comes this : two glorious screenshots proving as much .
' Course , nothing much about this situation has changed , but having pictorial evidence that a Steam client exists in some stage for Linux is a boon for hopefuls .
Areader managed to snag a capture of the client working its magic early on , and while it 's pretty obvious that it's not ready for primetime , we 're just stoked to see that there 's legitimate reason to believe such an app is on the way .
Hang tight , Penguin Nation -- your Steam should be just about the bend .
Every field comes up with its own jargon , and oftentimes subgroups within a field come up with their own specific words or phrases ( those of you familiar with Microsoft Canada ’s Developer and Platform Evangelism
Team know that we have our own term for “ broken ” , named after one of our teammates who is notorious for killing all sorts of tech gear ) .
A question recently posted on Stack Overflow asked for people to submit programming terms that they or their team have coined and have come into regular use in their own circles .
I took a number of the submissions and compiled them into the alphabetically ordered list below for your education and entertainment .
Have you come up with your own jargon ?
Tell us in the comments !
Placeholder text indicating that documentation is in progress or yet to be completed .
Mostly used because FxCop complains when a public function lacks documentation .
Example :
/// < summary > /// banana banana banana /// </summary > public CustomerValidationResponse Validate ( CustomerValidationRequest request , bool ...
A project management account to which the most aspirational tickets – stuff you ’d really like to do but will pobably never get approval for – gets assigned .
Adding 2 to a variable .
A bug that accidentally generates money .
[ Joey ’s note : I have never written one of these . ]
A bug that is n’t reproducible and has been sighted by only one person .
See Loch Ness Monster Bug .
A single critical error or bug that renders an entire system unusable , especially in a production environment .
Based on the chunky salsa rule from TVTropes :
Any situation that would reduce a character ’s head to the consistency of chunky salsa dip is fatal , regardless of other rules .
Someone that says they are a programmer but only knows how to hack at configuration files of some other pieces of software configuration to make them do what they want .
A defensive move useful for code reviews .
If someone reviewing your code presents you with a bug that ’s your fault , you counter with a counterbug : a bug caused by the reviewer .
When web designers add a proper DOCTYPE declaration at the beginning of an HTML document , but then do n’t bother to write valid markup for the rest of it .
A bug report so utterly incomprehensible that whoever submitted it must have been smoking crack .
The lesser version is a chug report , where the submitter is thought have had one too many .
A feature added for no other reason than to draw management attention and be removed , thus avoiding unnecessary changes in other aspects of the product .
This started as a piece of Interplay corporate lore .
It was well known that producers ( a game industry position , roughly equivalent to PMs ) had to make a change to everything that was done .
The assumption was that subconsciously they felt that if they did n’t , they were n’t adding value .
The artist working on the queen animations for Battle Chess was aware of this tendency , and came up with an innovative solution .
He did the animations for the queen the way that he felt would be best , with one addition : he gave the queen a pet duck .
He animated this duck through all of the queen ’s animations , had it flapping around the corners .
He also took great care to make sure that it never overlapped the “ actual ” animation .
Eventually , it came time for the producer to review the animation set for the queen .
The producer sat down and watched all of the animations .
When they were done , he turned to the artist and said , “ That looks great .
Just one thing – get rid of the duck . ”
When project management adds more pressure , such as by firing a member of the team .
A particularly inelegant and obviously suboptimal section of code that still meets the requirements .
[ Joey ’s note : I ’ve written ghetto code before , but that ’s because I ’m street , yo ! ]
A catastrophic data - destroying bug .
Oh , the humanity !
Unexpected behavior caused by changes in focus , or incorrect setting of focus .
Could also be used to describe an app stealing your focus .
A fun way to pronounce http :// and https ://.
Annoyed by interruptions .
Pronounced like and has a similar meaning to “ irked ” .
A generalized name for the clueless / new developer .
The submitter at Stack Overflow writes :
We found as we were developing a framework component that required minimal knowledge of how it worked for the other developers .
We would always phrase our questions as : “ What if Jimmy forgets to update the attribute ? ”
This led to the term “ Jimmy - proof ” when referring to well designed framework code .
It ’s probably best not to use this term around IronRuby developer Jimmy Schementi .
A bug that is n’t reproducible and has been sighted by only one person .
See Bugfoot .
MEGA MOnolithic meTHod .
Usually stretches over two screens in height and often contained inside a God Object ( an object that knows or does too much ) .
When .NET code called native code which calls other .NET code and makes the poorly designed application crash .
A class that only allows a fixed number of instances of itself .
Not napping , but simply zoning out .
Comes from the assembly language instruction NOP , for No OPeration , which does nothing .
For when you just gotta catch ’em all !
The program ( or more likely feature of a program ) does exactly what was asked for , but when it ’s deployed it turns out that the problem was misunderstood and the program is basically useless .
The process of taking a well - designed piece of code and , through a series of small , reversible changes , making it completely unmaintainable by anyone except yourself .
It ’s job security !
The isolating interface between your team ’s ( good ) code , and the brain - dead code contributed by some other group .
The sheath prevents horrible things ( badly named constants , incorrect types , etc. ) in their code from infecting your code .
[ Joey ’s note : I ’ve heard the term “ shim ” used for this sort of construct .
I ’ve used the term “ transmogrifier ” for this sort of thing . ]
A bug report with no error message or “ how to reproduce ” steps and only a vague description of the problem .
Usually contains the phrase “ does n’t work . ”
A bug report submitted by a user who thinks he knows a lot more about the system ’s design than he really does .
Filled with irrelevant technical details and one or more suggestions ( always wrong ) about what he thinks is causing the problem and how we should fix it .
A riff on strongly - typed .
Used to describe an implementation that needlessly relies on strings when programmer - and refactor - friendly options are available .
Examples :
Method parameters that take strings when other more appropriate types should be used
On the occasion that a string is required in a method call ( e.g. network service ) , the string is then passed and used throughout the rest of the call graph without first converting it to a more suitable internal representation ( e.g. parse it and create an enum , then you have strong typing throughout the rest of your codebase )
Message passing without using typed messages etc .
Excessively stringly typed code is usually a pain to understand and detonates at runtime with errors that the compiler would normally find .
An adjective to describe a feature that ’s so early in the planning stages that it might as well be imaginary .
This one comes from Rails Core Team member Yehuda Katz , who used it in his closing keynote at last year ’s Windy City Rails to describe some of Rails ’ upcoming features .
The act of using
if ( constant == variable ) 1 if ( constant == variable )
instead of
if ( variable == constant ) 1 if ( variable == constant )
It ’s like saying “ If blue is the sky ” .
This article also appears in Canadian Developer Connection .
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - More than 300 sea birds , nearly 200 turtles and 19 dolphins have been found dead along the U.S. Gulf Coast during the first five weeks of BP ’s huge oil spill off Louisiana , wildlife officials reported on Monday .
The 316 dead birds collected along the shores of Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama and Florida -- plus 10 others that died or were euthanized at wildlife rehabilitation centers after they were captured alive , far outnumber the 31 surviving birds found oiled to date .
The raw tally of birds listed by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service as dead on arrival at wildlife collection facilities include specimens obviously tainted with oil and some with no visible signs of oil contamination .
But all are being counted as potential casualties of the oil gushing since April 20 from a ruptured wellhead on the floor of the Gulf because of their proximity in time and space to the spill , said Jay Holcomb , who directs a rescue center for birds in Fort Jackson , Louisiana .
The same is true of nearly 200 sea turtles found dead and dying along the Gulf Coast , and 19 dead dolphins verified in the region since the oil drilling blowout on April 20 .
Tissue samples collected eventually will be analyzed to determine more conclusively if the animals were contaminated with oil from the BP spill .
Holcomb , director of the California - based International Bird Rescue Research Center , said mortality for sea birds , many of them in the midst of their breeding season , is expected to climb sharply , especially if hurricanes move into the region and sweep more oil ashore .
Veterinarian Heather Nevill ( L ) and rescue worker Deanene Birtell hydrate a Laughing Gull , rescued from oil contamination from the Deepwater Horizon spill , as they prepare it for transport from the Ft. Jackson Wildlife Rehabilitation Center in Buras , Louisiana May 23 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Lee Celano
“ The potential for this being catastrophic is right there because there ’s a massive amount of oil in the water , and it ’s still pouring out , and there ’s a lot of nesting birds and a lot of birds using the coast , ” he told Reuters .
“ If the tropical storms take that oil and move it , that ’s when you ’re going to see the real impact , I think . ”
The size of BP ’s disaster in the Gulf could eclipse the scale of the 1989 Exxon Valdez spill in Alaska ’s Prince William Sound , in which an estimated 250,000 sea birds perished .
DIVING BIRDS HARDEST HIT SO FAR
The birds hardest hit by oil in the Gulf so far are those that feed by diving into the water for fish , including the Louisiana state bird , the brown pelican , removed last year from the U.S. endangered species list , and the northern gannet , Holcomb said .
But shorebirds , wading birds and songbirds will increasingly be put in harm ’s way as more oil washes onto beaches and into marshlands .
Oil impairs the insulating properties of birds ’ feathers , exposing them to cold and making it difficult for them to float , swim and fly .
Chemicals in the petroleum also can burn their skin and irritate their eyes .
They also end up ingesting the oil when they preen , damaging their digestive tracts .
Other wildlife at immediate risk in the Gulf are sea turtles and marine mammals .
To date , 209 sea turtles have been found dead or debilitated along the Gulf Coast , about double the number reported late last week , a tally that wildlife officials said then could be considered normal for this time of year .
The latest figure includes 194 that washed ashore dead and 12 that were found stranded alive , two of which later died in rehab , said Dr. Michael Ziccardi , a veterinarian and professor at the University of California at Davis who is overseeing sea turtle and marine mammal rescue teams in Louisiana .
Three remaining turtles in the latest tally were found heavily oiled at sea but have survived , he said .
Those three are the only ones with outward signs of oil contamination .
Necropsies , the animal equivalent of autopsies , have been performed on 40 turtle carcasses found intact , and a majority of the findings pointed to drowning or the aspiration of bottom sediments as the cause of death , Ziccardi said .
Although the results are “ inconsistent with oil exposure as a primary cause of death , ” lab tests of tissue samples are still pending , so less visible factors remain to be determined , he said .
Nineteen dolphin deaths also have been confirmed since the spill began , but none of those animals showed any obvious external or internal signs of oiling , Ziccardi said .
Chris Nolan is staying on a biannual schedule .
With the director 's " The Dark Knight "
Warner Bros. confirmed today that " Batman 3 " ( not its final title , obviously ) will come out in the summer of 2012 , on July 20 .
In addition to making fanboys the world over salivate with eager anticipation , that also sets up a box - office rematch of sorts between Nolan 's Batman franchise , a DC creation , and the movies from Marvel 's stable of characters , as " The Avengers , " the supergroup of superhero Marvel movies , comes out a few months earlier ( in May ) .
When the first round of that slugfest went down , in the summer of 2008 , " The Dark Knight " trumped " Iron Man " handily , grossing $ 215 million more in the U.S. But " Iron Man " was n't yet a cultural juggernaut back then .
In 2012 the landscape could look a little different , as Marvel characters have continued to gain traction .
" Avengers " will also have the benefit of Thor , Captain America and other characters from its film appearing in their own movies the summer before .
And all this after " Iron Man 2 " looks to break the opening - weekend record of " The Dark Knight " next week .
The high - tech weaponry , she is flying .
-- Steven Zeitchik
Photo : " The Dark Knight . "
Credit : Warner Bros .
Rogers is taking fire after backtracking on an offer to allow iPhone and other smartphone customers to share their data connections with Apple 's upcoming iPad device .
The wireless company on Monday announced it would offer two iPad service plans , with 250 megabytes of monthly usage for $ 15 or five gigabytes for $ 35 , when the device becomes available in Canada on May 28 .
Rogers also touted the option to " add iPad to your existing Rogers data plan " for $ 20 , an offer that was listed on Apple 's Canadian website .
After a number of customers asked for clarification on the Redboard website of Rogers , a company official revealed the data - sharing offer was an error and would be removed , which angered a number of interested customers .
" My excitement over getting 3G on an iPad has completely disappeared with your statement that the shared data plan was a mistake , " said one poster named David .
" Can you please explain to me why I am allowed to connect a netbook to my iPhone at no extra charge , but having a second 3G device consuming the exact same data plan is not allowed ?
It ’s the same data . "
Apple is selling two versions of the iPad — one can connect to the internet only through Wi -Fi , while another can also use 3G wireless , the same technology used by smartphones to surf the web and send email .
Rogers generally allows customers to " tether " their smartphones to laptop computers and use them as wireless modems .
Potential customers also complained about the pricing on Rogers 's iPad plans .
Although the basic 250 MB plan for $ 15 is the same that AT&T is selling in the United States , the $ 35 plan for five gigabytes is a worse value than Rogers 's American counterpart , which is offering unlimited usage for $ 30 U.S .
A Rogers official said this is because 99.8 per cent of iPhone subscribers use less than five gigabytes of data , as do more than 95 per cent of customers who own its Rocket Stick and 3G - enabled laptop devices .
The official did acknowledge that the iPad is a new kind of device , so it 's too early to say whether customers will need more than five gigabytes of usage .
Other outrage
This is not the first time Rogers has provoked anger in regards to an Apple product launch .
The company moved tens of thousands of potential customers into joining an online protest when it announced initial pricing plans for the iPhone in 2008 .
The company 's plans started at about $ 67 for 150 voice minutes and 400 MB of usage , which did not compare well to AT&T , which was offering 450 minutes and unlimited data for almost the same price .
Rogers customers also had to sign three - year contracts compared to two years on AT&T .
The company eventually backed down and offered better deals .
On Friday , Bell Canada said the iPad would be compatible with its network , but did not announce pricing .
Bell shares a network with Telus , which means that all three major wireless providers are likely to be able to accommodate the iPad .
Telus , however , could not provide any further information on Friday .
Rogers said the iPad will not be available on its Fido brand at launch .
Prices for the iPad itself , without a data plan , fared well in an international comparison done by Macworld on Monday .
Most models placed second or third in price in a comparison of 10 countries , with the website pointing out that Canada seems to have the best deals across the board outside of the United States .
The iPad will sell for between $ 549 and $ 879 , depending on the model .
Earlier this week , the International Red Cross confirmed the existence of a secret “ Black Jail ” within the Bagram prison complex in Afghanistan , where high - value detainees were held and allegedly abused .
Since then , additional details have continued to emerge .
The New York Times reported last November that former prisoners and human rights researchers had described how prisoners were held at the facility for weeks at a time without being allowed outside contact .
The BBC also obtained accounts from prisoners who said they had been subjected to isolation , sleep deprivation , and cold .
ADVERTISEMENT
The American vice admiral in charge of detainees , however , continued to deny both the existence of a separate facility and the allegations of abuse until the International Red Cross confirmed the claims .
Now The Atlantic ’s Marc Ambinder has been able to paint a clearer picture of the facility .
His sources tell him that it is run by the Defense Intelligence Agency ’s Defense Counterintelligence and Human Intelligence Center ( DCHC ) , whose operatives perform the interrogations on behalf of a subunit of the ” elite counter - terrorism brigade ” known as Task Force 714 .
Task Force 714 was formerly commanded by General Stanley McChrystal , who now leads US forces in Afghanistan .
According to Ambinder , DCHC is a “ relatively new organization , ” which absorbed many of the previous functions and staff of the Counterintelligence Field Activity after CIFA was accused of spying on American political groups and was implicated in the Duke Cunningham scandal .
“ It is a way - point for detainees who are thought to possess actionable information about the Taliban or Al Qaeda , ” Ambinder writes of the Black Jail .
“ Intelligence gleaned from these interrogations has often led to some of the military ’s highest profile captures . ”
Ambinder notes that , “ personnel at the facility are supposed to follow the Army Field Manual ’s guidelines for interrogations … [ but ] under secret authorization , the DIA interrogators use methods detailed in an appendix to the Field Manual , Appendix M , which spells out ‘ restricted ’ interrogation techniques . ' ”
Although President Obama signed an order last year to eliminate the CIA ’s “ black sites , ” it did not affect military prisons like the one at Bagram .
ADVERTISEMENT
A DIA spokesperson was unwilling to comment on the story , and the White House referred Ambinder ’s questions to the Pentagon .
Pentagon spokesperson Bryan Whitman did confirm the existence of “ temporary screening detention facilities , ” but he refused to provide any details on them , although insisting that the Red Cross had knowledge of their existence .
Whitman also denied that “ the agency ’s inspector general had launched an internal investigation into reports in the Washington Post that several teenagers were beaten by the interrogators . ”
Whitman has repeatedly been charged with misrepresentations while serving as Pentagon spokesperson .
In 2008 , journalist Gareth Porter identified him as the source of a “ spurious account ” of an encounter between Iranian ships and a US Navy vessel .
In August 2009 , he was caught denying a well - documented Stars & Stripes story about the military using a private PR firm to vet embedded reporters .
And last fall , Raw Story published a multi-part series by investigative reporter Brad Jacobson which revealed Whitman ’s role in the Bush administration ’s “ Pentagon propagandist ” program and explored his ability to maintain his position under the Obama administration .
StarCraft 2 Map Editor Hits This Week ; Mac Beta Soon
At best , the patch could hit today along with another database reset , but should be released by the end of this week according to lead producer Chris Sigaty .
The editor will not allow users to publish creations to the Battle .
net 2.0 cloud , which is planned for the retail release of the game , but it will give players an opportunity to learn the scripting engine and get to work on their creations .
Eventually ( a year after release ) map - makers will be able to sell their creations on the Battle . net Marketplace .
Additionally , the Mac beta client will be made available 3 - 4 days following the patch .
As for balance changes in the patch , I 'm told that Marauders will be buffed a bit following the " over - nerf " they received in Patch 8 , according to lead designer Dustin Browder .
This will most likely be tied to decreasing the cost and build - time of the concussive shells upgrade .
* 21 polo horses died last year due to wrong mixture
* Company defends its operations as legal and vital ( Adds byline , company statement )
WASHINGTON , April 19 ( Reuters ) - U.S. authorities on Monday said they were seeking an injunction against a Florida pharmacy that incorrectly mixed medicine that killed 21 polo horses on a Venezuelan team a year ago .
Franck ’s Compounding Lab Inc and its chief executive Paul Franck were accused of improperly mixing active pharmaceutical ingredients into animal drugs , a practice the Justice Department and Food and Drug Administration said was illegal in veterinary medicine .
The FDA does not test or review such medicines and the agency said many of the products that Franck ’s Compounding Lab made were illegal copies of similar drugs that had been approved by the FDA .
“ We allege that the practices at issue in this case contributed to deadly results , ” said Tony West , assistant attorney general for the Justice Department ’s civil division , referring to the deaths last year .
Last year the firm admitted it had prepared the mixture that killed the horses on the order of a veterinarian .
The horses belonged to the Lechuza Caracas polo team and died at the April 2009 U.S. Open Polo Championship hours after receiving a fatal dose of the mineral selenium in a vitamin supplement , according to the state veterinarian .
The Justice Department and FDA asked a court to issue a permanent injunction against the Florida firm and the CEO to halt the practice of using active ingredients in mixing medicines for animals , known as compounding .
Compounding is a practice in which pharmacists combine , mix or alter drug ingredients to create a medication tailored to a specific patient .
The FDA said traditional compounding provided a service to meet patient needs .
“ But when compounders like Franck ’s circumvent , and thus undermine , the statutory drug approval process by manufacturing drugs under the guise of pharmacy compounding , we are concerned that poorly compounded drugs can jeopardize the health of animals , ” said Bernadette Dunham , director of the FDA ’s Center for Veterinary Medicine .
The company said it would fight the legal action and defended its operations , saying they were “ both legal and medically vital . ”
“ Our quality control procedures are strong and fully comply with regulatory requirements , ” the company said .
The horses that died were valued at up to $ 100,000 each and belonged to Lechuza Caracas owner Victor Vargas , a millionaire businessman and president of the Venezuelan Banking Association .
The case is USA v. Franck ’s Lab Inc. and Paul Franck in the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Florida , 10 - cv-00147 .
One of the biggest surprises of 2010 in the IT industry might be Apple 's sudden inability to keep its upcoming products hidden from the public eye .
A company generally well - known for its secrecy , Apple has been losing the next generation iPhone left and right ; this time , a slew of images and a video of another iPhone 4G prototype appeared on a Vietnamese site .
This new prototype is very similar to the one Gizmodo bought last month , but there are some minor differences ; for example , this one lacks the screws at the bottom .
Furthermore , this new device has been turned on , revealing an image of an explosion and the sign " Inferno " on the screen .
As always , it 's possible that this device is fake , although the number of images ( including a full teardown of the device ) and the video ( embedded below ) , suggest it 's real .
Update : A closer look at the device 's innards reveals that the prototype appears to sport an Apple A4 microprocessor , similar to the one found in the iPad .
[ via MacRumors , Engadget ]
A three - piece instrumental band from Chicago , Piglet craft manic and hyperbolic orchestrated jams that the discerning listener would expect from such a storied city .
Having cut their teeth in the clubs and bars of their native lakeside city , the trio capitalizes on the power afforded by Chicago 's monsters of rock and infuses it into their unique song writing approach , resulting in a style of music that they can sincerely call their own .
With two members of Seyarse you know these kids are no strangers to complicated , mind - bending song structures .
Lava Land encompasses six tracks … read more
Determining the exact amount of exposure is nearly impossible until governments start stepping up to the window created by the European Union and the International Monetary Fund to stem the crisis in Greece and elsewhere on the continent .
But one rule - of - thumb formula puts potential US exposure at $ 54 billion should the entire IMF loan fund be tapped .
And that does n't count the added exposure created by the Federal Reserve 's decision over the weekend to participate in currency swaps to provide liquidity to jittery European banks .
The swaps move resembles the Term Auction Facility the Fed instituted when the worst of the US financial crisis hit in 2007 - 08 .
And the entire bailout package has been nicknamed " Le Tarp " by some for its similarity to the Troubled Asset Relief Program that bailed out US companies with taxpayer - backed loans .
US involvement in the European crisis already has drawn critics from Congress and economists who think the domestic financial issues should be cleared up first .
" Inflation and debt is not the answer to a problem caused by inflation and debt , " said Michael Pento , chief economist at Delta Global Advisors and a critic of both the European plan and the Fed 's approach to US fiscal stability .
" It 's a European problem that should have been dealt with by Europeans . "
In Washington , Senior administration officials said taxpayers will not be liable for the European bailout .
( See video )
The Shanghai World Expo got a special treat this past week in the Japanese pavilion , when Toyota ’s famed violin - playing robot thrilled the crowd with a rendition of the Chinese folk song Mo Li Hua ( jasmine flower ) .
The bipedal artificial violinist has n’t been seen much since its debut back in 2007 .
It was one of several Toyota bots playing musical instruments at the 2010 Expo , but this line of “ Partner Robots ” is under development to eventually serve as personal assistants – being a musician is just a side line .
You can see a great clip of the Toyota bot playing Mo Li Hua after the break , as well as its original rendition of Pomp and Circumstance from 2007 .
The violin- playing Toyota robot does n’t give the most virtuoso performance , but it ’s not supposed to .
Toyota seems to be using the musical performance as a test and demonstration of the robots versatile movements and precision .
Along with its brass band brethren ( shown here in a low quality video from the Expo ) the violin bot is likely to become a healthcare worker aimed at assisting the elderly .
An aging global population has prompted other major machine / robot manufacturing companies to enter this market .
We ’ve recently seen some promising new healthcare bots from Panasonic , and iRobot has made noises about starting up a large project to that end .
Whether or not Toyota ’s Partner Robots , or their competitors , will actually become functioning nurse - like assistants is yet to be seen , but I anticipate major growth in this field of robotics in the years ahead .
So good luck to you , violinist robot , you may soon be putting down your instrument and picking up an elder ’s groceries .
If that does n’t work out , let me know .
I have the perfect band for you to join .
[ image credit : YZnews ]
[ source : Toyota , Youku.com , PlasticPals ]
Software development company Loohuis Consulting and process management consultancy OpenDawn have released a new binary analysis tool that is designed to detect Linux and BusyBox in binary firmware .
The program , which is freely available for download , is intended to aid open source license compliance efforts .
Open source software licenses broadly enable redistribution of application source code , but some impose additional stipulations on derivatives .
There is an entire class of reciprocal open source software licenses , sometimes called " copyleft " licenses , that require derivatives to be distributed under the same terms as the original code base .
The purpose of such licenses is to ensure that third - party enhancements to the code are disclosed and made available to all members of the community .
The most popular copyleft license , the GNU General Public License ( GPL ) , has become a powerful enabler of collaboration , but a growing number of companies fall afoul of its requirements .
Bradley Kuhn , the technical director of the Software Freedom Law Center ( SFLC ) revealed last year that he finds an average of one new GPL violator every day .
A GPL violation constitutes copyright infringement and puts the violator in a position where they risk having their license to use the software terminated .
The SFLC and a handful of other organizations such as gpl- violations.org , attempt to educate companies about GPL compliance and help them conform with the requirements of the license .
In rare instances , some open source software projects have used litigation in response to persistent and uncorrected violations .
For example , the open source BusyBox project — which provides a set of command - line tools and a lightweight interactive shell for mobile Linux computing environments — has been at the center of a string of GPL enforcement lawsuits targeted at mainstream consumer electronics vendors .
As licensing enforcement experts have explained in the past , compliance is not particularly burdensome — companies really just need to pay attention and do due diligence .
That is one area where the new binary analysis tool could potentially be helpful .
The tool is developed by Armijn Hemel and Shane Coughlan , the people behind the two consulting firms that released the software .
Hemel is widely - known for his contributions to the gpl-violations.org effort .
The tool is designed to analyze binary device firmware images in order to detect software .
It can extract BusyBox version and configuration data and find strings that indicate the presence of the Linux kernel .
It is built around an extensible " knowledgebase " which means that it can be extended to scan for other specific pieces of software .
It could be useful tool for companies that are uncertain about the contents of their firmware and want to verify whether it contains Linux or BusyBox .
Developed with funding from the Linux Foundation and the NLnet Foundation , the binary analysis tool is distributed under the permissive Apache license .
It is available for download from the project 's website , along with some introductory documentation and other details .
The source code , which is largely written in the Python programming language , is available from the project 's public Subversion repository .
IF you ’re a woman who would like to date younger men , you can find lots of articles about these relationships by doing a Google search .
But as a woman looking for a man , you might be a little confused by the advertisements that accompany these articles .
One promises to help you find sexy Latin women , and another , hot Latvian ladies .
But there are no links to the growing number of “ cougar ” dating sites , matching older women with younger men , on content sites that show up in a Google search .
Google has recently deemed those dating sites “ nonfamily safe , ” and therefore its ads for such sites containing the word “ cougar ” will not be allowed on so - called content pages .
The Google advertising system has two components : one for ads that appear next to search results , and one for its content network .
For a company like CougarLife.com , now banned from the content network , that means its ads will no longer appear on more than 6,700 Web sites , including Ask.com , YouTube and MySpace , which accounted for 60 percent of its traffic , said Thomas Koshy , vice president for marketing at CougarLife , a Toronto - based site that says it has a half - million members , men and women .
Google continues to allow similar advertising for the many sites that match older men and younger women , like DateAMillionaire.com , which assures its clients they can meet “ sugar babies . ”
By Ollie Irish
Some very good players wo n’t be at the World Cup next month for their nations .
Witness :
pa-photos_t_not - going-to-world-cup-15-1605 b ◄ Back Next ► Picture 1 of 15 Francesco Totti - Italy .
Not selected
Photos : PA
( Note : players from countries which did n’t qualify are not included )
Reducing energy consumption in data centers , particularly with the prospect of a federal carbon tax , is pushing vendors to explore an ever - growing range of ideas .
HP engineers say that biogas may , excuse this , offer a fresh alternative energy approach for IT managers .
Researchers at Hewlett Packard Co.'s HP Labs presented a paper ( download PDF ) on using cow manure from dairy farms and cattle feedlots and other " digested farm waste " to generate electricity to an American Society of Mechanical Engineers conference held this week .
In the paper , the research team calculates that " a hypothetical farm of 10,000 dairy cows " could power a 1 MW data center -- or on the order of 1,000 servers .
It 's just an idea sketched out on paper by a research team ; no demonstration project has yet been planned .
" I 've not yet submitted a purchase order for cows , " said Tom Christian , an HP researcher , in an e-mail on early Wednesday ,
Later today , as the paper attracted more and more attention , Christian sent a follow - up e-mail noting that HP labs had since received two inquirers about building a demonstration project .
" The responses have been quite serious , " he said .
Organic matter is already used by farms to generate power through a process called anaerobic digestion that produces a methane rich biogas .
HP 's paper looks at how the process could be extended to run a data center , starting with the amount of manure produced by your typical dairy cow and working up from there .
Another trend that makes the idea of turning organic waste into usable power for data centers is the moves by several firms to build facilities in rural locations , where high - speed networks allow them to take advantage of the cost advantages of such areas .
But there are some practical problems , not the least of which is connecting a data center to the cows .
" What 's the reality of getting 10,000 cows in once place ? " said Angie McEliece , an environmental consultant for RCM International in Berkeley , Calif. , which makes digester systems .
The average size dairy farm in the U.S. includes less than 1,000 cows ; farms with 5,000 cows is quite unusual , she said .
McEliece had not seen HP 's paper , but said the power estimates seem correct for 10,000 cows , though the process would n't be practical .
She noted that other organic data center energy sources , such as landfills and waste from food manufacturers , be examined as well .
Farms that now use anaerobic digestion system to generate electricity and heat typically get some funding from federal and state grants .
In such cases , a payback of four years or less on the technology is likely .
Without grants , the payback can be about 10 years , said McEliece .
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , according to this study , estimates that there are 125 operating digester projects at commercial livestock facilities in the U.S.
In 2008 they produced , in total , 290 million kWh , according to HP 's research .
This chart provided by HP Labs shows how cow manure output and the heat output of data centers can be combined to create a sustainable operation .
Patrick Thibodeau covers SaaS and enterprise applications , outsourcing , government IT policies , data centers and IT workforce issues for Computerworld .
Follow Patrick on Twitter at @DCgov , or subscribe to Patrick 's RSS feed .
His e-mail address is pthibodeau@computerworld.com .
The Conservative government has presented a new cabinet policy directing that only cabinet ministers and not their political staff can appear as witnesses before parliamentary committees .
Government House leader Jay Hill says testifying at parliamentary committees is the responsibility of cabinet ministers and not their staff .
( Adrian Wyld / Canadian Press )
The controversial new policy could trigger a fresh showdown between Prime Minister Stephen Harper and the opposition parties over the powers of Parliament , just weeks after a similar dispute over MPs ' access to uncensored documents pertaining to Afghan detainee transfers was resolved .
In a statement in the House of Commons on Tuesday morning , government House leader Jay Hill blamed the " tyranny of the opposition majority " for turning its attention to government staffers " who did not sign up … to be humiliated and intimidated by members of Parliament . "
He said the new policy ensures " there is no substitute for ministerial responsibility . "
" It is ministers who decide policy and ministers who must defend it before the House and ultimately before the people of Canada , " Hill told the House .
" Public servants and staff support ministers ' authority ; they do not supplant it . "
In response to Hill 's statement , Liberal House leader Ralph Goodale said the Conservatives have introduced another policy that is " about secrecy , about preventing accountability , about stifling transparency , about muzzling " all of the government 's assistants .
" The arrogance and the hypocrisy of this position are breathtaking , " he said .
" Parliament has the power to call any and all witnesses .
The government and its ministries are responsible to Parliament , not the other way around . "
During Tuesday 's question period , NDP Leader Jack Layton accused the Conservatives of deliberately shielding staffers who interfered with access - to - information requests for political purposes .
" Why does the prime minister want to hide employees who put in place directives to hide the truth ? " he told the House .
Harper replied the precedents and practices are clear that staff are accountable to the ministers , who are in turn responsible to the House and its committees .
" When there is a question about conduct in a minister 's office , the committee obviously can call ministers , and ministers will answer those questions , " he said .
Staffers ' humiliated and intimidated ' by MPs : Soudas
The new policy comes as Harper 's spokesman , Dimitri Soudas , declined a request to appear before the all - party committee of MPs as they investigate allegations of political interference in the release of documents under the Access to Information Act .
Transport Minister John Baird waits to testify before the Commons ethics committee on Parliament Hill in Ottawa Tuesday .
( ( Sean Kilpatrick / Canadian Press ) )
Soudas said the guiding constitutional principle in Canada is ministerial responsibility , not staffers ' , and that he would n't show .
He told CBC News that opposition MPs are using the committees to conduct " random interrogations without due process or any rules of fairness . "
" It 's one thing for politicians to be tough on each other , " Soudas said .
" But we draw the line when people who are n't elected , like ministerial staff , are humiliated and intimidated by members of Parliament . "
Transport Minister John Baird appeared in Soudas 's place on Tuesday .
Baird and Conservative MPs on the committee reiterated the government 's position that testifying at committees is a ministerial responsibility .
But NDP MP and committee member Bill Siksay said he would table a motion to summon Soudas at the committee 's next meeting .
The rotten parliament is dissolved ; this week a new one will be elected .
Scores of incumbents who fiddled their expenses will be evicted .
Many who did not are standing down anyway , too defeated by the public 's loathing of politicians to face the campaign trail .
So change is inevitable .
Parliament will be full of novice MPs .
It might also , if current opinion polls are borne out , be hung .
The Conservatives have spent much energy campaigning against that outcome .
They have publicised their irritation that voters could deprive David Cameron of a majority much better than they have explained why he deserves one in the first place .
Mr Cameron warns portentously that a coalition might lead to instability , economic jeopardy and " more of the old politics " .
Perversely , he also rejects the need to change the current voting system , which has , he says , the merit of delivering clear results .
Except this time it might not .
What then ?
Mr Cameron 's view is that the system would work fine , if only everyone voted Conservative .
This is sophistry draped in hypocrisy .
He backs first past the post , while agitating against one of the outcomes that is hard - wired into it .
He is campaigning against the voters instead of pitching for their support .
He defines change in politics as the old system preserved – but run by the Tories .
The expenses scandal signalled the need for more radical reform .
This newspaper has consistently argued that the most effective change would be to introduce a fairer voting system .
The current model contains a huge bias towards Labour and the Conservatives , giving them hundreds of safe seats where MPs can complacently ignore voters .
Parties then divert money and skew policy towards a handful of tactically important constituencies .
Awarding seats in parliament in proportion to votes cast would extend the franchise to millions of people who feel their voices have gone unheard .
Deep unfairness radiates out of our voting system and corrupts our politics .
This can only be fixed with electoral reform .
If a different system yields more coalition governments , so be it .
Mr Cameron ought to appreciate how like coalitions the current political parties already are .
Conservative policy expresses the party 's agonies in recent years as different factions have competed to graft their priorities on to the leader 's mutating creed .
When Mr Cameron became leader in 2005 he recognised that the party was widely perceived as uncaring and ill - disposed towards 21st - century Britain .
He embarked on a campaign of modernisation .
He tried to stamp out illiberal views on homosexuality .
He sought to promote candidates from minority communities .
He shifted rhetoric away from attacks on immigration and the European Union , professing instead enthusiasm for the environment and international aid .
That process yielded a rise in opinion poll ratings , but provoked suspicion within the party .
In some policy areas , the Conservative party has genuinely changed .
The Tories are reconciled to the minimum wage , civil partnerships , the NHS .
But the project is incomplete .
Modern Conservatives , Mr Cameron says , are open .
But the Tories concealed for years the non-domicile tax status of Lord Ashcroft , their deputy chairman and campaign financier .
Modern Conservatives are supposed to accept gay rights .
But the party is allied in the European parliament with homophobic nationalists .
Modern Tories should have jettisoned censorious moralism over single mothers .
But Mr Cameron offers a tax break to couples on the condition that they marry , as if lone parents , blind to the virtue of wedlock , must forfeit government help .
Marriage aside , the Tory manifesto is defined by suspicion of state intervention .
Mr Cameron promises a Big Society , in which charities , businesses and volunteers tackle social problems that Labour 's bureaucratic agencies have failed to solve .
But the Conservatives offer no credible route map for the transition from state funding .
Mr Cameron deploys the language of civic duty to salve patrician
Tory consciences over what would really be a Thatcherite assault on public sector jobs and services .
Nobody disputes the need to rein in government spending .
All three main parties pledge to do so .
But only the Conservatives embrace austerity out of an ideological conviction that government is by nature pernicious .
That belief , central to Conservative philosophy , left David Cameron and George Osborne ill - equipped to respond when financial crisis struck .
Their support for government action to stabilise the banks and stimulate the wider economy was queasy and slow .
By contrast , history will recognise Gordon Brown 's intellectual acuity and political resolve when the edifice of global capitalism looked liable to fall .
Mr Brown would surely like the election to be decided on the basis of the decisions he took in those crucial days .
But Labour comes into the campaign defending 13 years of incumbency , the last three of which have passed under a prime minister who has failed to inspire party and country with a coherent agenda for government .
As a result , Labour 's election offer has been too retrospective , a plea to preserve old achievements with little promise of greater things to come .
Even then , Mr Brown has been a weak advocate for the government 's record .
Labour reversed a generation of Tory under - investment in public services , building new schools , hospitals and children 's centres , recruiting thousands of teachers and nurses , subsidising nursery care .
Britain 's social infrastructure has been upgraded .
The Tory assertion that public spending rises under Labour were profligate is false .
There was some waste .
But mostly , Labour spent to improve the quality of life of ordinary British citizens .
Now , however , the money has run out and Labour looks spent , with few ideas and a crumpled leader .
There are as many causes for regret as there are for celebration in Labour 's record .
Tony Blair made peace in Northern Ireland , but he also made war in Iraq .
Under Labour , violent crime has fallen substantially , but jails are full and fail to rehabilitate their inmates .
In response to terrorism , crime and anti-social behaviour Labour has bought security at an intolerable cost in liberty .
In place of community , we have CCTV .
Labour government has raised the incomes of the poorest , but not as quickly as it facilitated the transfer of wealth to the richest .
Mr Brown was courageous in fixing the financial crisis , but cowardly beforehand in allowing the City 's culture of greed and reckless borrowing to colonise the rest of the economy .
The vital context for this election is the twin crises in our economy and our politics .
On both issues most credit accrues to the Liberal Democrats .
Their Treasury spokesman Vince Cable was prescient in warning of an unsustainable debt bubble ; Nick Clegg pushed for greater openness about expenses long before the scandal erupted .
The Lib Dems have in recent years developed a habit of getting things right .
They were first of the big three to embrace environmentalism , first to kick back against the assault on civil liberties , alone in opposing the Iraq war .
The conventional riposte to those boasts is that the Lib Dems were free to take idealistic positions because they knew they would never be tested in government .
Thus is political courage denigrated as a luxury of eternal opposition .
Mr Clegg 's mettle cannot be fully tested until he is in office .
But he did manage , in the televised leaders ' debates , to articulate sensible , liberal positions on immigration and on European integration that many Labour ministers might share but would be afraid to express .
He resisted the temptations of casual populism and stated his case with passion and clarity .
Not every Lib Dem policy meets that standard .
The party 's aversion to nuclear power as a low - carbon energy source is misguided .
Its unaffordable aspiration to abolish university tuition fees is either naive or disingenuous .
But the thrust of Nick Clegg 's manifesto is right on political reform , right on tax reform that would redistribute wealth from high finance to ordinary citizen , right on liberty and equality .
By advocating these things with refreshing urgency , Mr Clegg has also exposed the vacuity of David Cameron 's claim to represent change .
The Conservative leader has had four and a half years in which to come up with an offer that might inspire the country .
Yet , on the eve of polling he is left recycling populist lines on immigration from the 2005 manifesto and spreading fear of a hung parliament .
Tory poll ratings peaked nearly two years ago and have recently dipped as low as levels achieved under Michael Howard .
Mr Cameron set himself the twin tasks of irrevocably transforming his party and earning a resounding mandate from voters .
Judging by the campaign so far , he has failed .
The Tories have misdiagnosed the country 's problems and offer the wrong prescriptions .
They think society is broken , and think wedding bells can fix it .
They say the economy is wounded , and offer cuts to save it .
For all the government 's failings and mistakes over 13 years , Labour 's historic instinct is to protect those most vulnerable in a harsh economic climate .
Many voters will want to reward that instinct even if it has been poorly expressed by the party 's high command .
There are constituencies where the only way to ensure a presence in parliament that might halt a Tory assault on public services is to support the local Labour candidate .
But ideally the Conservative proposition should be met with a positive and radical alternative .
Nick Clegg 's party offers the prospect of political renewal that David Cameron used merely as camouflage .
There is a moral imperative to consider in this election , distinct from the old Labour - Tory contest .
Opinion polls throughout the campaign suggest that the country wants the Lib Dems to take a place of equal standing alongside the other main parties .
A grossly unfair voting system has historically deprived them of that right .
It is vital this time that they win a mandate for real change expressed in the overall share of the vote , not just in the discredited distribution of seats in parliament .
There is only one party on the ballot paper that , by its record in the old parliament , its manifesto for the new one and its leader 's performance in the campaign , can claim to represent an agenda for radical , positive change in politics .
That party is the Liberal Democrats .
There is only one way clearly to endorse that message and that is to vote Liberal Democrat .
Get the stories that matter to you sent straight to your inbox with our daily newsletter .
Subscribe
Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
A GIRL of 21 with three A - levels killed herself because she could n't get a job .
Brainy Vicky Harrison was desperate to work but had been turned down for more than 200 jobs in two years .
Finally , after yet another rejection letter , she took a massive overdose of pills .
She told her mother in a suicide note : " I do n't want to be me any more . "
Vicky 's heartbroken mum Louise said last night : " She was humiliated that she could n't find work .
" The day before she died she had a rejection letter from a nursery job and that was a blow .
" That letter , combined with the fact she had to go and sign - on the next day , was too much for her .
" Vicky was a wonderful daughter and to say her death was a shock is an understatement .
" We 're struggling to come to terms with it .
Vicky is , and always was , special .
" It was obvious how upset she had become but she would never want to tell us how down she was .
She did n't want to upset us . "
Vicky 's dad Tony added : " In the end , it obviously got her down to a point that she felt she had no future .
" It should n't have been like that .
Vicky had a lot to give and she was very determined .
" She was such a gorgeous girl and had a stunning smile .
She was clever too , and she never wanted charity .
" There was no reason why she should n't have been able to find a job . "
Vicky , of Darwen , Lancashire , left school with three A - levels and 10 GCSEs and spent a year at university before deciding to leave and get a job .
She tried to get work as a waitress , shop assistant and dinner lady .
But even though she sent off applications every week , she got nothing back but rejection .
Many of her letters were totally ignored .
Vicky took the overdose on March 31 .
Tony found her , surrounded by empty pill bottles and blister packs .
She left three notes , one for each of her parents and one for her boyfriend of three years , Nathan Haworth , 22 .
Vicky wrote : " It is just that I do n't want to be me any more .
Please do n't be sad .
It is not your fault .
I want everybody in my life to be HAPPY . "
Nathan and Vicky 's parents hope to start a support group for other young people struggling to find a future .
" I 've lost my soulmate , " Nathan said .
" I can't believe she 's gone .
" The support group needs to be a place where people can understand this is not the end of the world .
" Some good needs to come from Vicky 's death . "
Vicky 's funeral was held in Darwen last week .
An inquest will be held in June .
Finally , a weather forecast ladies can use !
The Beauty Forecast on The Weather Channel 's website warns that today , New Yorkers will experience dry skin with a frizz front moving in on Wednesday .
Luckily , TWC has beauty recommendations .
Advertisement
Since ladies in New York will be experiencing a chance of frizz and dry skin , they should make sure to throw some Jergens Shea Butter Deep Conditioning Moisturizer and Frizz - Ease Smooth Start Hydrating Shampoo & Conditioner in their purses today .
Los Angeles will be experiencing very similar weather conditions , but apparently these Jergens and Frizz - Ease products are better suited to the East Coast .
Advertisement
Miami readers : Did TV networks break in to programing today to alert you that you 're under a High Frizz Alert ?
Expect long lines at the drug store and shortages of Jergens Natural Glow Healthy Complexion Daily Facial Moisturizer and Frizz - Ease 100 % Shine Glossing Mist as women in the area brace for impact .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Looks like a good time to get out of the States .
Just be sure to check The Weather Channel before you pack for your Japanese vacation , because you 'll have a whole new set of weather worries in Asia .
Is there nowhere on this planet where women can enjoy hydrated skin and smooth , shiny hair in peace ?
Advertisement
OK , clearly we 're not safe in Iceland .
Advertisement
Or Kenya .
There 's got to be a wingnut joke in here somewhere , but we do n't know where it is .
Five Day Beauty Forecast [ Weather Channel ]
This is a guest post by Jamie Bernstein .
Jamie is a graduate student in public policy at the University of Chicago .
…
I am generally not the activist type .
It ’s not that I do n’t have strong opinions or do n’t care deeply about a variety of issues , but I just generally do n’t like to go to rallies or protests .
However , when I received an email two nights ago from Bruce Critelli saying that the anti-vaxers were going to have a rally right here in Chicago and that the keynote speaker would be Andrew Wakefield , the man who recently lost the right to practice medicine in the UK and wrote the thoroughly discredited study touting a link between vaccines and autism , I knew I had to go .
I was n’t planning on protesting and did n’t want to cause a scene — I just wanted to genuinely try to hear what they had to say … and document the event .
The Women Thinking Free Foundation mobilized quickly to make this happen .
After my last class I ran out the door to catch the bus to downtown Chicago .
I showed up 45 min late , but it seems I did n’t miss much .
There were about 100 people there , though probably about half were wearing staff shirts and most had identical anti-vax signs that had been handed out by the rally organizers .
There were a handful of people staying out of the way in the back handing out “ fact cards ” with information discrediting Wakefield and providing true facts on the safety of vaccines .
I did n’t join them because I did n’t want to be “ outed ” but I felt more comfortable knowing they were nearby .
When I first walked in , my heart was pounding .
I felt like any second someone there would see me and shout “ She ’s not one of us !
Get her ! ” and a hundred mothers and their children would suddenly sprout fangs and attack me in a feeding frenzy .
Instead I saw Bruce in the crowd and ran over to him so I ’d have someone to talk to throughout the rally .
Generally the crowd consisted of mothers with their young children .
It looked sweet until I started listening to what the speakers were actually saying .
Words like “ Nazis , ” “ eugenics , ” “ world order , ” and other bogeymen brought up to terrify parents were tossed about with what seemed like utter disregard toward their true meaning .
Most of the speakers focused on painting a picture of the people who tout vaccines as evil .
And , I ’m not talking “ Glenn Beck evil ” here , I mean Hitler / Al Queda evil .
In their view , pharmaceutical companies commit blatant fraud , creating horrible , toxic , poisonous substances like vaccines and acetaminophen ( yep , Tylenol is EVIL ! ) and then making up lists of benefits and selling it to the public under the lie that its good for you .
And do n’t forget the government .
Clearly the government is in the pocket of BIG PHARMA ( capitalized because every time anyone mentioned BIG PHARMA , it really sounded capitalized ) .
They get money from BIG PHARMA in order to turn their heads even when they know people are taking fraudulent products , and some even get enough money to convince them to legislate mandates and subsidize vaccines .
Oh , but while we ’re at it , do n’t forget your family doctor .
S/he ’s in on it too .
See , they just really love to stick needles in your child ’s arm .
When you try to tell your doctor that you did that googling thing and read some stuff from a YouTube commenter on the internets and are sure that your son got autism from vaccines , your doctor will just laugh and you .
Why ?
Because doctors think they are so smart from going to school and hate mothers and children .
That ’s why they became pediatricians in the first place , just so they can poison children then laugh about it afterward while rolling in their BIG PHARMA money .
I know this sounds like I ’m exaggerating , but I ’m completely serious .
This is right along the lines of things said by speakers at the rally .
Do n’t believe me ?
Listen to the song “ Vaccine Gestapo ” by The Refusers — really just one guy ( Michael Belkin ) who sings along to a recording ( serious ! ) .
The lyrics are here .
Not only is it a terrible song but at the rally he played this song while mothers danced with their children .
It was highly disturbing .
Finally , near the end of the rally the infamous Andrew Wakefield took the stage to cheers from a worshiping crowd .
It was Andrew Wakefield , a victim of BIG PHARMA and a martyr to mother ’s everywhere .
There are few people in the world that I can truly say I hate , but he is one of them .
The damage that he has done by scaring parents into not vaccinating their children and thereby leaving them free to contract deadly - yet - preventable diseases is beyond words .
In order to keep myself from running up onto the stage and punching him in his smug little face , I contented myself by reading snarky comments on Twitter from all the people watching on the live internet feed .
( Hemant adds : You can see Andrew Wakefield ’s speech here , courtesy of Zeno ’s Arrow . )
After the rally I went and spoke with some of the other pro-science people who had showed up .
At some point Bruce and I saw that Andrew Wakefield was particularly accessible and decided that we wanted to get a picture of him .
I went up to him and asked and next thing I knew Andrew Wakefield had his arm around me setting up for a happy , smiling picture .
Up until this point I had been wearing my “ Hug Me I ’m Vaccinated ” Surly - Ramic necklace from Skepchick Amy hidden under my shirt .
Right before the picture was taken I pulled it out and flashed a smile to the camera .
Andrew Wakefield had no idea what just happened .
( From left to right , that ’s me , Andrew Wakefield , and Bruce Critelli . )
As I left , I shook his hand and handed him a folded note I had handwritten the night before .
I asked him if he would read it later when he got a chance .
He told me he would , thanked me , and put the note in his pocket .
The note said the following :
Dear Andrew Wakefield , I know that you truly believe that what you are doing is helping people and that the ends justify the means , but I just want you to know that the things you are doing –- the actions you have taken in the past have hurt people –- killed people .
Your work has scared and manipulated parents into not vaccinating their children , putting them and their entire community at risk , all in the name of safety .
Children have died because of you .
I just want to make sure that you fully understand that .
Sincerely ,
Jamie
SHANGHAI : Protesters have made a traditional Chinese funeral offering to the dead at the headquarters of Foxconn , the makers of Apple 's iPad , after the 11th suicide attempt - nine of them successful - at the company 's factories so far this year .
Li Hai , a 19 - year - old man from Hunan province , fell to his death from the roof of a dormitory building at Foxconn 's Longhua factory on Tuesday , leaving the world 's largest electronics manufacturer in crisis .
The spate of suicides at Foxconn has highlighted concerns over working conditions inside the giant Longhua factory , where 300,000 workers assemble goods for clients including Apple , Sony , Nintendo , Dell and Nokia .
The death comes as Apple , which has not commented , prepares to launch the iPad in Australia .
The Longhua factory is the biggest in the world and is responsible for 20 per cent of exports emerging from Shenzhen , the one - time fishing village now one of the capitals of the world 's manufacturing industry .
In the lobby of Foxconn 's headquarters in Hong Kong , two dozen activists laid mannequins to rest and conducted funeral rites .
'' We are staging the protest because of the high death rate [ at Foxconn ] , with an abnormal number of workers committing suicide in the past five months , '' said Debby Chan , a spokesman for Students and Scholars Against Corporate Misbehaviour .
Anthony Floyd
Engineering Lead at Convergent Manufacturing Technologies , Inc. Engineering Lead at Convergent Manufacturing Technologies , Inc .
We are a specialized engineering company that writes desktop applications for engineers to perform process simulation and related data analysis .
We have been using Wing Pro for the past decade with a small team of developers .
We could not be happier with the product and the support !
The debugger and code navigation tools are some of the best features in Wing Pro .
It is very easy to trace problems through complicated code .
It is easy to jump to areas of code that you need to find .
The editor is theme - able and many of our team work in ' dark mode ' .
The support is also great .
Issues get responded to quickly and fixes pushed within days .
Beltway domino theory :
On the departure of Admiral Dennis Blair
The resignation of Dennis Blair is significant in two respects .
First , it creates a wonderful opportunity for the Obama administration to reconsider the misbegotten idea of the Directorate of National Intelligence .
This entire costly bureaucratic layer could be rendered obsolete if only the president chose to empower the director of central intelligence to do the job he was intended to do in the first place — which is to coordinate intelligence flows among the multiple agencies of the intelligence community and to channel the intelligence effectively to policymakers .
Just because past presidents have been unwilling to do this is does n’t mean Obama or his successors ca n’t or should n’t .
Quite the contrary , the tensions between Blair and CIA Director Leon Panetta and the degree to which the DNI and his bureaucracy either slowed intel flows and processes or failed to improve them to a degree worthy of their cost suggests a good , hard look in the direction of this undoing of the Bush mistake would be warranted .
Next , it is the first rumbling of what could be a truly major restructuring of the Obama national security team in the next six or seven months .
While Washington rumors are just about as dependable as Washington promises , there is widespread expectation that the post - midterm election period will see several major departures .
Among these could be Gen. Jim Jones at the NSC and Defense Secretary Robert Gates .
In the words of one senior official with whom I have spoken recently , they have offered Gates " everything but the kitchen sink to stay " but he has been intractable .
Given that Gates is almost certainly the second - most - powerful man in Washington — because he is Obama ’s most important validator in a policy realm in which the president is extremely vulnerable , because he is almost certainly the best defense secretary in modern U.S. history , and because he is a vital ally to people like Secretary of State Hillary Clinton — his departure would be an especially heavy and widely felt blow .
Indeed , it is Obama ’s vulnerability on the national security front that makes the changes that are likely to come so significant .
With deadlines looming in Iraq and Afghanistan that are unlikely to be satisfactorily met , with the Iran nuclear process itself the victim of many missed deadlines and initiatives that have been or are likely to be unsuccessful , with the Israel - Palestinian issue festering , possible war between Israel , Lebanon and Syria brewing for the summer , unabated terrorist threats , and an out - of - control and unaffordable defense budget , this is no time for a house cleaning .
Add to the mix the rumored departures of key political players who have had big roles on these issues like Rahm Emanuel and David Axelrod and this early tremor seems especially foreboding .
Among the rumored replacements for Gates , by the way , we find not only Sen. Jack Reed and former Sen. Chuck Hagel , but because both have chinks in their armor — Reed is a Democratic senator from a state with a Republican governor ( meaning if he left his replacement might not be a Democrat ) , and Hagel is smart and respected but has a reputation for being a bit challenging to deal with at times — a new name has joined the list being buzzed about : Hillary Clinton .
She has Armed Services Committee chops , might like the bigger budget , and many covet her job at State .
Also relevant as the games of possible musical chairs go is the fact that Tom Donilon , Jones ’s deputy , would not only be a candidate to replace him , he might be a candidate to replace Emanuel .
This , were it true , would only create further turnover on the national - security side .
( This is why I think he is unlikely to get that position which , in my opinion , should go to the guy who should have had it in the first place , former Sen. Tom Daschle . )
One last point : Denny Blair is an exceptionally gifted man who has contributed enormously to the U.S. throughout a remarkable career of public service .
He is one of those guys about whom the glowing words spoken about him at the time of his departure ceremonies will actually be true .
Quantum teleportation has achieved a new milestone or , should we say , a new ten - milestone : scientists have recently had success teleporting information between photons over a free space distance of nearly ten miles , an unprecedented length .
The researchers who have accomplished this feat note that this brings us closer to communicating information without needing a traditional signal , and that the ten miles they have reached could span the distance between the surface of the earth and space .
As we 've explained before , " quantum teleportation " is quite different from how many people imagine teleportation to work .
Rather than picking one thing up and placing it somewhere else , quantum teleportation involves entangling two things , like photons or ions , so their states are dependent on one another and each can be affected by the measurement of the other 's state .
When one of the items is sent a distance away , entanglement ensures that changing the state of one causes the other to change as well , allowing the teleportation of quantum information , if not matter .
However , the distance particles can be from each other has been limited so far to a number of meters .
Teleportation over distances of a few hundred meters has previously only been accomplished with the photons traveling in fiber channels to help preserve their state .
In this particular experiment , researchers maximally entangled two photons using both spatial and polarization modes and sent the one with higher energy through a ten - mile - long free space channel .
They found that the distant photon was still able to respond to changes in state of the photon they held onto even at this unprecedented distance .
However , the long - distance teleportation of a photon is only a small step towards developing applications for the procedure .
While photons are good at transmitting information , they are not as good as ions at allowing manipulation , an advancement we 'd need for encryption .
Researchers were also able to maintain the fidelity of the long - distance teleportation at 89 percent — decent enough for information , but still dangerous for the whole - body human teleportation that we 're all looking forward to .
Science , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1038 / NPHOTON.2010.87 ( About DOIs ) .
About the time I decide Glenn Beck really is oozy slime from the ninth circle of hell , Hannity slithers back into focus .
Truly , there are some people so despicable , so utterly amoral ... but I digress .
Last night Sean Hannity went on and on with a litany of lies intended to prove we have an irresponsible President .
In the ultimate irony , Hannity claims Obama is not " interested in the facts or the truth . "
Oh , there 's a hoot .
He goes on to claim the White House was slow to react to the Nashville floods despite Nashville 's mayor saying the opposite , Obama has n't read Arizona 's immigration law , the oil spill is Obama 's Katrina ( long debunked here , here , and here ) , and makes the scurrilous , unfounded , ignorant claim that this Administration is incompetent .
At the end he asks , " President Obama , is it time to step up ? or maybe step aside ? "
I feel the need to respond to him directly .
Gosh , Hannity .
Where was that question when you were so bent in 2007 you felt the need to rant about " Democrats emboldening our enemies " by criticizing President Bush ?
Mr. Hannity , were YOU ready to step up or step aside when your good pal Hal Turner was rounded up by the FBI and carried away for threatening federal judges ?
And while I 'm at it , Mr. Hannity , did you call for President Bush to step up or step aside when it was clear for anyone with half a brain to see how the Cheney - Bush administration perverted the rule of law with the efforts to politicize the US Attorneys ?
No , no you did n't .
You APPLAUDED the erosion of our civil rights and constitution .
You know what I truly dislike , Mr. Hannity ?
I truly dislike people who stand up and thump their chests , puff up and call themselves " Christians " and " patriots " while using their taxpayer subsidized nonprofit organization to pay for private jets , nasty mailers , book - pimping and other activities unrelated to the purpose of said non-profit organization .
So here 's the deal , Mr. Hannity .
YOU can sit down and shut up or you can step down .
At this point , you 're a useless sack of words spewing onto the airwaves while MY taxpayers dollars subsidize your effort to dodge your own obligations to our country while you make a mockery of true patriots and Christians .
That is all .
By Jonathan Amos
Science correspondent , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The US space shuttle Atlantis has launched from Florida on what is expected to be its final outing .
The orbiter soared into blue skies above the Kennedy Space Center , leaving the pad at 1420 local time ( 1820 GMT ) .
Its 12 - day mission will take it to the International Space Station ( ISS ) where it will deliver a Russian module .
Only two further flights remain after this one , by Discovery and Endeavour .
Nasa is trying to get these missions concluded before the end of the year .
The orbiter fleet will then be retired to museums .
Big crowds had gathered on the roads leading to the Nasa facility and on the beaches of Florida 's Space Coast , all eager to catch the spectacular ascent of a shuttle one more time .
Mike Leinbach , Nasa 's shuttle launch director , gave the final go for launch .
" On behalf of all the manufacturing , processing , flight and launch teams that have worked on Atlantis since March of 1980 , I 'd like to wish you all good luck , God speed ; and have a little fun up there , " he told the crew .
Commander Ken Ham radioed back : " If you do n't mind we 'll take her out of the barn and make a few more laps around the planet . "
The crew 's mission badge shows Atlantis flying into a sunset .
Large numbers of people had gathered to see Atlantis go
The ship climbed to orbit without apparent problem , shutting down its main engines eight - and - a - half minutes after leaving Kennedy and having reached an altitude of some 220 km ( 120 nautical miles ) .
The crew will use a sensor system on the end of a robotic arm to check the integrity of the vehicle 's exterior surfaces on day two of the mission .
Docking with the ISS should occur on day three .
US President Barack Obama has announced a new exploration policy that he says would take humans beyond the International Space Station ( ISS ) , beyond even the Moon , to asteroids and to Mars .
ATLANTIS SHUTTLE BY NUMBERS
First flight : 3 October 1985 Total number of flights : 31 Distance travelled : 186,315,249 km
Total number of days in orbit : 282 Total number of orbits : 4,462 Pre-launch statistics
' First last flight of Atlantis '
The shuttles , which have been working in space since 1981 , cannot fulfil that role .
Nasa is being asked to pass the business of taxiing astronauts to and from the ISS to private companies and to concentrate its efforts on developing the vehicles that can reach more distant targets .
Veteran astronaut Jerry Ross who made five of his seven spaceflights on Atlantis - more than anyone else - said it was a shame to see the programme come to an end but that he recognised the orbiters had probably had their day .
" The shuttles seem to be flying about as well as they 've ever flown .
We 're flying longer missions and having fewer problems on orbit than we 've ever had on the vehicles , " he told reporters in a pre-flight briefing .
" Like I said , you 're gonna get a lot of different opinions on what 's going on .
My own private , personal opinion is that the shuttle has run its course .
It 's time to press on with something different . "
Atlantis 's final mission is its 32nd since entering service in 1985 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Notable achievements in its career have included launching interplanetary probes from orbit and leading the Shuttle - Mir programme which saw the ship visit the Russian Mir space station more times than any other ship in the fleet .
The current mission has Atlantis carrying a 7 m - long ( 23ft ) docking and storage module known as Rassvet ( Russian for " dawn " ) for installation on the ISS .
The shuttle 's cargo bay also contains a large rack structure holding six new batteries for the orbiting platform , as well as a spare communications Ku-band antenna , and a tool tray for the station 's Dextre robot system .
These items will be placed on the outside of the platform during three spacewalks .
The trickiest moment of the mission is likely to come on flight day five when the Rassvet module is attached to the underside of the station .
Russian modules are normally flown into their berthing positions , not lifted into place by a robotic arm .
The Atlantis crew have to be sure they apply sufficient pressure with the arm to engage the docking mechanism on Rassvet .
Rassvet will also be filled with more than a tonne of supplies for the ISS
' Robo - man ' Piers Sellers Newton tree sample set for space The British - born US astronaut Piers Sellers will be directing robotic operations .
" We 're going to be pretending to dock this like a Soyuz or Progress spacecraft , " he said .
" We 're going to use the arm and very carefully approach the docking cone , and we 're going to fool Rassvet into thinking it 's docking itself .
That 's how it 's going to activate all its latches and hooks . "
After it returns from the ISS , Atlantis will not go straight to a museum .
It will instead be prepared as a standby shuttle ready to go rescue the astronauts on November 's Endeavour flight should they get into trouble .
Nasa has not excluded the possibility that it could yet fly out this standby shuttle to take additional spares and supplies to the space station .
The next shuttle mission - what should be the second to last - will see Discovery deliver a container full of supplies and spares to the ISS .
Nasa is working towards a September lift - off .
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Mark Webber has said he is not ruling out a move to a different team when his Red Bull Racing contract expires at the end of this season .
The Australian now holds a joint championship lead with team - mate Sebastian Vettel after winning the last two grands prix , and has become one of the key figures in the driver market with his current contract expiring at the end of 2010 .
Although he admits he is happy at Red Bull , he left himself open to the possibility of moving for 2011 , with Ferrari known to have a potential vacancy with Felipe Massa 's contract also ending this year .
" I 've just won two races , back - to - back , and people are asking me where I 'm going to drive next year , " Webber said in an interview with The Mail on Sunday .
" I 'm very close to the guys at Red Bull , we 've been through a lot and I have a great relationship with them .
Yet things happen and change very fast in this business and you never know what 's around the corner . "
Webber expects his future to be decided by the time of the British Grand Prix in July .
" At the moment , I 'm only thinking about the next race , in Turkey next weekend .
The rest will take care of itself .
There are hundreds of points up for grabs and I 'm concentrating on the job in hand .
I imagine the picture will be clearer in another six weeks or so .
But what matters most is I still have a great desire driving me . "
He also took time to reflect on his Monaco Grand Prix victory last weekend , admitting that he has been blown away by his achievement .
" It seems a lot of people watch the Monaco Grand Prix ! " he added .
" I suppose it 's amazing because , only three or four weeks ago , everyone was talking about the dream team at McLaren or Michael [ Schumacher ] doing this or that .
But I 'm not getting carried away ; our sport changes in a flash .
" It struck me that , at that dinner with the Prince , I was part of history .
I 'll never forget them peeling back the roof of the building for a fireworks display .
It was a great conclusion to what had been a unique , dramatic week in my life . "
Webber returned to the Monte Carlo track on Monday to take some time to revel in his victory .
" I drove round the track again in my road car looking to see where the rubber was , just taking in the moment , " he said .
" The last time I 'd driven it , I 'd been pretty wired !
I am not one for the glitz or glamour , but I know how tough it is to win there .
A small error and your race is over .
I just wanted another look on Monday . "
Amid mounting criticism over Facebook 's privacy practices , CEO Mark Zuckerberg issued a Washington Post op - ed to apologize for his simpleton users ' inability to understand Facebook .
God , how hard can this be , people ?
Following up on his Sunday email to blogger Robert Scoble , Zuckerberg did admit " we ... missed the mark . "
But he was talking , in true computer - geek style , about Facebook 's confusing settings panels — not about all the profile data Facebook has intentionally and permanently made public amid its quest for traffic growth , or about its many recent privacy breaches .
Here 's what Zuckerberg wrote :
Many of you thought our controls were too complex .
Our intention was to give you lots of granular controls ; but that may not have been what many of you wanted .
We just missed the mark .
No doubt Facebook 's privacy controls could use some simplification , as Zuckerberg promises .
Our numerous guides to restoring Facebook privacy have racked up loads of traffic and regularly generate a disproportionate number of emails from readers .
And the New York Times recently showed in an infographic how Facebook has more than 50 settings with more than 170 options , a bewildering array .
But along with user confusion at Facebook come some very real and very controversial decisions by the company on behalf of its users .
For examples , user likes and interests , current city and hometown must now be publicly visible via a " connection . "
Your friend list and profile picture now are , according to Facebook 's recently - revised privacy policy , now public information .
To the concerns over this , Zuckerberg has nothing to say ; if anything , he makes it sounds like users are just confused — that sounds familiar — and have as many protections as ever :
We have also heard that some people do n't understand how their personal information is used and worry that it is shared in ways they do n't want .
I 'd like to clear that up now .
Many people choose to make some of their information visible to everyone so people they know can find them on Facebook .
We already offer controls to limit the visibility of that information and we intend to make them even stronger .
We 'll see what Zuckerberg means about making privacy controls " stronger . "
For now , though , it looks like the founder who told Scoble he'd " made a bunch of mistakes " has a very different idea of what those mistakes are than the rest of us do .
( Pic by JD Lasica )
InSiDe
Sleep
Is Death is an innovative 2 - player storytelling game by Jason Rohrer that encourages users to draw the backgrounds and characters for their stories .
Although there are basic pixel painting tools built into the game , InSiDe was developed to allow players to bring more complex or already - existing artwork in , as well as to easily create and manipulate SiD resource packs to share their creations with others .
Wrangling !
Browsing tiles , rooms , sprites and objects in resource packs .
Merging resource packs , deleting items and resolving dependencies .
Explore the SiD resource cache , extract items into new packs .
Importing !
Import images directly as rooms ( 208 x 208 backgrounds )
Grid -slice images into tiles or sprites
Slice up sprite maps with edge - finding
A prebuilt executable can be downloaded
InSiDe is built using the The source code is available on GitHub A prebuilt executable can be downloaded here InSiDe is built using the .NET Framework 3.5
Mono can run InSiDe on OSX 10.6 and Ubuntu with most features intact .
Install it on your OS of choice , then ...
Ubuntu
Install the WinForms library – open a terminal and enter
sudo apt - get install libmono - winforms *
To launch the application , navigate to where you ’ve unpacked InSiDe and use
mono InSiDe.exe
OSX 10.6
Run it directly from the terminal , as above .
User ' uselessness ' in the SiD community also wrote an OSX launcher for InSiDe that I have mirrored for download here .
We did n’t just choose the 10 best ones .
We checked them with the fine - tooth comb , intercepted and analyzed their traffic , studied hundreds upon hundreds of customer reviews .
The result of our work will be really useful to you .
Do you know that virtual private network ( or VPN for short ) is the most efficient and multifunctional restriction bypassing and privacy providing technology ?
Indeed , this technology was associated with hacking very recently .
Today , however , it ’s an important part of life for hundreds of millions of people .
What does a VPN provide us with ?
Traffic protection Privacy protection ( prevents determining the location and identity via the IP ) Protection of the addresses of visited websites Restrictions bypassing ( such as unblocking Netflix ) Blocks bypassing ( as in censorship and other prohibitions )
Can one use the internet without all of these ?
Sure enough !
But does a VPN open new opportunities and give access to more information while protecting us at the same time ?
Of course , it does .
There is a considerable problem , though .
VPN providers can be vastly different and most of them do not quite reach even the average level , not to mention the top one .
Using top- class VPNs definitely makes sense !
10 Best VPN Services of 2020
The best VPN providers ExpressVPN :
The best service for any tasks that VPN technology solves .
Fast , powerful , multifunctional .
NordVPN :
The world ’s most popular service .
Has more than 5600 servers and continues to develop .
Surfshark : The cheapest professional VPN .
Prices start at $ 1.99 per month .
Works even in China .
CyberGhost VPN : An all - around VPN targeting US , UK , and FR Netflix .
Mullvad :
The best service to implement the progressive WireGuard tunneling protocol .
PIA : A very popular provider that allows fine - tuning the VPN connection .
IPVanish :
An American service that claims it works with its own ( non-rented ) servers .
ZenMate : A simplified , cheaper version of CyberGhost VPN .
ProtonVPN : Swiss quality and servers buried 1000 meters into a rock .
Perfect Privacy : Advanced features but no Netflix support .
​ All the listed VPNs are ranked according to the results of the regular investigations and user reviews .
Every service has both brief and detailed review .
You can find them hereinafter .
Also , we ’ve published the detailed VPN reviews with security tests and multi-platform compatibility study .
You ’ll find the links to them while reading this article .
How the best VPNs differ from regular ones
This table showcases the main differences between the providers of three quality levels : professional , average and low .
There are no specialized or private services on this list that work with corporate networks or with the users of the darknet .
Top level Average level Low level Has its own apps : for every platform for some platforms none Number of servers : 500 + ( up to 7000 ) 30 - 500 < 30 Number of countries : 25 + 10-25 < 10 Keeps logs : definitely not usually not usually does Support of Netflix , etc. : usually has does n't have does n't have Speed , Mbps : More than 50 10 - 50 Lower than 10 ( often lower than 3 )
These are just the most important differences .
There are many more subjective important ones to which dozens of factors contribute .
For example , a good VPN should n’t be an obstacle in your work .
It has to work stably and without issues .
An average one can let some disconnections , connectivity failures , and occasional slow speeds .
Working with a VPN of the lowest level is a struggle for at least a little convenience .
My advice .
If you need an all - round multifunctional VPN for everyday use , pay the closest attention to the top 4 .
The services below it are more specialized ones .
The best VPN for regular use
VPN - Review.com conducted a new 6 - month long research of VPN providers and ExpressVPN scored the highest among them .
It was found to be the best service in terms of privacy and security as well as providing access to Netflix , Hulu , and other streaming content of any region .
NordVPN , Surfshark , CyberGhost VPN , Mullvad , and other services are just as good but have certain peculiarities .
Read on to choose the perfect VPN for you .
VPNs : Characteristics comparison
Service Ranking ( out of 10 ) Speed , Mbps Number of countries Netflix Price ( monthly ) ExpressVPN 10 More than 100 94 + $ 6.67-12.95 NordVPN 10 60 - 80 58 + $ 3.49 -11.95 Surfshark 10 50 - 80 61 + $ 1.99 - 11.95 CyberGhost VPN 9 40-70 90 + $ 2.75-12.99 Mullvad 9 60 -80 38 - €5 PIA 8 70-90 32 - $ 2.42 -$ 8.45 IPVanish 7 40-70 50 - $ 6.49 -$ 10 * ZenMate 7 10 -50 27 + $ 1.64 -$ 9.99 ProtonVPN 7 10-80 42 + $ 4 - $ 24 Perfect Privacy 7 More than 100 26 - $ 8.95 -$ 12.99
*- Has several sales per year when the price is halved for the first - time buyers
ExpressVPN has the best combination of technical characteristics , software quality , and extra functions .
It can be rightfully called a premium VPN .
The provider fully protects private data and traffic and almost does n’t affect the speed .
It ’s equally effective on desktops and mobile platforms .
ExpressVPN is also the best VPN service to bypass Netflix ’s geo-restrictions .
Try ExpressVPN
Read our full review Main advantages :
Very high speeds
Works on every platform
Locations in 94 countries
Supports Netflix and Hulu Very high speedsWorks on every platformLocations in 94 countriesSupports Netflix and Hulu Main characteristics of the provider : Speeds higher than 100 Mbps
Supports every platform
Has passed security tests on every platform
A lot of positive reviews
5 simultaneous connections
30 - day money - back guarantee
NordVPN has been the most popular VPN service according to Google Trends for three years now .
It also used to be the largest provider with more than 5600 servers on board .
The service is oriented towards multipurpose usefulness but its features go far beyond the regular boundaries .
It supports double VPN , has servers with protocol obfuscation , and continuously supports streaming .
Try NordVPN
Read our full review Main advantages :
More than 5600 servers
Double VPN
Support of all Netflix regions
Servers with obfuscation More than 5600 serversDouble VPNSupport of all Netflix regionsServers with obfuscation Main characteristics of the provider : Proven security even with the default settings
Support of all Netflix regions
Obfuscation
Double VPN
6 simultaneous connections
30 - day money - back guarantee
Surfshark ’s features are shocking while its price is extremely low .
And there are no tricks here : our test and long - lasting use of the service confirm its high quality , streaming support , and convenience for torrenting .
Server speed is almost as good as that of ExpressVPN .
The ability to add ( for an extra payment ) tracking protection makes this service even more functional .
Try Surfshark
Read our full review Main advantages :
Powerful functionality
MultiHop VPN
Very low price ( starting at $ 1.99 )
Netflix support Powerful functionalityMultiHop VPNVery low price ( starting at $ 1.99 ) Netflix support Main characteristics of the provider : Unlimited simultaneous connections
Has passed all the security tests
Dedicated IP , double VPN , safe torrenting on every platform
Support of all platforms including Chrome and Firefox
30 - day money - back guarantee
# 4 . CyberGhost VPN
CyberGhost VPN can be called the fastest - growing VPN .
Last November , its owner company Kape Technologies acquired the giant Private Internet Access .
And , judging by the sharp increase in the number of servers , it added the latter ’s technical infrastructure to that of CyberGhost VPN .
Now almost 7000 servers are united into one – and the most large - scale one – network .
Try Cyber Ghost
Read our full review Main advantages :
Special servers for streaming and torrenting
Kill switch always on
Locations in 94 countries
Merger with PIA Special servers for streaming and torrentingKill switch always onLocations in 94 countries Merger with PIA Main characteristics of the provider : Support of all platforms
Split tunneling
7 simultaneous connections
Servers for streaming and torrenting
# 5 . Mullvad
Mullvad is distinguished by its unsurpassed anonymity during the sign - up process .
Besides , it supports WireGuard – arguably , the most advanced tunneling protocol , as well as the Shadowsocks proxy together with VPN technology .
However , Mullvad ca n’t unblock famous streaming services .
Try MULLVAD VPN
Read our full review Main advantages :
High speeds
WireGuard support
Ease of use
No email required to register High speedsWireGuard supportEase of useNo email required to register Main characteristics of the provider : Support of all OSs
Has passed all our security tests
WireGuard protocol
30 - day money - back guarantee
# 6 . Private Internet Access
Private Internet Access or PIA has had a deserved flawless reputation for the last 10 years .
Lately , the service markets itself not only to customers with basic needs but also to professionals who have experience with setting up rarely used parameters of the VPN connection .
Despite its numerous pros , PIA does n’t support US Netflix .
Try PIA
Read our full review Main advantages :
Good reputation
Rare options
Shadowsocks support
High speed Good reputationRare optionsShadowsocks supportHigh speed Main characteristics of the provider : Support of all OSs
Has passed all our security tests
Shadowsocks
DHCP , encryption and authentication standard , DNS , etc. settings
30 - day money - back guarantee
# 7 . IPVanish
IPVanish is a slightly controversial service .
On the one hand , it has a large following but on the other , somewhat lags behind the customers ’ needs in terms of functionality .
Nevertheless , IPVanish is a good choice for those who need access to many countries .
Try IP VANISH
Read our full review Main advantages :
Convenient choice of servers
Frequent sales
1300 + servers in 75 countries
Obfuscation Convenient choice of servers Frequent sales1300 + servers in 75 countriesObfuscation Main characteristics of the provider : Support of all OSs
Attractive app interface
Does n’t keep logs
10 simultaneous device connections
7 - day money - back guarantee
# 8 . ZenMate
ZenMate is a cheap and simple VPN that supports a lot of devices .
It “ inherits ” parts of its infrastructure from CyberGhost VPN .
In fact , one can look at it as a simplified version of its powerful older brother ( both providers are owned by the same company ) .
While not guaranteed , it supports Netflix of certain regions most of the time .
Try Zen Mate
Read our full review Main advantages :
CyberGhost VPN ’s infrastructure
Netflix support
Low price
Good for torrenting CyberGhost VPN ’s infrastructureNetflix supportLow priceGood for torrenting Main characteristics of the provider : Support of all OSs and some TV platforms
Has passed all security tests apart from the DNS one
Good selection of countries
Claimed 30 - day money - back guarantee ( can be only 14 in reality )
# 9 . ProtonVPN
ProtonVPN is a relatively new service .
It was founded in 2017 by the developer team of a popular email service ProtonMail .
The provider ’s aim is to ensure security .
It even offers a subscription that gives access to the extra protected servers in a data center located 1000 meters deep inside a Swiss rock .
Try ProtonVPN
Read our full review Main advantages :
Has trial and free versions
Ease of use
Extra protected servers
No email required to register Has trial and free versionsEase of useExtra protected serversNo email required to register Main characteristics of the provider : Support of all OSs
Has passed all our security tests
Has a free plan
Safe VPN + safe email
30 - day money - back guarantee
# 10 . Perfect Privacy
Perfect Privacy does n’t support every platform but has three useful features : the “ invisible ” tunneling protocol , multi-hop ( double ) VPN , and automatic selection of multi- hop chains to maximize security without the user ’s direct involvement .
The provider has high speeds but no Netflix support .
Try Perfect Privacy Main advantages :
High speed
NeuroRouting
Stealth VPN support
IPv6 High speedNeuroRoutingStealth VPN supportIPv6
Main characteristics of the provider : High speed
Has passed all our security tests
Stealth VPN protocol
Multi-hop
7 - day money - back guarantee
Pros Cons
Very high speed
No specific server choice within a location 100 % privacy Confirmed No-Logs policy
Overview ExpressVPN is the best VPN to be used on a device of any type .
We gave it the highest mark based on the results of 6 - month multilayered research .
Besides , we conducted a large - scale study of real customer reviews ( most of all , from Reddit ) that confirmed the supremacy of ExpressVPN in many areas where VPN can be implemented .
ExpressVPN has such important features as a kill switch and split tunneling , allows choosing a tunneling protocol , supports both UDP and TCP connections .
Features 3000 + servers in 94 countries .
servers in countries .
Hides the IP address .
Only the IP address of the VPN service will be visible to any visited resource .
It allows “ changing ” one ’s country to any of the 94 supported ones and protecting the real location data .
Traffic encryption and disguising the visited sites ’ addresses .
The entirety of your traffic including DNS queries that contain the names of visited websites is protected reliably by the unbreakable AES - 256 encryption .
Protection in public network and while torrenting .
Thanks to encryption , hiding the IP address , and the kill switch function , it is safe to use torrents and access the internet in public places .
Kill Switch Streaming .
ExpressVPN can bypass geo-restrictions of Netflix , Hulu , Amazon Prime , HBO , and TV channels .
This ability is not a short - term one like with many other VPNs but is supported consistently .
We ’ve been testing streaming support for more than two years now and ExpressVPN has always coped with this task .
The best Chrome and Firefox extensions .
VPN for routers , TV , and other devices .
ExpressVPN offers apps and manual settings for any device with virtual private network support .
Moreover , there are detailed manuals on how to set them up and use them for almost all of them .
Opportunity to try the service out for free .
I ca n’t help mentioning the wonderful opportunity to test the performance of ExpressVPN .
It is present in the Android app .
Learn more about 10 best VPNs for Mac
Prices and plans
ExpressVPN serves to unblock Netflix notwithstanding your location .
Visit site
What are the main characteristics of ExpressVPN ?
Our research of the provider ’s features confirmed many positive customer reviews that mentioned high speeds .
Our results showed not only that it exceeds the speed of most competitors in the 50 - 100 Mbps range , but also that a few servers have a speed of more than 130 - 150 Mbps .
The combination of the high speed with the support of American Netflix is extremely rare .
Generally , with other providers , the US locations capable of streaming are noticeably slower than the rest .
ExpressVPN is not like that .
Good news for those who strive to achieve maximum anonymity and privacy .
ExpressVPN has replaced its regular services with diskless ones .
Now the already good reputation of the service in terms of keeping no logs became unquestionable .
Besides , legally this service is based in the BVI offshore zone .
It makes it invulnerable to political or economic pressure .
Pros Cons 5600 + servers in 58 countries
Slow speed on some US servers 100 % security No-Logs policy
Overview NordVPN is n’t only the most popular VPN service in the world but also the largest one among those that have ways of extra protection of the connection .
But should you prefer it to ExpressVPN ?
You should if you live in China or need double protection ( double VPN ) .
The provider has powerful modern functionality which includes a kill switch ( traffic blocking during an unexpected disconnection of the virtual network ) , support of all the Netflix regions , torrenting , etc .
Features 5600 + servers in 58 countries .
servers in countries .
IP address hiding .
Traffic encryption and hiding the addresses of visited websites .
The most effective encryption standard AES - 256 is used .
Protection in public networks and while torrenting .
I made sure that all the addresses of visited websites as well as transmitted and received data are reliably packed into a secure VPN channel .
Streaming .
The provider bypasses geo-restrictions of popular video streaming services for all the regions we ’ve tested including the US and the UK .
Use of the VPN on routers , TV , and other devices .
You can install apps on TV platforms and set up routers and gaming consoles .
Chrome and Firefox extensions .
Free trial .
There ’s a 7 - day trial version for mobile platforms .
It is available with the 1 - year subscription .
Prices and plans
So , IPython rocks .
But what if you want to use it deep inside a program to do a bit of exploratory programming with access to the full program state etc .?
Just stick these two lines of code into the place you want to start off from :
from IPython .
Shell import IPShellEmbed IPShellEmbed ( [ ] ) ( )
More info on IPShellEmbed here .
I just discovered this , and it is unbelievably useful in some situations !
John Caruso thought his trauma within the Roman Catholic Church began and ended with Rev. James Kneale .
The St. Catharines - area priest was convicted of sexually abusing the former altar boy 11 years ago .
Caruso and his Fort Erie family sued Kneale , the Diocese of St. Catharines and former bishops for $ 8.6 million , claiming , among other things , that church officials knew or should have known the priest was a sexual predator .
The response was an unexpected legal thunderbolt : Kneale and the diocese countersued Caruso ’s mother and father .
They claimed the parents were negligent in failing to get counselling and medical help for their teenaged son and that Caruso ’s father regularly beat him , compounding his psychological troubles .
The legal hardball shattered the once - devout family .
Caruso ’s parents had to hire their own lawyers .
Family relationships were strained .
Caruso attempted suicide several times .
And it got worse :
His mother Claire died March 22 , 2009 , while the legal war still raged — a full decade after Kneale ’s conviction , and 25 years after the priest performed a sex act on him during a rectory sleepover .
“ She took it to her grave thinking she was part of the problem , ’’ said a sobbing 40 - year - old Caruso , the only time he broke down and cried during a phone interview from his Chatham home .
“ She kept saying , ‘ I feel like it ’s my fault John . ’
I kept telling her ‘ No , it ’s not your fault . ’ ”
St. Catharines lawyer Peter A. Mahoney , who represented the diocese , declined to comment on the legal tactics behind the counter - claim because “ my sense is that the ( news ) papers do n’t want to be accurate ( and ) they misquote ( people ) . ”
Phone and email messages left with Wayne Kirkpatrick , the monsignor currently running the diocese , were not returned .
Four months after burying his mother , Caruso accepted the diocese ’s undisclosed financial offer .
“ Why do you think I took the settlement ? ’’ he asked , angrily .
“ I could n’t take it anymore .
I was going to kill myself . ”
“ They do n’t want to pay out the money , ’’ said Jack Lavers , a Newfoundland lawyer who has worked both sides of the liturgical legal landscape .
“ There are ( cases ) that do start and never seem to finish . ”
Seemingly relentless legal campaigns — especially against victims like Caruso , whose abuser had been convicted — appear to clash with church reforms adopted two decades ago after the Mount Cashel orphanage sex scandal .
Pastoral outreach for victims of clergy abuse was among the recommendations in the 1992 “ From Pain to Hope ” report commissioned by the Canadian Council of Catholic Bishops .
Counselling and empathy for the abused were again recommended in a 2007 CCCB task force .
The CCCB declined to provide a spokesperson to address allegations of legal bullying and stalling , and instead suggested contacting church representatives from Cornwall or London .
London ’s vicar general , Rev. John Sharp , has worked on nearly 60 lawsuits involving victims of the late Charles Sylvestre , convicted of abusing 47 women as minors .
Nearly 40 more women came forward after the priest was jailed in 2006 .
Sharp said each victim ’s circumstances are unique and claims of harsh treatment “ may very well be ” in some cases .
But London - area victims are “ immediately ” offered counselling with a professional of their choice as soon as they report abuse .
“ In our diocese we are committed to keep these things moving as quickly and fully as we possibly can , ” said Sharp , who estimates he still has 20 active Sylvestre cases .
“ I would do it every day to keep at it but there ’s a whole process that ’s involved in ( litigation ) : lawyers ’ schedules , availability , all that stuff .
I can appreciate ( cases ) taking so long ; I wish this had been over a long time ago . ”
Lavers said courtroom reality is that plaintiffs often get worn down and agree to accept smaller sums or drop their cases completely .
The St. John ’s lawyer , who defended the Mount Cashel superintendent in criminal and civil court , now represents victims .
He ’s settled about 30 cases against the Catholic Church , taking “ 10 and 12 years to bring some of them to closure . ”
Cases drag on while medical , education and work history information is gathered and studied for discovery and mediation sessions .
Insurance company lawyers — insurers pay plaintiffs if the church has coverage — add another layer of scrutiny .
One London - area woman , who asked not to be named , said the defence cancelled its own psychological exam of her in Toronto 36 hours before it was scheduled — and after she ’d booked that day off work and hired babysitters for her children .
The new date was several months later .
Soontiens was a Sylvestre victim .
She ’d been assaulted for years and had an abortion arranged by him — a procedure that was botched — after the priest raped her as a teenager .
Soontiens sued the London archdiocese and settled for a reported $ 1.75 million , the largest known church award for a sexual assault victim in Canadian history .
“ I had other girls tell me they went through hell but I ca n’t say that , ” said the 54 - year - old , who wrote about her abuse in Breach of Faith , Breach of Trust which was launched earlier this month in Chatham .
She also had kind words for “ compassionate ” Bishop Ronald Fabbro , who was supportive throughout the three - year litigation .
Similar support was not there for Judi Evans .
The 65 - year - old native of St. John ’s , Nfld. , is among a group claiming physical and emotional abuse at the Belvedere Orphanage — a female counterpart of Mount Cashel .
More than 30 women are suing the Congregation of the Sisters of Mercy and the province of Newfoundland .
Her case is now 13 years old and has only a faint pulse .
Evans , a singer who entertained Toronto crowds for three decades at nightspots like the El Mocambo , the Silver Dollar and the Royal York , said the legal limbo frustrates her and her five sisters who were all “ tortured ” by the nuns in the 1940s and ’50s .
Evans said she was beaten with belts and fists , locked in a dark tower without food for hours and , as a kindergarten student , was placed in a bathtub of scalding water and scrubbed with a hard brush between her legs when she peed her pants .
One of Evans ’ sisters had two fingers sliced off while operating a bread machine in an unsupervised kitchen while another sister needed stitches after a nun hit her in the head with the schoolyard bell .
“ I had a business , I had a successful career , ” said Evans , whose singing days ended when she began addressing childhood memories in the mid-1990s and had a breakdown .
She ’s also battled alcoholism ( she ’s sober now ) , depression and now requires regular psychotherapy .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
“ ( Other orphans ) ended up drug addicts , prostitutes , suicides or emotionally abused . . . or drunks , because I was there too , ” said Evans , who lives in Toronto with her husband of 34 years , Joe .
She asked that her married surname not be used .
“ I would give the world to see this come to closure of some sort . ”
But the Belvedere case has little traction .
Nuns have died , memories are fading , time limits on physical assault allegations ran out decades ago , no criminal charges were laid and the potential financial compensation may not , ultimately , be worth the trauma of putting the women on the stand , says Evans ’ lawyer , Richard Rogers .
That ’s one of the reasons he has not formally filed a statement of claim .
Rogers , who represented Mount Cashel and residential school victims , hopes to negotiate a group settlement for clients , most of whom needed extensive therapy as adults .
Some women claimed they were also sexually assaulted by nuns .
Thomas O’Reilly represents the Sisters of Mercy and described Evans ’ case as being in a state of “ inertia , ” citing the lack of a statement of claim .
The province responded to the Star in an email , stating “ liability is being contested and the claims are being actively defended . ”
Lavers understands why Rogers wants to avoid a trial .
He witnessed two Belvedere women crack during discovery sessions a decade ago .
“ The ladies would have breakdowns ( and ) and would end up in the ( psychiatric ) hospital , ” said Lavers , who then represented two Sisters of Mercy nuns who were being sued as individuals .
“ My heart went out to a couple of them because it appeared to be a re-victimization of the whole thing .
I think it became so difficult for them to face it , they just walked away .
It just was n’t worth it to them . ”
The 32 - year - old settled with the church last September — five days before her trial was to start .
Prior to that , she had a 9 - hour psychological assessment in Toronto for the defence that she said “ haunted ” her and caused regression in her therapy .
The defence is entitled to conduct independent medical assessments .
McLauchlin was alone with a male doctor who asked graphic , explicit questions about her abuse and her adult sex life .
She was also asked to describe the priest ’s penis — even though Sylvestre was dead .
McLauchlin said she was given a written assignment with hundreds of questions , such as : Do you ever feel like jumping off a bridge ?
Another Sylvestre victim — the woman who ’d had her psychiatric exam in Toronto cancelled — is in her fifth year of litigation .
The woman said she ’s seen the priest ’s victims crumble after years on “ an emotional roller coaster . ”
“ They could n’t eat , sleep , work , they could n’t carry on in their personal relationships , ” said the woman , whose trial date is in 2011 .
“ There was so much anger in their lives and frustration .
They just said ‘ I want this done .
I do n’t care if I get $ 10 , I just want this done . ’ ”
Swifter resolutions would be more humane for victims , said Connie Coatsworth , a counsellor who has treated between 15 and 20 adults sexually assaulted as children by Catholic clergy .
“ The longer ( litigation ) goes on , the harder it is for ( patients ) to heal , ’’ said the Chatham therapist , who sees clients suffer under stresses related to lawsuits .
“ If ( the church ) truly wants healing for them , they need to expedite this process . ”
Caruso called the church ’s conduct hypocritical because it boasts of pastoral outreach to victims yet treated him “ like sh-- . ”
“ Their only concern is to piss you off and get you going and do everything they possibly can to deter you from suing them . ”
Caruso said it would be more helpful to victims — and probably cheaper — for the church to provide counselling to ease their pain instead angering them into court action .
“ I did not want to sue , ” he said .
“ I did n’t want to be the poster child for this kind of bull . ”
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2010 May 31
Explanation :
While cruising around Saturn , be on the lookout for picturesque juxtapositions of moons and rings .
Another striking alignment occurred last March in the view of humanity 's Saturn - orbiting Cassini spacecraft .
Rhea , one of Saturn 's larger moons , was caught passing Epimetheus , one of Saturn 's smaller moons .
Epimetheus , as pictured above , is actually well behind the heavily cratered Rhea .
Further back , several of the complex rings of Saturn can be seen crossing the image horizontally .
Behind both the moons and rings is giant Saturn itself , showing expansive but featureless clouds in the green light where the above image was taken .
The Cassini mission around Saturn has now been extended to 2017 to better study the complex planetary system as its season changes from equinox to solstice .
Mark Millar still has the air of a man who needs to pinch himself to appreciate his good fortune .
After 20 years of rupturing the boundaries of taste and decency , the enfant terrible of the comic world has finally hit paydirt .
Millar 's stellar levels of bad language and violence may not raise eyebrows in the geeky world of comic novels , but when transferred to the big screen in Kick - Ass , they have generated the sort of publicity certain to ensure the film 's success .
" Anything goes in the comic world , so sometimes you forget the sensibilities of the mainstream , " says Millar .
" But even I chuckled to myself at that line , because I knew it would cause a huge amount of fuss if it ever hit the big wide world .
Sure enough . . . "
He is referring to the line delivered by Chloë Grace Moretz , aged 13 , who plays 11 - year - old child vigilante Hit - Girl in the Glaswegian 's latest superhero offering .
" OK , you cunts , let 's see what you can do now ! "
The fact that the c-word was suggested by Moretz 's mother , on set to help her daughter through filming , has done little to mitigate the moral outrage – which was further stoked by the presence of Jonathan Ross 's wife , Jane Goldman , on the screenwriting credits .
" Look , " says Millar , " we tried everything – we even came over all British and tried , ' OK , you wanker . '
Nothing had the force of the line that we used ; it was just right , it worked . "
Millar , himself a father of young girls , is as amused as he is unrepentant .
The film , he says , would be a roaring success even without the line .
" After the post - premiere party , [ director ] Matthew Vaughn and I were congratulating ourselves , and then I stopped and said , ' We have n't sold a single ticket yet . '
But in a funny way that does n't matter – I always knew Kick - Ass would be a successful film , even when it was being turned down by studio after studio and we were being told it was rubbish . "
On the page , Millar 's outlandish plotlines have made him the art form 's most powerful influence since Spider - Man 's legendary co-creator Stan Lee .
In the flesh , this garrulous lay preacher is explaining how he squares his devout Catholic faith with his fascination for gory violence one minute , and the next musing on working - class Glasgow 's love affair with Americana , or his reaction when a recent bout of flu was misdiagnosed as cancer .
But mostly , Marvel Comics 's chief writer talks with wide - eyed wonderment about celebrity .
Hollywood 's rediscovery of the power of comic books has propelled him to the apex of popular culture – beginning in 2008 with Wanted , a larcenously amoral tale starring Angelina Jolie , Morgan Freeman and James McAvoy , which took $ 350 m ( £ 235 m ) at the box office .
Millar 's steep upward trajectory has continued this year with Kick - Ass , which he describes as " a hymn to neo - conservatism " , and he says there 's plenty more to come .
He is , though , determined to get out before he is 45 , the point at which he believes the creative juices dry up .
" I had no misgivings about making the jump from comics to the mainstream , " he says .
" Lots of people in comics want it to be their little world , where only people who are genuinely into it are allowed .
But I 've never got what 's cool about nobody looking at your stuff .
The only people with an interest in being snooty about the mainstream are those people who can't reach it . "
Hailing from Coatbridge , one of Scotland 's most deprived communities , the fact that Millar gets to accompany unlikely architecture nerd Brad Pitt on his annual tour of Glasgow in homage to Charles Rennie Mackintosh is a source of wonder to the writer .
So too was his recent appearance at the Oscars , where he found himself courted by A - list stars keen to take parts in his future films .
" One of my pals is absolutely average - looking but he always seemed to have absolutely beautiful girlfriends , " Millar says .
" He said that if it becomes known that you have really good - looking girlfriends , then you attract good - looking girls .
It 's like a club , and it's the same with the movies : Angelina really liked Wanted , so Brad wanted to come on board to produce Kick - Ass . "
Not that the process of transforming Millar 's graphic novels into celluloid creations has been easy .
Initially , he was just happy to be involved , but then he looked at the cast for Wanted .
He had never heard of McAvoy or Kazakh director Timur Bekmambetov , and " had just seen Borat , so presumed Bekmambetov must be cheap Russian labour " .
He looked at the credits of the producers and screenwriters – " not just The Fast And The Furious but the crap sequel 2 Fast 2 Furious , plus Legally Blonde " – and freaked out .
" I thought it was going to be totally , embarrassingly rubbish , " he laughs .
" Fortunately , they conspired to make it brilliant . "
Intoxicated , Millar thought he'd take a lead role in Kick - Ass .
" I was executive producer of Wanted , which meant being involved in a couple of phone calls – ' Q : Do you want Angelina Jolie involved ?
A : Yes ' – and I got paid a big chunk of cash for that .
But with Kick - Ass , I 've been shocked at how much work is involved .
I was in on all of the casting : we looked at hundreds of people .
Then there was drafting the script , the costumes , the sets and the filming – 14 weeks , doing 14 - hour days . "
The script was a particular problem .
Millar , used to autonomy , was shocked at the accommodations he had to make .
" I do n't really do happy endings , so there 's a huge difference between Kick - Ass the movie and Kick - Ass the comic , " he says .
" In the movie Matthew [ Vaughn ] really wanted the lead to get the girl , whereas in the comic , this guy is a loser and pretends to be gay because the girl works in a shelter and is really right - on .
She just wants to be best friends , he wants to have sex with her , and in the comic when he confesses she tells him to fuck off .
In the movie , Matthew has them having sex . "
Like virtually every storyline in Millar 's career , the baseline for Kick - Ass comes from his own experience .
He 's never pretended to be gay , but as a teenager he did convince a girl he fancied that he was as obsessed with Dynasty as she was , studying videos of the Colbys to complete the facade .
Millar is convinced his success is down to his upbringing : his mother died when he was 14 and his father four years later , so he had to drop out of university to bring up his brother .
Money was so tight that " the cat ate one day and we ate the next " .
Writing was an economic imperative .
Glasgow also gave him the cultural antennae to be successful .
The city is built on the same grid system as New York ( " there 's more than an element of Gotham to Glasgow ; it feels like a more modestly budgeted version of New York , only far more violent " ) , and west coast Scots have a fascination with the US that provokes a special bond : " I feel a kinship with American kids – I like what they like because it's what I like too .
The collapse of the US economy is a godsend : what 's terrible for the world is great for writing .
The last eight years in particular have been good to me , " he says , in a reference to George Bush .
There is a moral core to Millar 's populism , as you 'd expect from someone who cites Jesus and Tony Benn as heroes .
The battle between good and evil are constant themes , as is redemption .
But so too is an eye - watering level of violence .
" It 's cathartic , " he says .
" Besides , you need movement in a film , and to see superheroes pounding each other or picking up a car and whacking someone with it is visually exciting . "
Although he has thought about moving to the US , Millar remains rooted in Coatbridge , the " Little Vatican " that has shaped him .
Now in his last year as Marvel 's chief writer , he has commissioned a largely Scottish group of friends and comic aficionados – Frankie Boyle , Muriel Gray , Ian Rankin , Armando Iannucci , Jonathan Ross and Russell Davies – to pen graphic novels for him .
" Glasgow 's the perfect education – it's given me a unique life experience compared to everyone in the New York publishing industry and Hollywood .
Every single person in Hollywood looks the same : the writers are all skinny , bald guys with glasses , who hang out in coffee shops all day . "
• Kick - Ass is out on general release on Wednesday 31 March .
Find people
By profession Account manager Accountant Acrobat Actor Actress Agronomist Ambassador Analyst Animal tamer Architect Art manager Artist Assistant Assistant Assistant Director Astronaut Astronomer Auditor Auto Mechanic Babysitter Band Manager Bank clerk Banker Barber Barista Bartender Bibliology Biologist blogger Bookseller Brewmaster Bricklayer Broker Builder Businessperson Butcher Cabinet maker Cameraman Caretaker Carpenter Circus director Civil engineer Civil Servant Cleaner Clergyman Clinical research associate CNC operator Coach Comedian Communication specialist Computer programmer Confectioner Construction architect Construction engineer Construction Superintendent Consultant Consultant Cook Copywriter Copywriter Cosmetician Cost accountant Craftsman Creative Director Croupier Curator Cyclist Dancer Database specialist Debt enforcer Dental assistant Dentist Design engineer Designer Detective Digital Artist Director Disability Pensioners Diver Driver DTP operator Economist Editor - in-chief Electrician Engineer Enterpreneur Extrusion operator Facility Manager Farmer Film director Film producer Financial advisor Financial Controller Fireman Florist Foreign Languages Instructor Forester Foundation director Freelance artist Freelancer Frequency Manager Garden Architekt Gardener Geologist Glasscutter Graphic designer Grave digger Guide Hairdresser Head of Administration Head of Production Head of school canteen Health professional High Altitude Worker Historian Housewife HR Manager Chemist child child child child Illustrator Image Consultant
In household Insurance agent Interior designer Interpreter IT IT expert IT Technician ITSM consultant Journalist Judo athlete Juggler Lab technician Landlord of the pub Lathe operator Lawyer Lexicographer Librarian Listener Locksmith Logistician Manager Marketing Communications Coordinator Marketing director Marketing Manager Masseur / Masseuse Mayor Mechanic Miner Miner Model Musician Network Marketer None Nurse Nutritionist Office worker Oilman Operations Manager Operator Optician Owner of production company Painter Paramedic Parental leave Personal Assistant Personnel officer Pharmacist Photographer Photographer 's Assistant Physician Physiotherapist Piano manufacturer Pilot Plumber Poker player Policeman Policeperson Power engineer PR President Pressman Priest Printworker Producer Product specialist Production manager Professor Profi rider Project co-ordinator Project manager Property Manager Psychologist Purchaser Quality controller Race Car Driver Receptionist Recruitment specialist Repairman Retired Roaster Rugby player Sailor Sales representative Sales representative Salesperson Scientist Screenwriter Sculptor Seamstress Secretary Self - employed Shift Foreman Shoemaker Singer Site engineer Skateboarder Social worker Software developer Soldier Sparring Partner Special education needs teacher Sportsman Steward / Stewardess Striptease artiste Student Surgeon Surveyor Swimmer Swimming Instructor Tailor Tax consultant Taxi driver Teacher Teacher Assistant Team leader Technical Manager Technical surveillance Technician Technologist Textile Designer Therapist Toolmaker Tourism Manager Traffic manager Train dispatcher Train operator Tram driver Translator Transport supervisor Travel agent Trolleybus Driver Tutor Unemployed Veterinary surgeon Waiter Warden Warehouser Waste collector Web designer Webmaster Welder Woodworker Worker Writer Zoo technician
By location Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa ( USA ) Andorra Angola Anguilla ( U.K. ) Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba ( Neth . ) Australia Austria Bahrain Bangladesh Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Virgin Islands ( U.K. ) Bulgaria Burma Cambodia Cameroon Canada Central African Republic Colombia Cook Islands ( NZ ) Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Dominica Ecuador Egypt Estonia Finland France Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Greece Guatemala Hawaii ( USA ) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Chad Chile Christmas Island ( Australia ) Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Japan Kenya Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Macau ( PRC ) Macedonia Maldives Malta Mexico Montenegro Morocco Nepal Netherlands New Zealand North Korea Norway Oman People 's Republic of China Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico ( U.S. ) Republic of China ( Taiwan ) Romania Russia Rwanda Samoa Saudi Arabia Serbia Seychelles Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa South Korea Spain Sweden Switzerland Syria Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand The Bahamas Tonga Turkey Tuvalu Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Outlying Islands Uruguay USA Uzbekistan Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands ( U.S. )
West Bank Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe
LANSING -- The U.S. Supreme Court decided Monday not to get involved in a dispute over how to prevent invasive Asian carp from making their way into the Great Lakes .
The justices turned down a new request from Michigan to consider ordering closure of Chicago - area shipping locks to prevent the fish from threatening the Great Lakes .
The locks could provide a pathway to Lake Michigan for the unwanted carp .
The court had previously declined twice to order the locks closed on an emergency basis while it considered whether to hear the case .
This time , the court rejected a proposal by Michigan and six other states to use a long - standing case involving water diversion from Lake Michigan as a vehicle for seeking to permanently sever a man-made linkage between the Great Lakes and the Mississippi River basin .
Michigan has led the legal fight to close the locks , arguing that the ravenous carp , weighing up to 100 pounds , could decimate the lakes ' $ 7 billion fishing industry by starving out competitors such as salmon and walleye .
Mike Cox , the state 's attorney general and a Republican candidate for governor , said responsibility for blocking the carp 's advance now lies with President Barack Obama and Democratic congressional leaders .
The Obama administration sided with Illinois in opposing closure of the locks .
" While President Obama has turned a blind eye to the millions of Great Lakes residents who do not happen to live in his home state of Illinois , it is now up to him to save thousands of Michigan jobs and our environment , " Cox said .
The justices gave no explanation for their decision .
The two - sentence order denied both Michigan 's request to reopen the diversion case or , as a fallback , let the state file a lawsuit raising the same issues .
Although the high court refused to accept a new lawsuit , Michigan could file one in federal district court , said Nick Schroeck , executive director of the Great Lakes Environmental Law Center in Detroit .
But doing so would take months , and " meanwhile , the carp are knocking at the door , " he said .
Bighead and silver carp were among Asian varieties brought to the southern United States in the early 1970s .
Government officials and private aquaculturists thought the newcomers could gobble up unwanted algae at sewage treatment plants and fish farms .
But the carp escaped into the Mississippi and have been migrating northward ever since .
They have infested sections of the Illinois River and have reached an electronic barrier in the Chicago Sanitary and Ship Canal , about 25 miles from Lake Michigan .
A team of biologists says it has detected DNA from the carp past the barrier — and even within Lake Michigan itself .
But no actual carp have been found between the barrier and the lake , despite an intensive search .
The sanitary and ship canal was built a century ago as engineers reversed the flow of the Chicago River to send water from Lake Michigan southward toward the Mississippi .
It created an artificial linkup between the Great Lakes and Mississippi watersheds that has provided a pathway for invasive species .
Image caption Britons spend the majority of their online time on social networks
British web users are spending 65 % more time online than three years ago , according to research of net habits .
The average surfer spends 22 hours and 15 minutes on the net each month , according to the UK Online Measurement company ( UKOM ) .
The lion 's share of that time is spent on social networks or blogs , which accounts for nearly a quarter of users ' time online .
Instant messaging ( IM ) has been one of the victims of social network growth .
Three years ago 14 % of online time was spent using IM but that has fallen to just 5 % .
But e-mail , also predicted to suffer as more people used Facebook and its rivals , is still healthy and accounts for 7.2 % of time compared to 6.5 % of time three years ago .
Networking , communication and playing games remain the most popular online activities .
" These are the pillars on which the internet are built , " said Alex Burmaster , a spokesman for UKOM .
The use of online classified adverts and auctions is creeping up the usage table , accounting for 4.7 % of time .
Online news has also seen strong growth with 2.8 % of online time spent browsing such sites compared to just 1.5 % three years ago .
TIME SPENT ONLINE Social networks / blogs - 22.7 %
E-mail - 7.2 %
Games - 6.9 %
Instant Messaging - 4.9 %
Classified / Auctions - 4.7 %
Portals - 4 %
Search - 4 %
Software info / products - 3.4 %
News - 2.8 %
Adult - 2.7 % Source : UKOM
People spend more time on news sites than they do on adult content , the survey shows .
" It is a bit of a digital myth that everyone online visits adult sites , " said Mr Burmaster .
" We divide the internet into 85 different sections so the fact that adult content is in the top 10 shows it is still one of the most heavily used sectors , " he added .
He puts the rise of social networking down to its organic nature .
" It is like an organism , feeding off itself and getting bigger .
People are plugging more and more of their lives into it , " he said .
COE TWP . — A Shepherd woman is being treated for head trauma at Blodgett Hospital in Grand Rapids after leaping from a pickup because her husband refused to stop for her to purchase cigarettes about 7:30 p.m.
Sunday , Isabella County sheriff ’s officials said .
Jacklin L. Faber , 51 , was the passenger in a GMC Sierra pickup driven by Michael E. Faber , 54 , of Shepherd , and according to sheriff ’s officials , when Michael Faber refused to stop for his wife to purchase cigarettes , Jacklin Faber “ decided to jump out of the pickup while it was traveling down the road " on South Shepherd Road , south of Federal in Coe Township .
Sheriff ’s officials said Michael Faber realized his wife ’s intentions just before she jumped and was able to slow the vehicle to between 10 mph and 15 mph before she leapt .
Jacklin Faber suffered head injuries and was transported to Central Michigan Community Hospital and later airlifted by helicopter to Blodgett Hospital in Grand Rapids for treatment .
Mr Chavez has to limit himself to 140 characters on Twitter
The Twitter account of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has become the most popular in Venezuela , with more than a quarter of a million followers .
Mr Chavez says he has hired 200 people to read through the many messages he receives on the social networking site .
He says more than 18 % of the messages he receives are hostile .
He deals with the negative messages by laughing them off or sending back jokes .
" I do n't care , " he said , " It 's a form of contact with the world . "
Flood of tweets
Mr Chavez 's account beat that of opposition TV channel Globovision into second place only 10 days after he first set it up .
But opposition politicians have been critical of the time the president spends on the site .
Opposition politician Juan Jose Molina said that instead of tweeting , the president should be " more dedicated to solving the country 's problems " .
Mr Chavez admitted that the flood of messages was such that he could no longer cope with it on his own .
He said he had created a team of 200 people to help him answer the more than 50,000 messages he has received since opening the account .
The BBC's Will Grant in Caracas says many poor Venezuelans are finding the idea that they can petition the president directly through the social networking account very attractive .
The president 's communications team predicts the number of followers will rise to one million by the end of the month .
Nmap Security Scanner and SecTools .
Org 2010 User Survey
Thanks to the 3,062 of you who took the 2010 Nmap Security Scanner and SecTools .
Org user survey !
We beat our goal of 3,000 responses , closed the survey on May 14 , and are now busy tabulating results and reading your suggestions !
You can hear more about the results by joining the Nmap - hackers announcement list .
The survey is now closed — thanks for participating !
Gay Porn Videos with twink guys .
Today the most extreme gay porn videos :
Watch premium bukkake gay porn videos , here on bukkakeboys.com .
More than 60 high quality gay XXX movies & free 1200 + bonus videos .
Browse through our impressive selection of porn videos in HD quality on any device you own .
Watch today the most famous gay star performing gay porn sex .
famous gay porn stars like Keith Hunter , Jesse Bryce , Chase Lions .
These gay porn stars are performing among Cameron Davis Casey James , Kent Riley .
Also some amateur gay guy are performing with famous gay actor Jake Green , Drew Dimaggio , Alex Grey .
“ While parents were certainly concerned about what their children might be exposed to on the internet , when details of the proposed mandatory filter were explained and they became aware that other filtering options were available , their enthusiasm for the government 's approach dropped , ” said the report conducted by GA Research .
Christian groups have been vociferous supporters of the filter because they believe it will protect children from illegal content , such as child pornography , on the internet .
However , others argue that the measure could prove ineffective and open the door to censorship of other important non-illegal material .
The Safer Internet Group , which is made up of companies and organisations that include Google , Internet Industry Association , iiNet , Australian Council of State School Organisations and the Australian Library and Information Association , said it commissioned the research to better understand the awareness , knowledge and perceptions of Australian parents in marginal seats on the proposed filtering legislation .
Sue Vercoe , chief executive of GA Research said that , although the scope of the research was limited ( with a total of 39 people taking part in four focus group interviews ) , the findings helped to explain the results of the McNair Ingenuity Research , which indicated 80 per cent of people supported a mandatory internet filter on Refused Classification content .
She said the GA study revealed that , while there were fairly high levels of awareness of the internet filtering legislation , most of those interviewed had only a low level of knowledge about it .
“ It was clear that those supporting it were taking a relatively simplistic view that it would help children stay safe online and deter paedophiles , while those opposed it asked a lot more questions , ” Vercoe said .
“ More research needs to be done , ” she added .
In line with the McNair study , the focus groups indicated initial broad support for the government 's proposed legislation , “ however , when details of the proposal were explained in the focus groups and people became aware that other approaches to filtering are available , enthusiasm dropped .
The more information parents received , the less they supported the government 's proposed solution , ” the GA report said .
Researchers said that , when given options on different ways of approaching internet filtering , the overwhelming majority of participants in the focus groups did not choose the government 's proposal .
Instead their preferred option was for more education of parents and children in how to use the internet more safely and access and install free filters , while their second preference was for an optional filtering system with different filter levels for adults and children in one household .
Their third preference was for mandatory filtering of a narrow range of content focused on child pornography .
The government 's proposed mandatory filtering was lowest on the list .
On Monday night 's Four Corners program on ABC TV , Communications Minister Stephen Conroy gave a pre-election undertaking not to broaden the government 's proposed level of internet censorship .
" We 're making it very clear , this is our policy : refused classification only , " Mr Conroy told Four Corners .
" If a majority of the Parliament in the future want to broaden the classification , well then , Australians should stand up and say ' just a minute ' , and I 'll be one of them , " he said .
" Individual pages will be determined by - at arm 's length from government - by the Classification Board , as it should be , " he said .
Loading
Conroy also told Four Corners that he and the US government were " going to agree to disagree " on mandatory filtering .
He was yesterday appointed to a new United Nations commission on broadband .
Families hit by the highest cost of living since 1991 as gap between pay rises and inflation hits record levels
Soaring bills : Families costs are going up on items like petrol , but wages have barely risen
Families are being crippled by the highest cost of living for nearly two decades , disturbing figures showed yesterday .
The retail prices index measure of inflation soared from 4.4 per cent in March to 5.3 per cent in April , the highest level since 1991 , according to the Office for National Statistics .
In a cruel blow , it means that Britain 's workers have been stung by the worst ' pay cut ' since records began .
The gap between the average pay rise - a measly 1.9 per cent - and inflation - a massive 5.3 per cent - has never been bigger , according to the ONS .
For millions of workers in the private sector , the situation is even bleaker because their salaries have been frozen since the recession began .
As a result , the soaring cost of living is a nightmare because their take - home pay has not changed , but their household bills are rising rapidly .
The worst culprit is petrol , with motorists forced to pay a record price at the pumps of £ 1.22 per litre for unleaded .
The inflation blow came as Nouriel Roubini , the economist known as ' Dr Doom ' who predicted the recent crash , said interest rates may have to rise within six months .
He told Channel 4
News that rates , currently at an all - time low of 0.5 per cent , should go up if inflation remains high and the economy is recovering ' more robustly ' .
Many other economists predict that the Bank will keep the base rate on hold at 0.5 per cent for the rest of the year .
Yesterday 's inflation figures also highlighted the troubles facing Britain 's pensioners , the group which finds it most difficult to survive on a fixed income when inflation is rising .
The state pension was increased by 2.5 per cent last month , pushing up the maximum weekly amount by just £ 2.40 to £ 97.65 .
The annual increase in the state pension is either 2.5 per cent or it is linked to the retail prices index in September , whichever is higher .
If it had been linked to April 's RPI figure , rather than last September 's , the increase would have been worth £ 5 a week , or £ 260 a year .
Neil Duncan - Jordan , from the National Pensioners ' Convention , said : ' The problem is that the pension is so low that 2.5 per cent of nothing is still nothing . '
Savers are also feeling the pain of the lowest rates in history .
To beat inflation , a basic rate taxpayer needs to find an account paying 4.63 per cent , and a higher rate taxpayer needs one paying 6.17 per cent , but this is almost impossible .
Darren Cook , from the financial information firm Moneyfacts , said : ' Rises in the rate of inflation continue to antagonise savers who are already struggling to achieve a competitive rate of return on their money .
' Prudent savers are being left out in the cold and are finding it near impossible to combat the effects of tax and inflation . '
The ONS figures also show the Government 's chosen measure of inflation , the consumer prices index , jumped from 3.4 per cent in March to 3.7 per cent in April .
This is more than twice the average in the rest of Europe where the average inflation rate is 1.5 per cent .
The Bank of England governor Mervyn King has written to the new Chancellor , George Osborne , to explain how he plans to tackle the problem .
He said he hopes that inflation will ' fall back to target ' - which is 2 per cent - within a year , but added he is ' very conscious that there are risks to inflation in both directions ' .
The thick globs of oil now coating delicate grasses along Louisiana ’s fragile coast threaten a slow and painful death for countless waterfowl , wildlife and their wetland habitat .
Cleaning up the maze of marshes , where there ’s nothing to stand on and shallow - bottomed boats are needed to navigated the narrow channels , is a logistical nightmare .
Unlike a beach or rocky shore , crews ca n’t just drive up with a backhoe or a mop .
And there are plenty of places for frightened wildlife to hide from rescue workers as the oil slowly smothers them .
ADVERTISEMENT
Experts say the best options may be to simply leave the oil there or , if the clumps are too thick , burn it off .
“ When you start moving all the grasses and marshes around you might actually cause more damage than letting it biodegrade on its own , ” LuAnn White , director of Tulane University ’s Center for Applied Environmental Health , told AFP .
“ Exactly what will be done really depends on how much really gets in there and how much damage is being done and I do n’t think we know that yet . ”
Favorable winds and currents have kept the bulk of a massive oil slick from reaching the coast in the month since the BP - leased Deepwater Horizon sank spectacularly some 50 miles ( 80 kilometers ) offshore and set off one of the worst ecological disasters in US history .
But with some 40 miles of shoreline now affected , Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal said more action must be taken to hold back the black tide .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ This spill fundamentally threatens Louisiana ’s way of life , ” Jindal said after inspecting the thick black oil pushing its way into his state ’s fragile wetlands .
“ The oil is here and the time to act is now . ”
Jindal is seeking permission from the US Coast Guard to build “ sand booms ” to protect barrier islands and has been begging for more boom to be deployed along the coast .
Officials are also diverting fresh water from the Mississippi to help hold back the tide and wash out the marshes and have been dropping sandbags and building temporary dams to protect sensitive areas .
ADVERTISEMENT
The area houses 40 percent of the nation ’s wetlands which are a major stopping point for migratory birds and provides prime breeding grounds for the fish , shrimp , oysters and crabs that support a 2.4 billion dollar commercial and recreational fishing industry .
Coast Guard Captain Edwin Stanton downplayed the current impact as “ little ” and on a “ very small marsh . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It ’s not going to kill the marsh for ever , ” he told AFP .
The coast guard plans to place containment booms in the marsh , use low - pressure water to flush out the oil and capture the mess using a skimmer and other equipment .
As a “ last ditch effort , ” the coast guard was considering burning the affected marshes , Stanton said .
“ We ’ve done that before , that ’s an acceptable tactic to remove oil from the marsh , but you can only do that once , ” he said .
“ So you want to have a lot of oil before you do it .
The marsh grass will regrow . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Greenpeace campaigner Lindsay Allen was not as optimistic as she collected samples from a bayou near Venice , Louisiana where thick brown oil coated the shells of crabs and the stems of grasses .
“ There is no way to cleanup all this mess , ” she told AFP .
“ It ’s too big of a problem . ”
A typical recovery rate for oil spills is about 20 percent .
Given how dispersed the oil is in the Gulf most experts expect the recovery rate on this spill to be far lower .
BP succeeded Thursday in increasing the rate of oil being siphoned from the burst pipe some 5,000 feet below the surface to 5,000 barrels per day , but it could be weeks before the leak is finally capped and the total amount gushing into the sea could be many times that .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ This spill is significant , ” said Rowan Gould , acting director of the US Fish and Wildlife Service .
“ In all likelihood it will affect wildlife in the Gulf and the North American continent for years . ”
Last month Adrian Lamo , a man once hunted by the FBI , did something contrary to his nature .
He says he picked up a payphone outside a Northern California supermarket and called the cops .
Someone , Lamo says , had grabbed his backpack containing the prescription anti-depressants he'd been on since 2004 , the year he pleaded guilty to hacking The New York Times .
He wanted his medication back .
But when the police arrived at the Safeway parking lot it was Lamo , not the missing backpack , that interested them .
Something about his halting , monotone speech , perhaps slowed by his medication , got the officers ' attention .
An ambulance arrived .
" After a few moments of conversation , they just kind of exchanged a look and told me to get on the stretcher , " says Lamo .
[ Update 7/29/11 :
We 've clarified the headline of this story , and modified the text to clearly attribute the above details to Lamo .
Since reporting this story , we 've learned from police that Lamo 's initial hospitalization in April 2010 came after Lamo 's father phoned the Sacramento County Sheriff 's department three times in as many days to report that Lamo was over - medicating with his prescription drugs , which may have had a profound impact on his speech and coordination .
The Sheriff 's office was unable to find a record of Lamo phoning the police himself .
Lamo stands by his original explanation of the incident . ]
Thus began Lamo 's journey through California 's mental health system – and self discovery .
He was transported to a local emergency room and put under guard , and then transferred to the Woodland Memorial Hospital near Sacramento , where he was placed on a 72 - hour involuntary psychiatric hold under a state law allowing the temporary forced hospitalization of those judged dangerous or unable to care for themselves .
As the staff evaluated him and adjusted his medication , a judicial officer extended his stay , and three days became nine .
When Lamo was finally discharged to his parents ' house on May 7 , he left the hospital with a new diagnosis .
At 29 years old Lamo learned he has Asperger 's Disorder .
" It 's kind of a surprise that it took me until almost 30 to find I had a particular disorder and get proper treatment for it , " Lamo says .
Sometimes called the " geek syndrome , " Asperger ’s is a mild form of autism that makes social interactions difficult , and can lead to obsessive , highly focused behavior .
There are no reliable figures on how many people have Asperger 's , but anecdotally a lot of them are drawn into the computer field , particularly the logic - heavy world of coding .
BitTorrent creator Bram Cohen has diagnosed himself with the disorder , and Microsoft founder Bill Gates is frequently speculated to have it .
Also anecdotally , people with Asperger 's are frequently diagnosed in adulthood , even into their 50s , according to the U.S. Autism and Asperger 's Association .
As in Lamo 's case , the diagnosis often follows a run-in with the police , says Dennis Debbaudt , an independent consultant who trains law enforcement agencies on interacting with people on the autistic spectrum .
" They may be living a life where people think they 're odd , they 're unusual , they 're eccentric , whatever you want to call it , " says Debbaudt .
" But nobody 's thinking , ' Oh , by the way , I think they have Asperger 's Syndrome . '
It 's not something that would pop into the mind of the general person or law enforcement .
It 's just , ' There 's something different here .
This person communicates different .
His body language is different . ' "
The Asperger 's diagnosis , though , did n't come as a complete surprise to Lamo or his family – the therapist Lamo had been seeing for depression had already suggested he visit a specialist to be evaluated for Asperger's .
Now , the new medication prescribed in Woodland has made a positive change in his interactions with other people .
" Talking to strangers was really hard for me , " Lamo says .
" I had to script it all in my head and act out normal behaviors in a very conscious way .
Essentially , I had to learn how human beings act . "
" Now I no longer feel there 's a surface tension that I have to break through when I talk to somebody , like I 'm a fish going after a particularly tasty bug and I have to break through the water to get it , " he continues .
" I just talk to somebody , like it's a natural function . "
To a reporter who 's been covering Lamo for a decade , the diagnosis makes a layman 's instant , intuitive sense .
Lamo made his mark in the early 2000s with a string of brazen but mostly harmless hacks against large companies , conducted out in the open and with a striking naiveté as to the inevitable consequences for himself .
In 2001 , when he was 20 , Lamo snuck into an unprotected content - management tool at Yahoo's news site to tinker with a Reuters story , adding a made - up quote by then - Attorney General John Ashcroft .
Lamo's other targets included WorldCom , Excite@Home and Microsoft ; he alerted the press to each intrusion , and sometimes worked with the hacked company to close the security holes he 'd exploited .
Unemployed at the time , and prone to wander the country by Greyhound , he was given the appellation " the Homeless Hacker " by the media .
His hacking career ended around 2002 , after Lamo penetrated the internal network of The New York Times and added himself to the paper 's database of op - ed contributors , putting himself in the virtual company of William F. Buckley Jr. and Jimmy Carter .
The Times did n't think it was funny , and the FBI and federal prosecutors in New York charged Lamo under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act .
He pleaded guilty in 2004 , and was sentenced to six months of house arrest at his parents ' home in Carmichael , California , followed by two years of probation .
It was around that time that Lamo fell into a deep depression that has dogged him until last month .
" I 'd associated his depression with what had happened with the FBI , " says his father , Mario Lamo , who describes his son as having had a normal childhood .
" As a child he would give speeches to people and entertain visitors and talk about a thousand things , and we did n't notice anything irregular , " he says .
But as a teenager , Lamo began struggling in social situations .
Since his discharge from Woodland , " I 've noticed an incredible difference , " says the senior Lamo .
Lamo joins a growing list of computer intruders who 've been diagnosed with Asperger 's , though usually the diagnosis comes when the hacker faces the criminal justice system for the first time , rather than six years later .
In December , a defense psychiatrist concluded that credit card thief Albert Gonzalez exhibited behavior consistent with Asperger's .
A government - appointed psychiatrist rejected the claim , and Gonzalez got 20 years .
Earlier , in August , a Los Angeles computer intruder involved in a lucrative fraud scheme received a slightly reduced sentence because of his Asperger 's , which his lawyer argued made him vulnerable to manipulation by the ringleader in the scheme .
In the most high - profile case , the British hacker Gary McKinnon was diagnosed with Asperger 's at the age of 42 , shortly after losing a legal challenge to an extradition order that would have sent him to America to face charges of sabotaging unclassified Pentagon computers .
The diagnosis opened new legal avenues for McKinnon , who now appears likely to avoid extradition .
For his part , Lamo thinks Asperger 's might explain his knack for slipping into corporate networks – he usually operated with little more than a web browser and a lot of hunch work .
" I have always maintained that what I did is n't necessarily technical , it 's about seeing things differently , " he says .
" So if my brain is wired differently , that makes sense . "
But he scoffs at the notion that Asperger 's should mitigate the consequences of illegal behavior .
Asperger 's might help explain his success in hacking , but not his willingness to do it , he says .
" If , in fact , the diagnosis is accurate , it had zip to do with my actions at that time . "
While Lamo thinks he should n't have been confined against his will , he says most of the hospital staff were well - intentioned and professional , and he 's been happier since the incident .
" Many of them were beautiful people who had a great deal of genuine concern for their patients , and I feel that I benefited from their attention , " he says .
He tried to help them , as well .
After the staff discovered his hacking past , they began seeking him out for computer advice .
" The questions changed from , ' Do you know where you are ?
What 's today 's date ? , ' to , ' Hey , I have a Mac . "
" They also untaped the login and password from the state mental health - database terminal at a nurse 's station , " he adds .
Today , he says , " I feel less sedated , more social , and I feel better able to carry out the day - to - day functions of the average member of society .
" I still ca n't say if the situation were to be repeated back at the Safeway , that they would n't look at me and say , ' Yeah , yeah , better get him in . ' "
( Photos : Ariel Zambelich / Wired.com )
See Also :
Megan
Fox really does n't like cooking .
" I 'll starve to death before I 'll cook for myself .
I think I could survive a week without eating , " she says in the June issue of Allure .
Not only could she survive without food .
But Fox , who is on - again with beau Brian Austin Green , says she could survive without people , too .
" I could go days , weeks , without talking to another human being , " she swears .
" I hate receiving compliments ; I hate being told I 'm talented or people think I 'm going to be a movie star .
I always feel that it 's forced and fake . "
She admits she has obsessive compulsive disorder .
" This is a sickness , I have an illness -- this is not OK anymore , " she says .
She refuses to use public toilets without covers or eat with restaurant silverware .
" Every time someone uses a bathroom and they flush , all the bacteria is shot into the air , " she says .
" Putting my mouth where a million other mouths have been , just knowing all the bacteria that you carry in your mouth ?
Ucch ! "
Updates at the foot of this post ( inlcuding an official response from Virgin Media ) .
When the House of Commons and the House of Lords voted to make the Digital Economy Bill part of UK law , nobody was sure just how it would affect both the legitimate and illegitimate users of file sharing websites .
Yesterday it appeared that Virgin Media , a UK based internet service provider , had taken matters into its own hands and blocked all access to file sharing portals Rapidshare and Megaupload , a move that many thought pre-empted action from the Government and assorted music industry companies .
Naturally , Virgin Media customers flocked to the companies forums to seek clarification on the matter .
Most of the complaints were from premium users who used the file hosting sites to store important data for their businesses and were obviously now unable to grab any of their files .
According to Bitterwallet , Virgin ’s technical support are telling customers that the blocked connections to the sharing sites was an error on its part ( an official response can be found below ) , with a fix due later this morning .
Also , they provided an easy way to circumvent the Rapidshare block , simply replace “ http : / / ” with “ https : // ” in the site address .
As soon as access is restored , we will let you know .
Update – Virgin Media has officially responded to its customers on Twitter , letting them know that it was a mistake and that Virgin did not purposely block access to the Rapidshare and Megaupload .
According to a commenter on Bitterwallet , the unintentional block was the result of the installation of monitoring software onto Virgin Media routers .
Access to the sites should gradually be returning to normal .
Update 2 – We reached out to Virgin Media and have received an official response , clearing up any speculation around the networking issues :
A Virgin Media spokesperson said : “ We are aware of an issue whereby certain file upload sites were unavailable for Virgin Media customers from late evening Thursday 13th May .
Virgin Media did not block these sites and we are investigating the root cause .
In the meantime we have implemented a workaround , and customers should be able to now access these sites again .
We apologise for any inconvenience . ”
Issues may have been caused by an inter - network routing issue not from upgrades to its routers as previously speculated .
Now that a workaround has been implemented , Virgin Media customers should not experience any problems when accessing the above - mentioned sites .
Read next :
Man tweets for toilet paper
Visitation directive
President Obama won plaudits from Human Rights Campaign for attempting to use federal health care funding to reverse one of the most concrete consequences of the absence of same - sex marriage , the lack of visitation rights for gay and lesbian partners .
But the lens of the gay rights movement is , increasingly , full marriage equality , putting a limit on the credit Obama can win for incremental steps .
HRC called the move an " important step , " with this statement from its chief , Joe Solmonese :
Discrimination touches every facet of the lives of lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people , including at times of crisis and illness , when we need our loved ones with us more than ever .
No one should experience what befell the Pond - Langbehn family , and the President ’s action today will help ensure that the indignities Janice and her children faced do not happen to another family .
Freedom to Marry 's Evan Wolfson makes the reservations more explicit :
The President 's directive is a small , but welcome step forward .
It addresses one of the many ways same - sex couples and their loved ones are made vulnerable and harmed by the denial of marriage and the safety - net of protections marriage brings - in this case , the assurance that a spouse can be by a loved one 's hospital bedside and participate in medical decision - making at a time of great need .
The Administration 's step today , though small , will mean a lot to many people in harm 's way .
The President 's memo is particularly noteworthy in its acknowledgment of how same - sex couples are uniquely affected by marriage discrimination and are thus in need of this kind of remedial presidential directive .
Of course , the real cure is to end exclusion from marriage , pass the federal Respective for Marriage Act , and provide all families the full measure of protections .
Piecemeal steps , addressing one protection at a time , will take up a lot more time than either the Administration or American families can afford .
In an ironic twist of fate , a town hall meeting organized by a Memphis public employee union to stir up opposition to the privatization of city waste collection services ended up going in another direction .
As myeyewitnessnews.com reports :
The Bluff City ’s garbage collectors are worried about their jobs getting outsourced to private companies .
And they ’re hoping to get the citizens of Memphis on their side .
But it ’s going to be a tough sell .
Frustrated Memphis taxpayers , fed up with what they describe as lousy service , trash - talked the sanitation crews during Tuesday night ’s meeting on May 25 , 2010 .
Tired of their garbage sitting at the curbs for weeks , sometimes even months , some Memphians say privatization does n’t sound like such a bad idea .
“ I pay your salary , ” Whitehaven resident Samantha Rajapakse told the handfull of sanitation employees in attendance .
“ That ’s the bottom line .
When I tell you there ’s a problem , there ’s a problem ! ”
More from The Commercial Appeal :
Tuesday ’s meeting quickly turned into a chance for the public to complain about garbage pickups in their neighborhoods .
A man who lives on Mosby Road said trash has sat on curbs more than 30 days , killing grass while calls to city supervisors went unheeded .
When [ union vice president Rodriquez ]
Lobbins tried to explain that the city ’s Public Works Division assigns workloads and pickup schedules , the angry man who refused to identify himself stormed out of the meeting shouting , “ Privatize it .
Privatize it . ”
The next speaker , Samantha Rajapakse said , “ I somewhat concur with that gentleman … I pay your salaries , bottom line , and if you have a problem I do n’t want to hear it … So I say privatize it . ” [ Mayor Mayor A C ]
Wharton ’s suggestion was that the union local form a corporation that would compete for sanitation services along with private companies .
As an employee - owned business , it would give workers a stake in their jobs .
Mayor Wharton ’s interest in exploring managed competition for waste services makes sense .
As I recently wrote here as part of our Reason Saves Cleveland with Drew Carey project :
[ … ] more than half of all U.S. cities contract out all , or part of , their solid waste collection services .
The many reasons for this include cost savings ( competitive delivery of solid waste services typically generates cost savings on the order of 20 to 40 percent ) , enhanced risk management , efficiency or technology improvements , and debt reduction .
In the late 1970s , a looming fiscal crisis prompted the city of Phoenix , Arizona to apply competition to residential solid waste collection .
The city ’s Public Works Department bids alongside private firms for the right to serve each of six geographic sectors , with collection services in each sector being put out to bid on a rotating schedule every seven years .
Over the first 15 years of competition , the inflation adjusted costs of solid waste collection declined by 38 percent citywide .
When combined with the cost savings from competitions for landfill operation and solid waste transfer hauling , Phoenix saved nearly $ 39 million competitively bidding for waste - related services .
Competition for solid waste collection services in Charlotte , North Carolina produced $ 14 million in cost savings over the first five years of the program .
A 2004 statewide study of 15 North Carolina cities found that Charlotte consistently outperforms other cities in cost and efficiency for garbage , recyclables and yard waste collection .
Charlotte ’s collection costs per ton for garbage were 45 percent less than the statewide average , while it spent 41 percent less per household to collect garbage .
For more on privatization in municipal waste services , see here and here .
Alex Jones & Aaron Dykes
Infowars.com
May 7 , 2010
Alex Jones puts into perspective the radical behavior of SWAT teams and other government enforcement agencies– who recently raided and terrorized a family and killed two dogs in order to bust a man for one gram of marijuana .
At the same time , the CIA and other agencies of government have admittedly carried out narcotrafficking operations for decades .
This is especially true in Afghanistan , where troops guard opium crops , and the fight against the Taliban and al qaeda is mired in drug trafficking .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
浮気調査を必要としている皆様へ。 「 浮気調査の前に知っておいた方が良い話！ 」 についてここでは触れてみたいと思います。
浮気調査は 「契約 」
浮気調査を依頼し、探偵から初日の調査報告が行われたとします。
初日にパートナーは浮気していませんでした。
探偵に勧められたので「１か月間の浮気調査契約」を交わしています。
つい、カッとなって感情的に浮気調査を依頼してしまったわ… 女性
浮気調査は契約の一種です。簡単には解除できませんのでご注意ください。
果たして１か月間もの浮気調査契約が必要だったのか？
そもそも根本的に浮気調査が必要であったのか？
ご自身に浮気調査を依頼する明確な目的やメリットが無いと思ったら、もちろん契約する必要はありません。
浮気調査アドバイザー いったん冷静になって考えてみましょう。
探偵や興信所に支払う 「費用 」
探偵の長年の経験で培われたノウハウから判断された調査プランであっても、御依頼者が納得しない場合の理由は「実施する調査に必要とされる費用の額」が考えられます。
提案された浮気調査で抱えている問題が解決可能だと思っても、提示された費用が高額だった場合は安易には依頼できないとお考えになる方は多いです。
浮気調査の料金を浮気相手からもらう慰謝料で払えないかしら… 女性
このように浮気調査の費用全額を浮気相手から得る慰謝料から捻出する考えをお持ちになる方もいらっしゃいます。
しかし、期待通りの慰謝料が支払われるとは限らないのが現実であり、探偵のセールストークに乗ってしまって都合よく物事が進む前提でのお考えは避けてください。
浮気調査の費用は 「 トラブルや問題解決のためにかかる費用」という要素が強いです。
ですので、探偵や興信所に支払う浮気調査の費用は、まず御依頼者が負担するということが大原則となります。
ちなみに慰謝料が浮気相手から支払われるまで調査費用を支払いを待ってくれる探偵や興信所はおそらくありません。
むしろ先払いで払わなければならないところがほとんどです。
浮気調査アドバイザー 後払い可能な探偵事務所もありますよ
浮気調査の目的が 「離婚 」
浮気調査の目的が「離婚」である場合、調査に必要となる費用も大きくなると判断できます。
何故、高額な費用が必要となるかお答えしますと、ある程度の期間に複数回の不貞の証拠が必要と判断されているからなのです。
当然ですが１～２日の浮気調査では複数回の不貞の証拠は得られませんから、２週間～２０日間の浮気調査は必要になります。
しかも、浮気相手と毎日のように行動を共にする状況は考えにくい案件が多く、曜日や時間帯を限定して長期間にわたり実施することが証拠としても望ましいと考えられているのです。
低料金のサービスというのは、調査料金の単価だけ見ていては計れないものなのです。
浮気調査は主に証拠収集を目的とすることから、数回の調査が必要となり、実際のところ一日で終わることの方が少ないのではないでしょうか。
御依頼者は離婚が前提であっても、浮気をしているパートナーは離婚に同意しない可能性もあり、「浮気は反省する、やり直したい」などの主張をしてくる可能性も考えられます。
その時にたった一度の浮気の証拠では、不貞行為をした有責配偶者であっても関係修復の余地があると考えられてしまいます。
浮気調査アドバイザー そもそも、調停や離婚裁判は 「 ご夫婦がやり直しができないかを再確認することからスタート」する場所なんです。
夫婦関係の修復が可能と判断される「たった一度の浮気の証拠による離婚請求」は少々無理があると言えるのです。
そして、離婚請求が棄却されるケースも存在します。
そうなんですね … 女性
弁護士・探偵に相談する
上記のような流れを理解された上で、探偵や興信所による浮気調査を実施することにはメリットがあります。
そして、ご自身の状況を的確に把握し「自身のケースでは将来的に何が必要であるか？」を再確認するために、弁護士・探偵等に相談する流れが無駄のない的確な判断と考えられるのです。
IBM has been left with egg on its face after it distributed virus - laden USB keys to attendees at Australia 's biggest computer security conference .
Delegates of the AusCERT conference , held over the past week at the Royal Pines Resort on the Gold Coast , were told about the malware problem in a warning email this afternoon by IBM Australia chief technologist Glenn Wightwick .
The incident is ironic because conference attendees include the who's who of the computer security world and IBM was there to show off its security credentials .
Some attendees may have thought they were experiencing dejavu as Telstra was left red-faced at the 2008 AusCERT conference for also distributing malware - infected USB drives .
" At the AusCERT conference this week , you may have collected a complimentary USB key from the IBM booth , " Wightwick wrote .
Posted on by Robert Kyriakides
One of the most interesting and relatively unexplored possibilities that a changing climate will alter , is the relationship between climate change and population decline .
Population is not declining ; it is expanding so rapidly that most people are too embarrassed to talk about it .
Some of us think that there are too many people in the world .
China has enacted a strict law limiting the size of families ; it sees this as the lesser of two evils .
Developing countries are encouraging contraception to limit population growth .
I asked a Pakistani official – about twenty five years ago – as to what he regarded as the greatest difficulty in making Pakistan a successful and developed nation .
He replied ( and his reply surprised me ) that if Pakistan could limit its population growth , then it would become very prosperous .
I have no doubt that he was right and that the same point applies to many other developing nations .
But the population has continued to grow .
Apart from China no large nation has attempted to restrict population growth by law .
In the United Kingdom – a small group of islands with very limited living space and containing amongst the world ’s most densely population regions , the government is apparently very relaxed about another five or ten million people living here over the next ten years .
We are all too frightened to talk about restricting population growth ; it seems to affect our religious sensibilities or our sensibilities about foreigners and racism .
It is not the elephant in the room that we all ignore ; it is the the rising flood that is up to our waists , but we carry on as though it was not there .
With climate change there is no shortage of talk about it ; howeer there is a distinct lack of action .
Everyone is talking about the elephant , but no one makes an attempt to remove him from the room to a more suitable location .
Of , if I use my flood analogy , we are all talking about the water rising without doing anything to stop it .
As a result today there are a couple of billion souls that are living in abject poverty .
Many are doomed to starve to death .
This is happening now , before the effects of climate change have really “ kicked in ” so as to speak .
What will happen if climate change does have its expected effect upon the population of humans on this planet ?
Although the trend of population growth has been consistently upwards and onwards , ( the population of the world has nearly doubled in my lifetime ) there have been times in the history of the world when population has significantly declined .
Those declines have been usually they result of war or disease .
Before the world was industrialised disease was harder to cure .
When the world was first industrialised people became easier to kill , as a result of technological “ advances ” .
Climate change will affect population in many ways that are quite easy to imagine .
For example , droughts will become more common and rainfall in equatorial zones will become less frequent .
Then people who farm in Africa will be able to grow less food , and there will be less food for animals to eat .
Farmers , who farm the paddy fields of the delta regions in South East Asia , will produce less rice .
Less rice means less food .
Precisely how population growth will react to climate change depends upon whether human innovation will happen quickly enough to keep pace and if it does whether that innovation can be successfully transferred to the places that need it the most .
Innovation – and in particular human technological innovation – is merely a development of human evolution .
Instead of developing thicker bones of extra fingers in a response to a need our brains are now evolving not within our bodies but without them .
We do not need to grow extra legs to travel quicker if we have invented motor cars and planes .
We do not nned to evolve stronger if we have guns that can kill things that threaten us .
With all evolution – whether human , animal or plant , it is all about a race .
The fastest wins the race .
Will the evolution run faster than climate change ?
Or , as is perhaps more likely will the climate change too quickly for human evolution to keep pace with it ?
Rate this :
Share this : Reddit
Facebook
Tumblr
More
Email
Twitter
LinkedIn
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : climate change , global warming | Tagged : droughts , evolution of humanity through technology , population growth |
How to Brew Big – Making High Gravity Beers
Want to brew the biggest beers and barley wines ?
Looking for high gravity ales ?
This week we take a look at how to brew the biggest beers .
I ’m talking barley wines , imperials , high end scotch ale and other highly alcoholic brews .
Planning your Big Beer
High gravity ales start out with a bit of planning .
Homebrewing big beers is not the same as brewing regular ones .
For starters , high gravity ales need malt , and lots of it .
Use a tool like BeerSmith to adjust your original gravity to match the style you ’re brewing .
If you are brewing with malt extract , you may need 50 - 100 % more base malt than you usually use .
Adjust your recipe to match the desired gravity .
For all grain brewers the situation is more complex .
Scaling up the amount of grain used while keeping the batch size the same results in lower batch efficiency .
This is because you are sparging with proportionally less water per pound of grain .
Where you may get a 72 % brewhouse efficiency with a regular beer , your high gravity ale may achieve only 60 % .
As a result you need to lower your estimated brewhouse efficiency when estimating the original gravity of your beer .
This means you will need more grain than you would get by just scaling up a regular gravity beer .
Beer Balance
A second factor to consider when designing your big beer is balance .
Here the bitterness ratio which is the ratio between the original gravity of the beer and IBUs of bitterness , becomes very important .
As you add more malt to make your beer big , you need to add proportionally more hops to balance the beer .
Otherwise the big malt will dominate your beer , making it too sweet to drink .
To offset this , you need to calculate the bitterness ratio of your beer and compare it to the average bitterness ratio for your desired style .
Big beers need big hops – its not unusual to have 50 , 75 or even 100 IBUs for a big beer or barley wine .
Big Beer Yeast
While you may be tempted to toss any yeast into your big beer , many common ale and lager yeasts do not have the tolerance for very high concentrations of alcohol , which could result in a stuck or incomplete fermentation .
If you are brewing big , pick a yeast strain that is specifically designed for high gravity beer .
Many big beer brewers even use multiple yeast strains or champagne yeast .
When adding yeast , be sure to use a big yeast starter .
Since you have so much malt in the wort , its critical to have a robust population of active yeast to ferment your big beer .
Since there is so much malt to consume , you can afford to go proportionally larger on your yeast starter than you would with a regular beer .
Big Beer Brewing
Some additional concerns come into play when you actually brew your beer .
First , if brewing all grain , you need to calculate how much space you need for your mash .
The 5 gallon igloo coolers used by most home brewers can only accept a limited amount of malt – typically topping out at around 13 lbs of grain , even with a relatively low water to grain ratio .
If you are going big , you may need a bigger mash tun .
Since you will be mashing and sparging with less water than a normal batch it is important to maximize your efficiency with the grain and water you have .
Draining the mash tun slowly and sparging slowly will help your efficiency .
A variation on big beer brewing , called parti- gyle brewing is worth mentioning here .
This technique lets you brew two beers from a single mash .
After the main high gravity wort is drawn from the mash tun , additional sparge water is added and a second batch of wort , with lower gravity , is drawn off and brewed alongside the main ale .
For some very high gravity ales , you can even make a third , very light beer from the third runnings off a single mash tun .
Fermenting a big beer can take much longer than a normal beer .
As the alcoholic content goes up , the fermentation tends to slow , so careful monitoring of the gravity is important as well as good old patience .
You may not need as much sugar to carbonate your beer , as there will likely be some residual unfermented sugars in the beer itself .
It can take much longer to condition a high gravity batch .
Some barley wines are aged a year or even two years before reaching peak flavor .
However , high gravity beers tend to improve greatly with age much like a fine wine .
Thank you for joining us on the BeerSmith Home Brewing Blog .
Give BeerSmith a try if you want to design fantastic recipes at home , and subscribe to our newsletter today for regular delivery of our best home brewing articles .
Related Beer Brewing Articles from BeerSmith :
In May , 15th in Arbat , Moscow , there was held a terrible Zombie Flashmob 3 – “ The Meat Holiday ” .
Rather impressive .
via ottenki-serogo
THE UK ’s first TV ad campaign for abortion services airs tonight on Channel 4 at 10.10 pm – and the fundies are besides themselves with rage .
Ahead of the screening of the Marie Stopes International ( MSI ) ad , the Christian Institute garnered a fine crop of foam - flecked comments from furious religious opponents .
Said Anthony Ozimic , a spokesman for Society for the Protection of Unborn Children ( SPUC ) :
Abortion ads will trivialise abortion .
It is an insult to the hundreds of women hurt by abortion every day .
Such ads are offensive and will mislead viewers about the reality of abortion .
Michaela Aston , from the “ pro-life ” charity Life , wailed :
To allow abortion providers to advertise on TV , as though they were no different from car companies or detergent manufacturers , is grotesque .
By suggesting that abortion is yet another consumer choice , it trivialises human life and completely contravenes the spirit of the 1967 Abortion Act , which was supposed to allow for a small number of legal abortions in a limited number of hard cases , but has been twisted and distorted to allow for mass abortion on demand .
Even Vivianne Pattison , chairman of the failed radio and television watchdog Mediawatch UK , scrambled onto the bandwagon , lamely declaring :
We are not a pro-life group but we do have issues with this because women with an unplanned pregnancy are in a vulnerable position .
And Norman Wells , Director of the Family Education Trust , said :
Every abortion involves a personal tragedy for a mother and a child which will have lasting consequences whether immediately felt or not .
The ProLife Alliance , which claims that the advert breaks broadcasting guidelines , said :
The purpose of an abortion commercial is clearly to â€˜sell ’ abortion .
This is hardly conducive to making the â€˜informed sexual health choices ’ which Marie Stopes claims to provide .
But Marie Stopes Marketing Director , Julie Douglas , hit back , saying :
This ad is all about providing information so women have the confidence to know who they can call to reach people who will be non-judgmental .
The advert will not be screened in Northern Ireland , as abortion is illegal in the province .
Google is making a number of changes to its Google Docs offerings to make them even more attractive for those looking to make the switch from Microsoft 's Office .
Google 's editors for documents , spreadsheets , and drawings are getting even more realtime collaboration attributes — including character - by - character editing by multiple users .
Unfortunately , Google Docs is also losing a couple features , but Google believes these changes will help take it to the next level when it comes to challenging Microsoft .
Google Docs has always had easier - to - use collaboration features than much of what Microsoft has to offer .
Docs has been particularly useful for individuals and small businesses who need to throw together a document quickly with geographically scattered users , but the newest additions allow users to see each others ' edits on a per-character basis .
This means you can watch what your coworker is typing into a document in almost realtime , and up to 50 users can be connected to a document at a time .
On top of that , Google 's word processor now sports more Office - like features , such as spellcheck while you type and a ruler across the top for easier margin alignment .
Spreadsheets has gained auto - complete and drag - and - drop columns , as well as an editing bar for formulas .
And in Drawings , users can copy and paste their creations into other Google docs or export to standard image formats in either raster or vector ( SVG ) options .
Color labels in all of these Web apps show which user is entering what and where , so there 's never a question as to who added certain sections .
Not all the news about Google Docs is good , though .
Thanks to Google 's discontinuation of Gears , those who rely on offline access to Google Docs will lose that ability as of May 3 , 2010 .
Google is careful to mention that this does n't affect offline access to Google Calendar or Gmail , and says the company is " working to support an improved offline access option in the future . "
These changes come on the heels of Google 's acquisition of DocVerse , a company that allowed Microsoft Office users to edit their documents collaboratively on the Web — Google is undoubtedly planning to integrate DocVerse 's features into Google Docs .
Soon after that deal closed , Google also introduced an Exchange migration tool for businesses looking to ditch Microsoft 's e-mail technology in favor of Google Apps .
There are other ways for Office users to collaborate online — SharePoint is a popular solution among businesses , for example — but the functionality is still quite different from what 's offered through Google Docs .
And , of course , Google emphasizes that all these changes are part of Google Apps for no extra cost , while Office is $ 499 per user ( before discounts ) .
The changes may not appeal to serious Office users , but it 's clear that Google has decided to turn up the heat on Microsoft 's dominance among casual users and small businesses .
When Chelsea published their accounts for 2008 - 09 earlier this year , the club announced that its owner , the Russian oligarch Roman Abramovich , had written off his mammoth £ 726 m loan to the club , and converted it into shares .
But is not quite as clear - cut as that .
Abramovich channelled his loans to the club , since taking it over in 2003 and wanting to spend its way to trophies , via a holding company , Chelsea Limited .
He loaned money to Chelsea Limited , who then loaned it on to Chelsea FC plc , which runs the club .
It is true that the loans from the holding company to Chelsea FC plc were fully converted to shares last year .
However Abramovich 's loan to Chelsea Limited , the holding company which owns Chelsea FC plc , was not .
That loan remains owing ; in fact it increased from £ 701 m , because Abramovich loaned another £ 25 m in a year when Chelsea 's extravagant spending , and the dismissal of Luiz Felipe Scolari and his coaching team , produced losses of £ 47 m .
The accounts of Chelsea Limited ( whose name was changed during the year to Fordstam Limited ) , show that loan still outstanding : £ 726 m , owed to Abramovich .
A spokesman for the club confirmed that yesterday : " Recapitalisation of loans happened at the level of Chelsea FC plc , not the holding company ( Fordstam ) , therefore making the football club debt free . "
That is true .
But Fordstam owns the football club company , and owes Abramovich £ 726 m .
The loan is interest free , but it is repayable if Abramovich gives 18 months ' notice .
The Russian could still demand the money back some day , either if the club is making a profit , or if he were to sell it .
He has not , in fact , written off the huge loans he has made on his Chelsea adventure .
Not surprisingly , a CNN / Opinion Research Corp. survey released last Friday revealed that 56 percent of Americans think the federal government has become so large and powerful that it poses an immediate threat to their rights and freedoms .
Particularly apropos here is the feds ' health care violation of the 10th Amendment , which is part of our Bill of Rights and was ratified Dec. 15 , 1791 .
The amendment says , " The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States respectively , or to the people . "
Thomas Jefferson explained the pre-eminence of this amendment in 1791 : " I consider the foundation of the Constitution as laid on this ground :
That 'all powers not delegated to the United States , by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States or to the people . '
To take a single step beyond the boundaries thus specially drawn around the powers of Congress , is to take possession of a boundless field of power , no longer susceptible of any definition . "
The point is that based on the 10th Amendment , when it comes to legislating and controlling our health care , the federal government does n't have a constitutional leg to stand on .
And even its past violations of the 10th Amendment by implementing government health care services have proved to break more national legs than they have to mend them .
The proof is in the pudding .
How many times does it have to be pointed out to Washington ?
Medicare is going bankrupt .
Medicaid is going bankrupt .
Case closed .
The government is inept to run America 's health care system .
And now it wants to expand its programs ( its health care business ) to oversee what equates to one - sixth of the gross national product ?
What rational board anywhere in the world would rightly appoint a CEO who had a string of miserable business failures and major corporate bankruptcies in his dossier ?
I agree with Dr. Scott W. Atlas , a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution and a professor at Stanford University Medical Center , and South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford , who put it best in their article a few months back , titled " Alternatives to government health takeover . "
They said this : " We think it 's critical that power shifts to the American consumer and away from government , employers and insurers , as evidence shows medical care prices come down when patients pay directly .
Government should offer tax relief , such as refundable tax credits , to encourage private health insurance purchasing -- especially for low - income families .
Similar ideas , like those in the Patients ' Choice Act ... are important for Americans to consider .
We would do well also to consider creative ideas such as changing federal payments to state - based medicaid plans to individual vouchers or expanding health savings accounts , as has been done in South Carolina . "
Returning the onus of solving health care issues to families , local communities and states would not only return a balance of power to our federal government but also help with America 's economic recovery and build up communities at the same time .
The abuse of federal political power to intervene in areas such as Americans ' private health care could exist only in a nation that no longer holds its leaders accountable to its constitution and that has governmental leadership that regards itself as above its people and its constitution .
Sadly , I was listening to an interview the other day in which President Barack Obama described the U.S. Constitution as " an imperfect document ... a document that reflects some deep flaws ... ( and ) an enormous blind spot . "
He also said , " The Framers had that same blind spot . "
In so doing , the president established a rationale and justification for disregarding the Constitution .
Even worse , he placed himself above the Constitution and those " blind Framers , " who just could n't see the big picture as he does today .
After all , he 's the constitutional scholar , and the Framers were just , well , the creators of the document !
Our 44th president would do well to learn from America 's third president , Thomas Jefferson , himself a source greater than any living constitutional lawyer .
Imagine Jefferson sitting there at the health care summit , a ripe sage at roughly 80 years of age .
After listening to all the clamoring of both Republicans and Democrats , he politely but sternly utters these words , which he also wrote to Supreme Court Justice William Johnson in 1823 : " The States supposed that by their tenth amendment , they had secured themselves against constructive powers .
They ( did not learn from the past ) , nor ( were they ) aware of the slipperiness of the eels of the law .
I ask for no straining of words against the General Government , nor yet against the States .
I believe the States can best govern our home concerns , and the General Government our foreign ones .
I wish , therefore , to see maintained that wholesome distribution of powers established by the constitution for the limitation of both ; and never to see all offices transferred to Washington , where , further withdrawn from the eyes of the people , they may more secretly be bought and sold as at market . "
It could n't be any clearer or wiser than that .
I encourage you to go to TenthAmendmentCenter.com and learn more about your 10th Amendment rights , and then fight for those rights by holding all your representatives accountable to them .
Facing Criminal Charges in Atlanta ?
Whether you are facing criminal charges such as theft , assault , possession , or any other criminal offense , an Atlanta criminal lawyer can help .
An Atlanta criminal defense attorney can help at each stage of a misdemeanor or felony charge .
Atlanta criminal law firms know the local laws and enforcement whether you are arrested in Midtown , Buckhead , or elsewhere in Fulton County and beyond .
Use FindLaw to identify an experienced Atlanta criminal defense lawyer with expertise in understanding your criminal charge to help resolve your criminal case .
Main Deck ( 60 cards )
Sideboard ( 0 cards )
Submit a list of cards below to bulk import them all into your sideboard .
Post one card per line using a format like " 4x Birds of Paradise " or " 1 Blaze " , you can even enter just the card name by itself like " Wrath of God " for single cards .
Start typing a card name and use the auto - complete feature to quickly select the card you 're trying to add .
Enter a quantity and add that card to your sideboard !
Deck Description
This is a * Tribal * deck , which means you have to play at least 20 creatures of the same type - I chose the Kraken creature type to pair with Quest for Ula 's Temple , added Timesifter to abuse the large mana costs of my beasts and use Halimar Depths , Sage Owl and Sage of Epityr to manipulate the top of my deck to my benefit .
Federal Reserve Governor Kevin Warsh told an audience on Friday that the U.S. economy is in the midst of a cyclical recovery and that there are “ encouraging ” signs of improvement in financial markets .
Many other governmental and media talking heads have uttered similar pronouncements about a “ recovery ” which will put the U.S. economy back on track .
But are we really experiencing a recovery ?
If so , then why are foreclosures still hitting record levels ?
Why is unemployment so high ?
Why are so many cities and states on the verge of bankruptcy ?
Why are so many average Americans hurting so much ?
The truth is that what we are experiencing now is a period of stabilization before the “ second dip ” of the double - dip recession so many economists have been talking about hits .
What the U.S. economy is actually in the midst of is a complete and total structural failure .
The American Dream is going to permanently die for millions of American families .
Millions more are going to lose their jobs and millions more are going to lose their homes .
This is what we get for piling up the biggest mountain of debt in the history of the world and outsourcing much of our manufacturing and industry to places like China and India .
Now we are an aging , bloated dinosaur trying to survive on a service economy and the biggest debt bubble of all time .
It would be great if we could experience at least a temporary economic recovery , because very few people are ready for a total economic meltdown right now .
Most of us still need more time to prepare for what is ahead .
But unfortunately almost all of the recent economic news is bad .
The following are 14 pieces of really bad news for the U.S. economy ….
#1) According to RealtyTrac , foreclosure filings were reported on 367,056 properties in the month of March .
This represented an increase of almost 19 percent from February , and it was also an increase of nearly 8 percent from March 2009 .
In fact , the number for March 2010 was the highest monthly total since RealtyTrac began issuing its report in January 2005 .
That is really , really bad news for the real estate industry .
#2) And yet things are expected to get even worse for the housing market .
Realty Trac projects that there will be 4.5 million home foreclosures before the end 2010 .
If you figure that there are approximately 4 people per household , that is another 18 million people that will be forced out of their homes by the end of the year .
#3) Interest rates have already gone up , and most experts forecast that they will continue to increase throughout the rest of 2010 and into 2011 .
This is going to make existing adjustable mortgages more expensive , and this will also make it even harder for home buyers to purchase a home .
Needless to say , this is likely to put significant downward pressure on housing prices .
#4) It turns out that the much celebrated foreclosure assistance program introduced by Barack Obama and the Democrats last year is helping very , very few mortgage holders , and the default rates for those who have managed to receive help are still very high .
From all appearances it seems as though the U.S. government is unable to do very much at all to turn around the real estate market .
#5) The unemployment crisis continues to get worse .
The number of unemployed Americans per job opening has started to increase again , hitting 5.5 in February .
There just are not nearly enough jobs for everyone , and this is creating a great deal of despair among unemployed workers .
Many of those who do manage to find work have only been able to obtain part - time employment .
Gallup ’s underemployment measure hit 20.0 % on March 15th .
This was up from 19.7 % two weeks earlier and 19.5 % at the start of the year .
That is not a good trend .
#6) The IMF is forecasting that unemployment will remain high for at least two more years .
Unfortunately , IMF forecasts tend to be chillingly accurate , so those Americans hoping for an employment boom in the coming months are likely to be quite disappointed .
#7 ) Even with the economy struggling and so many out of work , the price of gasoline continues to skyrocket .
It is almost as if the 1970s have struck again and we are back in the days of the misery index .
In some areas of the United States , people are already paying as much as $ 3.50 for a gallon of gasoline , and many experts are predicting that gasoline could hit $ 4.00 a gallon by the end of 2010 .
#8) And health care costs show no sign of slowing down either .
Even the Los Angeles Times ( which is radically pro-Obama ) is admitting that the new health care law will not prevent health care premiums from continuing to increase dramatically .
So why did they pass that law again ?
# 9 ) Well , it turns out that the new health care bill is not good for physician - owned hospitals either .
According to the executive director of Physician Hospitals of America , more than 60 doctor - owned hospitals across the United States that were in the development stage will now be canceled .
Why will they be canceled ?
Well , it is because of the new health care law that Barack Obama and the Democrats wanted so badly .
Apparently the new law singles out doctor - owned hospitals , making new doctor - owned projects ineligible to receive payments for Medicare and Medicaid patients .
Who in the world came up with that bright idea ?
# 10 ) Not only that , but soon the United States will be facing a critical shortage of physicians .
The U.S. health care system was already facing a shortage of approximately 150,000 doctors in the next decade or so , but thanks to the health care bill passed by Congress , that number could grow by several more hundred thousand .
Ouch !
# 11 ) Cities and states across America are facing unprecedented financial pressure .
For example , many analysts believe that the city of Los Angeles is on the verge of bankruptcy .
Of course the entire state of California is a financial wasteland at this point , so that is not that much of a surprise .
# 12 ) Several prominent economic analysts are now declaring the the risk that the government of Japan will go bankrupt is very real .
If Japan does financially implode , that will have major implications for the United States , as Japan is one of our biggest and most important trading partners .
# 13 ) The world ’s five biggest AAA - rated countries ( including the United States ) are all at risk of soaring debt costs and will have to implement austerity plans that threaten “ social cohnesion ” , according to a report on sovereign debt by Moody ’s .
To get an idea of how popular “ austerity plans ” are , just check out the riots that have been happening in Greece lately .
# 14 ) Trillions have been pumped into the U.S. economy over the last couple of years and officially all we have to show for it is about 2 % growth .
Oh , and an exploding national debt that our children and grandchildren will never , ever be able to pay off .
The U.S. government continues to spend money like it is water , and yet the U.S. economy continues to be trapped in a death spiral .
The reality is that we have created an economic nightmare from which there is no escape , and it is going to take every ounce of government spending and intervention just to keep the economy functioning somewhat normally .
Unfortunately the economic crisis will become so dramatic at some point that even the government will lose control and that is when everything will really hit the fan .
So prepare yourself and your family now .
Very difficult times are coming , and the vast majority of Americans will be totally unprepared for what is going to happen .
Do n’t be one of them .
Florida Keys and Cuba wildlife under threat as currents widen impact of BP oil slick
The BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico has threatened to become one of the world 's worst environmental catastrophes as experts predict that oil from the leaking undersea well could be carried as far afield as the Florida Keys , Miami and Cuba by strong currents in the gulf .
BP is still struggling to contain the leak , which has already dumped oil debris ashore on the coasts of Louisiana , Mississippi and Alabama , threatening fisheries and wildlife areas .
However recent research has found that the spill has now entered the Gulf 's Loop Current , which , if it were to transport the slick as far as Florida 's beaches , would have disastrous consequences for the Sunshine State ’s $ 60 billion - a- year tourist industry .
Disaster :
This image taken by a NASA satellite shows the oil spill is moving west , perilously close to the Florida coastline
The alarm was raised on the Florida Keys earlier this week after tar balls washed up on a beach on the Lower Keys , however laboratory tests revealed they were not from the Gulf of Mexico spill .
Tar balls are not uncommon in the region , which has around 8,000 commercial vessels passing through it every year .
Some of the vessels defy anti-pollution rules and wash fuel oil from their tanks .
Plumes of oil pour from the ruptured well after the Deepwater Horizon rig sank last month
Andy Newman , of the Monroe Tourism Development Council , said : ' Even if we do n't get a gumball - sized tar ball down here in the next month , there has already been significant perception damage to Florida Keys and Florida tourism .
' We understand we are not out of the woods yet , that there 's more oil out there . '
BP has said a siphon tube inserted into the well is capturing an estimated 2,000 barrels ( 70,000 gallons ) a day from the ruptured undersea Macondo well - around 40 per cent of the amount that was gushing out .
Environmentalists warn that the spill , which followed an explosion on April 20th on board the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig , could prove worse than the 1989 Exxon Valdez disaster off Alaska .
Slick : Rust - coloured oil debris floats on the water at the mouth of the Mississippi Delta
Authorities have nearly doubled a no-fishing zone to 19 per cent of U.S. waters in the Gulf affected by the spill .
Florida Senator Bill Nelson , a staunch critic of offshore drilling said : ' While I always hope for the best , this is looking like really out - of - control bad . '
The spill has forced President Barack Obama to put on hold plans to expand offshore oil drilling and has raised concerns about planned oil operations in other areas such as the Arctic .
BP , which has seen its market value cut by £ 21 billion , has said it plans to increase the amount of oil captured from the well as it works on a permanent fix .
TCMaker is open for business !
[ Updated ] May 16 , 2020
I hope you are all doing well .
The shop closure has been tough , but we ’re back !
Please read this message carefully , as it contains information that you will need to know to get into the shop .
Remember , as much as we all want to get in and work on projects , it is important that we [ … ]
FRONT man for a barking mad fundamentalist Christian Ministry , which brings Christian punk rock to US public schools – and has strong ties with the Republican Party of Minnesota – has called on Americans to take a leaf out of the Islamists ’ book and start threatening gays with death .
According to this report , Bradlee Dean , of the loopily - named You Can Run But You Cannot Hide ministry , said that Muslim calling for the execution of gays and lesbians are :
More moral than even the American Christians .
Ranting on a local radio station , Dean said :
Muslims are calling for the executions of homosexuals in America .
This just shows you they themselves are upholding the laws that are even in the Bible of the Judeo - Christian God , but they seem to be more moral than even the American Christians do , because these people are livid about enforcing their laws .
They know homosexuality is an abomination .
He added :
If America wo n’t enforce the laws , God will raise up a foreign enemy to do just that .
The bottom line is this â€¦ they [ homosexuals ] play the victim when they are , in fact , the predator .
Dean then made a claim that has no basis in fact :
On average , they molest 117 people before they ’re found out .
How many kids have been destroyed , how many adults have been destroyed because of crimes against nature ?
If the boy is n’t on drugs , he sure ought to be .
There are some pretty powerful anti-psychosis remedies out there that he might like to try .
Mark Knief , president of the Minnesota chapter of the Log Cabin Republicans , said Dean ’s words were some of the “ most outrageous lies I ’ve ever heard . ”
He added :
This should be a grave concern with any candidate that is supporting them .
The ministry has become increasingly cozy with Minnesota Republicans .
During the past few months , You Can Run has attended two Republican Party of Minnesota events and garnered the support of top Republican officials .
Phil Duran , legal director for OutFront Minnesota , condemned Dean ’s statement about executing gays .
It ’s pretty shocking to read people criticizing Christians and Americans because they do n’t , as a rule , go out and actually kill gay people .
There are those who rely on attitudes like this – and attitudes not nearly so extreme – to justify acts of violence , harassment or discrimination , to justify continued exclusion of same - sex couples from the law , to rationalize the imposition of so - called â€˜reparative therapy ’ to â€˜fix ’ people , and to oppose safe - schools legislation .
He added :
The question that concerns me is : how many people out there look at comments like this and agree ?
Hopefully , very few .
And just to finish off , here ’s Polish Catholic - sedevacantist priest RafaÅ ‚
Trytek yearning for a return of those “ wonderful times ” when homosexuals – or “ faggots ” as he insists on calling them – were burned at the stake .
Trytek is linked to the neo- fascist National Revival of Poland Party .
The ambassadors of Muslim and non-Muslim states will be told that blasphemy against prophets not only hurts the feelings of one religion but also sows a seed of hatred against the people of other religions .
A furniture - store cleaning woman became flush with anger when a salesman tried to use the bathroom she was scrubbing — so she bashed him with a toilet - tank lid and then called 911 , cops said yesterday
Lily Rose Vaughan , 56 , was arrested on assault charges for dustup Wednesday at 1 p.m. in Flatbush Xpress Furniture , where she smashed the porcelain lid on Alen Bairamoukov and then bit him on the neck .
“ I ’ve had a good relationship with her for many years , ” said the shocked Bairamoukov , 35 .
“ I never expected anything like this . ”
The salesman said he suffers from gastritis , and desperatelyhad to use the bathroom .
“ I said , ‘ Rosie , I ’m dying , please , I have to go inside , ’ ” he said .
“ She said , ‘ Go next door ! ’ ”
The fight escalated and Bairamoukov was left with a cut hand .
Vaughan was arraigned on assault charges and released on her own recognizance .
She said she was acting in self defense .
View Transcript
Transcript
Wally says , " Who 's the idiot that put a mirror in the lobby ?
That 's bad Feng Shui . "
Wally says , " I keep trying to work , but all of our workplace energy is getting reflected right back out to the sidewalk . "
Wally says , " And the way your desk is angled is totally flipping me the chi bird ! "
Bill Bachrach has a business somewhat like mine , though with a specific vertical industry focus : he teaches people to become trusted professionals in the field of financial planning .
I ’ve read much of his material over the years and have the highest regard for what he has written ( not to mention what he ’s done — like the Hawaii Ironman Triathlon ) .
The other day , Bill found just the right words to express a paradox .
Just how is it that an industry , by burning its own customers , can raise its stock price ?
We ’ll come back to that : first , here ’s Bill , from his newsletter The Trusted Financial Advisor :
The headline reads : " Wall Street wins big as Dodd drops fiduciary provision . "
And the first line of that article is " Chalk it up as a win for the securities and insurance industries . "
How do the securities and insurance industries win when the client loses ?
It ’s a fascinating way to view the world , but not surprising .
Here ’s my translation : " the lower the standards the easier it is for us to manage our advisors , salespeople , and agents . "
It ’s the usual product - oriented , fear - based thinking from our industry at - large and it proves , once again , that you have a competitive advantage as an individual Trusted Advisor who chooses to put the client first .
Can you believe what you just read ; you have a competitive advantage by putting the client first ?
Yes , you do .
Does n’t everyone put the client first ?
Apparently not .
Amazingly enough , our industry considers it a win when they do n’t have to adopt the highest standard of care for their clients .
Wow .
Point One : There Are a Few Bad People Out There
Now , you can argue that the industry is right in its argument that the absence of a fiduciary standard is actually in the best interest of the client , but I ’m with Bachrach on this one .
If you disagree , I ’ve got a bridge for you .
Some people think trust is naïve , that the world is a nasty place , that no one is trustworthy , and that trusting is a foolishly suicidal act .
Trust is not naïve — there is no trust without risk , for example — but it needs to be said that those people are not all wrong , not by a long shot .
There are industries more rife than others with untrustworthy behavior , and the business of money , at least in recent years , is one of them .
But there ’s a bigger issue that Bachrach ’s indignation suggests :
Point Two : Watch Out for Profit - Justified Ethics
There are a number of researchers out there — I wo n’t name names , but you could research them easily — who invest quite a bit of time and energy in proving that " good " business is also good business ; that you can do well by doing good .
Profitability is shown to be correlated with values like transparency , social responsibility , candor , and customer focus .
I ’ve studied a lot of that work , and think it is generally and fundamentally true .
Doing good really does result in doing well .
But — not in all cases , and not necessarily in the short run .
As Bachrach points out , you ’ve got an entire industry that apparently believes they can make more money by gouging their customers than by being straight with them .
Are they wrong ?
Put it this way : I would n’t even bet your money against Wall Street on this one .
They are most decidedly not stupid .
Why ’s this an issue ?
Because many of these socially - minded thinkers — whom I happen to think are basically right , and whom I support — are playing with fire when they use profitability as a justification for “ good ” behavior .
The more you say , “ the good - doing companies are actually more profitable than the evil companies , ” the more you conflate the two .
And the more you open it up for some companies to infer the converse and the inverse :
“ It ’s making the most money , so it must be the good thing , ” and
“ It ’s not making money , so it must not be the good thing . ”
And what you ’ve then done is to re-define ethics in terms of profitability .
Now , there is no harm in pointing out that good deeds are usually more profitable .
And none of these analysts intend to argue in favor of the perverse results .
But intentions have a way of getting misinterpreted by those who have ulterior motives ; those who are , oh let ’s just say , bad .
It ’s similar to what L.J. Rittenhouse said in a recent Trust Quotes interview , the " result of trying to replace moral standards with legal standards " is a lowering of integrity .
So it is here , when we do n’t guard against the turning of the ethical tables .
Just to be clear : if something is ethical , it ’s usually profitable .
But if it is n’t profitable , that does n’t mean it is n’t ethical .
And just because it is profitable does n’t mean it is ethical .
There will be the more - than - occasional situation where the right thing to do is simply not the profitable thing to do .
That ’s when you find out who ’s ethical , and who ’s simply hustling their own customers .
People ask me all the time how much fun it is to work in game development .
It ’s a cool job , and I ’m certainly having a great time , but the idea that it ’s just a big circus full of fun times is crazy talk .
Share this : Email
Maybe all dogs react to fart sounds by smelling their own behinds , but this one definitely does .
( And if you 're watching this in a cafe , make sure you use headphones ! ) [ BuzzFeed ]
Advertisement
Soon after moving in , Beth , a brainy , beautiful writer damaged from a past relationship encounters Adam , the handsome , but odd , fellow in the downstairs apartment whose awkwardness is perplexing .
Beth and Adam 's ultimate connection leads to a tricky relationship that exemplifies something universal : truly reaching another person means bravely stretching into uncomfortable territory and the resulting shake - up can be liberating .
Written by Fox Searchlight Pictures
Today , we look at the year that gave us works by Edgar Rice Burroughs , Arthur Conan Doyle , and Hugo Gernsback — does 1912 deserve to be crowned the Best Year of Science Fiction Ever ?
Advertisement
From February through July 1912 , All - Story Magazine serialized Under the Moons of Mars , an epic pulp adventure loosely inspired by the Mars - is - dying speculations of astronomer Percival Lowell - and perhaps a bit more than inspired by Edwin Lester Arnold 's 1905 Martian romance , Lieut .
Gullivar Jones : His Vacation .
It was Edgar Rice Burroughs ' first attempt at fiction ; worried about what his colleagues might think , the pencil - sharpener company manager published it under the pseudonym Norman ( Normal ) Bean .
By 1917 , Burroughs ' Tarzan franchise was wildly popular , so the publisher A.C. McClurg reissued his tale about John Carter 's triumphs and tribulations on Barsoom as A Princess of Mars — the single most influential " planetary romance " novel in the genre later dubbed " science fiction . "
Advertisement
In England , that same year , Arthur Conan Doyle , whose Sherlock Holmes stories had revolutionized crime fiction , published The Lost World — in which the brilliant scientist Prof.
George E. Challenger and companions journey to a South American jungle , where they discover a high plateau crawling with prehistoric monsters and beast - men .
This was science fiction 's first popular dinosaurs - still - live tale ; everyone from Edgar Rice Burroughs ( The Land That Time Forgot ) to Merian C. Cooper and Edgar Wallace ( King Kong ) to Michael Crichton would follow its lead .
Challenger would star in four of Doyle 's subsequent scientific romances : The Poison Belt ( 1913 ) , The Land of Mist ( 1926 ) , When the World Screamed ( 1928 ) , and The Disintegration Machine ( 1929 ) .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Back in the United States , in March 1912 Hugo Gernsback 's scientific hobbyist 's magazine , Modern Electrics , finished serializing the editor 's first novel , Ralph 124C 41 + : A Romance of the Year 2660 .
Ralph One - to - foresee - for - one ( get it ? ) is a brilliant inventor - but forget about him .
The only thing that Gernsback , who in the 1920s would become a pioneering SF magazine publisher ( the Hugo awards are named after him ) , cares about is showing off the technical marvels he 's dreamed up — his accurate predictions include television , microfilm , and radar .
Gernsback 's novel was a grown - up version of the " Edisonade " subgenre of SF : for example , Tom Swift and His Air Glider , Tom Swift and His Wizard Camera , and Tom Swift and His Great Searchlight , all of which also appeared in 1912 .
Tom Swift , Professor Challenger , and Ralph 124C 41 + may have been staunch advocates of scientific progress , but on April 14th , 1912 , the technologically advanced ship RMS Titanic struck an iceberg and sank ; this gave pause even to the era 's techno - futurists .
Coincidentally , several of pre-Golden
Age science fiction 's best post - apocalyptic and dystopian novels were published in 1912 .
These include : The Vacant World , the first part of George Allan England 's Darkness and Dawn trilogy , in which two modern people wake up a thousand years after the Earth has been devastated by a meteor , and set about rebuilding civilization ; The Second Deluge , astronomer Garrett P. Serviss ' thrilling adventure story in which complacent scientists , scheming public officials , and capitalist robber barons get their comeuppance after failing to heed a modern Noah 's warnings about an apocalyptic flood ; and William Hope Hodgson 's The Night Land , which is set on a frozen future Earth whose human inhabitants live in an underground redoubt surrounded by Watching Things , Silent Ones , Ab-humans , and other monstrous invaders from another dimension — and whose proto-Skywalker hero taps into a Force - like energy and bears a lightsaber - ish " Diskos . "
Advertisement
As if the preceding examples were n't evidence enough that 1912 was a critical year for science fiction , I feel compelled to mention three lesser works also worth checking out .
Rudyard Kipling 's As Easy as A.B.C. shows an anti-imperialistic side of the author of " The White Man 's Burden " ; it 's set in a future world dominated by an international Aerial Board of Control that ruthlessly attempts to maintain law and order .
Le Mystérieux Docteur Cornelius , by the always - thrilling French SF author Gustave Le Rouge , pits an alliance of heroes against the Red Hand , a mad - scientist - led criminal empire .
And in Le Péril Bleu , by the French SF author Maurice Renard , invisible aliens who lived in the upper strata of the atmosphere fish for humans and keep them in a space zoo .
Finally , British author Sax Rohmer 's Chinese master criminal character , Fu Manchu , who would inspire racist depictions of SF's Asian villains from Ming the Merciless to Dr. No , first appeared in the 1912 story " The Zayat Kiss . "
Advertisement
Joshua Glenn is a Boston - based journalist , editor , and cultural semiotics analyst .
He cofounded the websites HiLobrow and Significant Objects , and writes about Radium Age science fiction for io9 .
MINISTER for Communications Stephen Conroy has vowed to push on with his controversial internet filtering scheme , despite a barrage of criticism .
Senator Conroy told The Sun-Herald that internet advocacy groups such as GetUp ! were '' deliberately misleading ' ' the Australian public about the scheme , which will refuse classification to illegal and socially unacceptable web pages .
The legislation , which was expected to be passed before Parliament rises in June , has been delayed until the second half of the year while the government fine - tunes it .
The government 's $ 128.8 million Cyber Safety policy includes forcing internet service providers to block access to a secret blacklist of website pages identified as ' ' refused classification ' ' by Australian government bureaucrats .
Web pages will be nominated for blacklisting by Australian internet users who come across illegal or ' ' unacceptable ' ' websites .
'' This is a policy that will be going ahead , '' Senator Conroy said .
'' We are still consulting on the final details of the scheme .
But this policy has been approved by 85 per cent of Australian internet service providers , who have said they would welcome the filter , including Telstra , Optus , iPrimus and iinet . ''
By Roger Harrabin
Environment analyst , BBC News
Some sceptics want to end the " myth " of dangerous climate change
In the Grand Ballroom Of Chicago 's Magnificent Mile Hotel , dinner was over .
Beef , of course .
A great pink hunk of it from the American Mid-West .
At the world 's biggest gathering of climate change sceptics , organised by the right - wing Heartland Institute , vegetarians were an endangered species .
Wine flowed and blood coursed during a rousing address from Heartland 's libertarian president Joseph Bast .
Climate change is being used by governments to oppress the people , he believes .
After years of opposing government rules on smoking and the environment , Mr Bast now aims to forge a global movement of climate sceptics to end the " myth " that humans are endangering the atmosphere .
He urged the audience to spread the word among their families , friends and work colleagues that climate science is too uncertain to guide government policy , and that plans for climate laws in the US would bankrupt the nation .
We just did n't realise in those days how important and controversial this would all become
Professor Roy Spencer
University of Alabama
In turn , he introduced an all - American hero , Harrison Schmitt , one of the last people to walk on the Moon and still going strong .
Mr Schmitt trained as a geologist and like some other geologists believes that climate change is part of a natural fluctuation .
He 's also a former Republican Senator and he made the case that the American constitution contains no powers for government to legislate CO2 .
The audience , containing some international faces , but mostly American libertarians and Republicans , loved the small - government message .
They cheered when a member of the audience demanded that the " Climategate criminals " - the scientists behind the University of East Anglia ( UEA ) hacked emails - should be jailed for fraud .
' Anti-climax '
And the fervour reached a peak when the reluctant hero , Steve McIntyre , shambled on to the stage .
Mr McIntyre is the retired mining engineer who started enquiring into climate statistics as a hobby and whose requests for raw data from the UEA led to a chain of events which have thrown climate science into turmoil .
The crowd rose to applaud him to the stage in recognition of his extraordinary statistical battle to disprove the " Hockey Stick " graph that had become an emblem of man-made global warming .
There was a moment of anticipation as Mr McIntyre stood nervously before the podium - a lugubrious bear of a man resembling a character from Garrison Keillor 's Lake Wobegon .
Steve McIntyre has worked to " break " the hockey stick " I 'm not used to speaking in front of such big crowds , " he mumbled .
And he winced a little when one emotional admirer blurted that he had travelled 10,000 miles from South Africa for the thrill of hearing him speak .
But then came a sudden and unexpected anti-climax .
Mr McIntyre urged the audience to support the battle for open source data on climate change - but then he counselled them to stop clamouring for the blood of the e-mailers .
McIntyre does not want them jailed , or even punished .
He just wants them to say they are sorry .
The audience disappointment was tangible - like a houndpack denied the kill .
Mr McIntyre then advised sceptics to stop insisting that the Hockey Stick is a fraud .
It is understandable for scientists to present their data in a graphic way to " sell " their message , he said .
He understood why they had done it .
But their motives were irrelevant .
The standard of evidence required to prove fraud over the Hockey Stick was needlessly high , he said .
All that was needed was an acknowledgement by the science authorities that the Hockey Stick was wrong .
Political associations
This was clearly not the sort of emollient message the sceptics expected from one of their heavy hitters .
And the speech slipped further into climate pacifism when Mr McIntyre confessed that he did not share the libertarian tendencies of many in the ballroom .
As a Canadian , he said , he was brought up to believe that governments should govern on behalf of the people - so if CO2 were reckoned to be dangerous , it would be the duty of politicians to make laws to cut emissions .
The quiet man said he thought that the work of his climate - statistical website was probably done .
He sat down to one - handed applause .
Not so much of a call to arms as a whispered advice to the adversary to lay down his weapons and depart the battlefield .
His message of climate conciliation was reinforced by Tom Harris , founder of the International Climate Science Coalition .
He says he's not a right - winger , and he told the conference that many scientists sharing his political views had misgivings about establishment climate theory , but would not speak out for fear of being associated with their political opponents or with the fossil fuel industry .
Indeed some moderate climate sceptics told me they have shunned this conference for fear of being publicly associated with a highly - politicised group .
And Sonia Boehmer Christiansen , the British - based climate agnostic ( her term ) , brought to a juddering halt an impassioned anti-government breakfast discussion with a warning to libertarians that they would never win the policy argument on climate unless they could carry people from the Left with them .
Governments needed taxes , she said - and energy taxes - were an efficient way of gathering them .
Cloud effect
Even some right - wingers agreed the need to review the language of scam and fraud .
Professor Roy Spencer , for instance , is a climate sceptic scientist from the University of Alabama in Huntsville .
But when I asked him about the future of Professor Phil Jones , the man of the heart of the UEA e-mail affair , he said he had some sympathy .
" He says he 's not very organised .
I 'm not very organised myself , " said Professor Spencer .
" If you asked me to find original data from 20 years ago I 'd have great difficulty too .
" We just did n't realise in those days how important and controversial this would all become - now it would just all be stored on computer .
Phil Jones has been looking at climate records for a very long time .
Frankly our data set agrees with his , so unless we are all making the same mistake we 're not likely to find out anything new from the data anyway . "
Professor Spencer admits that he is regarded by orthodox climate scientists as a renegade .
But as a very conservative Christian he is at home here , and his views carry weight at this meeting .
Like most climate sceptic scientists , he accepts that CO2 is a warming gas - this is basic physics , he says , and very hard to dispute .
But he says his studies on incoming and outgoing Earth radiation measured by satellites suggest that changes in cloudiness are mitigating warming caused by CO2 .
He thinks all the world 's climate modellers are wrong to assume that the Earth 's natural systems will augment warming from CO2 , and he hopes that a forthcoming paper will prove his case .
He admits that he has been wrong often enough to know it 's easy to be wrong on a subject as complex as the climate .
But he says that means the modellers can all be wrong , too .
The key question for the future , he said , was the one that has been asked for the past 30 years with inconclusive answers - how sensitive will the climate be to a doubling of CO2 ?
' Climate resilience '
The godfather of climate scepticism Richard Lindzen , professor of meteorology at Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) , has been pre-occupied with this question for decades .
He is a member of the US National Academy of Sciences and a former lead author for the IPCC .
But he is immensely controversial and his views run directly counter to those of his institute , which , he says , is looking forward to his retirement .
He has been accused of ignoring recent developments in science .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He believes CO2 is probably keeping the Earth warmer than it would otherwise be , but says he is more convinced than ever that the climate will prove increasingly resilient to extra CO2 .
He thinks that this greenhouse gas will not increase temperature much more than 1C in total because the positive feedbacks predicted by computer models will not occur .
The final word of this conference - part counter - orthodox science brainstorm , part political rally - was left to a man who is not a scientist at all , Christopher Monckton , former adviser to Mrs Thatcher , now the darling of climate sceptics worldwide .
In a bravura performance he had the audience roaring at his mocking impersonation of " railway engineer Rajendra Pachauri - the Casey Jones of climate change " ; hissing with pantomime fury at the " scandal " of Climategate , then emotionally applauding the American troops who have given their lives for the freedom that their political masters are surrendering to the global socialist tyranny of global warming .
His closing words were delivered in a weeping whisper , a soft prayer of praise to the American constitution and individual liberty .
As the ecstatic crowd filtered out I pointed one delegate to a copy of the Wall Street Journal on the table .
A front page paragraph noted that April had been the warmest on record .
" So what ? " he shrugged .
" So what ? "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The catastrophic spill in the Gulf of Mexico set off a backlash against the oil industry yesterday , with a demand for a ban on future offshore drilling .
The anger came as BP executives admitted in a private briefing for members of Congress that the gusher on the floor of the Gulf of Mexico could reach 40,000 barrels a day – eight times higher than the current estimate – if they cannot cap the flow .
It also carries the risk of a financial sting , with the White House yesterday backing a proposal by senators that would put oil companies on the hook for up to to $ 10 bn ( £ 6.5 bn ) for the cost of a spill .
The White House spokesman , Robert Gibbs , said the administration supported a proposal to make liability retroactive .
The cap would be 133 times greater than the $ 75 m bill that BP , which operated the Deepwater Horizon rig , faces under existing US laws following its explosion on 20 April .
" It 's time to believe our eyes and accept the obvious risks of drilling , " Robert Menendez , a Democratic senator from New Jersey , told a press conference .
" This is about making Big Oil responsible for its excesses . "
Arnold Schwarzenegger , California 's governor , had arrived at a similar conclusion , reversing his support for expanded drilling to help the state 's $ 20 bn budget crisis .
" You turn on the TV and see this enormous disaster ; you say to yourself , why would we want to take on that kind of risk ? " he told a press conference .
The spill does not appear to have forced a change of heart for the former governor of Alaska , Sarah Palin , who popularised the Republican " drill , baby , drill " slogan in the 2008 election .
She told an audience in Kansas City that offshore drilling should continue .
" I want our country to be able to trust the oil industry . "
But BP and other oil firms face further intense scrutiny in Congress .
Company officials briefed members of Congress in a closed session yesterday afternoon , with a public grilling scheduled for next week .
BP 's position that there had been no need for a backup system for the blowout preventer , whose failure led to the multiple spills , came in for harsh criticism yesterday afternoon .
" I'm of the opinion that boosterism breeds complacency , and complacency breeds disaster , " said Ed Markey , who helped write the climate bill which passed in the house last year .
" That in my opinion is what happened . "
The backlash against oil firms is dangerous for Barack Obama , who angered many Democrats and environmentalists in March when he announced a plan to expand offshore drilling , seen as a ploy to win support in the Senate and from oil firms , for climate and energy legislation .
But Bill Nelson , a Democratic senator from Florida , said that strategy would have to be abandoned .
" I will make it short and to the point , " Nelson told reporters .
" The president 's proposal for offshore drilling is dead on arrival . "
And in a new advert , with images of a burning rig and oil - encrusted wildlife , the liberal Moveon.org group asks : " President Obama , will you lead our country into a clean energy future ?
Or will we see more of this ? "
The gulf explosion put the Obama administration on alert , scrambling to demonstrate full engagement with the spill , which threatens ecologically fragile areas from Louisiana through to Alabama and Mississippi and Florida , and could damage livelihoods of millions of people .
After Obama 's visit to Louisiana at the weekend , the White House said a number of cabinet officials would return to the gulf coastline this week .
The proposals unveiled by three senators yesterday would raise the legal cap on damages that oil firms must pay after a spill from $ 75 m to $ 10 bn .
They would also do away with a $ 1bn per incident cap on an industry fund .
The existing limits on liability are 20 years old , dating from the Exxon Valdez spill off Alaska .
However , those limits do not apply if it is found that BP was negligent or had violated government regulations at the time the Gulf of Mexico rig exploded .
Tony Hayward , BP 's chief executive , refused to comment on the proposal yesterday .
He has said the company will bear the costs of the clean - up and any " legitimate " claims arising from those who have lost their livelihoods .
" We will absolutely be paying for the clean - up operation .
There is no doubt about that .
It 's our responsibility ‚ we accept it fully . "
He said the firm would also be prepared to pay individuals .
" Where legitimate claims are made , we will be good for them . "
But Menendez and others argue that $ 75 m will not begin to pay for the lost livelihoods of shrimpers and others in the fisheries industries .
" We 're glad that the costs for the oil clean - up will be covered , but that 's little consolation to the small businesses , fisheries , and local governments , " he said .
Environmental activists are also looking closely at how to recover costs relating to the spill .
To date , BP faces 20 lawsuits arising from the spill .
In Mississippi , attention has focused on the high number of sea turtles washed up dead along the state 's beaches in the past three days .
The Institute for Marine Mammal Studies in Gulfport has done necropsies on the turtles , but the first round found no visible traces of oil .
A spokeswoman said more examinations were being done on tissue samples to see if there were hydrocarbons at a microscopic level .
Though experts have been struck by the large number of turtles , " at least 31 in latest counts " , they point out that now is the season when the animals come close to shore and can get caught in fishing nets and suffocate .
Moby Solangi , director of the institute , said the heightened degree of public alertness in the wake of the oil crisis might also explain why more dead turtles were reported this year .
BP said the oil slick was not expected to reach land for a few more days .
" It 's still offshore ... Right now we 're not showing landfall for three days , " its chief operating officer Doug Suttles said yesterday .
SSD Support In Microsoft Windows 7
Microsoft Windows 7 is the first Windows operating system to include native support for solid state drives ( SSDs ) .
SSD - specific features that ship in Windows 7 include :
SSD Identification - SSDs are identified as non-rotating media , which allows Windows 7 to turn drive defragmentation off .
This improves drive lifespan by reducing the number of writes .
TRIM Support - Windows 7 will inform the SSD which data blocks are no longer in use and can be deleted internally .
This reduces the amount of internal fragmentation which can greatly slow down write operations .
Enhanced Wear - Leveling -
By eliminating merge operations for all deleted data blocks , and preserving the unused storage area as much as possible .
Early Garbage Collection - Improves write speeds , especially when the SSD storage capacity is fully utilized .
These SSD - specific optimizations make Windows 7 the best operating system for solid state drives .
But just how much of a boost in SSD performance can we expect from upgrading to Windows 7 ?
That 's exactly what we intend to find out .
The Testbed
The Solid State Drives
Support Tech ARP !
If you like our work , you can help support out work by visiting our sponsors , participate in the Tech ARP Forums , or even donate to our fund .
Any help you can render is greatly appreciated !
The Palestinian Authority has offered surprising concessions to Israel regarding borders for a future state , the Wall Street Journal reported on Friday .
Open gallery view U.S. envoy George Mitchell and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah on May 19 , 2010
In the framework of proximity peace talks now being mediated by the United States ' special Middle East envoy George Mitchell , Palestinian negotiators have reportedly offered to match and even double the amount of West Bank land that Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas offered to former prime minister Ehud Olmert during their one - on - one talks in 2008 .
During those talks , Abbas offered Olmert to exchange 1.9 % of West Bank land for an equal amount of Israeli territory .
Olmert countered with a much higher demand of his own , which the current reported offer would still not come close to matching .
Palestinian officials told The Wall Street Journal that the unexpected proposal was being made due to their assumption that Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was not serious about reaching a final - status deal within the indirect negotiations .
Palestinian chief negotiator Saeb Erekat said his government was approaching the proximity talks in good faith and " are not going to waste Mitchell 's time .
" We want Mr. Mitchell to succeed because his success is our freedom , " he said .
But Erekat later denied the Journal 's report that they had offered extra concessions , according to Israel 's Channel 10 News .
Mitchell was in the region this week for talks with Abbas and Netanyahu .
A statement from Netanyahu 's office said they had discussed during their meetingsthe possibility of gestures toward the Palestinians .
No details were given , but the gestures seemed likely connected to easing movement for Palestinians in the West Bank .
This article from Politico about the RNC’s ‘ Young Eagle ’ program , the one that got them in trouble with the faux - lesbian bondage club , is truly hilarious and a must - read .
The upshot seems to be that a lot of young guys — and yes , pretty much just guys , it seems — with lots of money managed to do a lot of partying on the RNC ’s dime without sharing that many dimes with the RNC .
Basically you could pay a relatively small sum in contributions — a few thousand dollars or maybe less — and then be okayed in to all the Young Eagles events , many of which cost a lot to put on .
Obviously the way this is supposed to work is that you give these richies a lot of free stuff and they end up giving you back a whole lot more in political contributions .
But apparently no one was watching the inflows and outflows very closely .
Even funnier are the descriptions of just why the program is necessary and the pained laments of young rightwingers trying to make their way in a world as conservatives when all the cool stars they want to chill with are Democrats .
“ Everything that ’s cool from a pop culture perspective is Democratic — whether it ’s Kanye West or Bruce Springsteen — and with younger conservatives , a good event is often a big way to help sell , ” said the former Young Eagle , who left the program in 2008 .
Traditional fundraising events such as golf and tennis outings do n’t quite cut it with young donors , he said .
“ How many times can you go to the U.S. Open ? ” The Young Eagles are “ a fun group , ” the former member said .
“ If you ’ve got a little insecurity complex , but you ’ve got money — what a cool group to hang out with . ”
Reading this piece I found it hard to tell whether this was just a good way to blow a lot of money on events for rich kids who did n’t actually give much money or some sort of nerd empowerment program gone terribly wrong .
Jacob Kaplan - Moss keynote : respect the pony ¶
Django has the pony mascot .
The start was at a hilarious talk on “ why I hate Django ” where a street sign with a unicorn and the warning “ magical powers ” was shown .
A led to B and we now have a pink pony as a mascot and we use it a lot .
From a small project in the basement of a newspaper , Django now has 17 k django - user mailing list members and 5.7 k django - developers members .
The django - users mailing list is still growing exponentially …
And the website gets about half a million unique hits per month .
And there ’s a whole ecosystem of companies working on and with Django .
Successful beyond our wildest dreams .
So : what comes after success ?
The amount of success we ’re having is starting to get a bit scary .
Where ’s the trend line going ?
Are we stagnating ?
Are we slowly receding ?
Are we continuing our growth ?
Jacob often compares Django to Rails .
Despite differences , they share a lot of similarities .
They both originated about the same time .
Rails went open source about a year earlier , so they hit bumps in the road about a year earlier than Django does .
So we can learn from some problems that they have :
Language in flux .
( Hey , Python 3 ) .
Challenged by micro frameworks .
Worried about community fracture .
A stressful relationship between the framework and language communities .
( Problem for Rails : Django and Python ’s relation is much better ) .
Some problems that we have :
Exponential growth in the user community and linear growth in your developer community .
So the users are far , far outstripping what the developers are able to do .
The web is in flux .
NoSQL is taking up fast .
Which can be a problem with Django ’s original sql-only approach .
And what about html5 , client side storage , etcetera ?
It is in any case a challenge of what we know .
Jacob ’s tip : challenge yourself by examining all those nifty new scary technologies .
Tension over priorities .
Do we want to be easy to use and start and allow applications to grow to enterprise level ?
It is a fine line to walk .
Relation with the Python community : we ’re perceived as being insular .
Something important here is ego .
( Almost ) nobody is paid to work directly on Django .
So recognition and pats on the back are important .
Jacob tries to stay modest ( which mostly works ) , but he ’s not modest about Django .
Django is great .
Django is awesome .
“ Hey , Nasa uses Django ” .
We must be careful not to be intimidating .
As core developers , for instance , we ’re way too careful with handing out the keys to the kingdom ( read : subversion commit access ) .
We ’re way to impressed with ourselves .
Our way is the best way as we ’re going that way .
So : this is why the Django pony is important .
We have a stupid silly mascot .
We program in a language named after a British comedy troupe .
We need to embrace the pony .
We need to be a whole lot more silly .
So that ’s why Jacob just gave a whole serious talk about the need to be silly :-)
Jacob ’s challenge for us : be modest .
Look familiar ?
I ’m starting to think the two were separated at birth .
But I ’m pretty sure if Hedwig was a real person she would totally be best friends with Lady GaGa .
Speaking of the Lady , she has out done herself yet again .
Her new video for “ Telephone , ” a collaboration with the none other than the Queen B herself , features girl - on - girl gropes , packing references and butches ( There are n’t ever butches , let alone presented in a positive manner ! ) , to name a few things .
And the dance breakdowns give a whole new meaning to the phrase “ Cell Block Tango . ”
But the most surprising part of this queer overload is GaGa and Beyonce seem to be lovers on the run , in almost a Thelma and Louise fashion .
To be honest , I did n’t know Beyonce had it in her .
While there have been queerer scenarios put on film , there has n’t been anything this subversively queer on this large of a scale in quite some time .
The video may appear frivolous to some — and it does have its issues , like gratuitous violence — but it is incredibly radical as far as pop culture goes .
Oh , and trust me , if GaGa ever was in the slammer , people across America would go on crime sprees just to spend some time locked up with the Lady .
Check out the cavalcade of queerness below .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
New York state could yet be the venue of a United States Grand Prix , after details emerged this week of plans to host a race at the Monticello Motor Club - 90 minutes from Manhattan .
Just a few weeks after a bid to hold a race in New Jersey was scuppered when the mayor ruled it out , it has been revealed that talks are underway for a race at the venue that is located at the foot of the Catskill Mountains .
American publication Autoweek has published a letter from Ari Strauss , the president of the Monticello Motor Club , who talks about meeting F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone and having hosted F1 track architect Hermann Tilke at the venue .
In the letter , Strauss says : " A few months ago , [ MMC chairman ] Bill McMichael and I met with Bernie Ecclestone , President / CEO of Formula One Management ( FOM ) , and discussed the terms for an exclusive 10 - year United States Grand Prix to be hosted at MMC .
" Shortly thereafter , Hermann Tilke , the chief engineer and circuit designer for F1 , spent time at MMC and confirmed that our track and surrounding properties , with some expansion and minor track modifications , is an excellent location for a Grand Prix
" Since receiving a letter of understanding from FOM confirming their hope to bring the U.S. Grand Prix to Monticello , Bill and I have continued to secure the backing and support of local , state , and federal politicians and organizations . "
Despite the hopes expressed by Ecclestone , Strauss does admit that it is far from certain an F1 deal can be pulled off .
" Securing F1 is like winning the Olympics , competition is fierce , and this is not a done deal , " he added .
" While the prospect of F1 at MMC is exciting , we remain focused on our core business : the club and its members . "
The Monticello venue is 4.1 miles long , and features 22 corners .
But nothing is entering or leaving Gaza , and now the funds to purchase what is available there are also drying up , bringing the dire situation of its people to a new and febrile crisis .
Karni is officially closed because the Israeli army has declared a security alert for the Jewish Passover holiday .
Yet it has barely been open this year .
The effect is a paralysis of Gaza 's commerce and severe shortages of basic foods .
Not that the locals are in a position to buy what food there is .
There is little money because the European Union , Canada and the United States have stopped funding the aid - dependent Palestinian Authority , which can no longer pay its staff 's wages .
The result is that families are existing on tiny amounts of money and businesses are facing collapse .
Palestinian areas in the West Bank face similar difficulties , but the situation in Gaza is much more severe .
John Ging , the Gaza director of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency , said that , while he did not expect people to starve , ' the clock is ticking towards a crisis ' .
To add further misery , in retaliation for militants firing home - made Qassam rockets at Israel , the Israel Defence Force has bombarded the north of Gaza with thousands of artillery shells .
Gazans fear external pressures will lead to domestic unrest in which the situation is used as a weapon against Hamas by supporters of Fatah who have not accepted January 's electoral defeat .
Confronted with the crisis facing Palestinian society , Russia broke ranks with fellow mediators the EU and Washington yesterday by promising emergency aid to save the authority from complete bankruptcy .
It came as the first anti-government protests took place in Khan Yunis in Gaza , when about 50 policemen , most of them Fatah supporters , blocked Gaza 's main artery to demand the government pay their salaries or step aside .
Yesterday dozens more stormed a government building and blocked roads .
At the root of Gaza 's problems is Israel 's determination to force Hamas to recognise the state of Israel and renounce violence .
Israel has been joined in its efforts by Britain , the EU and the US .
Hamas militants have been on a ceasefire for 16 months but they are determined to withhold recognition of Israel at least until it withdraws from occupied Palestinian territory .
Israel 's policy was summed up by Dov Weisglass , an adviser to Ehud Olmert , the Israeli Prime Minister , earlier this year .
' The idea is to put the Palestinians on a diet , but not to make them die of hunger , ' he said .
The hunger pangs are supposed to encourage the Palestinians to force Hamas to change its attitude towards Israel or force Hamas out of government .
But it is not certain that the Palestinian reality will conform to the Israeli theory .
Even if the wage bill is finally paid - with Russia 's help - analysts believe it will only provide a short respite until the same problem arises next month .
Mohammed Salah , 38 , a barber in the Jabalia refugee camp said that the economic crisis was 'a conspiracy from inside and outside against Hamas .
Things are very low at the moment , but if we give up thieves will take over the government , ' he said .
He estimated that his takings had fallen by 50 per cent .
' I do n't turn anyone away .
They pay what they can when they can , ' he said .
And while many supporters of Fatah are enjoying the discomfort of Hamas , they are not enjoying the problems that accompany it .
Adib Yusef , 44 , and his brother , Ahab , 37 , are Fatah supporters who are responsible for a joint household of 14 - four adults and 10 children .
Recently Ahab and his wife and three children moved in with his brother to share the rent and bills of £ 112 per month .
Adid is unemployed , but does odd jobs when he can , and Ahab is a carpenter with the Ministry of Public Works , earning £ 218 per month .
Adib 's eldest son is a policeman and is paid £ 192 , which all goes to the family .
The wages for February were paid two weeks late in March and there is no indication as to when the March wages will be paid .
Adib says the family normally exists on £ 7.50 per day , but at the moment they are making do on £ 1.25 .
All their savings and assets have been used up .
Ahab owes £ 3,750 to a bank for his wedding .
Adib , who is smoking a cigarette he has just bought for six pence , says that the family are existing on handouts from acquaintances .
' We eat potatoes , tomatoes and other vegetables that we can buy cheaply .
The problem is not so much what is happening now , but that there is no hope on the horizon , ' he said .
Ahab is quick to blame Hamas for the current predicament .
' Hamas used to give out charity coupons , but now they have to give out wages and they find out it is not so easy , ' he said .
Adib , like many non-Hamas supporters , also blames the West .
' They ask for democracy and then they do not like the result , ' he said .
Even before the authority 's wages crisis , the economy was in dire straits because of the Israeli closure of Gaza .
More than 3,000 containers of goods have been stuck at the Karni crossing and the port of Ashdod in Israel for months .
The majority of Gaza 's farm produce did not reach its markets and had to be sold at a fraction of its value locally .
For those families who do not have a wage to rely on , the UN relief agency is their life support system .
The agency , which was set up in 1948 to cater for the needs of Palestinian refugees , is responsible for 962,000 registered refugees in Gaza and 735,000 of them receive food aid .
' We are living with the consequences of an unprecedented period of closure .
We have contingency plans for this event but they have been exhausted , ' he said .
' We have run out of reserves , there is a pressure pot of of frustration compounded by the intensity of shelling , and in the midst of all this we have had avian flu and not a shekel has been offered in compensation to the farmers who have lost their livestock , ' he said
Raji Serani , director of the Palestinian Centre for Human Rights , said that the ultimate effect could be to silence moderate voices .
' I have no idea where this will end , but I fear it will be bleak and black , ' he said .
Let Me Take You Shooting
The Obama Administration has ordered the construction of new units at the detention center of the U.S. air base in Bagram .
The detention center at the U.S. military ’s Bagram Air Base has been called ‘ The Other Guantánamo ” and it ’s expanding , Nathan Hodge reports at Wired today .
He reports :
In a solicitation issued today , the U.S. military put out a request for a contractor to build three new detention housing units next to the existing facility , known formally as the Afghan National Detention Facility at Parwan ( Bagram is in the southwest corner of Parwan Province ) .
As of last September , 645 prisoners were held there ….
Presumably , these new buildings are in addition to Bagram ’s separate and previously clandestine detention facility , revealed by the International Committee of the Red Cross yesterday .
Nine former prisoners say they were abused there , according to the BBC … .
Back in 2002 , two Bagram detainees died in a prisoner - abuse scandal .
And last year , The New York Times reported the existence of a “ black jail ” at Bagram that was kept off limits to the Red Cross .
The military has maintained that there is no separate facility at Bagram :
In a bloggers ’ roundtable earlier this year , Navy Vice Adm .
Robert Harward emphasized that there were “ no black jails ” at Bagram , but he did clarify that there was a short period of detention at undisclosed “ field - detention sites , ” where Afghan and U.S. authorities hold individuals to determine who they are and whether they have any actionable intelligence … .
It ’s worth emphasizing here that humane treatment of prisoners is considered a cornerstone of effective counterinsurgency .
The idea is to prevent further radicalization of detainees , and turning detention facilities into recruiting centers for the insurgency .
In the roundtable , Harward borrowed a phrase from counterinsurgency guru David Kilcullen .
The goal is to prevent the “ accidental guerrillas ” from filling up the facility .
Damien Corsetti , known as “ Monster ” and “ King of Torture ” , was stationed at Bagram and has been documented as having been a executor of extremely inhumane policy during his assignment .
Sergeant Joshua
Claus testified last week that while stationed at Bagram in 2002 , he told then - 15 - year old Omar Khadr he would likely be raped in an American prison .
Mr. Khadr , a born Canadian citizen , is being tried in a military commission — charged with the war crime after being kidnapped by the U.S. military and confessing to killing a U.S. serviceman with a grenade .
The confession , his lawyers contend , was a result of torture and should be inadmissible .
Also , there is no evidence said serviceman died from a grenade and the report on his death was altered .
Sgt. Claus identified himself as one of Mr. Khadr ’s interrogators in a 2008 interview , where he denied torturing the young boy .
He did not incriminate himself in is testimony this week .
He pleaded guilty in 2005 after being charged with assault , prisoner maltreatment and lying to investigators .
He was the last reported man to have interrogated Dilawar — the innocent 22 - year - old , 5 ’ 9 ″ , 122 lbs .
Afghan taxi driver — who was tortured to death while in U.S. detention at Bagram .
The U.S. at the air base in Afghanistan was brought to the public eye in the 2007 Oscar - winning documentary Taxi to the Dark Side .
“ Dilawar ’s last interrogation eroded into more abuse and assault and he was returned to his cell and re-shackled , ” according to an amicus brief submitted by the Project to Enforce the Geneva Conventions .
“ Dilawar was found dead the next morning . ”
The Red Cross recently documented many confirmations of Bagram ’s existence , but has long requested access and also has excessive documentation toward alleged abuses and the perpetuity of that abuse during the Obama Administration .
Democrats in Congress have added $ 173 billion in new spending to the federal deficit in just three months since they passed a law requiring that any new expenditures be offset by cuts elsewhere in the budget .
They will try this week to add another $ 197 billion in two separate measures .
The House is expected to vote Wednesday on a package of extensions in government aid to unemployed Americans , Medicaid funding for states , and tax breaks that will add $ 134 billion to the $ 1.4 trillion deficit .
The Senate is expected to vote this week on a $ 63 billion supplemental spending bill .
Half of that amount would go to the war in Afghanistan .
The rest is for aid to Haiti , settlement of land claims with American Indians and discrimination claims of black farmers , compensation of war veterans exposed to Agent Orange , foreign aid to Afghanistan , Iraq and Pakistan , and replenishment of the government ’s disaster relief fund .
Republicans , who oppose some of the spending outright , say that at the very least all but the $ 33 billion that the Pentagon needs to continue funding a surge of 30,000 U.S. troops to Afghanistan should be offset by spending cuts .
“ Anything that ’s not directly related to fighting the wars should be paid for , ” said Sen. John Thune , South Dakota Republican .
Some of the extenders bill is paid for .
The extenders bill actually has a higher price tag than $ 134 bill , according to the Congressional Budget Office .
The full cost is $ 174 billion .
But the measure does create $ 40 billion in revenues .
So far , it appears that Democrats plan to escape their own rules that require them to offset all new spending by declaring the measures to be “ emergency spending . ”
New spending can also be offset by tax increases under what is known as pay - as - you - go rules , but Republicans oppose tax hikes most of the time and say the problem is too much spending .
Many Democrats believe tax increases are necessary but realize that they are highly unpopular with voters .
Another $ 23 billion in emergency spending on the nation ’s schools is waiting in the wings as well .
Aware that moves toward spending discipline are needed at a time when the national debt is approaching the $ 13 trillion mark and deficits are slated to add another $ 10 trillion to that over the next decade , President Obama on Monday proposed to Congress legislation that would allow him to pick items out of legislation sent to him by Congress and mark them for elimination .
The measure would give Congress final veto power , however , over whether the president ’s cuts are approved or rejected .
The measure is not expected to be passed by Congress .
When Congress passed PAYGO legislation in February saying they would not spend any more taxpayer money without cutting fat out of the budget elsewhere , Obama hailed lawmakers for committing the country to fiscal responsibility .
“ The United States of America should pay as we go and live within our means again — just like responsible families and businesses do , ” Obama said on Feb. 18 , a few days after signing statutory PAYGO into law .
PAYGO was first enacted in 1990 , with even stricter rules than the current law , but expired in 2002 .
When Democrats regained control of Congress in 2007 they put PAYGO rules in place but those did not carry the weight of law and were flouted constantly .
At a town hall meeting in New Hampshire two weeks before PAYGO passed , Obama said of the new law : “ That ’s how we ’ll get our deficit under control . ”
“ That ’s something that Democrats and Republicans should be able to agree to — if we could just stop playing politics , get past the Washington game , ” Obama said .
Only not so much .
Since Congress passed PAYGO , Democrats have added $ 173 billion in new spending without cutting anything to offset it , according to a tally by Republicans in the Senate .
Republican senators have on a few occasions tried to block the spending , but with almost no success .
Thune , the GOP ’s chief deputy whip in the Senate , said that in particular when the extenders bill comes to the Senate later this week , “ there is n’t anybody , I think , in our conference who is going to abide $ 150 billion in spending that ’s going to be added to the debt . ”
Thune suggested that unused and unobligated funds from the $ 787 billion stimulus bill , passed a year ago , be redirected to pay for the new spending .
The Obama administration and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , Nevada Democrat , did not respond to requests for comment .
Email Jon Ward and follow him on Twitter
Upset CBS reporter to Barack Obama : “ Any plans for a real press conference ? ”
According to the official
White house schedule the president of the United States and Mexican President Felipe Calderon were scheduled to hold a joint press conference yesterday afternoon , but when both men had finished speaking they walked away without taking any questions from the press .
This hardly constitutes a press conference .
This is becoming the norm as of late with Barack Obama , he has not taken questions from the press in I do n’t even know how long .
The press is finally beginning to get tired of Barack Obama ’s slights , after all Barack Obama owes the press for his becoming president .
If the press had done their job in the first place and had reported on all of Barack Obama ’s radical associations this man would never have been elected .
But they ignored all of the questions of his past , thusly ensuring his election .
They obviously thought that Barack Obama owed them and that he would be the open and honest president that he promised he would be , they have nobody to blame for themselves for their naivety .
Barack Obama was friendly with the press when he needed them , but now that he feels as if he does n’t need them he suddenly does not care about them .
The press thought that Barack Obama really liked them , but in reality he was only using them as a pawn in his game .
This has to be humbling for the media .
Many of us have been wondering how long it would take the press to turn on Barack Obama and we may be seeing the first signs that this is about to happen .
An upset reporter from CBS sarcastically yelled to the president as he and Felipe Calderon walked away , “ any plans for a real press conference ? ”
This may just be a small crack in the relationship between Barack Obama and the media , but it is a crack and if Barack Obama does n’t do something to appease the media , it could turn into a fissure that will grow over time .
Barack Obama may be falling out of favor with the very people who are responsible for his election .
Acupuncture eases pain in the limbs because it releases a natural molecule called adenosine , neuroscientists in the United States reported on Sunday .
The mechanism was discovered through experiments in lab mice , which were given an injection of an inflammation - inducing chemical in their right paw .
The researchers inserted fine needles below the midline of the mice ’s knee , at a well - known acupuncture location called the Zusanli point .
ADVERTISEMENT
They rotated the needle gently every five minutes for 30 minutes , mimicking a standard acupuncture treatment .
During and just after this operation , levels of adenosine in the tissues surrounding the needle surged 24 - fold .
The mouse ’s discomfort — measurable by the rodents ’ response time to touch and heat — was reduced by two - thirds , they found .
The same test was carried out on mice that had been genetically engineered to lack adenosine .
The acupuncture failed to have any effect , and the mice reacted in discomfort , as before .
The team then experimented with an adenosine booster .
They gave mice a leukaemia drug called deoxycoformycin , which makes it harder for tissues to remove adenosine .
As a result , levels of adenosine accumulated in the muscles , nearly tripling the duration of the acupuncture ’s effectiveness .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Acupuncture has been a mainstay of medical treatment in certain parts of the world for 4,000 years , but because it has not been understood completely , many people have remained skeptical , ” said Maiken Nedergaard of the University of Rochester Medical Center in New York , who headed the research .
Previous work has focussed on acupuncture ’s effectiveness on the central nervous system — the trunk of nerves in the spinal cord and brain — rather than the peripheral nervous system .
In the central nervous system , acupuncture creates signals that cause the brain to produce powerful anti-pain chemicals called endorphins .
ADVERTISEMENT
The paper is published by the journal Nature Neuroscience .
I 've been in Oil and Gas Production ( all upstream ) and Exploration for over 30 years .
My salary is a little bigger than God's , which is okay because I 'm more useful than he is .
I 'm a better cook than God is too , but lets get back on subject here .
Booming School .
Not only is Oil Spill Booming a large industry in the USA , teaching Oil Spill Booming is a large industry in the USA .
Most of BP 's production and pipeline employees in the USA have attended at least one booming school .
Many have attended two or three .
Most oil and gas production employees in the USA have attended booming school .
Some of us have attended really good , really extensive , week or two - week booming schools .
BP 's production employees have attended the best booming schools .
I know this .
I 've seen them there .
BP 's drilling folks have mostly not attended booming school .
They 're sometimes sent to booming school , but they fuck off in the bar and their bosses sign off on that being okay .
Because for Drilling Hands , booming is for pussies .
This is a generalization .
Not all drilling hands think that , but most of them do and I guarantee BP 's drilling executives think that booming is for pussies -- and that 's if they think about booming at all or even know what it is .
That 's not so shocking .
In the major oil companies , there are likely a few drilling executives that do n't even know what drilling is .
I 'm not kidding .
There 's good BP drilling people who would , in private , back me up on that .
Fucking Nomenclature
Since this is your first day of DKos Booming school , you HAVE to fight lets go over some important definitions and oilfield grammar .
Rope is not rope .
It is fucking rope .
All of it .
Every yard of rope is fucking rope .
Every section of boom is fucking boom .
An anchor block is not an anchor block .
It is a fucking anchor block .
You get the idea .
Later , when you 're accustomed to all of this , you can substitute " goddamed " , " motherfucking " , " piece - of - shit - c*nt " ( never understood that one myself ) or " cocksucking " for fucking .
But for now , it 's all fucking .
Fucking Boom
Generally , boom is long and bright bright orange or yellow .
It is not bright bright orange or yellow so you can see it , dear fledgling boomer , but so Governors , Senators , Presidents and The Media can see it .
It has a round floaty part that floats , and a flat " skirt " that sinks .
A RULE : the floaty part never floats high enough and the skirt never rides low enough .
Some oil will ALWAYS go over the boom and some will ALWAYS go under it .
Our task is to MINIMIZE both !
We do that by fucking proper fucking booming .
Here .
This picture teaches you almost 100 % of what you 'll learn in DKos Booming School , about fucking proper fucking booming :
I lost my one copy of Photoshop , had to learn Gimp , and so the quality is sorta piece - of - shit - c*nt , but you get the idea .
It 's fucking obvious .
Boom is not meant to contain or catch oil .
Boom is meant to divert oil .
Boom must always be at an angle to the prevailing wind - wave action or surface current .
Boom , at this angle , must always be layered in a fucking overlapped sort - of way with another string of boom .
Boom must always divert oil to a catch basin or other container , from where it can be REMOVED FROM THE FUCKING AREA .
Looks kinda involved , does n't it ?
It is .
But if fucking proper fucking booming is done properly , you can remove most , by far most of the oil from a shoreline and you can do it day after day , week after week , month after month .
You can prevent most , by far most of the shoreline from ever being touched by more than a few transient molecules of oil .
Done fucking properly , a week after the oil stops coming ashore , no one , man nor beast , can ever tell there has been oil anywhere near that shoreline .
In practice , there 's a reason the best booming schools last weeks .
Different types of shoreline , different shapes , require different configurations .
Your numerous anchor points ( for this spill those would be 1 - yard cement blocks with tie - off buoys ) need to be chosen so the boom - tenders ( you ) can adjust the ropes , slanting the booms this way and that to account for changes in wind and current .
Booms are tended 24/7 , by the way .
BUT ... just having learned what you 've learned here today , DKos Boomer , you know enough of the CONCEPT to figure it out .
You get it .
You could go out there and watch how the ping - pong balls ( your test - oil ) glide along the boom .
You could see where they miss the catch basins and you could adjust and re-configure and you could perform fucking proper fucking booming .
By the third day of actual booming , no one on this planet would be better than you .
So if you understand it , and all these production employees understand it ( we 're talking tens of thousands of people here ) , then why is most or all of the booming along the Gulf ... being done wrong ?
Great Fucking Question , DKos Boomer !
The booming is being run by a company that concentrates on drilling and booming is for pussies .
Production employees were not invited because they would just cause trouble .
This is a drilling operation so just fuck off .
There 's not enough boom , rope nor anchor on this planet to properly boom the Northern Gulf of Mexico .
There should be !
It 's not that much an expense !
Really !
It 's not !
They said they were ready !
Having enough materials to perform fucking proper fucking booming , IS part of being ready !
THEY'RE NOT READY !
ARE THEY ?
Governors , Senators , Presidents and most of all the Piece - Of - Shit - C*nt Media do n't know what fucking proper fucking booming LOOKS LIKE !
So you can just lay a single line of neon - glo - orange boom out parallel to the shore , for miles , with anchor points every quarter - mile to where a good part of it washes up onto the shore like a huge , dead , orange nightcrawler ... and they wo n't know the difference !
Where it manages to stay off the bank , a little two - foot chop you would let your kids frolic in will send all the oil either over or under it !
ALL THE OIL !
ON THE SHORE !
IN THE REEDS !
ON THE BEACH !
IN THE NESTS !
OIL !
So what !
It 's not gonna make CNN send a single correspondent to booming school , is it ?
Now the Coast Guard ?
They know booming .
They know what fucking proper fucking booming looks like .
Coast Guard commandant , Adm . Thad Allen should be fired .
Today .
Now .
This minute .
Before he can give another press conference echoing what BP said not five minutes before him .
Then he should be fucking court - martialed and fucking sent to prison before BP can give him a goddamned fucking job .
He 's a shameless piece of shit .
And so is President Obama if he can't see that .
People who know me and how I 've supported our President through thick and thin , know how hard it was for me to write that .
I 'm literally on the verge of tears , right this second .
But I wo n't erase it .
There it is .
HERE it is .
I could n't find any pics of fucking proper fucking booming from along the Gulf , because there are n't any .
Oh , and by the way , BP !
There are days if not weeks worth of video of each of those 3 leaks .
Yet you show us 10 seconds of the smallest one , the one you plugged , your only success .
Now you 're going to try a Junk Shot and / or a Top Kill .
You say you know either of these could make the leaks worse , possibly much worse .
Well , show us the goddam leaks before and after .
We have a right to know if you made it worse and we 're tired of taking your word for anything .
Just try to maintain that it 's YOUR footage and you do n't have to show us .
Just try that .
In front of Congress .
It 's OUR seafloor !
Not Yours !
Our footage !
Not Yours !
UPDATE : All media contacts , please consult actual booming experts .
There are about a hundred .
If you can't find one in time for your show tonight , you 're a fucking bad journalist .
Now , finding one that 's not afraid of BP ?
That might be a challenge , but you 're fucking up to it .
( please help me with my tags -- I suck at meta -- fuck !
I suck at diaries ! )
About 300 of the 3,000 - member class showed up , many with their grown children in tow , not to mention unfinished business .
“ That was a big deal , ” Dr. Marcia Wells Avery , one of three black nursing students in the class of 1970 , said of her canceled graduation .
“ It was worse for the parents and the grandparents , many of whom are dead now and were robbed of that opportunity to see their child march across that stage . ”
“ My father vowed that B.U. would never get a penny from him , ” added Dr. Avery , who is now a nursing professor at Northwestern State University in Louisiana .
Still , Dr. Avery was enjoying the weekend .
She decided to drop by the bookstore and “ buy up all the B.U. paraphernalia ” she could find .
She said she would even consider making a future donation to the school .
And by the end of the ceremonies on Sunday , she was beaming .
“ It ’s O.K. , ” she said .
“ I feel complete . ”
Although officials avoided any mention of fund - raising during the weekend , many class members assumed that this was one of the university ’s long - term goals as it sought to strengthen its bonds with this class , many of them professionals , many on the verge of retirement .
Scott Nichols , the university ’s chief fund - raiser , said that “ there is no plan afterward to swoop in . ”
However , he added : “ These students had this strange moment in time .
Why not treat them nicely ?
In a fund - raising sense , you never go wrong treating people nicely and there ’s always payback , but we have no solicitation strategy . ”
The jury was not told that , after the girl had given evidence , the judge expressed misgivings about the process , saying : “ I do n’t think anyone who has sat through this trial would think for a moment that the system that we employ is ideal .
However , the reality remains that we have a witness who said one thing and has now said completely the opposite ... if you had an adult witness who said what this girl said the Crown would not be proceeding . ”
Hero Core
Genre : Action / Adventure
Content : Mild fantasy violence
Original release : 2010
Download Version 1.4 ( 22 July 2013 )
Download Mac Version 1.3 ( 14 May 2012 ) ported by Leon Arnott
Watch trailer
Flip
Hero returns for the final battle against his nemesis , Cruiser Tetron - but can he really stop the reign of the machine warlord for all time ?
Like the first game , the graphics are black and white , the controls are simple and the gameplay is easy to learn .
The nonlinear game world allows you to tackle the boss machines in nearly any order , or head straight for Tetron 's headquarters if you 're skilled enough .
The " Normal " difficulty is about as tough as the first Hero , while " Hard " features a different game world and enemy patterns that will tax even the veterans .
You can also turn off the map , if you want to draw your own , and the optional language " Retro " mimics the English translations of older games .
Beating the game on either difficulty unlocks a bonus screen with additional game modes , maps etc.
Getting 100 % computers , bosses and exploration will only add dots to the end of your savefile , rather than unlocking more stuff .
Thanks to Brother Android for the game 's music !
You can also download the soundtrack on his page .
Back to the games menu
People are n't the only living things that suffer from stress .
Trees must deal with stress too .
It can come from a lack of water or too much water , from scarcity of a needed nutrient , from pollution or a changing climate .
Helping trees and crops adapt to stress quickly and efficiently is a pressing goal of plant biologists worldwide .
Now research led by Michigan Technological University scientists has identified the molecular mechanism that Populus -- the scientific name for common poplars , cottonwoods and aspens -- uses to adapt to changing soil conditions , as well as some of the genes that turn the process off or on .
They hope to apply what they 've learned to find ways to use biotechnology or selective breeding to modify the trees to make them more stress - tolerant .
" Our hope is that by understanding how this works , we can manipulate the system so the plants can adapt faster and better to stressful conditions , " explained Victor Busov , associate professor in Michigan Tech 's School of Forest Resources and Environmental Science and senior author on a paper published in the March 2010 issue of the journal The Plant Cell .
Busov and colleagues at Michigan Tech , the University of Georgia , Oregon State University and the Beijing Forestry University in China analyzed thousands of genes in the Populus genome , the only tree genome that has been completely sequenced .
They were searching for the mechanism that regulates the plant 's decision to grow tall or to spread its roots out in an extensive underground exploration system that can sample the soil near and far until it finds what the rest of the plant needs .
The key players turned out to be a family of hormones called gibberellins , referred to by the scientists as GAs .
" GAs ' role in root development is poorly understood , " said Busov , " and the role of GAs in lateral root formation is almost completely unknown . "
Lateral roots are the tangle of tiny roots that branch out from the primary root of a plant .
" They are the sponges , " Busov explained , " the ones that go looking for nutrients , for water -- the ones that do most of the work . "
The researchers found that GAs interact with other plant hormones such as auxin to tell the plant whether to concentrate on reaching for the sky or on building a bigger , better network of roots under ground .
" The GAs and auxin are definitely talking , molecularly , " said Busov .
Growing poplar seedlings mutated to make them GA - deficient , the scientists compared their root and stem growth to others that contained moderate amounts of GAs and a control group of wild - type plants with normal GAs .
They found that the more GAs , the more a plant 's stem flourished , but its roots remained spindly .
When GA production was shut down , either by using mutants that lacked the necessary genes or by silencing the genes that form the molecular on - off switch , the resulting plants looked dwarfed , but their lateral roots grew luxuriant and full .
Application of GA to the GA - deficient dwarf plants rapidly reversed the process .
The plants grew tall , but their lateral root systems shriveled .
" Clearly , lack of the hormone promotes growth below ground , while the hormone itself promotes growth above ground , " said Busov .
" This is a natural mechanism that we do n't know much about .
It 's always a tradeoff between growth above ground and growth below ground .
Normally there is a fine balance , and this balance is a little disturbed under stress . "
In a commentary on the research published in the same issue of the journal , Kathleen Farquharson , science editor of The Plant Cell , wrote : " This study provides important insights into how plant hormones regulate lateral root development . "
The research was supported in part by grants from the US Department of Energy 's Poplar Genome Based Research for Carbon Sequestration in Terrestrial Ecosystems project ad by the US Department of Agriculture 's National Plant Genome initiative .
The Twitter Cuss O' Meter
How much do you cuss on Twitter ?
GO
This tool is kind of broken , but if someone mails me some delicious snacks I 'll get around to fixing it
Thai troops opened fire on rioting anti-government protesters today as the government tried to throw a security cordon around the protest site occupied for nearly two months by the redshirts .
Bangkok 's commercial district was turned into a battlefield with troops firing teargas , rubber bullets and live rounds at protesters , who returned fire with stones and homemade rockets on roads surrounding the shopping district .
At least three people have been shot dead in the city in the last 24 hours , and more than 40 wounded .
Reuters reported that a Thai photographer and a foreign journalist had also been shot in yesterday 's skirmishes as demonstrators gathered outside the Suan Lum night market to stop soldiers sealing off roads .
A Bangkok - based foreign journalist working for France 24 television station was wounded , the station said , while Reuters said a Thai photographer was also shot .
A renegade general who has been in charge of security for the thousands of protesters is in a stable but critical condition today after being shot in the head last night .
It remains unclear who was responsible for the shooting .
Khattiya Sawasdipol , a suspended army specialist better known as Seh Daeng ( Commander Red ) , underwent brain surgery after being hit , apparently by a sniper , while talking to reporters yesterday evening .
The protesters were forced to retreat last night , leaving burning vehicles in their wake as soldiers took control of an intersection leading to a road lined with evacuated hotels and foreign embassies .
Troops fired rubber bullets into Lumphini park in central Bangkok after gunshots were heard near the protesters ' base , Thailand television said .
Although soldiers used teargas and water cannon before dawn at the Nana intersection and tackled skirmishes around the city , the demonstrators remained defiant , vowing to fight on to the death .
" They are tightening a noose on us but we will fight to the end , brothers and sisters , " a protest leader , Nattawut Saikua , told a cheering crowd of about 10,000 at the main protest site .
Troops have yet to seal all roads leading to the area of luxury hotels and department stores , raising questions as to how soon the government will end the protests .
" An operation to seal off the area has just begun .
It will take time .
We are doing it in a way that does not cause heavy casualties but tightens the protest area , " said a government spokesman , Panitan Wattanayagorn .
The shooting of the general sparked half a dozen confrontations overnight between rock - throwing protesters and armed security forces on the outskirts of the protesters ' barricaded encampment .
One protester was shot in the eye and died after a group of redshirts confronted soldiers armed with assault rifles next to a park in the Silom business district , witnesses said .
Some protesters hurled rocks and troops fired in return .
This morning , the military brought in armoured vehicles , shut down power in some areas at the protest site and cut some mobile phone services .
Khattiya had been branded a terrorist by the Thai government , which accused him of involvement in dozens of grenade attacks that have wounded more than 100 people .
In recent days he was critical of other redshirt leaders , accusing them of embracing the offers of " national reconciliation " from the prime minister , Abhisit Vejjajiva , which unravelled after protesters refused to leave the streets .
Most businesses and embassies , including the British and US embassies , in the area evacuated staff and closed for the day today .
Apartment complexes were mostly empty after the government warned it would shut down power and water supplies , and landlords urged tenants to leave .
The crisis – in which 30 people have been killed since April and more than 1,400 wounded – has paralysed parts of Bangkok and sparked Thailand 's deadliest political violence in 18 years , decimating tourism and pushing away foreign portfolio investors .
The latest violence followed tough security measures imposed last night to reclaim Bangkok 's commercial district after the collapse of the reconciliation plan proposed last week by Abhisit .
The prime minister is under pressure to end the protests , which began with festive rallies on 12 March and descended into violence that is stoking concerns over the outlook of south - east Asia 's second - biggest economy .
The flare - up in violence sent ripples through financial markets and prompted investors to buy government bonds , considered a safe - haven asset , and sell stocks .
The yield on five - year government bonds , which moves inversely to the price , dropped to a nine - month low .
Stocks fell 1.2 % .
By Evo Morales , president of the Plurinational Republic of Bolivia .
April 23 , 2010 -- Los Angeles Times --
When I arrived at the United Nations climate summit in Copenhagen in late last year , the first thing that struck me were environmental activists braving the freezing weather to voice their disappointment at being locked out of the largest ever international meeting on climate change .
Inside the conference , I realised that Bolivia was in a position similar to that of the protesters outside .
We , the representatives of the majority of the world 's peoples , were effectively being left in the cold while a tiny group dominated by a few rich governments met in private to produce an unacceptable compromise ( similar to the approach J. Bradford Delong supported in his April 22 LA Times op - ed article ) .
When asked to add our signature to the badly named " accord " , my government would not compromise its dignity and refused to sign .
As an Indigenous leader from Bolivia , I know what exclusion looks like .
Before 1952 , my people were not allowed to even enter the main squares of Bolivia 's cities , and there were almost no Indigenous politicians in government until the late 1990s .
In 2006 , I entered the presidential palace in the main square of La Paz as the first Indigenous president of Bolivia .
Our government , under the slogan " Bolivia Changes " , is committed to ending the colonialism , racism and exclusion that many of our people lived under for many centuries .
This is why Bolivia will not accept an agreement reached between the world 's biggest polluters that is based on the exclusion of the very countries , communities and peoples who will suffer most from the consequences of climate change .
In fact , some scientists tell us that the Copenhagen Accord could lead to temperature increases that would threaten much of humanity .
This is why I said in Copenhagen that if governments could not come to an agreement because of self - interest or ideology , it is time for the people to decide .
We put that call into action this week by hosting a World People 's Conference on Climate Change in Bolivia , in the heart of the Andes mountains .
We first expected about 10,000 people to attend , but in the end more than 31,000 people were present from more than 140 countries .
Forty - eight governments were represented by heads of state , ministers or other officials .
Everyone came to work , in particular to produce concrete documents and proposals on 17 different themes related to the single most important issue of our lifetime .
United by deep concern and a shared hope , this diverse group of peoples asked the questions that have been largely absent in international meetings :
What are the structural causes of climate change ?
If the human race is to survive , how must it re-think its relationship with Mother Earth ?
How can we as human beings collectively end irrational industrialisation and consumption to cease provoking irreparable harm to our environment ?
In seeking to address these important questions , the human race can benefit from the wisdom of the world 's Indigenous peoples , who understand that we must live in harmony with nature .
The peoples of the Andes believe in the concept of " living well " instead of wanting to " live better " by consuming more regardless of the cost to our neighbours and our environment .
It is with these ancient teachings in mind that , exactly one year ago , the United Nations General Assembly accepted Bolivia 's proposal to celebrate International Mother Earth Day on April 22 , which coincides with the final day of our conference .
We now propose to go one step further and begin collectively drafting a Universal Declaration of the Rights of Mother Earth .
This will establish a legal framework for protecting our increasingly threatened natural environment and raising the global consciousness about Mother Earth , on which we all depend for life .
This was one of many proposals discussed in Cochabamba this week .
During the intense and wide - ranging debates at the People 's Conference , we never expected to immediately agree on a global solution , but we do have the ambition of putting forward concrete proposals that represent a fundamentally democratic , inclusive and equitable approach to addressing climate change .
We invite you to be a part of this urgent , ongoing dialogue , which remains open to all peoples and all governments that co-exist on this unique and fragile planet .
Evo Morales on President Obama : ` I ca n’t believe a Black president can hold so much vengeance against an Indian president '
April 23 , 2010 -- Democracy Now !
AMY GOODMAN : We ’re broadcasting from Bolivia in the town of Tiquipaya , just outside Cochabamba .
On Thursday , the World Peoples ’ Conference on Climate Change and Rights of Mother Earth concluded with a major rally at the Félix Capriles Stadium in Cochabamba featuring Bolivia 's President Evo Morales and Venezuela 's President Hugo Chávez .
Over the past three days of the summit , known here simply as “ La Cumbre ” , seventeen working groups met to discuss various climate - related issues , from climate debt to the dangers of carbon trading .
Last night , summit organisers released an Agreement of the Peoples based on the working group meetings .
Key proposals include the establishment of an international tribunal to prosecute polluters , passage of a Universal Declaration of the Rights of Mother Earth , protection for climate migrants and the full recognition of the UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples .
The peoples ’ summit also condemned a proposed forest program known as REDD , or Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and Degradation .
At Thursday ’s rally , Bolivia 's President Evo Morales called on world leaders to adopt these proposals from the peoples ’ summit .
PRESIDENT EVO MORALES : [ translated ]
If we apply and implement all of the conclusions of this World Conference on the Rights of Mother Earth , Cochabamba will be a hope to the world .
What the governments of developed countries suggest is allowing the Earth to warm two degrees or more .
Clearly , the proposals coming from some are not solutions , but ways to cook all of humanity .
AMY GOODMAN : Bolivia 's President Evo Morales , speaking before over 15,000 people in Cochabamba ’s largest soccer stadium .
In the hours before the rally , supporters of Morales filled the sidewalks of the city .
Morales is the first Indigenous president of Bolivia , and much of his support comes from the majority Indigenous population .
Signs of Bolivia ’s vibrant Indigenous culture were on full display outside and inside the stadium .
Many Indigenous women wore bowler hats and flared skirts .
The sound of pan flutes and the Andean string instrument , the charango , could be heard throughout the stadium as several musical acts gave impromptu performances on the field .
Bolivian women and children sold empanadas and fresh juices .
At the rally , Venezuela 's President Hugo Chávez warned that capitalism could lead to the destruction of the planet .
PRESIDENT HUGO CHÁVEZ : [ translated ]
We will not submit to the hegemony of the imperial Yankees .
You can even write it down .
If the hegemony of capitalism continues on this planet , human life will one day come to an end .
For those of you who believe that ’s an exaggeration , one must remember this : the planet lived for millions of years without the human species .
AMY GOODMAN : This is Democracy Now ! , democracynow.org , the War and Peace Report .
We ’re broadcasting from Cochabamba .
Again , you were listening to the closing ceremony and the closing speeches at Cochabamba ’s largest soccer stadium .
It took place on Earth Day .
You just heard the President Evo Morales .
You also heard , as well , President Chávez .
In just a moment , we are going to be joined by President Morales .
He has just arrived by van .
He ’s coming up the stairs .
So we ’ll go to a break , some of the remarkable Indigenous music that has been playing throughout the area , and then we ’ll be joined by the president of Bolivia , Evo Morales .
[ break ]
AMY GOODMAN : As the World Peoples ’ Conference on Climate Change and the Rights of Mother Earth concludes , we are joined now by Bolivia 's President Evo Morales .
Following the failed Copenhagen climate talks in December , Morales issued a call to hold the peoples ’ summit to give the poor and the global South an opportunity to strategise on fighting climate change .
President Morales joins us now for the hour .
We ’re here at the Universidad del Valle — Uni. del Valle , it ’s called here — in Tiquipaya .
Welcome to Democracy Now ! , President Morales .
PRESIDENT EVO MORALES : [ translated ]
Thank you very much .
AMY GOODMAN : You have joined us in New York several times on Democracy Now !
We are very honoured to be here in your country , in Bolivia .
PRESIDENT EVO MORALES : [ translated ]
And thank you very much for the invitation to converse , as we ’ve always done .
AMY GOODMAN : Well , we are speaking on the day after the World Peoples ’ Conference has concluded , the day after Earth Day .
What do you feel you have accomplished ?
PRESIDENT EVO MORALES : [ translated ]
First of all , we have been surprised by the participation of all the peoples of the world .
We did n’t imagine so many people , more than 30,000 participants in sixteen — or seventeen working groups , and a declaration that provides so much direction for life and for nature , the participation of scientists and people responsible for different sectors and regions of the world .
There are two particularly important things .
In Copenhagen , there was interest in having a document approved that would cause harm to Mother Earth .
And the debate was only about the effects of the climate crisis , not the causes .
And the peoples here have debated the causes , which is capitalism — I could elaborate on that — genetically modified crops , which cause harm to Mother Earth and human life .
And in addition , I am so pleased to see that there ’s been such deep interest in engaging in a dialogue with the United Nations , so that these conclusions of the peoples of the world can be heard and respected .
Not just by the peoples who participated , they should also be heard and respected by humankind as a whole , all of those who live on the planet .
AMY GOODMAN :
The proposals that have come out of this conference , this summit , can you name them and explain them , beginning with the climate justice tribunal ?
PRESIDENT EVO MORALES : [ translated ]
For example , the developed countries should respect the Kyoto Protocol , and that means put it into practice , the 50 per cent reduction in greenhouse gas emissions ; and that the global temperature increase should be a maximum one - degree centigrade ; that a climate justice tribunal should be established , based in Cochabamba — and I say thank you very much to the social movements who approved this proposal that it be based here ; that there should continue to be a debate or there still is a debate on having a world referendum on climate change ; that the economic resources spent on defence and wars should be for life and for nature .
According to information we have , we find that the developed countries spend US $ 1.7 trillion , supposedly for defence and international security , but that actually means in military intervention in other countries .
Imagine , with $ 1.7 trillion for life and for nature , that would be so important .
And that is the right of Mother Earth , the right to regenerate Mother Earth ’s caring capacity .
It ’s very important .
And I can tell you , I know and I have lived in my family , in my community , in my aillu , traditional community , where we said this year , we ’ll grow chili peppers the next year , and we evaluate this among five different or eight communities .
And over that time , it is regenerated in another place .
Some time goes by , and we replant it in different place .
And so , if we rotate the crops , then there ’s not a detrimental impact on the environment .
These seem like small things , but they translate into large things internationally in terms of the world environment .
In Bolivia , after this event , we are going to begin with reforestation .
And the plan that we have in Bolivia , as of the first anniversary of the Declaration of International Mother Earth Day , because last year that was approved — before , it was Earth Day , and now it ’s International Mother Earth Day .
So one year after that , which is now , we ’re going to begin planting .
And next year , as of April 22 , we will plant 10 million trees .
What does that mean ?
That a Bolivian , whether it ’s a child or an older person , has to plant a plant or a tree .
And we ’re 10 million , and there will be 10 million , without any international contribution .
This would be just an effort by Bolivians to begin to reforest our country .
AMY GOODMAN : Can you explain what is happening to the glaciers here in Bolivia ?
PRESIDENT EVO MORALES : [ translated ]
It ’s a very bitter experience .
Chacaltaya , near the city of La Paz , when I was a child , I always heard that people would ski there .
And now that I am president and living in La Paz , there is no skiing there .
And there ’s just a spot of snow left .
Also , in the department of Potosí , we have another mountain , and the miners would say [ inaudible ] , that they would say that it was dressed in white .
It was all snow covered .
And what I ’ve been told is that fifty years from now , there will no longer be snow on Illimani , the major mountain overlooking La Paz .
This is what the experts say .
These have to do with water problems , and that is the great concern , not only of the peasant and Indigenous communities who love their Mother Earth and who take care of it , but also of the whole population .
AMY GOODMAN : President Morales , who would be brought before a climate justice tribunal ?
PRESIDENT EVO MORALES : [ translated ]
First , the developed countries that are not respecting the Kyoto Protocol .
It ’s a basic document , the Kyoto Protocol .
The developed countries should responsibly implement the provisions .
We would begin with the countries that have not ratified or adopted the Kyoto Protocol , such as the government of the United States .
And to that effect , you also have the International Court of Justice .
So this is a new organisation that would grow out of this event , this world movement for the rights of Mother Earth .
This world movement for the rights of Mother Earth should already bring an action , as I say , against the countries that have not ratified the Kyoto Protocol .
And second , those that have ratified it , but are not implementing the Kyoto Protocol .
AMY GOODMAN : We ’re talking to President Evo Morales , the president of Bolivia .
Yesterday at the Earth Day rally , the foreign minister of Ecuador said that the US had cut $ 2.5 million to Ecuador because they did n’t sign onto the Copenhagen Accord .
He said he would give $ 2.5 million to the United States if they signed onto the Kyoto Protocol .
Bolivia , the US cut $ 2.5 million , or $ 3 million , because you did n’t sign onto the Copenhagen Accord .
Can you explain what happened ?
PRESIDENT EVO MORALES : [ translated ]
The thing is that there ’s permanent sabotage and blackmail from the US government .
I cannot believe that a black president can have so much vengeance with an Indian president , because our grandparents and our populations , black and Indigenous , have been excluded , marginalised , humiliated .
That ’s where Obama is coming from , from that experience and that suffering .
And me , too .
And so , it ’s one who ’s been discriminated against discriminating against another who ’s been discriminated against , one oppressed who is oppressing another oppressed .
So much blackmail , and the so much blackmail we had experienced before , and now I ’m being subject to $ 3 million blackmail .
But it ’s with great pride and humility that we ’re now better off without the United States .
We ’re better off economically .
And in terms of macroeconomic policy , we ’re better off without the International Monetary Fund .
AMY GOODMAN : What was the $ 3 million supposed to be for , before it was cut ?
PRESIDENT EVO MORALES : [ translated ]
Of course , for social programs , as well as environmental programs , but that ’s just $ 3 million .
In terms of fighting drug trafficking , they have the responsibility to make an investment , and that it ’s not just a question of cooperation , it ’s a matter of an obligation on their part .
Nonetheless , they have pulled out , and we are facing drug trafficking alone — some crumbs to make it seem like something , certainly .
And so , for example , I had information that they were going to invest in the Millennium Development Account , like $ 600 million , and they withdrew all of it .
And so , we worked this out with other countries .
We ’re talking about investment .
One is not going to raise that claim about this .
We are a country of dignity .
But what they do is take vengeance , intimidate .
And that is why my doubt is , one who has been subjugated , one ’s family has been subjugated to discrimination , is now president ; how is it possible that he can discriminate against another movement that has been discriminated against ?
It is the peoples who will hear .
AMY GOODMAN : Do you see a change between President Bush and President Obama ?
PRESIDENT EVO MORALES : [ translated ]
If something is changed , it ’s just the colour of the president that ’s changed .
AMY GOODMAN : President Morales , you have often talked about the difference between coca and cocaine .
You say coca is not cocaine .
For a US audience , that is hard to understand .
Please explain .
PRESIDENT EVO MORALES : [ translated ]
Cocaine is like the white hair of our interpreter , and the coca leaf is green like the leaves that you see on the tree outside .
The coca leaf , in its natural state , is food , it ’s medicine .
It is used quite a lot in rituals , as you will have seen in the ceremonies that have taken place at this World Conference on the Rights of Mother Earth .
To turn coca into cocaine , many chemical agents are required , chemical precursors , and therefore a mix of sulfuric acid and other chemicals will turn it into a drug .
But we have no culture of cocaine , but we do have a profound culture of coca leaf .
I ’m very sorry that the US State Department considers that people who consume coca leaf are drug addicts .
That ’s absurd .
It ’s totally false .
And that those of us who produce coca leaf are drug traffickers and that they say that coca is cocaine , well , that is a lie .
And so , we ’re engaged in a permanent battle to continue to inform the whole world about this .
But people like you , for example , know now that coca is not cocaine .
But in addition to that , when Bolivian tin was in its boom , it was used by US industry .
And at that time , the United States was encouraging coca production , so that the miners , the workers , would consume coca leaf to help them extract tin to be sent to the United States .
The best producers of coca leaf at that time were given awards .
This is documented .
And I continue to be convinced that cocaine and drug trafficking is an invention of the United States .
And with that invention , they ’ve been able to create this war against drug trafficking .
Capitalism lives from war .
Capitalism needs wars in order to sell its weaponry .
So this is not an isolated drug issue .
It goes to the very interests of capitalism .
And on the pretext of fighting drugs , they establish military bases .
It ’s political control and domination that they want .
It ’s the new colonialism .
AMY GOODMAN : President Morales , let me ask you , though — I have been speaking , not with your opponents , but your supporters , who are concerned that there is a growing narcotrafficking problem here .
And I ’m wondering if you feel that is the case .
And you , more than anyone , understand that anything like this could be a trigger for massive intervention .
So what will you do about this ?
PRESIDENT EVO MORALES : [ translated ]
It is a problem , and we acknowledge it .
I do n’t know if it ’s growing , but the drug cartels and the cocaine cartels have become so powerful , the Plurinational State of Bolivia does not have certain instruments and technology for struggling against the drug cartels .
It is a weakness on our part .
And the most important thing is that the peasant movement is voluntarily reducing coca crops .
Before , it was forced eradication , which violated human rights .
The disadvantage is that we do n’t have radars , satellites , and a drug trafficker is not the one who steps on — who processes the coca leaf .
They go around all around the world , and their money is in the banks .
We need to end bank secrecy , for example .
Why not ?
So , imagine , there ’s not any real effective contribution to the anti-drug trafficking effort .
AMY GOODMAN : Is there a role the US can play in combating drug trafficking here that you think would be constructive ?
PRESIDENT EVO MORALES : [ translated ]
We just need equipment and technology .
AMY GOODMAN : We ’re talking to Bolivian President Evo Morales , who rose to the presidency — was a cocalero , the head of the coca growers ’ union .
And now I want to go back ten years .
I want to go back to the Water Wars , where you really rose in popularity and ultimately to the presidency .
Right outside this window here at the University del Valle , we can see the mountain Tunari .
That was the name used for this mysterious company , Aguas del Tunari , that was actually the US company Bechtel , who came to privatise the water supply .
You joined with the farmers , with the factory workers , led by Oscar Olivera , and you led a mass movement against the privatisation and pushed out Bechtel .
Talk about those moments .
PRESIDENT EVO MORALES : [ translated ]
I was born in Oruro , Orinoco , in another department in the Altiplano , and — before doing my obligatory military service in 1978 .
In 1979 , I went to the Chapare region , which is here in the department of Cochabamba .
And in 1979 and 1980 , when I was going back and forth , I would come by Tunari , and it was always covered with snow .
Most of the year it was snow - covered .
Now , when there ’s snowfall , it may be covered with snow just for half a day at most .
I have experienced that .
Now , apart from that , the first companions who rose up against the drilling of wells was right over here in a place called La Vinto , Vinto Chico .
I remember perfectly well that the communities had mobilised and put up roadblocks .
And they said , “ Evo , you have contacts with the press .
Bring the press . ”
And they said , “ The privatisation of water is harming us . ” I had some friends in the press .
We brought them there .
They talked with them , and they denounced it .
I was very struck by the situation .
And now I ’m talking about the 1990s .
I learned a great deal .
And then this contract came with the company called Aguas del Tunari .
For the people in the city , the rate that they were going to be charged for water was going to increase threefold , fourfold , sevenfold .
That provoked a response from the population .
And the privatisation of the springs , the melting , for irrigating , for the peasant movement , all of this was a problem .
And Oscar Olivera and others came together .
We all came together in order to wage debates .
There was a colleague named Fernandez , who was among the irrigators .
There was Oscar Olivera from the workers ’ sector .
And what had most struck was that in the legislature — and at the time , I was a legislator , in 1999 , 2000 — I was told in the Congress that we need to approve a $ 50 million loan for the — and from the Andean Development Corporation , but that was going to be for Aguas del Tunari .
So I figured that if there ’s a company that is going to be awarded a project or a contract for privatising water , they need to invest the money .
Why is it that the government needs to lend money to the company Aguas del Tunari ?
Am I making my — you get my point ?
In the Indigenous and peasant world , in the world of the poor , the businessperson is one who has a lot of money .
Transnational corporations are great millionaires .
And a transnational , Aguas del Tunari , was given a contract for privatising the water .
Well , then the legislature has to approve a law to give a loan to that company ?
What kind of privatisation is that ?
Now I can make some more comments , with all the more reason , about other transnationals .
That really struck me .
There ’s no investment by the company at all here .
Then we found out who were the partners of this transnational : a politician by the name of Medina , another politician .
And they put the papers together to create a company .
But there was n’t any money , and so the Bolivian government was supposed to lend it money .
This and many things brought us together — the peasant movement , the irrigators , the people in the city .
I would say that the factory workers of Oscar Olivera participated in this struggle very little .
It was essentially the peasants , the irrigators and the coca growers .
We joined the struggle .
We did n’t have water problems in Chapare .
There ’s flooding in Chapare .
The issue was that it had to do with a policy of privatisation .
And drinking water included the trade unions .
So we said , “ This policy is going to come to Chapare , and before that happens , let ’s fight it in Cochabamba . ”
I remember that one day I felt defeated in our mobilisations here .
About a thousand of us went out , said , “ Let ’s go out and march . ”
And we went out to march , and they began to shoot teargas at us .
And the press said they ’re shooting teargas at the coca growers , who are defending water .
And then the population rose up , and there was a state of siege .
It was the last state of siege that we defeated .
And since then , there ’s been no state of siege .
AMY GOODMAN : So how does it feel , from — going from that victory , pushing Bechtel out of the country , being a stone - throwing protester , to becoming the president of your nation , representing the police and the military that you were opposing at that time ?
PRESIDENT EVO MORALES : [ translated ]
Well , as president , we continue getting the companies out of the country .
Before , as a social movement leader , now as president .
We also have removed the company Aguas del Illimani from La Paza , as president .
As president , we have removed Transredes , an oil company .
So that ’s not changing .
These are policies that have been defined by social movements in Bolivia , and we ’ll continue to pursue them .
But I do want you to know , we said no more will we have companies being the owners of our natural resources .
We do need partners .
For example , some agreements that we ’ve signed with some companies , the company invests , but under the control of the owner , the Plurinational State of Bolivia .
We are owners of 60 per cent of the shares , and the investor holds 40 per cent .
It is legally guaranteed and constitutionally guaranteed that they will recover their investment , but they also — we also guarantee the right to share in the profits .
AMY GOODMAN : We have to break for sixty seconds , but then we ’re coming back to our exclusive hour with the president of Bolivia , Evo Morales , as we broadcast live from Cochabamba , Bolivia .
Stay with us .
[ break ]
AMY GOODMAN : You ’ve just been watching and listening to the celebratory music , the major celebrations that took place at the close of the summit yesterday in the main soccer stadium here in Cochabamba , Bolivia .
This is Democracy Now ! , democracynow.org , the War and Peace Report .
I ’m Amy Goodman .
And we have been broadcasting all week from the World Peoples ’ Conference on Climate Change and Rights of Mother Earth .
We ’re here now in the Bolivian town of Tiquipaya , just outside of Cochabamba , with President Evo Morales .
You are talking about industry and the role of corporations .
I ’d like to address how you deal with Indigenous rights , environmental rights , and reconcile that with corporations .
Let ’s go to San Cristóbal , the mine , the protests of the last week .
Please tell us what is happening there .
The miners have shut down the area .
They ’re calling on Sumitomo , the Japanese company , to give them reparations , stop polluting the water .
I think 6000 litres of water a second are used .
What is the government doing ?
What are you doing , President Morales ?
PRESIDENT EVO MORALES : [ translated ]
First , that is a concession that is legally guaranteed and armored by the previous governments .
It ’s the legacy of the neoliberal governments .
But in addition , the people in the area know that the company has negotiated with them .
They ’ve created a foundation to give money to community members and the experience that is that such kinds of agreements , blackmail or prebends , are not a solution .
Those are not eternal .
And that those who are culpable are the leaders of the communities who agreed to enter into agreements with the company .
There ’s also a political component .
When the right lost in the municipal elections , the next day , they began to wage conflicts .
So there ’s an internal issue there .
If we want to resolve the issue of San Cristóbal , we need to change a law , a law on mining .
And certainly , that is going to be subject to an in - depth review , the concession contract itself .
But yesterday , the day before yesterday , the conflict has ended .
They lifted that , and we explained the truth .
But sometimes these kinds of conflicts are used politically at the local level .
AMY GOODMAN : The State Department has issued a warning that people should n’t travel in that area , the US State Department .
PRESIDENT EVO MORALES : [ translated ]
You always hear campaigns of that sort from the US State Department .
It ’s just one part of the highway that ’s been blocked .
But , as I say , that was lifted two days ago .
And then I was informed that some tourists were kept from going through , but the community members , in a responsible way , had the tourists come through .
You can see that this is a satanisation by the United States State Department .
And we say , in a humanitarian sense , they have a right to be there , even though they ’ve politicised it .
But they do n’t realise that those responsible for those agreements are not only the previous governments , but also the leaders of — the previous leaders of those communities .
So there was this agreement between the state and the leaders of the community .
I know about it .
I was there talking with them .
They accepted that there be a foundation that would invest , I ’m not sure how many millions in the community .
That also does n‘t mean that we ’re trying to deflect responsibility .
It is our responsibility to seek solutions .
And I was saying a moment ago that we need to — that there are contracts that are armored , and we need to figure out how to change them .
AMY GOODMAN : Let ’s go to the bigger issue .
Bolivian economy is based on 20 per cent , 30 per cent on extractive industries like silver , zinc .
You are really getting into lithium now .
Bolivia has the world ’s majority reserves in lithium , an incredible alternative energy source for batteries , for electric cars .
How do you reconcile the extractive industries with the environment , Pachamama , the Indigenous word for Mother Earth , with Indigenous rights ?
PRESIDENT EVO MORALES : [ translated ]
We need in - depth studies on this .
If we want to defend Mother Earth and the rights of Mother Earth , any project for industrialising natural resources has to respect the regeneration of bio-capabilities .
Like with some minerals , for example , non-renewable minerals , it will be difficult .
So the internal debate is what to do about this , because Bolivia , before , lived from tin , as a colonial state .
Now we live off of gas and oil .
Our economic resources come fundamentally from oil and gas , and mining is in second place .
To what extent can the industrialisation of these resources allow for respect for Mother Earth ?
As of this conference , and going forward , everything has to change .
But when they tell us that lithium could be an alternative energy source , I was asking , what about the brine , and in what time can it be regenerated ?
Some tell me fifty years , some tell me 100 years .
I would be happy if it were fifty years , because we have there these salt flats of 10,000 square kilometres .
And if you take a broader look , it ’s 16,000 square kilometres .
It ’s immense .
So we ’re going forward .
And if that happens , then we ’ll be satisfied , in terms of having a replacement for the energy sources that cause so much harm to Mother Earth .
AMY GOODMAN :
These are the issues that have been raised by mesa 18 , the group that was not included in the summit , the issues of — even someone on the stage in your opening ceremony , Faith Gemmill from North Alaska , said , “ Keep the coal in the hole , keep the oil in the ground . ”
What is your response to that , to stop the extractions ?
PRESIDENT EVO MORALES : [ translated ]
You want me to tell you the truth about working group 18 ?
That ’s a business of the NGOs and the foundations .
The Indigenous brothers and sisters had never before had an Indigenous working group within the seventeen .
But since it ’s a question of justifying investments by the NGOs , then they set up working group 18 .
Now , the internal debate .
Those foundations , NGOs , said , “ Amazon , no oil . ”
So they ’re telling me that I should shut down oil wells and gas wells .
So what is Bolivia going to live off of ?
So let ’s be realistic .
But since these foundations and NGOs justify using some of the Indigenous brothers and sisters — I do n’t blame my Indigenous brothers and sisters .
They use the leaders to justify their good salaries and their own way of life .
I heard yesterday — last night I was with the people from Via Campesina up until 2 am .
You know Via Campesina .
I ’m one of the founders .
And they tell me , “ Do n’t build roads . ”
And another one says , “ Do n’t build dams . ”
The day before yesterday , when I was just back here , I announced that we ’re going to build a road from Oruro to a place near here .
That is the most widely applauded project by the grassroots people , because the people who need to be able to have access .
If we look just out here , in Alto , every day they ’re asking for small - scale dams .
So NGOs and some leaders say , no , when they ’re not interpreting the needs of their grassroots .
That is the truth .
And for this reason , it was like a confrontation Via Campesina —
AMY GOODMAN : We just have thirty seconds .
Your hope for this summit ?
PRESIDENT EVO MORALES : [ translated ]
I wanted to explain — I do n’t want to feel that there ’s not freedom of expression , in terms of addressing your concern .
But I do want you to know , that is the truth , and that last night , with Via Campesina , we had those confrontations .
So they ended up — they stopped talking about the dams , about the roads .
Now I ’m an enemy of thermoelectric plants , for example , but not hydroelectric plants .
AMY GOODMAN : Five Seconds .
PRESIDENT EVO MORALES : [ translated ]
Well , then , thank you very much .
AMY GOODMAN : Thank you very much .
We ’ve been speaking with Bolivia 's President Evo Morales .
And that concludes our exclusive week here in Cochabamba , Bolivia at the Worlds Peoples ’ Conference on Climate Change and Rights of Mother Earth .
Pakistan faces “ very severe consequences ” if a terror plot like the failed Times Square bombing was traced to that country , US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said in remarks made public on Saturday .
However Clinton also acknowledged Pakistan ’s increased cooperation in the war on terror , but said the United States expected more .
“ We ’ve made it very clear that if — heaven - forbid– an attack like this that we can trace back to Pakistan were to have been successful , there would be very severe consequences , ” Clinton told CBS ’s “ 60 Minutes ” program , according to excerpts released by the TV network .
ADVERTISEMENT
The interview is scheduled to be broadcast Sunday .
Faisal Shahzad , a Pakistani - born US citizen whose large but poorly made bomb failed to detonate in New Tork ’s Times Square a week ago , has been grilled since he was arrested Monday aboard a plane as it prepared to take off for Dubai .
The 30 - year - old son of a retired Pakistani Air Force officer is facing five terror charges .
Shahzad ’s family knew at least two key Pakistani militants who were involved in terrorist activities , The Los Angeles Times reported late Friday .
Clinton said Pakistan ’s attitude toward fighting Islamic terrorists had changed remarkably .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We ’ve gotten more cooperation and it ’s been a real sea change in the commitment we ’ve seen from the Pakistan government , ” she said .
“ We want more .
We expect more , ” she added .
Meanwhile , The Washington Post reported Saturday that a Federal Bureau of Investigation team arrived in Pakistan on Friday , with investigators focusing on whether foreign terrorist money helped finance the operation .
MovieLens
GroupLens Research has collected and made available rating data sets from the MovieLens web site ( http://movielens.org).
The data sets were collected over various periods of time , depending on the size of the set .
Before using these data sets , please review their README files for the usage licenses and other details .
Seeking permission ?
If you are interested in obtaining permission to use MovieLens datasets , please first read the terms of use that are included in the README file .
Then , please fill out this form to request use .
We typically do not permit public redistribution ( see Kaggle for an alternative download location if you are concerned about availability ) .
recommended for new research
MovieLens 25 M Dataset
MovieLens 25 M movie ratings .
Stable benchmark dataset .
25 million ratings and one million tag applications applied to 62,000 movies by 162,000 users .
Includes tag genome data with 15 million relevance scores across 1,129 tags .
Released 12/2019 README.txt
ml -25m.zip ( size : 250 MB , checksum )
Permalink : https://grouplens.org/datasets/movielens/25m/
recommended for education and development
MovieLens Latest Datasets
These datasets will change over time , and are not appropriate for reporting research results .
We will keep the download links stable for automated downloads .
We will not archive or make available previously released versions .
Small : 100,000 ratings and 3,600 tag applications applied to 9,000 movies by 600 users .
Last updated 9/2018 .
Full : 27,000,000 ratings and 1,100,000 tag applications applied to 58,000 movies by 280,000 users .
Includes tag genome data with 14 million relevance scores across 1,100 tags .
Last updated 9/2018 .
Permalink : https://grouplens.org/datasets/movielens/latest/
synthetic datasets
MovieLens 1B Synthetic Dataset
MovieLens 1B is a synthetic dataset that is expanded from the 20 million real - world ratings from ML - 20 M , distributed in support of MLPerf .
Note that these data are distributed as .npz files , which you must read using python and numpy .
The code for the expansion algorithm is available here : https://github.com/mlperf/training/tree/master/data_generation
To create the dataset above , we ran the algorithm ( using commit 1c6ae725a81d15437a2b2df05cac0673fde5c3a4 ) as described in the README under the section “ Running instructions for the recommendation benchmark ” .
Permalink : https://grouplens.org/datasets/movielens/movielens-1b/
older datasets
MovieLens 100K Dataset
MovieLens 1M Dataset
MovieLens 1 M movie ratings .
Stable benchmark dataset .
1 million ratings from 6000 users on 4000 movies .
Released 2/2003 .
README.txt
ml - 1m.zip ( size : 6 MB , checksum )
Permalink : https://grouplens.org/datasets/movielens/1m/
MovieLens 10 M Dataset
MovieLens 10 M movie ratings .
Stable benchmark dataset .
10 million ratings and 100,000 tag applications applied to 10,000 movies by 72,000 users .
Released 1/2009 .
README.txt
ml -10m.zip ( size : 63 MB , checksum )
Permalink : https://grouplens.org/datasets/movielens/10m/
MovieLens 20 M Dataset
MovieLens 20 M movie ratings .
Stable benchmark dataset .
20 million ratings and 465,000 tag applications applied to 27,000 movies by 138,000 users .
Includes tag genome data with 12 million relevance scores across 1,100 tags .
Released 4/2015 ; updated 10/2016 to update links.csv and add tag genome data .
README.txt
ml -20m.zip ( size : 190 MB , checksum )
Also see the MovieLens 20 M YouTube Trailers Dataset for links between MovieLens movies and movie trailers hosted on YouTube .
Permalink : https://grouplens.org/datasets/movielens/20m/
MovieLens Tag Genome Dataset
11 million computed tag - movie relevance scores from a pool of 1,100 tags applied to 10,000 movies .
Released 3/2014 .
Also consider using the MovieLens 20 M or latest datasets , which also contain ( more recent ) tag genome data .
Permalink : https://grouplens.org/datasets/movielens/tag-genome/
Winner of the Webby Award for Best Personal Website in 2001
Back again like a bad penny , Associated Press writer George Jahn has returned from nearly a week - long span without any fresh articles to deliver the latest claims that Iran ’s civilian enrichment program is either capable of or possibly aimed toward the production of nuclear weapons .
Some may remember Jahn ’s February 8 article , “ Iran Moves Closer to Nuke Warhead Capacity , ” and the subsequent furore over exaggerations and flat out misstatements , which ultimately led the AP to pull the piece in its entirety , replacing it with a separate story by a different author .
Today ’s article , “ 3 World Powers Criticize Iranian Enrichment , ” centers around the secret “ confidential letter ” from Russia , France and the United States , the contents of which have not been made public but which are quoted heavily in the article .
The letter appears to have questioned Iran ’s ability to produce 20 percent enriched uranium at all , echoing previous comments from Western officials last week .
The letter was addressed to IAEA chief Yukiya Amano .
But the AP article declares that the letter ’s claims about Iran ’s enrichment “ reinforced suspicions that Tehran is seeking to make nuclear weapons , ” and later claimed that Iran ’s enrichment program “ can produce both nuclear fuel and the fissile core of warheads . ”
Iran began enrichment to 20 percent purity last week , after months of failed negotiations to obtain fuel rods for the Tehran Research Reactor .
The US - built reactor produces medical isotopes for 850,000 patients in Iran who rely on nuclear medicine .
The IAEA has confirmed that the enrichment to 20 percent has begun , and described the efforts as “ modest , ” according to Jahn ’s February 10 article .
Getting from “ modest ” on February 10 to “ can produce both nuclear weapons as well as nuclear fuel ” on February 16 is no small achievement , but the provocative claims are doubly bizarre when coupled with the letter ’s ostensible claims that Iran is n’t even capable of producing 20 percent enriched uranium .
The “ fissile core of warheads ” would need to be enriched to a minimum of 90 percent purity , and some experts say it would be better to enrich it even higher .
Though the article points out that going from 20 percent to 90 percent is actually somewhat easier than going from 3.5 percent to 20 percent , if Iran is n’t even capable of producing the 20 percent enriched uranium in the first place , the whole matter must surely be moot .
EXCLUSIVE : Judging by the J.D. Salinger obituaries and tributes , there is just as much interest in the Catcher in the Rye author after his death as there was during his life when he shunned the spotlight for reclusion in Cornish , New Hampshire .
Now I can report that Shane Salerno , a 37 - year - old screenwriter who ’s currently writing Fantastic Voyage for Fox and James Cameron , has directed and produced Salinger , a 2 - hour documentary locked late last year after 5 years in the making .
Salerno financed the film out of his pocket , interviewed 150 sources , and accumulated so much information that he collaborated on a 700 - page companion book with bestselling author David Shields .
The 150 sources interviewed in the film either worked with Salinger at The New Yorker or had contact with him otherwise , or were greatly influenced by him .
The famous names include Philip Seymour Hoffman , Edward Norton , John Cusack , Danny DeVito , John Guare , Martin Sheen , David Milch , Robert Towne , Tom Wolfe , E.L. Doctorow , A. Scott Berg , Elizabeth Frank , Gore Vidal , and many other fans , journalists , filmmakers , playwrights , and artists inspired by Salinger ’s work .
The film — kept under the radar until now — was n’t done in time for consideration at this year ’s Sundance Film Festival .
As a result , the filmmaker hoped to present it at a spring film festival , like Cannes .
It will be shopped shortly by CAA and Robert Offer for distribution and remake .
The book , also complete , will be shopped by IPG ’s Brian Lipson and CAA .
I first learned about the project last year from some sources who ’d been interviewed for it .
After I approached Salerno for an interview , I saw a nearly completed cut of the documentary on December 9 , 2009 , in Technicolor ’s post - production screening room in Hollywood .
I was shown it on condition I waited to write until the film was ready to be unveiled , and that I not divulge all the reveals .
Yesterday , after Salinger died , I contacted Salerno and told him I was going to write about the documentary now .
He expressed concern that it would seem opportunistic .
But by day ’s end it was clear to both of us that the secret would not keep .
I found the film , which does n’t have narration , to be exhaustively researched and arrestingly powerful .
Most importantly , it answers a lot of questions I and everyone have had about the author .
There is previously unseen footage and photos , and a rich depiction of that unfathomable period in Salinger ’s career when The New Yorker magazine was able to publish a new “ J.D. Salinger ” story fairly regularly .
There also are details of : his WWII soldiering in Normandy and interrogation of Nazi prisoners ; his love affair with Eugene O’Neill ’s daughter Oona , and the crushing disappointment of losing her to Charlie Chaplin while Salinger fought in Europe ; Salinger ’s habit of locking himself away in his New Hampshire cinderblock bunker for weeks at a time to write ; his penchant for taking a week to craft a single sentence ; the damage his silences caused his family ; the futile efforts of friends to re-introduce him to the world ; Salinger ’s protectiveness towards his work ; his refusal to sell anything to Hollywood , turning down 8 - figure offers and first - class filmmakers like Billy Wilder and Steven Spielberg ; his determination to maintain total control over his prose ( so that when a New Yorker editor once added a comma , Salinger never spoke to him again ) .
Even more intriguing , Salerno ’s documentary also reports on what J.D. Salinger literary works might be in the famed secret vault , where 45 years of unpublished writings are rumored to be kept .
Salerno told me the project began when he purchased the rights to Paul Alexander ’s book Salinger : A Biography and tried to turn it into a feature .
He realized during interviews with Salinger ’s peers that these 80 + - year - old men would n’t be around much longer .
That ’s when he switched focus to the documentary , which was still based on Alexander ’s book .
Salerno succeeded in getting to many sources just before they died , though sadly did n’t get there in time for others .
A feature would have been a challenge anyway , since Salinger was so litigious and protective of his privacy .
( He sued successfully to stop a book that contained his unpublished letters , and halted a Catcher in the Rye sequel novel by another author . )
Salinger never sued over Alexander ’s book , however .
But other attempts to put Salinger on the big screen have been unsuccessful .
W.P Kinsella ’s book Shoeless Joe incorporated Salinger as a kidnapped character .
When it was adapted for the screen into Field of Dreams in 1989 , Salinger was turned into a fictionalized reclusive author “ Terry Mann ” played by James Earl Jones .
In another project , Sean Connery acknowledged that the inspiration for his role in 2000 ’s Finding Forrester was Salinger , yet that character was fictionalized as “ William Forrester ” .
Salerno went into the documentary expecting it to be a 6 - month project .
But it grew into a five - year obsession .
During that time , the screenwriter made several 7 - figure deals for such projects as the Fox sci- fi fantasy Doomsday Protocol , and the Paramount / Skydance action - comedy License to Steal .
So Salerno plowed several million dollars of that money into the documentary , working nights and weekends , and hiring the likes of Buddy Squires , the cinematographer for every Ken Burns documentary .
Why spend all that time and money to reveal information on an author who hated fame ?
Salerno makes clear his own personal obsession with Salinger , and told me he felt more connected to the writer than any other author ’s work .
Like Catcher in the Rye ’s Holden Caulfield , Salerno said he was booted from two schools while trying to find his way .
But his connection with Salinger was deeper than that .
“ I loved his work , and how he had the world at his doorstep , and said no thanks , ” Salerno told me .
“ He somehow understood in 1951 the corrosive effect that fame and money could have on his writing .
He was singular , and in this Internet age where people pursue their 15 minutes of fame , nobody did what Salinger did : living in the woods in New Hampshire , writing to please only himself .
The biggest challenge was , how far do you pull back the curtain on a mythic figure while preserving his legacy ?
We answered some questions , but other Salinger mysteries will remain unsolved . ”
The obvious question is : did Salerno get Salinger on camera ?
He would not tell me .
But I ’ve learned there ’s a 5 - minute section of the film that was held out of early screenings for security reasons .
By James Kwak
“ Geithner ’s team spent much of its time during the debate over the Senate bill helping Senate Banking Committee chair Chris Dodd kill off or modify amendments being offered by more - progressive Democrats .
A good example was Bernie Sanders ’s measure to audit the Fed , which the administration played a key role in getting the senator from Vermont to tone down .
Another was the Brown - Kaufman Amendment , which became a cause célèbre among lefty reformers such as former IMF economist Simon Johnson .
‘ If enacted , Brown - Kaufman would have broken up the six biggest banks in America , ’ says the senior Treasury official .
‘ If we ’d been for it , it probably would have happened .
But we were n’t , so it did n’t . ' ”
Oh , well .
That ’s one passage from John Heileman ’s juicy article in New York Magazine .
It provides a lot of background support for what many of us have been thinking for a while : the administration is happy with the financial reform bill roughly as it turned out , and it got there by taking up an anti-Wall Street tone ( e.g. , the Volcker Rule ) , riding a wave of populist anger to the point where the bill was sure of passing , and then quietly pruning back its most far - reaching components .
If anything , that ’s a testament to the political skill of the White House and , yes , Tim Geithner as well .
There are two other things in the article I thought worth commenting on .
Here ’s one :
“ Obama could be forgiven for expecting greater reciprocity from the bankers — something more than the equivalent of a Hallmark card and a box of penny candy .
He had , after all , done more than saved their lives directly by continuing the bailout policies formulated by Paulson and Geithner .
He and his team could credibly claim to have kept the world economy from falling off a cliff .
Yet with the unemployment rate still near double digits , Obama had ( and still has ) received scant credit from the public for what was arguably his signal accomplishment .
At the same time , the one thing that almost every slice of the electorate would have applauded wildly — the sight of the president landing a few haymakers on Wall Street ’s collective jaw — was an opportunity that the president had largely forsworn . ”
This is a theme you hear a lot these days — the idea that Obama ( or Geithner ) could have taken the easy political road and bashed Wall Street , but that would have been bad for the economy , so instead he acted like a man and saved the economy , even if it was bad for his poll numbers .
But this little bit of mythologizing rests on a flawed premise .
Yes , stabilizing the economy was a top priority in early 2009 , and for the most part it worked .
( Have you seen the CBO ’s estimate of the impact of the stimulus on GDP growth rates ?
Hint : it ’s big . )
But that did not and does not preclude “ landing a few haymakers on Wall Street ’s collective jaw . ”
Just because you follow one set of policies in early 2009 to stabilize the economy , that does n’t mean that in late 2009 and early 2010 you ca n’t then properly fix the financial system that caused the damage in the first place .
The other , and perhaps most important thing Heileman ’s article shows is that Wall Street executives are a bunch of raving lunatics .
Here ’s one paragraph :
“ Today , it ’s hard to find anyone on Wall Street who does n’t speak of Obama as if he were an unholy hybrid of Bernie Sanders and Eldridge Cleaver .
One night not long ago , over dinner with ten executives in the finance industry , I heard the president described as ‘ hostile to business , ’ ‘ anti- wealth , ’ and ‘ anti- capitalism ’ ; as a ‘ redistributionist , ’ a ‘ vilifier , ’ and a ‘ thug . ’
A few days later , I recounted this experience to the same Wall Street CEO who ’d called the Volcker Rule a testicular blow , and mentioned I ’d been told that one of the most prominent megabank chiefs , who once boasted to friends of voting for Obama , now refers to him privately as a ‘ Chicago mob guy . ’
Do all your brethren feel this way ?
I asked .
‘ Oh , not everybody — just most of them , ’ he replied .
‘ Jamie [ Dimon ] ?
Lloyd [ Blankfein ] ?
They might not say Obama ’s a socialist , but they come pretty close . ' ”
This is wingnut , Tea Party , willful blindness to reality kind of stuff .
Forget the whole issue of whether they should be grateful to Obama for first saving their banks from collapse and then toning down the reform bill so it ( a ) does n’t break up their banks , ( b ) does n’t meaningfully prevent them from engaging in proprietary trading , ( c ) says nothing of substance about compensation , ( d ) does n’t set any hard capital requirements , ( e ) . . .
The fact that they can see the policies this administration is pursuing and somehow think they are “ anti- wealth ” or “ anti-capitalist ” is as close to proof as you will find that they are deeply stupid , blinded by their self - interest , or both .
The White House / Treasury narrative is that they were the adults — they made the tough calls that needed to be made instead of taking the easy road politically .
The Wall Street narrative is the exact opposite : the administration is a bunch of political hacks , not the adults you need to have in charge .
Here ’s what one lobbyist said about the AIG bonus controversy :
“ First , the White House decides in this blatant way to politicize the issue .
Second , they overshoot the target and the thing gets away from them .
It made people realize there ’s no adult in charge .
If Bob Rubin or Hank Paulson were Treasury secretary , they would have walked into the Oval Office and said , ‘ Mr. President , I know you ’d like to do this , I know your political advisers want you do this , but I ’m sorry , you ca n’t do this . ’ ”
Bob Rubin and Hank Paulson , of course , were both former chairmen of Goldman Sachs .
Wall Street CEOs like to think they are the adults , the big men in the room , the ones who know how the world works .
Well , you know what ?
They screwed up their own banks , the financial system , and the economy like a bunch of two - year - olds .
Every single major bank would have failed in late 2008 without massive government intervention — because of wounds that were entirely self - inflicted .
( Citigroup : holding onto hundreds of billions of dollars of its own toxic waste .
Bank of America : paying $ 50 billion for an investment bank that would have failed within three days .
Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs : levering up without a stable source of funding .
Etc. )
The financial crisis should have put to rest for a generation the idea that the big boys on Wall Street know what they ’re doing and the politicians in Washington are a bunch of amateurs .
Yet somehow the bankers came out of it with the same unshakable belief in their own perfection that they had in 2005 .
The only plausible explanation is some kind of powerful personality disorder .
The bankers also have this bizarre belief that the administration has somehow betrayed them — that this year ’s supposed shift to the left constituted reneging on some kind of deal .
But there have to be two parties to a deal — and what did the banks do for Obama ?
They did n’t put in place any kind of self - regulation — not when it comes to compensation , capital , risk management , securitization , derivatives , or anything .
They did n’t cut back bonuses to merely outrageous levels , although Goldman did decide not to pay itself record bonuses when it could have .
They fought the stress tests all the way to the end , too blind to realize that the stress tests , and the government guarantee they implied , were the key to their salvation .
The administration owed them nothing .
The bankers are playground bullies who are used to getting their way and think that if they ’re not getting their way , someone must be cheating them .
But the government is the biggest bully on the playground .
Congress and the president get to make up the laws ; that ’s what it says in the Constitution .
The government does n’t need to do a deal with Wall Street to regulate it .
It always has the power to pass whatever law it wants regarding the financial sector ; it does n’t need permission ( even if it acted that way for the past two decades ) .
The bankers should be relieved that the administration happens to support policies that are relatively friendly to their interests .
Instead , they are complaining as if the administration broke some kind of rule .
( Now , you could say Obama has a debt to Wall Street because of all the money it gave him in 2007 - 08 .
But I dare any Wall Street CEO to come out and say that .
And besides , the politically rational thing to do is to look forward .
And , as Politico reported , Wall Street has been shifting its money to Republicans recently . )
And so , in one corner , we have a bunch of Wall Street CEOs sulking , deluding themselves into thinking that Barack Obama is a socialist , and probably planning to give money to Sarah Palin ( which would be a colossal blow to their own self - interest ) .
In the other corner , we have Obama and Geithner wondering why those Wall Street CEOs are n’t showing more gratitude .
“ ‘[ Obama ] thinks the Wall Street guys are just disconnected from reality , ’ says a White House official .
‘ He still takes the meetings with them , but his attitude now is like , “ Whatever . ” ‘
“ Tim Geithner , too , finds himself in the odd position of battling with an industry toward which he ’s never felt an ounce of antipathy ; in private , he now half - mockingly refers to the megabank CEOs as ‘ the warlords . ’
A Washington Mandarin to his core , Geither has been ineffective at winning over either Wall Street or Main Street .
His experience during his tenure has provided him a wrenching political education , but one not unlike Obama ’s — which , in a way , has only strengthened the bond between them . ”
Yes , they deserve more gratitude .
They saved the bankers twice — once by protecting them from their own mistakes , and again by protecting them from Sherrod Brown , Ted Kaufman , and all the other “ populists ” who wanted fundamental changes in our financial system .
As should be clear , for all my differences with Tim Geithner , I would rather have him calling the shots than Jamie Dimon or Lloyd Blankfein .
But Obama and Geithner should know better than to expect gratitude from a bunch of narcissistic , delusional crybabies .
And in that sense , both parties to this toxic relationship — the Wall Street bankers and the Obama administration officials — deserve each other .
DENVER --
A gang member convicted of killing Denver Broncos cornerback Darrent Williams in a drive - by shooting was sentenced Friday to life in prison plus 1,152 years after family members recounted the devastating impact of the killing .
Willie Clark , 26 , was convicted of first - degree murder in the New Year 's Day 2007 slaying of Williams after a confrontation at a nightclub .
Rosalind Williams called her son's slaying a cowardly act and said gang violence must be stopped .
" Now , whenever someone tells me happy New Year , it hurts , " she said in court .
" Now , when anybody says happy Mother 's Day , it hurts because my baby will never be able to tell me happy Mother 's Day again . "
She urged Clark to show remorse for the violence : " Make your mom and your dad proud .
I know my son made me proud , " she said .
Clark , however , smiled at times as he leaned and whispered into his attorney 's ear while Williams and other relatives spoke .
Chief Deputy District Attorney Tim Twining said Clark lived in a gang culture where a simple insult was enough to send him into a murderous rage .
Clark , along with two other suspects , also faces a first - degree murder charge in the slaying of a witness less than a month before Williams was killed .
During a hearing earlier Friday , Clark was declared a habitual criminal , making him eligible for the 1,152 years in prison .
He had two prior felony convictions and also was convicted of 16 counts of attempted first - degree murder and aggravated assault in the Williams case .
The sentencing followed a failed emergency appeal to the Colorado Supreme Court .
Defense attorney Darren Cantor also asked District Court Judge Christina Habas to excuse his client from listening to Rosalind Williams address the court about the murder of her 24 - year - old son .
Habas refused .
Prosecutors portrayed Darrent Williams as a peacemaker as his friends argued with gang members who had taken exception to the special treatment afforded the celebrated athletes outside a nightclub .
" All I can think of is that he was killed simply because of the jealousy and selfishness of Willie Clark , " said Tierria Leonard , the mother of Williams ' 10 - year - old son and 7 - year - old daughter .
She told Judge Habas her son had asked if Williams had his cell phone with him in the casket when he was buried then had cried uncontrollably when he realized he could n't speak to his father again .
Leonard also said their daughter had refused to run track for a time because she was afraid of the starter 's pistol .
Cantor and defense attorney Abraham Hutt have 45 days to file an appeal .
Both left the court without comment .
Witnesses testified at trial that Clark had exchanged words with then - Broncos wide receiver Brandon Marshall as Williams arrived at the nightclub with a group .
The confrontation escalated inside when somebody in Williams ' group sprayed champagne in celebration .
The dispute continued outside as Williams and his group tried to leave .
Witnesses said Clark desperately searched for a gun following the altercation , hopped into an SUV to catch up with a limousine carrying Williams , then fired the fatal shots .
It took prosecutors and police nearly two years to build their case against Clark , partly because those who witnessed the shooting were part of a gang drug ring under federal investigation , Denver District Attorney Mitch Morrissey has said .
Several witnesses eventually testified they saw or heard from Clark that he fired shots from the SUV into a stretch Hummer limousine carrying Williams and 16 others from the nightclub shortly after 2 a.m.
Williams died in teammate Javon Walker 's arms .
Defense attorney
Hutt tried to undercut the credibility of five prosecution witnesses during the trial , saying they had their sentences reduced by a combined 188 years for testifying .
Hutt said the prosecution 's star witness , Daniel " Ponytail " Harris , faced a life sentence for a drug charge but will be released within two years .
Harris testified he was in the SUV and saw Clark fire the shots .
By Nick Bryant
BBC News , Sydney
Gallipoli holds an emotive place in Australian history
There has been an angry reaction in Australia after television producers cast a Caucasian man in the role of a Chinese - Australian war hero .
Billy Sing was a hero of the Gallipoli campaign in World War I , but a TV drama has him cast as a white man .
The producers say they could not find a 60 - year - old Chinese actor to play Billy Sing 's father , so both parts will be played by white actors .
They have been accused of re-writing Australian history .
Billy Sing was known as the " Gallipoli assassin " , the son of a Chinese man and English woman , who became a hero of the Australian forces during World War I by killing more than 200 enemy troops .
The recipient of a Distinguished Conduct medal , his memory is cherished within the Chinese - Australian community .
That 's why there 's been such an angry reaction to the decision of the producers of the television mini-series , The Legend of Billy Sing , to cast a white man in the lead .
The director , Geoff Davis , actually picked his son , Josh , to play the role , and defended the decision by saying that he could not find a 60 - year - old Chinese actor to play Billy Sing 's father .
He therefore decided that both men should be Caucasian .
But Chinese - Australians have complained that young people will now grow up thinking that Billy Sing was white , and that is a betrayal of their heritage .
The head of a Chinese - Australian youth association said that " whiting out " Billy Sing was not only a gross historical misrepresentation but treading on the grave of a true Chinese - Australian hero .
Senators are preparing to eliminate all references in federal law to the terms “ mental retardation ” and “ mentally retarded individual . ”
Rosa ’s Law , which will be marked up on Wednesday , would replace those terms with “ intellectual disability ” and “ individual with an intellectual disability . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Sen. Barbara Mikulski Barbara
Ann MikulskiForeign policy congressional committees need to call more women experts Lobbying World Only four Dem senators have endorsed 2020 candidates MORE ( D - Md. ) introduced the bill last November after promising a constituent she would act if the Maryland legislature passed a similar law .
The Maryland law passed unanimously , and Gov. Martin O’Malley ( D ) signed it into law last year .
The bill is named after Rosa Marcellino , who has an intellectual disability and whose family was instrumental in passing the Maryland law .
It will be marked up in the Senate Health , Education and Pensions ( HELP ) Committee this week and is considered non-controversial legislation .
Attention to the word " retard 's " hurtful consequences has taken off in recent years , thanks in part to the outspoken former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , whose son Trig has Down syndrome .
Palin called for White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel to be fired earlier this year after he called liberal healthcare activists “ f-----g retarded , ” but she has been less forceful when conservatives such as talk radio show Rush Limbaugh have used the term .
Rosa ’s
Law would benefit all children “ who are labeled , stigmatized , and bear a burden the rest of their lives because of the language we use in the law books , ” Mikulski said in her floor statement when she introduced the bill .
“ It is a much needed change in the law that is fully deserving of our support , ” said co-sponsor Mike Enzi Michael ( Mike ) Bradley EnziChamber of Commerce endorses McSally for reelection Cynthia Lummis wins GOP Senate primary in Wyoming The Hill 's Convention Report : Democrats gear up for Day Two of convention MORE ( R - Wyo. ) , who followed Mikulski on the floor .
Rosa ’s Law has 42 bipartisan co-sponsors in the Senate , including health committee Chairman Tom Harkin Thomas ( Tom ) Richard HarkinThe Memo : Trump attacks on Harris risk backfiring Ernst challenges Greenfield to six debates in Iowa Senate race Biden unveils disability rights plan : ' Your voices must be heard ' MORE ( D - Iowa ) .
The House version , introduced by Rep. Michael McMahon ( D - N.Y. ) , has 30 co-sponsors .
" This bill , as I can assure all who might be concerned , will not expand nor diminish services , rights or educational opportunities , ” Mikulski said .
And the American Psychological Association , which pays special attention to how mental conditions are named and described , has no issues with the bill either .
“ APA has no concerns with this and most disability - related language has changed from mental retardation to the more PC [ politically correct ] ‘ intellectual disability ’ , ” Anju Khubchandani , director of the APA ’s Office on Disability Issues , said via e-mail .
Khubchandani pointed out the APA ’s Division on Mental Retardation , which connects experts in that field , has been renamed to Division on Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities .
“ However , ” he wrote , “ APA does not have an official endorsement one way or the other . ”
Asked about the bill ’s prospects on the Senate floor , a Mikulski spokeswoman said : “ We ’re currently focused on passing the bill out of committee .
We ’ll consult leadership after next Wednesday and hope that the strong general , and bipartisan , support will support our case to move to final passage . ”
About a week ago we brought you coverage from our contacts on the ground , SOS Elephants of Chad , about the horrific killings of a family of Elephants which also resulted in the deaths of 2 Chadian soldiers .
It ’s a gruesome event which occurs all too often , resulting in the loss of thousands of elephants over the past decade and numerous human lives .
We would like to show photographs taken from that scene , though me must warn you they are fairly graphic and are a bit blurry because it was taken from a cell phone .
Though it is a sensitive subject and it ’s hard to look at these pictures it is imperative that we show the rest of the world what ’s really going on behind closed doors , deep in the bush where it remains unseen and unheard of by the rest of the world ……………………..
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
She was twice seen by hospital staff in the aftermath of the incident and an X - ray was carried out .
May 28 , 2010 - L4D Team
Last Man On Earth , Special Infected Love , Favorite Campaign , and Last Video on Earth .
You will become legend to the infected as the last human left .
You are the only Survivor left in the world .
No split screen help .
No Survivor bots .
But do n't worry you are n't entirely alone .
While there are no common Infected , Special Infected will hunt you down and become close , close friends with you .
This Mutation is available in Single Player Mode .
Special Infected Love
The results from last week 's poll are in and the Hunter clawed his way to the top.20 % Hunter17 % Charger15 % Tank13 % Spitter12 % Smoker11 % Witch7 % Boomer5 % Jockey22 % Hunter18 % Tank14 % Smoker14 % Witch13 % Charger7 % Jockey7 % Spitter5 % Boomer
The only thing we are sure of is that people love the Hunter .
So now that we know what creatures you like , what campaigns do you like ?
Tell us in this week 's poll - What 's your favorite campaign ?
Since this week 's Mutation is Single player only , we can't really play it with you .
How about this ?
You play by yourself .
Record a video of your best 60 seconds .
Upload that clip to YouTube with the tag " L4D2LastSurvivor " .
We will wade through the submissions and feature the best in next week 's web blog .
If you want to pimp your clip , you can also go to forums .
l4d .com and post in this thread Next Week 's Mutation : Chainsaw Massacre
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Republican leaders in the U.S. House of Representatives , stung by criticism that their party lacks new ideas , launched an online initiative on Tuesday to hear suggestions and policy proposals directly from Americans .
Republicans are licking their chops at the idea of taking seats away from Democrats in November congressional elections .
And yet they said their taxpayer - funded “ America Speaking Out ” website was not aimed at attracting voter support for their candidates .
“ This has to do with listening to the American people and addressing their concerns today , ” said the top Republican in the House of Representatives , Minority Leader John Boehner .
Republicans by law cannot use the americaspeakingout.com website for political purposes , since they established it with taxpayer money .
Representative Kevin McCarthy , who is in charge of the effort , said it would not cost much more than an average website for a congressional office .
Using the information gained , Republicans hope to develop legislative priorities for Congress based on their conservative principles by September , two months before the November 2 elections .
Boehner said an agenda for congressional candidates is being developed on a separate track .
Democrats voiced suspicions at Republicans ’ argument that their effort was not political .
“ That is the biggest joke I ’ve ever heard , ” said Brad Woodhouse , spokesman for the Democratic National Committee .
Republicans hope to use their initiative to tap into Americans ’ frustration with Washington at rising debt and a lingering 9.9 percent unemployment rate .
Representative Candice Miller , a Republican who represents the electoral swing district of Macomb County in Michigan , said in 30 years of holding elected offices she has never seen people so “ absolutely agitated ” at government spending and the perceived lack of emphasis on creating jobs .
“ And the number one thing that I hear , over and over and over again , everywhere I go , is ‘ Why is n’t Washington listening to us ? ’ ” she said .
The Republican Party has battled criticism from Democrats that it has become the “ party of no ” by rejecting President Barack Obama ’s agenda rather than bringing ideas to the table that would help reach a compromise .
Republicans reject such criticism , saying Americans disagree with Obama ’s agenda .
Using americaspeakingout.com , Republicans hope Americans will submit their ideas and generate policy discussions .
They will also hold town hall meetings with citizens to foster further discussion .
While Democrats have a large majority over Republicans in the House , Republicans declared they hold an edge over Democrats in a key area -- social media .
More House Republicans are on Facebook , Twitter and YouTube than their Democratic counterparts , said Republican Representative Cathy McMorris Rodgers of Washington state .
“ House Republicans have tweeted five times as many ( times ) as the House Democrats .
Leader Boehner has almost five times as many Facebook fans as ( House ) Speaker ( Nancy ) Pelosi , ” Rodgers said .
The nutritional benefits of organic food have been called into question by new research which shows wild garden birds prefer conventional seed to that which has been organically - grown .
A three - year study by Newcastle University has found that wild birds are not swayed by the organic label , but instead prefer the more protein - rich , conventional food that will help them to survive the winter .
Published in the Journal of the Science of Food and Agriculture , lead researcher Dr Ailsa McKenzie said the findings were likely to be of " considerable interest to the general public in the debate over the relative merits of consuming organic food . "
" Our results suggest that the current dogma that organic food is preferred to conventional food may not always be true , " explains Dr McKenzie , based in the School of Biology at Newcastle University .
" Protein is an essential nutrient in the diet of all birds and mammals and getting enough of it -- especially in winter -- can be hard .
" We showed that when given free choice , wild birds opt for the conventional food over the organic , and the most likely explanation is its higher protein content .
advertisement
" This study is only looking at one aspect of the organic food debate -- it does not take into account the long - term health implications of using chemical fertilisers and pesticides , or the often negative environmental impact of conventional farming ; for example , other work has shown that pesticides can strongly reduce availability of seeds for birds .
" But it does raise questions about the nutritional benefits of organic food and what consumers are being led to believe . "
Global demand for organic produce is increasing by £ 4billion annually -- the organic market now accounts for between two and three per cent of all food purchased in Europe and the USA .
One key reason why consumers buy organic food is because they consider it to be better for human and animal health .
While this may indeed be the case , these are not necessarily the only factors governing food choice in animals and birds .
To carry out the study the Newcastle team set up feeding stations in more than 30 gardens across the North of England .
Organic and non-organic wheat seeds ( both of the same variety ) were placed in adjacent bird feeders and then the rate at which the birds ate the different seeds was monitored over a six week period .
advertisement
Half way through the experiment the feeders were swapped around .
The experiment was repeated in a second winter with different wheat samples .
The birds showed a strong preference for the conventional seed , eating significantly more of this than the organic .
When the feeder positions were switched , the birds ' learnt ' the new position of the conventional seed and continued to select it in preference to the organic .
Analysis of the wheat found the conventionally - grown seeds to have an average 10 per cent higher protein content than the organic seeds .
Other differences between the samples ( e.g. in mycotoxin levels , grain size , energy content or pesticide residues ) could not explain the preferences shown by the birds .
The garden bird work was confirmed by laboratory studies on canaries , also showing a significant preference for conventionally - over organically - grown seeds .
Dr McKenzie explained : " Conventionally - grown crops tend to contain significantly higher levels of protein than those grown organically due to the application of inorganic nitrogen fertilisers in conventional farming systems .
" This makes our findings potentially applicable across many food types and suggests the issues surrounding organic food are not as cut and dried as some might think . "
Those figures were no surprise .
A Government Accountability Office report for the United States Congress last March noted that 12 to 41 percent of Afghan police recruits tested positive for drug use , although that included marijuana and hashish as well as opiates .
Recruits who test positive for hard drugs are dismissed , but the others are kept and given counseling .
Since opiates disappear from the body quickly , however , many of the recruits could easily have avoided getting caught — apparently explaining the high number of addicts found still on the force .
The recovering policemen in the hospital , as it turned out , made no use of the many stones in the courtyard , and instead proved eager to tell their stories .
Most , like First Lt. Juma Khan Asak , 40 , a border patrolman from western Afghanistan , were long - term addicts .
Lieutenant Asak said he had been smoking first opium and then heroin since he was 17 , long before he joined the police .
Now that the eldest of his eight children was that age , he had grown concerned that his children would follow him into addiction .
He turned himself in for treatment .
“ I was spending 1,000 afghanis a day , ” he said , “ and I could no longer do my job properly . ”
That amount , about $ 20 , was approximately twice his lieutenant ’s salary ; asked how he could afford that and support a big family , he just shrugged .
Image First Lt. Juma Khan Asak , 40 , a border patrolman , said he had been smoking , first opium and then heroin , since he was 17 .
Credit ... Christoph Bangert for The New York Times
On the western border , the major concern of the police there is interdicting drug smugglers making for Iran .
It 's Mother ’s Day .
Forget breakfast in bed .
Instead , take some things off of mom ’s ever - growing , never - ending to - do list .
1. Plan an entire week ’s menu ( including snacks for the constantly growing children ) .
Do all the shopping at your local market , warehouse store , or roadside stand .
Put away all items , making sure to clean out the refrigerator beforehand or immediately afterward .
2 . Run non-urgent yet long undone errands : buy replacement batteries for flashlights , smoke alarms , and handheld gaming systems ; replace the windshield wipers ; take dry clean only clothes to the dry cleaner ; mend or hem clothes .
3 . Get the recycling ready .
Put away boxes that might be used for storage or shipping products sold on eBay and break down the remaining boxes according to recycling rules .
4 . Post books ( the ones set aside to get rid of ) on Paperbackswap.com , take them to the used book store for trade , or sell them on online .
5 . Solve technical glitches that require research , analysis , and action .
6 . Take bags of discarded items to Goodwill or other local store that takes and resells older items for charity .
7. Clean and prepare nicer , stashed away items for the consignment store .
8. Sort , label , and store digital pictures from last year ’s ( and the year 's before ) vacation or stay - near - home outings .
9 . Find sources for handyperson projects that are out of your league ; arrange for cost estimates on your time .
10 .
File the insurance claims for the last visit to the dentist and orthodontist .
11 . Get rid of out - of - date over - the - counter medicines , sunscreen , canned goods , and cereals , and replace whatever is necessary .
( Hint : most households can always use Benadryl or its generic equivalent . )
12 . Tackle the socks - with - no - matches pile .
Do n’t just relocate them but find the missing ones ( under beds , behind washing machines , etc. ) and repurpose extra ones .
13 . Create email filters to direct messages from coaches , teachers , scout leaders , band directors , etc. to both parents so that important emails do n’t go just to the person who signed up for them at the beginning of the year or season .
14 . Sign the permission slips , dispense field trip monies , and get forms completed , etc . so that there are no early - morning rushes surrounding documents for eagerly awaited events .
15 .
Put together a budget and start making arrangements for your next big trip .
16 . Set up Google alerts to notify the family of children 's product recalls , or add Parenting Squad to your parenting resources ( including CPSC alerts ) .
17 .
Call the insurance company to get rid of collision on auto insurance , raise deductibles , or whatever needs to be done to protect your assets without overspending on insurance .
18 . Take all of the notes about appointments and schedules ( including the most significant pinned to the bulletin board as well as those non-strategically situated on the kitchen table ) and place them on the calendar .
Make a mental note to check the calendar weekly .
19 . Create a shared Google document listing the addresses and significant dates associated with your parents , siblings , aunts , uncles , cousins , best friends , etc. ( such as your sister 's birthday and dates for family reunions like the one that is always held on the third Sunday in April even on Easter ) ; note that the second Sunday in May is Mother 's Day ( USA ) .
If you need ideas other than tackling the to - do list ( and besides preparing breakfast , lunch , and dinner ) , consider gifts for the person who has everything , making a donation to her favorite charity ( perhaps one that supports moms and their children ) , or giving her whatever she has mentioned she 'd like ; then add flowers .
Unions have made no bones about their upcoming involvement in the midterm elections of 2010 .
In short , unions are scared to death that they will lose their grip on their control of the House and the Senate unless they spend tens of millions of dollars and force their members to campaign for Democratic incumbents .
Unions have been able to run the table when it comes to getting what they want from the White House , Majority Leader Harry Reid and Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi .
This is what President Obama recently said to a gathering of big labor , " I do not view the labor movement as part of the problem , " he adds .
" To me , and to my administration , labor unions are a big part of the solution . "
The president and the leadership of the Democratic Party has heaped great praise on unions for helping pass the over 700 billion dollar stimulus bill , the auto industry bailouts and most recently health care .
Democrats believe that they could not have " accomplished " these efforts without the help of unions .
Now unions are fearful that their " gravy train ' could be derailed by the midterms and they are gearing up to influence elections nationwide in a way that may eclipse the efforts of individual candidates or even the Democratic National Committee .
Unions have made no secret that they plan to spend $ 100 million dollars to keep Democratic incumbents in office in 2010 .
In addition , they plan to use hundreds of thousands of man-hours with their members " campaigning " and " organizing " in key election districts all across America .
Here is what the president of the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees ( AFSCME ) said with regard to the midterm elections , " We have got to protect the incumbency in the House .
We have got to protect the incumbency in the Senate ... It is going to be hard .
Those tea - baggers are out there .
There is an anti-incumbency mood out there . "
As far as I 'm concerned , this sounds more like a statement from a party chairman than a union president .
Here is what communications director Steve Smith of the California labor Federation said with regard to their upcoming election efforts , " We are going to devote more resources to the 2010 campaign than we have ever done in any prior campaign . "
Unions have been emboldened to act as a shadow political party .
They have used the law to act brazenly and shadowy when it comes to their support of candidates .
Unions today can coordinate with the DNC and candidates to strategize and place resources without restrictions .
The Federal Election Commission promised new rules in light of the Supreme Court 's decision in the Citizen 's United Case to insure candidates and parties do not lose control over campaign messaging and spending .
The fear is that in the aftermath of Citizen 's United , unions would not only be permitted to spend without limits but they will also no longer have time restriction on when monies can be spent and restriction on direct coordination with campaigns and parties .
Without new rules set by the FEC , unions and corporations will be able to spend freely without disclosure to the FEC , shareholders or the SEC .
In addition , without new rules corporations and unions who greatly benefited directly from legislation would be able to " reward " their friends and punish their enemies without disclosure .
Unless new rules are put in place to govern union and corporate coordination and disclosure , political parties will be eclipsed by non-political entities that are selfishly motivated .
The American people should demand that the FEC act now before the 2010 - midterm elections .
The people not powerful unions and corporations should decide elections .
Bradley A. Blakeman served as deputy assistant to President George W. Bush from 2001 - 04 .
He is currently a professor of Politics and Public Policy at Georgetown University and a frequent contributor to the Fox Forum .
Fox Forum is on Twitter .
Follow us @fxnopinion .
Last week the New York Times wrote about an upcoming report from The President ’s Cancer Panel .
The paper was “ astonish[ed ] to learn that [ the panel ] is poised to join ranks with the organic food movement and declare : [ these ] chemicals threaten our bodies . ”
If you doubt that Genetically Modified ( GM ) foods threaten your body , here is a recent report from Russian biologists .
They conducted what they thought would be a “ routine ” study of the long - term effects of the consumption of GM soy feed among a hamster population .
For the first generation , the only untoward effects seemed to be constipation .
The second generation did n’t seem too much the worse for wear either .
But the third generation showed serious ill effects and turned out to be completely sterile .
Hamsters are not human beings and more research needs to be done , but other studies also point to reproductive ill effects .
Eating frankinfoods would not seem to be the best form of birth control !
In addition to the unknown but increasingly documented risks of ingesting organisms that are completely new to the human body , we also need to worry about contaminants found in GM foods such as Monsanto ’s “ Roundup Ready ” herbicide .
It should also be noted that GM food issues have for the first time found their way to the US Supreme Court .
A lawsuit brought by organic farmers and The Center for Food Safety pointed out that biotech alfalfa would spread uncontrollably and take over US pasturelands .
True organic beef would become an impossibility since all cows would be potentially exposed to the GM alfalfa .
A federal judge agreed and halted the sale of biotech alfalfa from Monsanto until the USDA could do a full - scale environmental impact study .
The Supreme Court will decide if the federal judge had the constitutional right to take this action and a decision is expected in late summer .
If GM leads to human sterility in succeeding generations , would we like to see all beef products contaminated ?
Even vegetarians will face the consequences when they try to farm GM contaminated land .
This is a big , big issue and our thanks to The Center for Food Safety for defending common sense and fighting Monsanto in the Supreme Court .
Earlier this month , The [ international ]
Codex Committee on Food Labeling met to discuss whether Genetically Modified food could be labeled “ organic ” .
The decision remains to be made , but in this case the Europeans , whom we generally condemn for their ridiculously restrictive approach to supplements , are fighting the good fight and are expected eventually to carry the day .
It is of course appalling that this matter is being debated at all , and that it will eventually be decided based on the political weight of the different countries and regions .
We do not need food decisions based on politics , nor bureaucratic meddling in organic standards , which began outside of government , and which just get watered down by government officials charged with protecting us who really answer to commercial interests .
A recent poll , conducted by the U.S. Consumers Union , found that two - thirds of US consumers would be concerned if they thought that GM ingredients were in organic food .
There is overwhelming public opinion support for GM labeling , and more than 80 public health , environmental , and agriculture organizations are working to ensure genetically modified foods are labeled as such .
Who is working in the opposite direction ?
The GM and food producers of course– and their powerful ally the US government .
Share This Post
Hope springs eternal in the breasts of the digerati .
The online army which raged against the Digital Economy Bill as it was rushed through at the end of the last Parliament - it seems like another political era now - is hopeful that the hated law will be repealed by the new government .
After all , the one party which opposed the bill , the Liberal Democrats , is now in government .
" Surely this will be a priority , " campaigners have argued on Twitter and elsewhere .
" We voted for them on this issue - now they 've got to act to undo this disastrous law . "
I fear they are likely to be disappointed .
A quick inspection of the coalition agreement published yesterday does indeed show that the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats plan a great repeal bill .
But there is no mention of the Digital Economy Act in that plan to dismantle some of Labour 's laws .
Given all the other big and scary tasks facing the new government , I just can't imagine that repealing a law which could see suspected illegal file - sharers temporarily suspended from the internet will be a priority .
And did the issue really play a significant part in the election ?
Remember , the Liberal Democrats actually came out of the election campaign with fewer MPs .
As for Stephen Timms , the Labour minister who steered the legislation through the Commons : he was severely punished at the ballot box - with a thumping majority , one of the few members of his party to see their position strengthened .
It 's worth too asking a few questions about the tactics of the online activist .
Much was made back in March and April of the tidal wave of e-mails directed at MPs by opponents of the bill .
A community organisation called 38 Degrees provided a helpful link on its website encouraging people to e-mail their MPs about the bill and the way it was rushed through the Commons - and claimed that more than 20,000 people had done so .
But soon afterwards it was pointed out by the online news site The Register that anyone could just click and e-mail , so some of the correspondents could be overseas or just multiple clickers .
In a somewhat surprising reply to an inquiry about this loophole , a spokeswoman for 38 Degrees told The Register : " The culpability lies with the MPs to check the veracity of contact letters . "
The trouble is that MPs who do engage with the public via social networks are now receiving huge amounts of unsolicited e-mail .
A friend who helps out a Liberal Democrat MP - and advised him to use the likes of Twitter and Facebook - told me he had received over 4,000 messages in recent days offering various bits of advice on how the Lib Dems should enter a coalition .
" What are we supposed to do with this stuff ? " he asked , with some frustration .
Some of those messages will have arrived via 38 Degrees , which mounted the Fair Votes campaign for proportional representation over the weekend , winning plenty of publicity and piling pressure on the Liberal Democrats and Labour to stand up for PR .
Here 's a line from the 38 Degrees blog : " When the Lib Dems looked wobbly over the weekend , we sent them over 150,000 emails urging them to hold firm . "
The e-mails were also directed at Labour MPs , including one Tom Watson , who was the most vigorous opponent of the Digital Economy Bill but is not apparently a supporter of PR .
Here 's how he reacted on Twitter to the deluge :
" Thks @ 38 _degrees .
Inbox now full .
Why did n't you check to find out the MPs that supported your proposition before spamming us all ? "
If even the most digital MPs are treating mass e-mail campaigns as spam , it looks to me as though this particular weapon of political protest is now virtually worthless .
On the other hand , the opponents of the Digital Economy Act should not , perhaps , be too gloomy .
Just as the new government is unlikely to find time to repeal the law in a hurry , it may well be even less keen to see families cut off from the internet or websites blocked .
The new law was painted by its opponents as a great slavering beast which would eat the internet and millions of innocent surfers - perhaps it will turn out to be a toothless old mutt asleep in the corner .
The Los Angeles Police Department has launched an internal investigation after one of its officers was caught on camera apparently kicking a cyclist during a protest against oil giant BP on Friday .
According to the Los Angeles Times , the incident took place on Hollywood Boulevard during a “ Critical Mass ” cycling event .
Critical Masses — which involve cyclists riding through the streets to call for cyclists ’ rights — typically take place on the last Friday of every month .
This particular event targeted BP for its role in the Gulf oil spill .
Video of the incident shows what appears to be a police officer stepping out and kicking at a passing bicycle .
“ Whoa , what the f*** was that for ? ” the unidentified cameraman can be heard saying .
Moments later , the video shows two officers converge on the cameraman and take him down to the ground .
“ Get up , ” one officer can be heard saying , as another says “ Stay down . ”
( Source : RawStory.com )
emacs wrote : ↑ [ IMG ]
Sharp Aquos LC - 37D62U
Energy C- 50 ( fronts and surrounds ) and C - C50 ( centre )
Definitive Technology ProSub 1000
PlayStation 3 ( 60 GB )
Onkyo TX - SR605
Oppo DV980 - H
Bello PVS - 4218HG [ IMG ]
http://i259.photobucket.com/albums/hh28 ... 04_600.jpg [/ IMG ]
Sharp Aquos LC - 37D62UEnergy C-50 ( fronts and surrounds ) and C - C50 ( centre ) Definitive Technology ProSub 1000 PlayStation 3 ( 60 GB ) Onkyo TX - SR605 Oppo DV980 - HBello PVS -4218HG
Really nice setup .
Its a shame the speakers ( especially the center ) are so big .
It would be nice to somehow wall mount that speaker and have the PS3 off the floor .
Did you try mounting the front speakers on the TV stand slightly behind the TV ?
The rice - making is easy , and far from mysterious .
You need good short - grain white rice ( you can use brown rice , of course , but it ’s not the same thing ) , rice vinegar , sugar , salt and kelp ( or konbu , a kind of seaweed ) .
Some sake is nice , but it is not essential .
You blend the vinegar , sugar , salt and kelp , remove the kelp , then let the sweetened vinegar ( now called awasezu ) sit at room temperature or in the refrigerator for as long as you like .
( I have n’t tested to see how long it will last , but several days are certainly fine . )
You cook the rice , adding a little sake to the water if you have it ; the proportions are about one - and - a - half parts water to one part rice , though you can get away with less water if you have a rice cooker .
When the rice is done , you let it sit for 15 minutes or so , then you fold in about a half - cup of awasezu for every two cups of cooked rice .
You do this gently , so as not to crush the rice , but it ’s not as painstaking a process as it ’s sometimes made out to be .
If your goal is to become a great sushi chef , you can take this more seriously .
But for me , it seemed the rough equivalent of folding egg whites into a batter .
The rice will absorb more awasezu than it needs , so you have to keep tasting and stop when you have the right , slightly sweet - and - sour flavor .
Image Among the vegetables on the dish above are eggplant , wasabi mountain yam , Japanese plum and mustard greens .
Credit ... Rebecca McAlpin for The New York Times
Forming the rice looks easier than it is .
The rice is very sticky , so you need to wet your hands between forming each piece .
( You ’ll note that most sushi chefs do this , too . )
Mr. Ueki proceeded to rip off shapes of all kinds : hand - molded nigiri , mat - rolled maki , a kind of “ box ” sushi called oshigata that is popular in Osaka .
( I bought a gadget for making oshigata for $ 5 online ; it works ) , and a variety of less - formally molded shapes .
These , when I got home and began to work myself , turned out to be my favorite .
Even a nicely formed nigiri sushi can take some time .
Once I got the hang of it , I was producing hand rolls in a variety of forms without much trouble .
Ultimately I found three favorites .
First is a quarter sheet of nori , smeared lightly with rice ( about a tablespoon , not much more ) and topped with a couple of bits of whatever  say umeboshi and tofu  then rolled , cigar - or cone - like .
Next is a small rounded pile of rice ( again , about a tablespoon ) with , say , a pile of chopped seasoned greens on top and a thin band of nori wrapped around its side ( like the popular sushi made with uni ) .
Finally , a small pile of rice , crudely shaped but vaguely nigiri-ish , with something on top  prosciutto turned out to be my favorite .
( I never said these were vegan . )
All of these were crude yet recognizable forms of shapes that Mr. Ueki had demonstrated .
Authorities see no evidence to support Taliban ’s claim of responsibility ; focus shifts to ‘ homegrown ’ terrorism ; DHS says no sign of broader plot
New York police said Sunday they were hunting a man filmed leaving the scene of the attempted car bombing of Times Square as President Barack Obama vowed to track the perpetrators down .
Police announced several strong leads in their attempt to find out who left a Nissan Pathfinder SUV with a spluttering homemade bomb in the middle of the teeming entertainment and theater district .
ADVERTISEMENT
A claim of responsibility by a Pakistani group Tehreek - e- Taliban was quickly dismissed as speculation mounted that a US - based or “ homegrown ” terrorist might have been responsible for the scare late Saturday .
“ Although a Taliban bomb maker has claimed on the Internet … we have no evidence to support this claim , ” Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly said .
Posted on YouTube , instead of the password protected websites where other Jihadist announcements are made , the video said the attempted bombing was in revenge for the recent killing of two , top Al - Qaeda leaders in Iraq , US drone strikes in Pakistan and US treatment of a Pakistani neuroscientist , the SITE monitoring service said .
“ Congratulations to the Muslim Ummah on the jaw - breaking blow to Satan ’s USA .
We , Tehreek - e - Taliban , with all the Pride and Bravery , TAKE full responsibility for the RECENT ATTACK IN THE USA , ” an English message on the video said .
There are , however , “ significant credibility questions as to authenticity of this video , ” said IntelCenter ’s Ben Venzke , a private contractor working in support of the US and European intelligence communities .
ADVERTISEMENT
Saying the video needed to be investigated further , Venzke added that “ if the claim is confirmed this would mark the first attack by the TTP ( Tehreek - e - Taliban ) against a target in the US , which the group has been threatening to do . ”
AFP was unable to independently view the video on YouTube .
The video apparently was posted on YouTube early Sunday by Taliban News , but a service message said it had been removed because of a “ use violation . ”
SITE said the video contained an audio message from Qari Hussein Mehsud , a Tehreek - e - Taliban official , that was played over anti-American images with English subtitles .
ADVERTISEMENT
New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg and city police chief Raymond Kelly have also dismissed the claim the bomb was planted by a foreign terrorist group .
“ There is no evidence that this is tied in with Al - Qaeda or any other big terrorist organization , ” Bloomberg told reporters at a press conference held in Times Square .
ADVERTISEMENT
However it remained unclear why the improvised device — comprised of fireworks , propane , gasoline and possibly fertilizer — failed to detonate , despite smoldering after partly catching fire .
On a visit to the oil spill on Louisiana ’s coast , Obama said US security services and New York law enforcement would do “ what ’s necessary ” to find the culprit .
“ My national security teams have been taking every step necessary to ensure that our state and local partners have the full support and cooperation of the federal government , ” Obama said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Police were sifting through a mass of clues , starting with footage from 82 security cameras in Times Square and the car and bomb , which were hauled to police laboratories in New York .
One sequence of film showed a man that Kelly said was acting in a “ furtive ” manner and changing his clothes as he walked away from the area .
He was “ a white male in his 40s ” and “ seen shedding a dark colored shirt revealing a red one underneath , ” Kelly said .
There was no firm evidence that the man was linked to the car and the footage may be “ innocent , ” Kelly stressed .
ADVERTISEMENT
In addition to that footage , Kelly said a tourist passerby had contacted police to say he too “ may have got a picture of the individual ” caught in the frame while he was filming a nearby mounted policeman .
Another strong avenue was the car itself , which had had its identification marks removed and was carrying license plates to a different vehicle .
The engine was still running and the emergency lights were blinking when the car , emitting smoke , attracted the attention of a nearby street vendor .
The vendor , a Vietnam War veteran , told police , who quickly realized it was not an ordinary car fire and brought in the bomb squad .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I did a lap around the vehicle .
The inside was smoking , ” the first officer on the scene , Wayne Rhatigan , told the New York Daily News .
“ I smelled gunpowder and knew it might blow .
I thought it might blow any second . ”
As soon as a bomb was feared police evacuated thousands of people from the area , turning the usually crammed streets into a ghost town .
Many tourists were unable to reach theaters or hotels , but Broadway shows managed to go on and were running normally Sunday , a trade group said .
“ We are very lucky … ( to ) avoid what could have been a very deadly event , ” New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said .
Officials said the bomb was terrorism , but remained cautious , declining to say whether the culprit might be US - based or linked to Al - Qaeda or another foreign group .
ADVERTISEMENT
Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said the FBI , the New York police and the government ’s Terrorism Task Force were probing a “ potential terrorist attack . ”
So far there was no evidence of a broader plot , but law enforcement authorities had been alerted to “ stay on their toes , ” she said .
Police were checking other cameras that may have captured the vehicle , and more importantly , “ people seen driving or leaving the vehicle , ” Kelly said .
The bomb , while threatening “ mayhem , ” according to Kelly , was comprised of the kind of materials available from regular stores .
Bloomberg called it “ amateurish . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Kelly described a multi- layered device consisting of two alarm clocks as timers , a pot of fireworks as detonator , two canisters of gasoline , three propane gas tanks and a large box containing what was believed to be fertilizer .
“ If this had detonated , in my judgment , it would have caused casualties , ” he said .
“ You have a large number of pedestrians in that area . ”
The scare raised tensions across the United States where security forces have been on edge since a young Nigerian allegedly attempted to set off a bomb on a US airliner as it came in to land in Denver , Colorado .
New York City police are on constant alert after a string of terrorist plots and alleged plots in the wake of the September 11 , 2001 attacks .
ADVERTISEMENT
In December they closed Times Square while inspecting a van at first feared to contain a bomb , but which turned out to be carrying nothing dangerous .
In February , Afghan immigrant and self - confessed Al - Qaeda agent Najibullah Zazi , 25 , pleaded guilty to a plot to set off bombs in New York ’s subway system .
He could be sentenced to life in prison .
Last year , four New Yorkers went on trial in an alleged plot to bomb a synagogue in the city and shoot down military planes .
Nearly 3,000 people died in the 9/11 attacks when airliners hijacked by Islamist suicide squads slammed into the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center in Manhattan , demolishing both sky scrapers .
ADVERTISEMENT
Updated from a prior version .
With AFP .
A research team led by scientists from the Duke University Medical Center has developed a way to simultaneously look at the effects of 125 mutations occurring on 14 different genes .
They used zebrafish as a model to analyze the function of every known mutation in an inherited syndrome called BBS , Bardet - Biedl Syndrome .
Being able to analyze the functions and interactions of all mutations in a complex inherited disease could have implications for a broad range of disorders .
The study found that , while mutations at one of at least 14 genes are responsible for the disorder , mutations elsewhere in the genome may modify the severity and diversity of the symptoms .
" The human genome project and new technologies can help us identify mutations in patients ' genomes , but the challenge is how to interpret such variation and how to use it to improve the ability to predict what this means with respect to a patient 's clinical presentation , " said senior author Nicholas Katsanis , Ph.D. , Jean and George Brumley Jr. , M.D. , Professor of Developmental Biology , Professor of Pediatrics and Cell Biology , and Director of the Duke Center for Human Disease Modeling .
" Our work demonstrates that it is possible to develop functional bioassays using a vertebrate model that predicts whether a mutation has a role in a complex disease , like Bardet - Biedl syndrome , which we studied . "
The study was published online during the week of May 24 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
BBS is an interesting disease to use as a study model because it involves a number of different traits that are highly variable among patients , said Katsanis , whose endowed professorship is in the Neonatal - Perinatal Research Institute at Duke .
People with BBS may have retinopathy , obesity , mental retardation , more than the usual number of fingers or toes , and other distinct traits .
BBS has become something of a workhorse for understanding variability of disease in humans , he said .
Simultaneously studying all the mutations in BBS led to some notable discoveries .
Contrary to popular scientific belief , some mutations in BBS not only cause the loss of function of a protein , they actually influence the " good " remaining copies of the protein .
In addition , the researchers saw that a subset of commonly occurring versions of some genes ( called alleles ) can be detrimental to protein function .
The common alleles also can interact with strong , rare alleles to determine a trait .
advertisement
" We speculate that such interactions are probably widespread across genetic disorders , " Katsanis said .
" Indeed , this might help settle a 100 - year - old argument about common versus rare mutations and how they might underlie human genetic disorders .
Perhaps not surprisingly , the answer is both , in a context - dependent fashion . "
Katsanis is a world expert in ciliopathies such as BBS , in which the primary cilium ( protrusion ) of cells is abnormal and leads to a host of problems .
About one child in 1,000 live births will have a ciliopathy , an incidence that is in the range of Down 's syndrome , said Katsanis .
Katsanis said that the complex architecture of BBS probably is not unique to this disorder so the approach used by these researchers could improve understanding of a wide variety of human traits .
The researchers did in vivo tests in fish to learn whether they would develop defects if they had specific mutations and then validated their results with in vitro tests on cells in a lab dish to learn whether the aberrant activity in zebrafish embryos could be explained by defective behavior in mammalian cells .
Importantly , by comparing their data with previous clinical studies , they found their tools to be both highly sensitive and highly accurate , correctly predicting the effect of mutations at 98 percent , with a false - positive rate of less than 10 percent .
" These numbers are quite critical , because they mean that we can use this approach to interpret information in the clinical setting ; these percentages should be good enough for application in clinical labs , " Katsanis said .
" A next step is to develop similar tools to let us evaluate various human genetic mutations within the context of their functions , " Katsanis said .
" Genotype must have a predictive value or it does n't tell us much .
Knowing all of the disease - related variants in a genome is only a starting point , because our work suggests that there is complexity that many do not yet appreciate in disease architecture . "
Other authors include Norann Zaghoul , Yangjian Liu , Jantje Gerdes and Carmen Leitch of the McKusick - Nathans Institute of Genetic Medicine , Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine in Baltimore ; Cecilia Gascue and Jose Badano of the Institut Pasteur de Montevideo , Montevideo , Uruguay ; Yana Bromberg of the Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biophysics , Columbia University Center for Computational Biology and Bioinformatics ; Jonathan Binkley and Arend Sidow of the Departments of Genetics and Pathology , Stanford University Medical Center ; and Rudolph Leibel of the Division of Molecular Genetic and Naomi Berrie Diabetes Center , Columbia University , New York , NY .
The work was supported by grants from the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development , the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases , the Macular Vision Research Foundation , a Visual Neuroscience Training Program fellowship , and the Russell Berrie Foundation .
Photo : Christopher Anderson
Seeking roommate for one - bedroom in Washington Heights .
It ’s a bit small for two but I have to catch up on some bills .
Two friendly cats , but we keep clean because I ’m a little allergic myself .
A little more than half of the $ 950 rent gets you the privacy of the bedroom .
It was August 2003 .
I ’d only recently found work , nearly a year after losing my job organizing school tours at an art museum , and my fiancée had just moved out of our apartment .
It was a small , sunny place on the fourth floor of an old building , high enough on a hill that you could even see a little of New Jersey from the right angle .
We ’d moved up there when she landed a medical residency at Columbia University Medical Center , but we ’d split six months before the wedding .
Without a job , I ’d run up a ton of debt , and I urgently needed extra income to make rent , so I figured I ’d lease out my bedroom and crash in the living room .
I tried to pretend it was darkly funny , but really it just felt pathetic .
I got a flood of responses .
A panicking female college student from the Midwest offered three months ’ rent sight unseen , but she could n’t meet me in person .
An asshole with the e-mail handle of “ elitist1 ” got impatient when I did n’t answer his questions fast enough .
I fell for a blue - eyed , tongue - pierced vegan the moment I opened the door to her , but she was n’t interested in the room , or me .
John “ Don ” Williams was enthusiastic about the apartment , at least .
A middle - aged ghostwriter from California who ’d lived all over , he turned up at my door in cargo pants and long sleeves despite the summer heat and talked with a slight southern drawl .
He was punctual , which I liked .
And he greeted my two cats warmly , which I also liked .
“ I ’ve looked at a lot of apartments , and this is definitely the best arrangement I ’ve seen , ” he said .
I was flattered , though he must have seen some real squalor .
We played with the cats and chatted about pets .
The two of us — a ghostwriter and an aspiring art critic — could compare notes on the writing life , we agreed .
He moved in on August 21 .
At first Don struck me as the perfect roommate .
He was uncommonly neat and clean .
To keep cat hair from coming into his room , he rolled up a towel and push - pinned it to the bottom of the door .
He was often out , and when home , he stayed in his room without a peep for hours on end .
Sometimes he would emerge from his room when I had imagined myself alone in the apartment and had been blasting music , talking on the phone , or listening to public radio while cooking dinner .
He hardly ever had guests and was frequently gone for days at a time .
I was n’t thrilled with his unannounced comings and goings , but I let it go .
If anything , Don seemed boring , either putting his head down or making dull small talk as he passed through the living room .
When he did speak , it was mainly to praise the beautiful women of New York .
He had female guests a couple of times and alluded to several girlfriends .
Despite a ring on his finger , he was n’t married , and in fact , “ the ring does n’t seem to discourage women who are interested , ” he said .
I had n’t dated in a while , I mentioned , but there were some situations I hoped might develop into something .
“ But it ’s like film , ” he advised .
“ It is n’t going to develop unless you bring it into the store to get developed . ”
Four months into Don ’s stay , with cash coming in on time each month , all was going smoothly enough , until the morning of December 13 , when I got home after a long night out to find his room in total chaos .
It had been ransacked .
His clothes , toiletries , and magazines were strewn about the bed and floors .
The closet door hung from one hinge off a busted frame .
His locked red Swiss Army luggage lay slashed open on the floor , the cats sleeping happily among the jumbled contents .
My stuff was untouched , but I was horrified .
I called 911 , but the cops were useless .
“ Talk to your roommate about it when you see him , ” they said .
Who knew when that might be ?
At this point , I had n’t seen Don for well over a month .
In mid-November , I ’d e-mailed to ask whether he’d be back anytime soon .
Had he taken the business trip to London that he ’d mentioned ?
No , he replied .
His younger sister had been in a car accident , and he was in Seattle visiting her .
I had n’t heard from him since .
I e-mailed him repeatedly and got no answer .
Photo : Courtesy of " America 's Most Wanted " ( 1987 , 1990 , 1998 ) ; Courtesy of The California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation ( 2005 )
I started to wonder about my lodger and what he might be hiding in his room .
The break - in seemed too calculated and selective to be the work of a common thief , who might have simply stolen Don ’s luggage or my computer .
Even the cash I ’d stowed in my sock drawer was untouched .
My fantasies turned paranoid .
Was Don a spy — or an Al Qaeda operative who ’d turned my apartment into his base ?
Had the injured - sister story been a ploy to gain my sympathy ?
Or maybe the accident was real but had been caused by some other agent to distract Don long enough to retrieve something from his suitcases .
Unable to reach Don and thoroughly spooked , I changed the locks , packed his few things into a closet , and moved back into the bedroom , convinced he ’d never return .
He did .
On Christmas Eve , he called when I was in the middle of tree - trimming at my parents ’ home in New Jersey .
He told me that his ailing sister had died and he was back in New York but could n’t get into the apartment .
At first I was petrified just to hear his voice , but as we spoke , I started to relax .
Maybe I was insane and he was a normal guy — a possibility I ’d consider over and over in the ensuing months .
I told him about the break - in and said I ’d meet him at the apartment at three the following afternoon .
I got there two hours early .
Mortified at having assumed he skipped town when he ’d actually had a family tragedy , I wanted to make it seem as though I had never moved back in .
Back out of the closet came his luggage , and I scattered things around to make it look convincingly ransacked .
Back on the windowsill went the action figures he had kept there .
His plastic storage containers , just about his only furniture , went back against the wall where I ’d found them .
I reset the clock .
I held my breath .
The doorbell rang at three o’clock , and there he was .
He seemed tired and sad , as you might expect , and at the same time he seemed obsessed with trying to solve the crime .
He searched through the room , sat among the wreckage looking closely at his scattered belongings , and even joked about the perpetrator ’s clumsy closet break - in .
Strangely , despite the damage , little had been stolen — old cell phones , a little cash , a printer , and some marijuana , according to Don .
( The drugs surprised me .
I ’d only seen him drink a beer once , and he ’d said one was his limit . )
I imagined the invasion as retaliation for his womanizing .
One of Don ’s lady visitors had an on - again - off - again ex-con boyfriend — was he the culprit ?
“ It does n’t make sense , ” Don said .
“ That guy , I ’ve seen him around , and if he did this , he would have made it worth his while . ”
Don advanced his own theory : “ Three people had the keys , ” he said .
“ I did n’t do it , my sixth sense tells me you were n’t involved , and that leaves one person . ”
He suspected our eccentric next - door neighbor , Lev , a deeply indebted Lithuanian jazz pianist and self - published science - fiction novelist who fed the cats whenever I went away .
“ You know , he grew up in the Soviet Union , ” Don said , “ so you do n’t know who he might have been involved with . ” I just listened .
It was ridiculous , but his explanation did have a certain Occam ’s - razor appeal .
Don proposed that we mount surveillance Webcams in the apartment ( I refused ) and called in the help of his family .
He brought over a woman he called his sister and had me relate the story of finding the crime scene .
( “ I ’m sorry for your loss , ” I told her .
“ It ’s been a hard time , ” she replied . )
He also told me he ’d sent some items to his brother - in - law in D.C. , “ a Fed , ” he said , “ so if there are any fingerprints on them , we ’ll find out . ”
It occurred to me I ’d touched all his stuff when I moved back into the bedroom .
What if he found out ?
To clear my conscience , I confessed .
“ You handled pretty much everything in there , ” he said , as if asking for confirmation of something he already knew .
“ I found your prints , too . ”
“ Strong work , ” I said , shocked but trying to play it cool .
“ How did you get them in the first place ? ”
“ Oh , well , you know , you could always just take an empty out of the recycling bin or something . ”
Don ’s familiarity with law - enforcement techniques might have alarmed me , but I was too embarrassed about my stunt to think clearly — and his anger over the incident only fueled my guilt .
When I asked him for compensation after he inadvertently damaged an artwork of mine , Don retorted that it should be balanced against the losses he ’d sustained in the break - in , which , as he saw it , happened on my watch .
“ And when you told me about it , you were just , like , ‘ Hey , here ’s what happened , sorry . ’
My reaction would have been , ‘ What can I do ? ’
Because if I see you have a problem , I ’m going to try to help you .
That ’s just the way I was raised . ”
Stung by the insult , I told him he needed to move out .
I did n’t understand why he ’d want to stay , I said hotly , “ when this whole arrangement is obviously broken . ”
But he did n’t react , and in the end , I backed down .
Maybe he was right .
Perhaps I had been selfish and insensitive .
Over my objections , he installed a lock on the bedroom door and left his radio playing WNYC around the clock to discourage intruders .
I complained to friends .
“ He sounds crazy , ” they said .
When I griped to Don about the lock , he made me out to be the lunatic .
“ You said it was n’t a good idea , ” he argued .
“ You did n’t say to take it off . ”
Once again , I gave up .
I needed the money .
In June 2004 , Don was missing again , and he had been gone for weeks .
E-mails I sent him began to bounce back , and his cell phone was not taking calls .
June 21 , rent day , came and went .
I let two more weeks pass before changing the locks .
I then broke into my own bedroom , turned off the radio , and , for the second time , angrily set about packing up the possessions he had left behind .
In his bed , I discovered a laptop and a bulging manila folder that seemed innocuous enough , though I could n’t help but look inside .
There , to my total shock , were scraps of torn - up preapproved credit - card offers I ’d received in the mail and tossed in the trash .
That was n’t all .
On a sheet of notebook paper , he ’d scribbled the names , addresses , and phone numbers of my family members ; my mother ’s maiden name ; the date my parents had married ; and the name and address of a contractor I was working for , apparently copied from a pay stub .
He even had the name and number of a woman I ’d met at a party .
Equally alarming were notes on my credit - card information , along with my sign - in names and passwords to various Websites .
In an instant , I felt like an idiot , a sucker , the Jersey boy I am .
Why had I trusted this stranger ?
I burned with shame and anger as I pictured him listening for me to leave for work in the morning so he could methodically search my trash and boot up my computer .
A ghostwriter ?
What a moron I ’d been .
I ’d never seen him write a word .
But who was he ?
I searched everything in the room .
A letter from JetBlue addressed to a Brandall Platt confirmed a flight to Oakland , California , in November 2003 , the time of one of his previous absences .
There were photocopies of Social Security cards and California driver ’s licenses of a Charles Brown and an Andre Holmes and others .
From the photocopies , I could n’t tell whether the pictures were of my roommate .
I found nothing bearing the name “ Don ” had given me : John Williams .
His bike was gone , but a bunch of withered bananas suggested his absence was unplanned .
Had Don been in an accident ?
A detective from the local precinct suggested I contact local hospitals .
When that did n’t work , he said he ’d start checking jails .
I called my banks and credit - card companies .
Thank God there were no unauthorized charges and no new cards in my name .
I searched the closet , where I spotted a classic composition book that looked like a diary .
Seething over how he ’d invaded my privacy , I tore it open , looking for revelations amid his cramped scribblings , rife with misspellings and sentence fragments .
On one page , Don had mapped out a movie of his life story : “ He learned to drive at eight , he could do anything with his hands , and throughout his life , he could become invisible … ” “ Met with Spike Lee today , ” read one entry .
“ He ’s really interested in the story , and wants me to send him the articles . ”
His journal said he once met Danny Glover by chance in the street and tried to sell him his story as well .
He had even cast the big - screen version of his life :
He was to be portrayed by Denzel Washington .
Laurence Fishburne would appear as his brother .
Angela Bassett would take on the role of his wife , and , of course , Halle Berry ( “ the sexiest woman in the world ” ) would be his girlfriend .
The diary also contained transcriptions of text - message exchanges with real girlfriends — “ u have hurt me 2 many times , ” one wrote — and vague laments over his kids : “ I do n’t even know who I am anymore … all I know is I ’m the father of three beautiful , innocent children … .
My babies , my babies … your dada cries every day . ”
Apparently , he also had reason to fear the police : “ I ’m only now just starting to get over being afraid every time someone looks at me twice in the street … every time a cop looks at me … thinking they know . ”
Know what ?
I was becoming frantic .
Craving more answers , I turned to his laptop , handing it over to a systems - administrator friend to circumvent his password protection by installing a new operating system .
The sign - in name added yet another entry to the growing list of pseudonyms : Dino Smith .
There , among various pictures of Don and his family , flyers for a business venture offering tours of the Bay Area in a Hummer , and a poster offering his services as a “ personnel assisitant , ” was the following diary entry , dated April 27 , 2003 :
I ’m @ location 4 .
It ’s been how many days now ?
Lets count from the 14th-15-16-17-18-19-20-21-22-23-24-25-26-27 > 13 days today , dam , two weeks tomorrow … how the hell do I prove I was not there ?
When I truly was not there ?
Who the hells going to believe me .
I ca n’t even get up on the witness stand , When those fuckers are going to do everything they can not to lose this case … I wo n’t sit up in jail for who knows how long and I know I ’ve been set up by those no good fucking cops that I know do n’t like me .
My hands started to shake .
Had I been harboring a fugitive ?
Don had struck me as creepy , but I was n’t prepared for this .
My heart raced as I wondered what crime the cops could possibly want him for .
I thought about the break - in , his absences , the dead sister , the fingerprinting … but what did it all add up to ?
Was he a victim of circumstance — or a serial killer ?
Was I his next target ?
I became obsessed with getting answers .
Then I searched the most obvious place of all : Google .
I typed in the name “ Dino Smith , ” and a couple of clicks later , there it was .
His mug shot , on the America ’s Most Wanted Website .
He was a suspect in the biggest jewel heist in San Francisco history .
I gaped at the screen in disbelief , then ran in circles , howling obscenities : “ Fuck fuck fucking shit fuck fucker !
Holy FUCK ! ”
I burned with shame and anger as I pictured him listening for me to leave for work in the morning so he could methodically search my trash .
I scanned the Web for more clues , cringing at each revelation .
According to the Los Angeles Times , one night in April 2003 , Dino , his brother Devin “ Troy ” Smith , and accomplices allegedly broke into a vacant restaurant adjoining Lang Antique & Estate Jewelry , burrowed through the wall , disabled the motion detectors , and hid in the bathroom overnight .
When the employees arrived in the morning , the thieves forced them to empty the safes at gunpoint , then tied them up .
The robbers hauled away $ 6 million to $ 10 million worth of diamonds and other jewelry in garbage bags .
Four months after the heist , “ Don ” the ghostwriter moved in with me .
He ’d been eluding the cops for fourteen months when he was captured on June 4 , just a few days after I had last seen him .
The police finally caught up with him outside the A subway station at Howard Beach–JFK Airport , where they had followed a girlfriend who ’d flown in from the West Coast to visit him .
Dino and his brother had served time before .
They were a notorious crime duo despised by cops and prosecutors for their slick arrogance and flamboyance .
Known for his acrobatic robbery style , Dino reportedly escaped the police by using a handcuff key he ’d hidden in the seam of his underwear .
Between them , Dino and Troy had generated 20,000 pages ’ worth of court documents , according to the L.A. Times .
In 1990 , the brothers were arrested , and later convicted , for a foiled plot to kidnap and rob Lawrence Lin , also known as Dr. Winkie , the eccentric owner of the San Francisco nightclub DV8 .
( Wearing body armor and carrying semi-automatic rifles at the time of their arrest , the two improbably told cops they were on the way to protect Lin . )
They were also convicted for a 1989 robbery in which they stole $ 400,000 worth of jewelry from the home of Victoria Magana , the widow of a Nicaraguan drug lord .
This time , they told police she staged the theft herself to avoid payment on a $ 500,000 drug debt .
All told , Dino had 47 years to serve , and Troy 42 .
But they were sprung after less than a decade when both convictions were overturned , one because of attorney misconduct , the other thanks to police misconduct .
After their 1998 release , the brothers tried — and failed — to go straight .
A brief stint as seamen for merchant ships at the Port of Oakland ended badly when the Coast Guard realized they ’d lied about their criminal past on the applications , the Times reported .
Troy fell deep into debt , and his marriage was falling apart .
His wife claimed he had punched her in the face and had allegedly threatened that if she tried to leave , “ I ’ll make what O.J. did to Nicole look like a paper cut , ” according to the paper .
What , then , might Troy have in mind for me ?
After all , he was still at large .
Could Dino have given him my personal information ?
Could Troy be living as Brian Boucher at this very moment ?
I was so scared I called 911 , convinced that he was on his way to find me .
The cops looked around the apartment , twirling their batons as I tried to explain .
“ If you see the brother , call the police , ” they said , and left .
I had better luck with the San Francisco police the following day .
“ We ’ve really been hoping for a phone call like this , ” said Dan Gardner , a robbery inspector for the SFPD .
One evening just before the Republican National Convention , four men arrived at my apartment : the towering Gardner and his partner , along with two New York detectives .
“ So where ’d ya find da jewels ? ” one of them cracked .
They donned rubber gloves and went to work , tearing outlets and switch plates from the wall , fondling the futon .
One mentioned a Manhattan Mini Storage locker of Dino ’s containing power tools and a concrete saw .
I asked if they thought I ’d hear from Dino again .
“ Look , ” Gardner told me , “ I do n’t want to scare you , but they did catch him trying to escape from Rikers Island once already while he ’s been in custody . ”
In May 2005 , I received a call from Jerry Coleman , a San Francisco assistant district attorney who asked me to come testify in the trial .
Weeks later , I sat by myself in a San Francisco courtroom .
The sole observer was a woman I ’d seen in pictures from Dino ’s computer , and it struck me that she and Dino had the same features .
She had to be his mother .
A door opened and in walked Dino , looking sharp in tan pants and a black polo .
No orange jumpsuit , no cuffs .
The room fell silent .
I had n’t seen him in almost a year , and I could n’t take my eyes off him .
He sat and arranged his files , then turned to me and nodded hello with a nervous look of forced ease .
“ Hey , roomie .
How funny seeing you here , ” he seemed to say .
As they swore me in , I was afraid the microphone on the witness stand would pick up the sound of my heart pounding .
“ Sir , in the events you ’ve described , would you say you were acting as an agent of the police ? ”
Dino ’s lawyer asked .
Huh ?
I leaned into the microphone .
“ No , sir . ”
Maybe this would n’t be so hard .
Dino frequently shook his head , seemingly disgusted at the state ’s flimsy case against him , and furiously took notes as I enumerated the identifying information he had collected on me .
The defense attorney tried to undermine the legitimacy of the computer evidence , on the basis that I ’d left it with a friend to work on overnight .
“ So you do n’t know what your friend did , by your own personal knowledge ? ”
“ I guess that ’s true . ”
“ No further questions , your honor . ”
On June 3 , 2005 , based in part on evidence found on the computer he left behind , the jury convicted Dino Loren Smith , 55 , on eight of eleven counts of robbery , false imprisonment , burglary , and conspiracy .
On November 10 , he was sentenced to 23 years in prison .
He is now under processing at San Quentin , while authorities decide where to send him .
I still have n’t figured out who ransacked Dino ’s room that time .
Was it a would - be accomplice who ’d been cut out of the jewelry - store job ?
Somebody who ’d heard Dino bragging in the street ?
Was it Dino himself , trying to see how I ’d react ?
Who knows ?
Nothing was what it seemed with my ex-roommate — the dead sister in Seattle never existed ; the one he brought to the apartment was actually his wife .
An even bigger mystery concerns Troy , who ’s still on the lam despite the FBI ’s $ 50,000 reward .
Every so often , I see a guy in the street who resembles his mug shot and I ’m spooked into thinking it ’s him .
I tell myself I ’m just being crazy , but then I ’ve said that before .
I ’ve since moved out of the place where I lived with Dino , into an upper -Manhattan apartment that I share with a financial planner , a dance teacher , and their 5 - year - old son .
I found them on Craigslist .
Weekend box office : poor , poor “ Iron Man 2 ″ …
“ It broke no records ” seems to be the fairly silly refrain .
According to Box Office Mojo , “ Iron Man 2 ” made only an estimated $ 133.6 million Paramount and Marvel Productions .
Why , that ’s not even enough money to buy a pound of Kobe beef for the entire state of Hawaii !
Of course , at $ 163,193,428.00 they ’ll hit that milestone shortly .
( Yes , I did the math , based on the $ 380.00 it costs to buy four pounds of Kobe New York steaks via mail order from Neiman - Marcus . ) .
That ’s the problem with all this bar setting , it makes massive success look like failure .
I personally succumbed to that mania partially on Thursday .
I did that mostly in deference to the gurus who generated the mania , even knowing that , while it ’s not a bad movie , almost everyone seems to agree it ’s some level of let down from the first film — the only real disagreement is how much .
( There are people out there who did n’t even care for the first film for perfectly legitimate reasons , shocking as that might be to some of you . )
Jon Favreau has made some charming movies — I love “ Elf ” — but “ The Dark Knight , ” this ai n’t .
However , Anthony D’Alessandro points out some good reasons why , in terms of box office at least , that might be an unfair comparison .
He also mentions that it pulled a 31 % improvement over the original ’s opening , which is “ well within the perameters [ sic ] for most sequels . ”
It ’s worth noting that the movie more than justified the one record it really did break — the number of theaters it was booked into .
It ’s 4,380 screens enjoyed by far the week ’s best per screen average ( which usually goes to a limited release film ) with a terrific per-screen average of $ 30,502.00 .
Still , I ca n’t help wondering if Favreau ’s improvisational approach , which he discussed in some detail at the film ’s press conference , might have limited the power of the film ’s story and hence it ’s long - term appeal .
We ’ll see .
In any case , given the film ’s international take of $ 194 million so far according to Nikki Finke , it ’s already significantly exceeding its $ 200 million production budget by roughly $ 127 million .
That is not shabby .
( $ 200 million is now considered low for this kind of movie , I guess .
Marvel is the stingy maker of efx laden epics .
I guess there are a number of big salaries to pay . )
Coming in a very poor second indeed is the latest horror remake , “ A Nightmare on Elm Street . ”
It dropped a gigantic 72 % in its second week , obviously not generating a whole lot of excitement in terms of word of mouth and also probably sharing a big part of its youngish audience with “ Iron Man 2 . ”
Coming in third place is Warner ’s extremely strong “ How to Train Your Dragon ” which is leggy as all get out and made $ 6.76 million in its seventh week .
It cracked the $ 200 million mark this week , though it ’s $ 165 million budget shows just how risky a gamble this kind of movie can still be .
However , if you can make a family picture that parents truly enjoy , you can be reasonably sure the world will beat a path to your door .
It ’s also important to remind everyone that Sunday has n’t actually happened yet as I write this and I ’m not sure the Mom ’s day factor is all that easily predictable .
One movie that could benefit from a Sunday surge is the “ awww ” generating documentary , “ Babies , ” which did okay in it ’s 534 theater release , earning $ 1.575 million and a per-screen average of $ 2,949.00 .
The week ’s second highest per-screen according to Box Office Mojo ( which is missing several key movies on its list ) also benefits from a mom ’s day tie - in as its title , “ Mother and Child , ” makes clear .
It earned about $ 11,000 per screen at four theaters for Sony Classics .
According to Indiewire , that figure was nearly matched by a movie that is just a few years younger than Betty White , Fritz Lang ’s once - again re-restored “ Metropolis ” which — visually , anyhow — blew me away at the TCM Classic Film Festival just a weekend or two ago .
Actually , there ’s much more going on regarding limited releases than I have time to discuss , including strong business for “ Please Give ” and “ Exit Through the Gift Shop ” as well as not - bad biz for “ Harry Brown ” and perhaps some spectacular showings on individual screenings for that horror movie I ’m not talking about .
The above - linked Indiewire is the place to go for such information .
ANKARA , Turkey — Russian President Dmitry Medvedev urged the United States on Wednesday to actively work to achieve peace in the Mideast with the support of other nations , and hinted that no one should be excluded from the peace process , including Hamas ..
His comment appeared to indicate Moscow 's willingness to become an active Middle East mediator .
On Tuesday , during a visit to Syria , Medvedev said Israeli - Arab tensions threaten to draw the Middle East into a new catastrophe , adding Moscow 's weight to a diplomatic push to ease antagonism between Israel and Syria .
Washington recently launched US - mediated peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians , but signs of trouble already have emerged .
On Monday , Israel said it does n't intend to halt construction of Jewish housing in east Jerusalem .
The Palestinians accused Israel of undermining trust and urged US President Barack Obama to intervene .
Medvedev said no one should be excluded from the Mideast peace process , a clear reference to exiled Hamas leader Khaled Mashaal who met with the Russian president in Damascus on Tuesday .
" We have to include all conflicting parties and not exclude anyone from this process , " Medvedev said .
The Russian president said countries that are not close to the region also have " responsibilities " to work for peace in the entire Mideast .
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
RELATED
" We are facing a human tragedy in Gaza , so that there is need for more efforts , even though we can't solve all problems , " Medvedev said .
Gul said the Mideast conflict is the source of " unrest " in many parts of the world and must be stopped .
Medvedev also said Iran must " adopt a constructive approach in some way , " as the US and its allies rally for new UN sanctions against Teheran regarding its nuclear program .
Iran has denied charges that it is secretly building nuclear weapons .
" The Mideast must be a region cleared from nuclear weapons , " Medvedev said .
" The use of nuclear weapons in the region would be a disaster . "
Medvedev said Russia would hold talks with Iran and Israel on the issue .
On Tuesday , Russia urged Israel to join the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty and open up its long - established but unannounced nuclear arsenal to the UN monitoring agency .
Israel 's officially unacknowledged arsenal of perhaps 80 nuclear weapons is the only such stockpile in the Mideast .
Russia expands involvement in Turkey
Later Wednesday , Turkey and Russia were to sign a series of cooperation agreements in trade and tourism , including the lifting of entry visas in a bid to further bring the former Cold War era rivals closer .
Medvedev and Gul vowed to triple the bilateral trade volume to around US $ 100 billion in the next five years .
Turkey , a US ally , served as NATO 's foremost base during the Cold War but has seen its relations rapidly develop with Russia since the fall of the Soviet Union .
Gul said several new energy projects are on the agenda , including a pipeline that could pump Russian oil from Turkey 's Black Sea coast to the Mediterranean and construction of its first nuclear power plant with Russian help .
Medvedev , meanwhile , supported reconciliation efforts between Turkey and Armenia while acknowledging that " it is a difficult issue . "
The Indian IT ministry has floated the idea of developing a made - in - India operating system to reduce the national dependence on foreign software and increase resilience to viruses and IT - based attacks .
My reaction to this wavers back and forth depending on how I think about OSes : if they 're a resource , like oil , then " reducing dependency on foreign OSes " makes a certain kind of sense .
But if OSes are machines or standards — like engines , or metric — then " reducing dependency " on them is ridiculous .
A country that " reduces its dependency " on using the same classes of invention as are used abroad is literally vowing to reinvent the wheel .
The government formed a high - level taskforce in February to devise a plan for building indigenous software , said a senior intelligence official who is a member .
The panel will also suggest ways to conduct third - party audits on existing software in government offices to prevent online sabotage attempts until the software 's launch , he said .
The overwhelming belief among government bosses is that an indigenous low - grade , but clean , software could nix the chances of foreign states infiltrating the computers of key Indian establishments and compromising the country 's security .
" A sanitised , lower level operating system and application software may be preferred to the advanced versions , which necessarily require access to internet for upgrades , " the official said .
The new software could be deployed in key departments that have been under constant cyber attacks .
The taskforce also includes officials of the Prime Minister 's Office as well as defence , home and telecom & IT ministries .
The move to constitute the taskforce comes after the defence ministry raised concerns over use of anti-virus products of foreign vendors in the wake of a series of attacks on its systems by China - based hackers .
Govt to develop own operating system
( via Silklist )
( Image : Keyboard Layout )
There is a huge industry out there providing equipment for use in the outdoors .
Some of it is useful and some of it is frankly rubbish .
I have to admit I tend to be a bit of a magpie when it comes to kit .
I have bought far more stuff than I ever use and I ’m still looking for that magic extra bit of equipment that will make the rest of my luggage feel lighter somehow .
One of the things Bushcraft can teach you is “ Carry less by knowing more ” .
Leaks and rumours pointing to Nokia ’s comeback in the smartphone game have been gaining momentum recently and the latest one to join the fray comes from a very reputable source .
A senior Microsoft executive has confirmed the fact that Nokia is about to make a comeback and has set the timeline for the launch of its first smartphones in years somewhere around Q2 2017 .
“ HMD Global ( the owner of Nokia commercial rights for 10 years ) planned to launch two new phone products in the fourth quarter 2016 and at least two smartphones in the early second quarter 2017 , ” CEO of mobile device commodities at Microsoft , Asia Pacific , James Rutherford was quoted in a Vietnamese publication .
Steady barrage of leaks and rumours
Facts and evidence pointing to Nokia ’s comeback are mounting steadily .
Last week , Nokia announced via Twitter that it ’s CEO Rajiv Suri will be a keynote speaker at MWC 2017 .
Additionally , there have been a barrage of leaks and rumors pointing to Nokia making a comeback in the smartphone scene with 2 flagship devices and 1 tablet .
Earlier this month , a device by the name of Nokia D1C was spotted online with mid range specifications like a 64 - bit Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 octa-core processor , 3GB of RAM , 32GB of internal storage , a fullHD screen ( display size uncertain ) and the Adreno 505 GPU .
Later , a listing on GFX Bench confirmed that the leaked device is not actually a smartphone , but a tablet as it has a screen size of 13.8 inches .
Tying this up with the other rumours pointing to two flagship handsets with the Snapdragon 820 SoC , we get a nice range of Android products from Nokia to look forward to .
Will Nokia be able to challenge Apple / Samsung ?
Nokia ’s fall from grace was brutal and harsh .
Once the biggest mobile phone manufacturer in the world , its fate was sealed after its decision in 2011 to partner with Microsoft ’s Windows Phone and sideline Android .
All that is old news now .
This is 2016 .
And it seems Nokia has finally embraced Android .
Will Nokia be able to make a dent in today ’s smartphone market ?
Will it be able to challenge the big guys , Apple and Samsung ?
Sound off in the comments !
Eight Dems allege that BP made false statements about its ability to stop a massive oil spill .
Dems want criminal inquiry into BP
Eight Democratic senators asked the Obama administration Tuesday to open a criminal investigation into BP for allegedly making false statements to authorities about the ability to stop a massive oil spill .
Democrats on the Environment and Public Works Committee are taking aim at a BP statement in a Feb. 23 , 2009 , document submitted to the Minerals Management Service , in which the oil company claimed that “ in the event of an unanticipated blowout resulting in an oil spill , it is unlikely to have an impact based on the industrywide standards for using proven equipment and technology for such responses . ”
Advertisement
In a letter to Attorney General Eric Holder , the Democratic senators contrast the 2009 statement with BP ’s May 10 , 2010 , press release , in which the company claims “ uncertainties ” with the methods used to stop the oil leak because “ they have not been tested in these conditions before . ”
Sen. Barbara Boxer ( D - Calif. ) , the chairwoman of the EPW committee , is hosting Environmental Protection Agency chief Lisa Jackson , Interior Secretary Ken Salazar and Nancy Helen Sutley , chairwoman of the Council on Environmental Quality , at a hearing Tuesday afternoon .
Boxer is joined in sending the letter to Holder by Democratic Sens.
Amy Klobuchar ( Minn. ) , Jeff Merkley ( Ore. ) , Ben Cardin ( Md. ) , Frank Lautenberg ( N.J. ) , Kirsten Gillibrand ( N.Y. ) and Tom Carper ( Del. ) .
Vermont ’s independent Sen. Bernie Sanders also signed the letter .
The success of scientists in the US in developing the first living cell to be controlled entirely by synthetic DNA has led to a call for a ban on the research .
The scientists constructed a bacterium 's " genetic software " and transplanted it into a host cell .
The resulting microbe then looked and behaved like the species " dictated " by the synthetic DNA .
Experts agree that the technology could radically change the world but some are objecting to its use on safety and ethical grounds .
Pallab Ghosh reports .
READ MORE : Scientists make ' artificial life '
I think everyone hates commercials on TV during your favorite show or sports game .
Nevertheless , businesses need to somehow reach people and broadcasting companies need to make profits that it would be possible to show your favorite TV show or sports game .
So , there is a good reason for them , but we all know that tedious and repetitive ads do not influence us that much .
However .
sometimes people come up with awesome ideas and create amazing commercials not only video ones that collect millions of views on YouTube and other social media platforms .
One of such examples would be “ Never say no to Panda ! ” that won two Grands Prix at Dubai Lynx International Advertising Festival in 2010 .
It is still one of the most memorable ads for me .
But today I am not going to show you creative video ads .
You can find hundreds , probably thousands of compilations of such as on YouTube .
I am going to present to you creative print ads that will make you giggle and if you are looking for inspiration , I hope it will inspire you .
Thus , here is a list of 33 creative smart print ads to enjoy .
The Nikon S60 : Detects up to 12 faces
If you do n’t fight child abuse , who will ?
Pantene : Hair fall control
Upwords :
The game of changing letters to bring up the new words
Yamaha :
The greatest fidelity on the sea
2100 Watt Vacuum Cleaner
Bad food , Bad dog
An intense awakening
Granny ’s fries without the granny
Light off .
Green on .
Ortoimplant :
All your teeth back just in 24 hours
ISCA : Beautiful taps
Even an old calendar becomes new again every 28 years
Pepsi :
One very very very lonely calorie
When you decide to drink and drive
Want some ?
Cigarettes smoke people
Mischief :
It ’s fun to be scissors
Creativity is all about how many rules you can forget
Realistic costumes
Do n’t let them get comfortable
Three of a kind vs .
Pair of kings
Pattex superglue : Instant hold
The other side of America
Stihl :
Think bigger
There ’s a much juicier chew
Koba : Long lasting batteries
She ’s only with him for his biscuits
Bose : Acoustic noise canceling headphones
If you found an amazing print advertisement on the web , which is creative and smart , You can submit it via our contact form !
We are always waiting for new submissions !
Also , we are always waiting for a new topic submissions !
And please consider not blocking ads here .
They help pay for the server .
Pennies at a time .
Literally .
Comment count is 13 SolRo - 2010-05-20
I submited this if only for when he rinsed off that little piece of paper and blew my mind .
Everything else is great too
splatterbabble - 2010-05-20
- 2010-05 -20 I loved this show when I was in my 20s ...
cognitivedissonance - 2010-05-20
...no... nothing ...
glasseye - 2010-05-20
- 2010-05 -20 That 's the great thing about this show , they 're both real tinkerers , not actors with wealthy producers behind them making sure everything is " perfect " .
oddeye - 2010-05-20
Rex ( the fat one with the beard ) dominated the UK version of " Robot Wars " for a while .
When I was like 10 I thought that was awesome .
fluffy - 2010-05-20
How is it that I 've never watched this show before ?
mashedtater - 2010-05-20
I NEED MORE OF THIS SHOW ON THE DOUBLE
Miskimo - 2010-05-20
- 2010-05 -20 All available here http://www.exploratorium.edu/ronh/SLOM/ with Tim Hunkin 's blessing .
All three series are brilliant .
Jet Bin Fever - 2010-05-25
- 2010 -05 - 25 Bless you Miskimo ...
I 've had this series floating in my head for the past 20 years or so .
twinkieafternoon - 2010-05-20
I want my family crest inbedded in that blue - print looking gel stuff .
I think it would be cool .
Syd Midnight - 2010-05-20
I love the animation of appliances dancing to dub music .
jreid - 2010-05-21
Saw the title , had to auto 5 it
Broose182 - 2010-05-21
The dub music always catches me off guard but it 's always a nice surprise .
Register or login To Post a Comment
I did n't see anything about this on the forum yet .
I just heard about this yesterday and thought it was priceless .
It seems that after a recent Tower of Power performance in Albuquerque NM , a city councilman who was in attendance helped himself to a pair of David Garibaldi 's drumsticks from the stage and then invited himself back to the dressing room for some free food .
Here 's a link to the news story : http://www.pollstar.com/blogs/news/archive/2010/02/11/709279.aspx
Here 's an email from David Garibaldi in which he explains things and includes a copy of the letter he wrote to that council member , which he then CC'd to the entire city council .
The whole thing probably skirts close to making a mountain out of a molehill -- BUT I 'm with Garibaldi on this one .
I think this story really plays into everybody 's frustrations with politicians these days .
Here 's the email and the letter ---
************
Folks ,
By now you 've received an email about an incident that happened on a Tower of Power gig last week in Albuquerque , NM .
What you received from Dennis ( who , before reading the email , said he thought I might have hit my head out here on the road ) is n't quite accurate , so I 'm sending you the email wrote addressing the situation .
The email I sent to this gentleman details the facts about what happened .
The word " pizza " came from a paper in Albuquerque , and was something they made up ... they were trying to make a little " funny " !
Seeing as how this is now going around and it sounds funny , " Drumsticks and Pizza " , I thought I 'd let you in on what really happened .
Pretty weird ... I was going to leave it alone , but the encounter with this person was so troubling I could n't sleep .
Right or wrong , this is what I did .
Anyway ... my email to this guy details what took place .
I Cc'd the other city council members so that they would know what happened .
One of them forwarded it to the local TV station , and from that point , it was on !
Oh boy !
Hope you 're all doing well !
DG
*********************
Here 's the email I sent ... the gentleman 's name is Don Harris and he's an Albuquerque city councilor .
Don ,
David Garibaldi here .
I 'm the drummer with the Tower of Power , and we met Saturday evening at The Albuquerque Hispano Chamber of Commerce gathering .
Ever since our meeting I was troubled by what transpired , so I thought I 'd drop you a line and express my thoughts to you .
Just to recount the events surrounding our meeting ...
Prior to our show , you and your son came into our dressing room without asking and introduced yourselves to me , our guitarist Jerry Cortez , and trumpet player Mic Gillette .
You wanted your son to meet us , which we were more than happy to do .
We spoke for a few minutes and you mentioned that you were a lawyer and a politician and that you played saxophone at one time , had studied music and when you began to play after graduating , you said music was n't a very good life .
You expressed this to some folks who have been very successful musicians all their lives .
I 'm 63 years old and have been playing the drums since the age of 10 , and a working musician since the age of 17 .
As a boy , my dream was to travel the world playing the drums ... I 'm living my dream .
My work is well documented and my reputation speaks for itself .
After the show I again saw you and your son backstage , and you showed me a pair of drum sticks that you had taken off of my drum set .
I was pretty surprised and said that your taking them was n't a good idea .
i did n't want to make a scene and allowed your son to keep them ... you said something about not knowing what the " protocol " was .
Then , in the dressing room in front of most of the band members , you asked me why that was n't ok ... I replied " because you did n't ask " .
Again , I did n't want to make a scene and embarrass you in front of your son and said he could keep them , but in retrospect , I should have asked for the sticks back and said what I 'm saying now .
Our dressing room is our sanctuary before shows where we can relax and focus on our performance , so I was n't expecting to have to deal with you in that way .
That " protocol " you mentioned is n't really protocol ... it's my property , and you had no right whatsoever to my property .
You 're a lawyer and should know this .
Obviously , the rules do n't apply to you .
The dressing room was our private area , and you had no right to be there without permission .
Again , I guess you thought because you 're a city council member , you can go where you want , and take what you want .
Sorry .
You took my property without my permission , and thought it was ok .
Your now son thinks it 's ok too .
Where did you get this idea that you could take what 's mine without asking ?
You came into our dressing room without an invitation , ate our food without asking , and also took my drumsticks without my permission as a prize for your son .
Yes , it only a pair of drumsticks , but sir , they 're my drumsticks and they mean something to me ... they represent my life and all I 've worked for .
I hope we do n't meet again ... you 're what wrong with politicians today .
You represent yourself and your own interests and definitely showed how little respect you have for what I do .
You 're not welcome at our shows .
We 've been doing this for 42 years , and are serious about our craft .
We 're also serious about the impression we leave behind .
Your bio says you studied the saxophone with the late Jackie McLean ... one of the greats .
I 'm a fan of his and often listen to his recordings .
You studied with someone who understood the tradition of the instrument and respected it .
Based on your behavior , I would n't include him on your bio ... if he knew what you were up to , he probably would n't approve of it .
It was an embarrassing moment , totally unacceptable and I have no recourse but to write you , and to Cc your colleagues on the city council , so they 'll know what kind of person they 're working with , if they do n't already .
If I knew any media people there in Albuquerque , I 'd be including them here as well .
Aside from this , it was a tremendous event , staffed and attended by some very nice people ... my compliments to a very professional Joe Bufalino and his crew for making us feel welcome .
Respectfully ,
David Garibaldi
Drummer - Tower of Power
******************
WASHINGTON  The Pakistani Army ’s announcement last week that it planned no new offensive against militants for as long as a year has deeply frustrated senior American military officers , and chipped away at one of the cornerstones of President Obama ’s strategy to reverse the Taliban ’s gains in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
When Mr. Obama announced his decision in December to send 30,000 additional troops to Afghanistan , he and his aides made clear that the chances of success hinged significantly on Pakistan ’s willingness to eliminate militants ’ havens in its territory , including in the tribal region of North Waziristan .
United States officials described the American and NATO surge of troops as a hammer , but they said it required a Pakistani anvil on the other side of the border to prevent the Taliban from retreating to the mountains .
Now that strategy appears imperiled by Pakistan ’s latest statement .
On Thursday , soon after Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates arrived on a two - day trip to the country , the Pakistani Army ’s chief spokesman , Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas , rebuffed American pressure to step up attacks in North Waziristan .
That area is the main base of operations for the Haqqani network , which stages operations against American and Afghan forces in Afghanistan .
It is believed to be responsible for many of the attacks on Kabul , including a devastating assault early last week near the presidential palace .
Fighters from Al Qaeda and the Pakistani Taliban have also been concentrated in North Waziristan , including many who were driven out of their positions in South Waziristan by recent Pakistani Army operations .
Recognising that British courts have become a prime destination for " libel tourists " , the House of Lords has recently established a government panel to look into the possibility of amending its laws to make it tougher for foreigners to bring defamation suits in Britain .
The UK is notorious for its plaintiff - friendly libel laws which have been accused of being " contemptuous of free speech " and making a " mockery of British justice " and because they silence writers through expensive litigation .
But even as Britain attempts to prevent frivolous libel suits , the battle continues in the US .
American courts are being utilised by radical Islamic groups to stifle writers through " lawfare " – the use of law as a weapon of warfare – a tactic that has had a " chilling effect " on free speech .
In contrast to the British laws , American libel law favours defendants .
However , plaintiffs in the US have learned to sue their critics for defamation , not with the intent to win the case , but with the hope of imposing an unaffordably high cost on criticism of their actions .
A recent case is most instructive : the American Civil Liberties Union sued the government - funded Tarek ibn Ziyad academy for allegedly promoting Islam – a violation of church - state separation .
TIZA counter - sued for libel over the ACLU 's statement that it is a " theocratic school " .
On 9 December 2009 the court dismissed TIZA 's counterclaim because , as a public school , it is required to show that the ACLU 's statement was false and that it was also made with actual malice or a reckless disregard for the truth , which it was unable to do .
How , in TIZA 's estimation , would a libel lawsuit against the ACLU – one of the strongest defenders of Muslim civil liberties in the wake of 9/11 – have had any chance of succeeding ?
The fact is that this case is part of a pattern of defamation lawsuits brought to silence critics of controversial Islamic organisations due to increased scrutiny post - 9/11 .
The strategy , which has included actions such as libel tourism in the UK , often works .
Though most defamation claims are deemed baseless by US courts , the enormous cost a lawsuit imposes and the smear of bigotry it achieves has stifled legitimate discussion of some suspect behaviour .
Litigation – and the threat of litigation – has prevented concerned citizens from speaking freely and stopped the publication of important information .
In 2003 , Hussam Ayloush , executive director of the southern California office of the Council on American - Islamic Relations , sued the National Review for publishing an allegedly defamatory statement relating to a CAIR - sponsored event .
Though NR retracted the statement , Ayloush pursued the suit , aiming , in NR 's view , to intimidate and punish the magazine .
The court threw out the case for lack of merit , but NR still paid more than $ 50,000 in legal fees .
That is a fraction of what a libel defence can cost .
In 2005 , the Islamic Society of Boston sued the Boston Herald and nearly a dozen others for defamation .
The ISB was building New England 's largest Islamic centre and the defendants were raising legitimate questions about the ISB 's connections to terrorist financing and hate speech .
Though the ISB dropped the lawsuit – just weeks before some of their leaders were to give sworn testimony – the defendants incurred close to $ 2 m in legal costs .
The ISB lawsuit had even more damaging consequences .
Howie Carr , a columnist for the Boston Herald , said he " know [s ] the ISB lawsuit has had a chilling effect on journalists in Boston " .
An analysis of the articles printed in the Herald from summer 2003 to winter 2007 supports Carr 's statement .
Between summer 2003 and winter 2005 , the Herald published 19 articles mentioning the ISB 's alleged connection with radical Islamic groups .
After the lawsuit began in 2005 until winter 2007 , the paper whitewashed its reporting and no longer mentioned radicalism in the 20 articles that covered the ISB 's activities during that period .
Before 2001 , there were five documented defamation cases relating to radical Islamic groups .
After 2001 , that number rose sharply .
Though roughly 20 cases have been identified , the extent of the problem is difficult to determine since these cases are typically settled out of court .
Often , the plaintiffs have substantial resources and the defendants cannot afford the legal costs .
A 2004 survey by the American Society of Journalists and Authors found that about 70 % of freelance writers earn less than $ 50,000 annually .
It is not surprising then that some would silence themselves , calculating that the personal cost of a lawsuit outweighs the need to inform the public .
It is also impossible to know how many threats of a lawsuit have led to self - censorship or inappropriate retractions by writers who fear that their writing , while protected as free speech , will land them in court .
The New York Times , Wall Street Journal , New York Daily News , and Boston Herald have all been sued for libel for reporting about the plaintiffs ' connections to radical Islam .
Large newspapers may be financially capable of putting up a defence , but may not want the hassle or expense , even when the truth is on their side .
Perhaps most daunting is that the extent of the problem is hidden – one cannot know what editors under pressure deem not suitable to publish .
It seems that the UK is beginning to understand the danger that frivolous libel suits pose to free speech and is , therefore , considering the option to reform its laws to secure this most basic democratic value .
But as Britain is trying to thwart libel tourism and stop lawsuits that unjustly attempt to prevent the publication of information , the rise in strategic " chilling effect " litigation is a growing concern in the US .
Freedom of speech will continue to suffer as long as lawfare is a threat , and the ultimate loser will not be the media – it will be the public .
• This article was amended on 9 and 10 February .
The headline and standfirst were altered after the authors objected that the original versions did not accurately represent the article 's intended meaning .
We agreed .
A reference to a lawsuit by the Council on American - Islamic Relations ( CAIR ) was amended to clarify that the suit was lodged by a CAIR regional official .
SEOUL , South Korea — Tensions on the Korean peninsula soared Tuesday as South Korea resumed propaganda broadcasts into North Korea in retaliation for the deadly sinking of a warship , while the North 's leader reportedly has ordered troops ready for combat .
The South 's restarting of psychological warfare operations was among measures it announced Monday , along with slashing trade , to punish Pyongyang for the March torpedo strike that sank a navy warship and killed 46 sailors .
The US has thrown its full support behind South Korea 's moves to retaliate , which also include bringing North Korea before the UN Security Council .
China — North Korea 's main ally and aid provider and a veto - weilding member of the Security Council — has so far done little but urge calm on all sides .
US Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton was in Beijing conferring with officials on a coordinated response .
China 's top nuclear envoy , meanwhile , huddled with South Korean officials in Seoul .
South Korea 's military resumed radio broadcasts airing Western music , news and comparisons between the South and North Korean political andeconomic situations late Monday , according to the Joint Chiefs of Staff .
The military also planned to launch propaganda leaflets Tuesdayto inform North Koreans about the ship sinking .
In coming weeks , South Korea also will install dozens of propaganda loudspeakers andtowering electronic billboards along the heavily armed land borderbetween the two Koreas to send messages enticing communist soldiers todefect to the South .
The action , which ends a six - yearsuspension , is expected to draw an angry response from North Korea .
Thecountry 's military already warned Monday it would fire at anypropaganda facilities installed in the Demilitarized Zone .
“ The brain appears to be an efficient superhighway that gets you from Point A to Point B ” when it comes to intelligence , Dr. Jung explained .
“ But in the regions of the brain related to creativity , there appears to be lots of little side roads with interesting detours , and meandering little byways . ”
Although intelligence and skill are generally associated with the fast and efficient firing of neurons , subjects who tested high in creativity had thinner white matter and connecting axons that have the effect of slowing nerve traffic in the brain .
This slowdown in the left frontal cortex , a region where emotional and cognitive abilities are integrated , Dr. Jung suggested , “ might allow for the linkage of more disparate ideas , more novelty and more creativity . ”
Dr. Kounios , of Drexel , said that Dr. Jung was doing original and interesting work , but he maintained that trying to find a correlation between creativity and a single area of the brain is an “ old - fashioned approach . ”
Image Left , before an insight , activity drops in the visual cortex ; right , in the “ aha ! moment , ” activity in the right temporal lobe spikes .
Credit ...
John Kounios , Drexel University
“ Creativity is a collection of different processes that work in different areas of the brain , ” Dr. Kounios said , so the creative act must be broken down into tiny pieces .
He also rejects utility as part of the definition , arguing that there can be brilliant and creative failures — what he calls near misses .
Last year he and Mark Beeman , a psychologist at Northwestern University , published a paper on what he calls the “ Aha ! moment , ” the sudden insight that solves a problem , reinterprets a situation or explains a joke .
In their test , they used simple word puzzles that could be solved either with an instant creative insight or a quick analysis .
For example , here are three words : crab , pine and sauce .
Now , think of a single word that could be combined with each of the three to form a familiar term .
British defense secretary : ‘ We are not a global policeman ’
Senior British officials , including new Foreign Secretary William Hague , arrived in Afghanistan Saturday with a warning that Britain wants to withdraw its troops as soon as possible .
Hague , Defense Secretary Liam Fox and International Development Secretary Andrew Mitchell are set to meet President Hamid Karzai in their first visit to the country since a new coalition government took power in London this month .
ADVERTISEMENT
Hague described Afghanistan — where around 10,000 British troops are helping fight a Taliban - led insurgency well into its ninth year — as “ our most urgent priority ” in comments released from London as the party touched down .
In an interview with The Times newspaper before arriving in Kabul , Fox made clear the visit would focus on speeding up the withdrawal of British troops from Afghanistan , and that no new troops would be deployed .
“ We need to accept we are at the limit of numbers now and I would like the forces to come back as soon as possible , ” he was quoted as saying .
“ We have to reset expectations and timelines .
“ National security is the focus now .
We are not a global policeman .
We are not in Afghanistan for the sake of the education policy in a broken 13th - century country .
We are there so the people of Britain and our global interests are not threatened , ” Fox said .
ADVERTISEMENT
With Karzai having promised that Afghan forces will take on responsibility for the country ’s security by 2014 , Fox said he would see if training could be accelerated to that end .
“ I want to talk to people on the ground , our trainers , to see whether there is room to accelerate it without diminishing the quality , ” he said .
His frank comments came as Britain ’s defense ministry announced the death of a Royal Marine in southern Afghanistan on Friday , bringing to 286 the number of British soldiers killed in the country since 2001 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Since the overthrow of the Taliban regime in late 2001 , a total of 1,778 foreign troops have died in the Afghan war , 1,081 of them from the US .
Britain is the second biggest provider of troops and aid to Afghanistan , behind the United States .
ADVERTISEMENT
Fox also said British troops , stationed in southern Helmand province , would not relocate to neighbouring Kandahar , where the US is leading international forces in what they hope will be a final fight to eradicate the Taliban .
NATO — which with the US has 130,000 troops in Afghanistan , due to peak at 150,000 by August — announced Friday that about 8,000 British troops in Helmand are to come under US operational control .
The move is part of a restructuring of NATO forces in the volatile south of the country , the Taliban heartland where fighting is fiercest .
ADVERTISEMENT
Command of forces in the south is being divided into two , NATO said in a statement .
Britain ’s Major General Nick Carter will oversee Kandahar , with US Major General Richard Mills taking over command of neighbouring Helmand .
US and NATO troops are building up operations against the Taliban in Kandahar , with military planners saying they hope to have pushed the insurgents out of the city , and the province of which it is capital , by the time the fasting month of Ramadan starts in August .
Hague said before his arrival in Kabul that the new counter - insurgency strategy of General Stanley McChrystal , head of NATO forces in Afghanistan , needs “ time and support to succeed ” .
“ We are here in Afghanistan to explore this at the earliest opportunity , ” he said , adding that as a foreign policy priority , Afghanistan “ will consume a lot of our time , energy and effort and it is therefore vital that ministers have a strong understanding of the issues ” .
ADVERTISEMENT
The importance of Afghanistan to the new British administration was underscored last Saturday when Karzai became the first foreign leader to meet Prime Minister David Cameron .
Britain ’s new Conservative - Liberal Democrat coalition government has said it wants to cut the defense budget by at least 25 percent but has pledged to support the country ’s armed forces in Afghanistan .
The trio of visiting ministers are expected to meet British troops — along with English football star David Beckham , who arrived at Camp Bastion in Helmand late Friday on a “ morale - boosting ” visit , a military official said .
Beckham was expected to spend the weekend in Helmand , splitting his time between Bastion and the British base in the provincial capital of Lashkar Gah , which also serves as an outpost for British aid projects in the region .
With a career spanning nearly six decades , Gerhard Richter is widely considered one of the greatest artists of our time .
To explore the artist 's work and life , click on an image below .
The most comprehensive assessment to date of global adult mortality appears today , April 30 , in The Lancet .
The study , " Worldwide mortality in men and women aged 15 - 59 years from 1970 to 2010 : a systematic analysis " , shows that across countries , inequality in adult mortality has grown to the point where adult men in Swaziland -- the country with the worst mortality rate -- now have a probability of premature death that is nine times the mortality rate of the best country , Cyprus .
The rates of mortality in southern Africa are now higher than mortality rates were in Sweden in 1751 .
The research also shows that the United States has fallen significantly behind other countries in reducing deaths .
In 1990 , the United States ranked 34th in the world in female mortality and 41st in male mortality , but by 2010 , it had dropped in the rankings to 49th for women and 45th for men .
This puts it behind all of Western Europe and lower - income countries such as Chile , Tunisia , and Albania .
" With adult mortality , we are seeing this massive spread between the best and the worst off , unlike what we have seen with maternal mortality and what we are seeing with children , both of which have seen major progress since 1970 , " said Dr. Christopher Murray , University of Washington ( UW ) professor of global health and director of the Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation at the UW .
Using new methods developed by IHME , researchers generated estimates for 187 countries of the probability that an individual who has just turned 15 will die a premature death before reaching age 60 ( termed 45q15 ) .
The researchers point to a range of factors for the widening disparities .
AIDS sharply reversed positive trends in mortality in the 1990s in Africa .
Increased incomes in some countries appear to be increasing the prevalence of risk factors for disease , such as high blood pressure and obesity .
Smoking also continues to play a large role throughout the world .
Women overall have seen their health improve more than men have .
In the 40 years between 1970 and 2010 , adult mortality fell by 34 percent in women and 19 percent in men globally .
The gap between adult male and female mortality widened by 27 percent in that period .
" We have had these estimates for child mortality for two decades now that have been enormously influential in informing debates about priorities for child survival .
But we have been remarkably ignorant around adult mortality , " said Dr. Alan Lopez , head of the School of Population Health at the University of Queensland and one of the paper 's co-authors .
" We need to apply the same passion that surrounds keeping children alive to keeping young adults alive . "
Other key findings include :
The lowest risk of death in adults was recorded in Iceland ( men ) and Cyprus ( women ) .
Mortality rates for men and women in 37 countries are higher in 2010 than they were in 1990 .
Eastern Europe has seen one of the largest public health reversals of modern times .
Russia has fallen from a rank of 43rd place for female mortality in 1970 to 121st .
Since 2005 , sub -Saharan Africa has seen strong mortality declines , a possible result of efforts to prevent new HIV infections and to treat AIDS patients with antiretroviral drugs .
South Asia , and India in particular , had among the highest female mortality in the world in 1970 .
Both the region and the country have seen major declines .
In 2010 , it is better to be a woman in India than it was to be a man in the United States in 1997 .
The list of countries with the lowest adult mortality has changed greatly .
Only three -- Sweden , the Netherlands , and Norway -- remained in the top 10 for male mortality between 1970 and 2010 .
Until now , adult mortality research has focused on a subset of the global population and has often relied on estimates derived from child mortality numbers .
IHME calculated mortality rates using vital registration data , censuses , surveys on household deaths , and sibling survival histories .
###
Gtk tabs in emacs , new branch .
From : Jan Djärv Subject : Gtk tabs in emacs , new branch .
Date : Thu , 01 Apr 2010 15:07:27 +0200 User-agent : Thunderbird 2.0.0.24 ( X11/20100317 )
Hello .
I 've published a new branch ( I hope , it is the first time I do this ) that adds
Gtk+ tabs to Emacs , it is at bzr.savannah.gnu.org/srv/bzr/emacs/gtk-tabs .
Tabs is n't visible internally , it looks like just one frame at the lisp level .
Window configurations are used when switching between tabs .
I think this
may cause flicker on slower machines .
Making Emacs use Gtk+ double buffering
here would help .
I may violate running Lisp from C restrictions here , but I
am not sure .
Tabs most likely introduces new frame sizing errors .
The TODO file talks about tabs on each window .
To make this happen , at least
for Gtk+ , each window needs to be its own widget , instead of one widget per
frame as we have now .
This is a bigger task .
You can drag tabs to reorder them , drop them on another frame to move it there and drop on the root window to create a new frame .
The tabs themselves should be smaller IMHO , but the x to delete a tab makes
them larger than the text .
Lisp code is in native - tabs.el .
Keybindings are : ( global - set - key " \C - x7 \ C - f " ' find - file - new - tab ) ( global - set - key " \C- x70 " ' tab - delete ) ( global - set - key " \C- x71 " ' tab - delete - other ) ( global - set - key " \C - x72 " ' tab - new ) ( global - set - key " \C - x7f " ' find - file - new - tab ) ( global - set - key " \C - x7o " ' t ab - next ) ( global - set - key " \C - x7n " ' tab - next ) ( global - set - key " \C - x7 p " ' tab - previous ) ) )
The lisp interface is : ( find - file - new - tab ( filename &optional wildcards )
Edit file FILENAME , in a new tab .
( tab - new &optional LABEL FRAME )
Create a new tab with label LABEL in frame FRAME .
If LABEL is nil , use current buffer name .
FRAME nil means use the selected frame .
Returns the key for the tab , which can be passed to `tab - delete ' .
( tab - delete &optional KEY FRAME )
Remove tab KEY from frame FRAME .
KEY is what `tab - new ' returned or nil , which means the current tab .
FRAME nil means use the selected frame .
( tab - delete - other &optional FRAME ) Remove all tabs from frame FRAME except the current one .
FRAME nil means use the selected frame .
( tab - set - label LABEL &optional FRAME )
Set label for the current tab in frame FRAME to LABEL .
LABEL nil means use current buffer name .
FRAME nil means use the selected frame .
( tab - next &optional FRAME )
Go to the next tab on frame FRAME .
Wrap around to the beginning if current tab is last .
FRAME nil means use the selected frame .
( tab - previous &optional FRAME )
Go to the previous tab on frame FRAME .
Wrap around to the end if current tab is first .
FRAME nil means use the selected frame .
I 'm sure there are tons of bugs .
I have not compiled this tree for anything
other than Gtk+.
Jan D .
reply via email to
The Web 2.0 Expo happening in San Francisco has us quite excited , as Zedomax.com , a blog revolving around technology and gadgets , has found an Android tablet prototype smoothly running Flash and Air .
As you may remember , Adobe had a bit of a falling out with Apple last month , and vowed to instead gun for Android at full speed .
With that announcement , we found out that the private Air / Flash beta has been a huge success with developers , with some porting their apps from Flash / Air to Android in a matter of hours .
According to Max , the founder of Zedomax , the tablet he saw was running Flash and Air apps , including Youtube , flawlessly :
It runs Adobe ’s Flash and Air apps flawlessly .
That was the first time I saw Adobe ’s Air apps running on a tablet and totally impressed by how it ran .
Check out his videos below :
Mike , the Adobe representative Max was speaking mentioned a whole slew of Android tablets coming before the end of the year , though he refused to name the companies involved ( we know of quite a few already , no worries there ) .
Here 's to all the great Flash content we 'll finally be able to access on our mobile devices , hopefully starting in early 2H of 2010 !
Sources :
I gotta admit most Japanese commercials are so entertaining I could watch them for hours 😛
This guy must be a mutant !
Brian Doben ’s
At Work series started as a personal project focused on capturing individuals and their passion for what they do .
Over the past eight years , Doben has captured countless subjects , across the globe , doing what they love .
During the pandemic alone , he ’s completed over forty new shoots .
In a time when shoot protocols are ever - evolving , the appeal of At Work is twofold .
The extensive archive is available for immediate licensing .
Further , when shoots are an option for your project , Doben is available to create bespoke content tailored to your brand .
No stranger to collaboration , Brian has worked with prominent companies to help humanize their brands .
He is committed to providing a creative solution for your next project .
Despite its flaws , FFXI had some awesomeness that I have yet to see replicated well in other MMOs .
The job / subjob system was awesome , not having to reroll 12 characters to experience the different classes .
Being able to share sweet gear between said jobs without having to use a shared bank or mail or heavens forbid it 's No Trade / Bind on Equip / etc .
The crafting system was brutal , but made it hard to get up there and even when you were , HQing items for profit was a risky business .
Farming materials was n't just running up to a harvest node and clicking .
In most cases it involved killing monsters or shops with limited supplies ... which the damn gil - sellers monopolized .
* shakes fist *
The transportation gave the world a sense of scale .
Having to ride chocos around , take airships or get a Tele ( and then have to choco from there ) made you feel how big the world was .
Too many MMOs offer " click this button to be auto - pathed within 50 feet of your destination . "
There were so many things I loved about FFXI , but just did n't have the time to turn it into a second job as was required to advance further than I was .
With FFXIV somewhat catering to solo / casual play , I 'm hoping they 'll pull together what I loved and at least downscale the hated parts .
Their rethinking of the leveling / equipment / class system intrigues me a lot .
Is multiclassing gone , or can I equip a fencing sword to get Red Mage - ness and a robe to get White mage - ness , for example ?
I realize those classes may not exist in XIV , just saying as an example .
Still , whether multiclassing is in or not , it seems they 're sticking to the idea that one character can perform multiple roles with a simple change of jobs , or in this case , equipment .
If done right , this game will do very well for them .
I know a lot of ex-FFXI players like myself who are drooling over this .
I was listening to K.O. as background wallpaper , while busying myself with blogging and such -- when this stunning conversation JUMPED right off of the screen !
I had heard about Fungibility before , but now it was being drawn in the stark black and white context , of the pending Gulf Coast disaster ...
So for your further wonderment and elucidation , I present that , stunning Political News segment , definitely worth thinking about :
Keith Olbermann and Chris Hayes , editor of The Nation , discuss the Politics of the Gulf Oil Spill .
Monday May 3 , 2010
Link to MSNBC Video
The entire clip is good , but the cut that made me take notice
was the Segment 6:40 - 7:10
Here is that Transcript :
OLBERMANN :
The arguments also , speaking from the right , that the " drill baby drillers , " like half - Governor Palin , that domestic drilling remains crucial to energy independence , the oil that was -- that 's coming out very successfully right now , unfortunately , not into anybody 's coffers but the B.P. oil and other companies in the Gulf and elsewhere , this is not -- when it is not spilled and destroys ecology , it does not automatically go into the U.S. and does not automatically go into the domestic reserve .
It 's sold on the open world market like every other -- HAYES :
That 's right .
OLBERMANN : -- barrel of crude that comes up safely out of the desert in -- you know , in Saudi Arabia .
Would n't that make that entire " drill , baby , drill " argument , what 's left of it after this disaster , sort of hogwash ?
HAYES : Yes .
It has been hogwash from the beginning .
OLBERMANN : Yes .
HAYES : I mean , it 's been incredibly frustrating .
And you just said this very well and we should repeat it a million times , and spend an hour talking about it because it 's really important .
It 's a fungible global commodity .
When it comes up out of the ground , it gets sold on international exchanges .
And so , there is no such thing as reducing our dependence on " foreign " oil .
There 's no barrels marked somewhere , " foreign . "
What you can do is reduce your dependence on oil .
When you reduce your dependence on oil , that is something you do on the demand side .
It 's not something you do on the supply side .
There is n't enough supply to put a dent in the global escalation of prices for oil we 're going to see with China and India , increasing demand .
What we can do , is we can make our economy , our transportation much more efficient so we just do n't need as much oil .
Like I said -- stunning .
I thought we were risking So Much ( with Domestic Drilling ) -- because the consequences of not doing so , would just keep us " forever hooked " on Foreign Sources of Oil .
Turns out however , that Addiction is still Addiction .
And suppliers are still suppliers --
No matter where that " interchangeable commodity " , has been first tapped from the Earth .
We are risking our precious Environmental resources , to keep the economic engines of China and India running .
To keep the Global Oil Corporations , rolling in all those ' Windfall Billions ' .
To keep ourselves , still " dependent " on an ever more " obsolete " Energy Source .
Oil Addiction is still Oil Addiction .
It 's a fungible global commodity
I 've often thought Economic Literacy {and Science Literacy} , for the masses , is essential to achieving a true representative , people - driven Democracy .
Sometimes you got to fight Fire with Fire .
Fight Econ - Fed speak with more Econ - worker speak .
Effect Supplies , by changing your Demands .
Sadly however , Economic Literacy is NOT a priority in America .
Never has been .
Probably never will be .
Afterall it is easier to grow Fungi , if you keep the crop in the dark , and feed 'em plenty of BS .
fungible fun·gi·ble ( fŭn'jə - bəl )
adj .
1 . Law .
Returnable or negotiable in kind or by substitution , as a quantity of grain for an equal amount of the same kind of grain .
2 . Interchangeable . n. Something that is exchangeable or substitutable .
http://dictionary.reference.com/...
FACTBOX - Biggest US Gulf of Mexico offshore drillers
March 31 , 2010 ( Reuters )
Here is a list of the Gulf of Mexico 's biggest players and their projects : OIL MAJORS : BP Plc ( BP.L ) Thunder Horse , the largest oil and gas platform in the world , 250,000 barrels of oil per day and 200 million cubic feet per day of natural gas
[...]
Royal Dutch Shell ( RDSa.L )
Perdido , 100,000 barrels of oil per day , 200 million cubic feet per day of gas
[...]
Chevron Corp ( CVX.N ) Tahiti , 125,000 barrels a day of oil , 70 million cubic feet per day of gas
[...]
INDEPENDENTS : Anadarko Petroleum Corp ( APC.N ) Independence Hub , 1 billion cubic feet of gas per day ; Marco Polo , 120,000 barrels a day of oil ,
[...]
Apache Corp ( APA.N ) Geauxpher , 91 million cubic feet per day of gas ;
[...]
BHP Billiton , Australia ( BLT.L )
Neptune , 50,000 barrels a day of oil
The American Civil Liberties Union is helping two people who have posted Internet writings critical of Pennsylvania Attorney General Tom Corbett fight a subpoena seeking their identities .
ACLU attorney Vic Walczak said today he would file a motion to quash the subpoena if an agreement with the attorney general ’s office ca n’t be worked out .
Walczak says using courts to unmask political critics is unconstitutional retaliation .
Corbett is the Republican nominee for governor .
The subpoena issued to Twitter Inc. May 6 by a statewide investigative grand jury seeks information about Twitter users @bfbarbie and @CasablancaPA .
Both users have been critical of the Bonusgate investigation by Corbett 's office into the use of public resources to run political campaigns .
A Twitter attorney says it discloses user information only in " limited circumstances . "
A phone message left for Corbett spokesman Kevin Harley was not immediately returned .
Grand jury secrecy makes it difficult , if not impossible , to know why the identities of bfbarbie and CasablancaPA are being sought .
But in an interview with the AP last year , Corbett said he was aware of anonymous critics of his investigation , and mentioned by name Brett Cott , one of three people who were convicted of public - corruption charges in March after a trial that lasted nearly two months .
" We know people like Brett Cott are on the blogs all day , making stuff up , " Corbett said .
Cott was an aide to former Rep. Mike Veon , D - Beaver , who also was convicted of multiple counts .
Veon 's sentencing is scheduled for next month .
Cott 's sentencing is scheduled for Friday , and Walczak said the deadline for Twitter to respond to the subpoena was recently moved up from Friday to Thursday , further suggesting to him it may somehow be connected to Cott 's sentencing .
Cott and his lawyer both declined comment about CasablancaPA — the blog or the Twitter user — on Thursday .
This story has been updated from an earlier version .
Image caption Greenpeace campaigners unfurled a protest banner at BP 's headquarters
BP has said more oil than the 5,000 barrels a day it initially estimated is flowing from a burst oil well into the Gulf of Mexico .
The energy giant said a long tube it inserted into the gusher at the weekend was now siphoning 5,000 barrels a day , but that more was escaping .
Meanwhile , US officials have ordered BP to use a less toxic chemical to disperse the crude .
The spill has reached Louisiana and is now threatening Florida and Cuba .
Oil has been gushing since the offshore drilling rig Deepwater Horizon , leased by BP , exploded off the coast of Louisiana on 20 April and sank two days later .
' A little more '
BP had stuck by its first estimate that some 5,000 barrels , or 210,000 gallons , a day of crude was leaking from the well - despite claims from several experts that the figure was at least 10 times higher .
But BP spokesman Mark Proegler told news agency AFP on Thursday : " Now that we are collecting 5,000 barrels a day , it might be a little more than that . "
A live video feed that shows the oil gushing from the well has been made available by BP after pressure from a US congressman .
It shows a large , flowing plume of oil and gas next to the tube that is carrying some of it to the surface .
GULF OIL SPILL Live pictures ( External site )
Mr Proegler continued : " We said from the beginning , our experts have been saying there really is no reliable way to estimate the flow from the riser . "
The oil firm 's temporary solution has been to funnel the oil up to a ship , but on Sunday it is preparing its latest attempt to seal the rupture .
Engineers are planning a so - called " top kill " operation , in which heavy mud would be injected to stem the oil flow , then cement used to block the well permanently .
The procedure has worked before to stop oil gushing above ground , but like other methods BP is exploring , it has never been used a mile below the sea , where the well is located .
The US Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) has told BP to use a new dispersant to contain the oil spill , as fears grow about potential damage from the use of such chemicals .
BP has used a number of dispersants , all approved by the EPA , to try to break up the crude .
Outrage from environmentalists over the ballooning slick - which is visible from space - has been mounting .
Greenpeace campaigners scaled the London headquarters of BP on Thursday and unfurled a flag with BP 's logo and the words " British Polluters " .
Image caption
An ocean current is threatening to carry the oil into the Atlantic
It emerged on Wednesday a small portion of the slick had entered the so - called Loop Current , which could take it to Florida and up the eastern US coast .
Florida 's state meteorologist said it would be at least a week before the oil reached waters near the state .
Farther south , US officials have been talking to Cuba about how to respond should the spill reach the island 's northern coast , said a US state department spokesman .
100 % tiles
september 2004
international design competition
under the theme of TILES -
it is all about decoration and contemplation .
---
the jury was composed of
- fernando and humberto campana , designers ( brazil )
- barnaba fornasetti , designer , son of piero fornasetti ( italy )
- kazuhiro yamanaka , designer ( uk )
- ian rudge , managing director 100 % design
- birgit lohmann , editor - in- chief designboom.com
---
participants : more than 1500 , from 79 countries
prototype-entries received : 578 projects
the jury made its selections , and did a great work -
from the combination of choices the honorable mentions
and winning entries were chosen .
---
there are two winning entries ex-equo ,
one with an artistic , the other with a technological approach .
they will be awarded with a
free booth for next year 's
100 % design show ( 2005 ) in london .
BAGHDAD —
The electoral coalitions of Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al - Maliki and the other major Shiite bloc in Iraq announced a postelection alliance on Tuesday night that cleared the way for a Shiite - dominated government for the next four years .
The new alliance — not unlike the one that emerged after Iraq ’s last parliamentary election in 2005 — strengthens the position of the country ’s main Shiite parties but does not yet guarantee Mr. Maliki re-election for a second term .
It did marginalize the largely secular and Sunni coalition led by a former interim prime minister , Ayad Allawi , who emerged as the narrow winner of the election in March .
Mr. Allawi , a Shiite , now has little chance of winning enough votes in the new 325 - member Parliament to become the country ’s leader .
That could intensify sentiment among Sunnis that despite voting in force , they remain disenfranchised in Iraq ’s new democracy .
“ The fear is this alliance will have a sectarian color , ” Vice President Tariq al - Hashimi , a Sunni allied with Mr. Allawi , said in a statement read by an aide after the announcement .
“ That is how Iraqis and the world will see it , whether we like it or not .
This development will be a tragic step backward . ”
Enlightened perl programmers often complain about how outdated most online perl manuals .
Truth is , some of the official documentation is quite outdated too .
Perl ships with a lot of documentation , some of it is old and badly needing some maintenance .
For example , a quick ack through the documentation showed about 250 cases of open used with a glob as its first argument ( e.g. open FOO ; ) , even one in perlstyle !
I think everyone agrees that in 2010 that 's no longer a good example .
I do n't think it has a place outside of perlfunc and perlopentut .
The same argument goes for two argument open and use vars .
I 'm sure there are plenty of other issues that I can't think of right now .
That 's not hard to fix , in fact you could almost write a program for it .
It may be a lot of work though to fix all of them , but not so much to fix them one by one .
Some things are harder .
Some things are a lot more work .
Let 's take some docs on object oriented programming perlbot , perltoot and perltooc for example have n't seen major updates since 1995 , 1997 and 1999 respectively .
perlboot and perlobj seem to have had the most loving the past decade , but can still use some more attention .
Surely we all agree a lot has happened in object oriented perl in the mean time .
We do n't directly assign to @ISA anymore in our modules , do we ?
But there 's much more to improve in the documentations .
Why does perltrap list traps for perl4 , awk and sed but not for modern languages like python , php or ruby ?
Why does n't perlipc use IO ::* instead of low level functions ?
Why is n't perlmodinstall Build .
PL aware ?
I suspect many other pieces of documentation that I have n't taken a good look at that could also use a spring ( autumn for inhabitants of the southern hemisphere ) cleaning .
The good part of the story ?
You can help .
This work can be done not only incrementally , but also distributed .
Edited to add : So how to get started ?
perlrepository has detailed information how to submit patches .
The easiest way is to fork perl at github and when you 're done mail the perl - 5 - porters about it .
Advertisements
Sarah Palin was on Fox News Sunday today and when asked about Rand Paul ’s comments on the Civil Rights Act , she blamed the media , specifically Rachel Maddow .
Palin said , “ Being able to engage in a discussion with a TV character media a media personality who perhaps had an agenda in answering the question and interpreting his answer as she did . ”
Here is the video courtesy of Media Matters :
After touting Paul ’s clarification of his civil rights position , Palin then blamed MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow , “ I think there is certainly a double standard here .
When Rand Paul had anticipated that he’d be able to engage in a discussion , he being a Libertarian leaning constitutional conservative , being able to engage in a discussion with a TV character media a media personality who perhaps had an agenda in answering the question and interpreting his answer as she did . ”
Advertisements
She then claimed that Maddow was prejudiced even before the interview , “ So you know one thing that we can learn in this lesson that I have learned and Rand Paul is learning now is do n’t assume that you can engage in a hypothetical discussion about constitutional impacts with a reporter or a media personality who has an agenda , who may be prejudice before they even get into the interview in regards to what your answer may be , and then the opportunity that they seize to get ya .
You know they ’re looking for that gotcha moment , and that ’s what it evidently appears to be what they did with Rand Paul . ”
Here is what Palin leaves out .
Rand Paul had been on Rachel Maddow ’s show before .
He even officially announced his candidacy on Rachel Maddow ’s show .
Rand Paul was no stranger to Rachel Maddow and her program .
He knew what the interview would be like , and Palin , who refuses to go on Maddow , could never tolerate the tough questioning interview style of the MSNBC host .
Here is the Maddow / Paul interview :
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
As you can see , Maddow was not trying to push an agenda , but she was trying to get Paul to discuss what he stands for in terms of the Americans with Disabilities Act , and the Civil Rights Act .
Palin also leaves out that Paul himself is the one who made the Civil Rights Act with his comments on NPR .
In essence , Palin ’s advice to Rand Paul is to not go on any networks that will ask tough questions , because as we all know in Palin speak any hard question is gotcha question .
By the way Maddow ’s question was not a hypothetical .
She threw him softballs on whether not he believed in legalized discrimination , but Paul is the one who brought up in his own modifying the one title of the civil rights act that relates to the private sector .
Maddow did n’t even bring this up .
Rand Paul did .
Rachel Maddow did n’t “ gotcha ” Rand Paul , he “ gotchaed ” himself .
No Republican would ever do well by following Palin ’s advice , because if they did they would never do any national media , except the right wing .
A party can not win elections by just sticking to Fox News .
Palin was repeating the talking points , because as usual she has no idea what she is talking about .
It is a safe bet that she has never watched the interview , yet she feels free to question the motives of Rachel Maddow .
Palin and Fox News and all the other Rand Paul / right wing apologists can blame Maddow , but the tape does n’t lie , even if Sarah Palin does .
Palin was pulling an old political trick , when you do n’t like the answer to a question impugn the credibility of the questioner .
The problem for Palin is that she has no credibility , thus her attack on Maddow is her own version of “ gotcha ” self - denial .
Teacher 's brutal attack on boy , 13 , at U.S. school posted on YouTube
A schoolteacher has been fired after she brutally attacked a 13 - year - old pupil in front of a classroom full of students , according to US reports .
Shocking video footage appears to show Sheri Davis dragging , kicking and slapping sixth grader Isaiah Johnson after squaring up to him as he cowered in a corner .
The alleged beating is thought to have lasted almost a minute and was filmed on a mobile phone by another pupils before being posted on YouTube .
Scroll down to watch the video
[ caption ]
[ caption ]
Officials at Jamie's House Charter School , a centre for children with disciplinary issues in Houston , Texas , are reportedly ' horrified ' .
The 40 - year - old teacher has been sacked and bosses have apologised to the youngster and his furious mother , Alesha Johnson .
Police have been called in to investigate amid public outcry , which came after the video was obtained by Ms Johnson and aired on Houston 's Fox News channel .
Some children can be heard laughing on the tape as Isaiah struggles to defend himself against the teacher .
' I was on the wall like this trying to get away from her and she started hitting me , banging my head to the wall and kicking me , ' Isaiah said .
' The teachers piled up and they were looking over each others shoulders just watching . '
[ caption ]
[ caption ]
Ms Johnson said her son had returned home with bruises on his face and a black eye that day .
' He said to me " Mum what would happen to a teacher that was beating on a kid ? " ' she said .
' I was like " why , what happened ? " and he told me that a teacher jumped on him today .
' I immediately called the school to find out what was going on .
' After it happened , he had wanted to call me and they would not let him call me . '
Ms Johnson added : ' Most of the students had been taking a test and then they put them in an empty room .
' They were all dancing around , playing and they had music going and they were dancing .
' One of the girls told my son " Shut up , stop laughing at me or I 'll punch you in the face " .
' My son was jumping around saying " come on hit me then " .
' The teacher saw him through the window and that 's when she came in saying " You want to beat on little girls ? " saying she should teach him a lesson .
[ caption ]
[ caption ]
' My son never touched the girl ' , she told Fox News .
' She just went in there straight after him . '
Teachers who attack are now being quizzed by school officials and could face disciplinary action .
Davis had reportedly worked at the school for three years and had no prior complaints against her .
Ms Johnson filed a complaint with Houston Police Department , but added that she was not satisfied with the school 's response .
' The teacher who beat on my son has apologised , ' she said .
' But I 'm not satisfied .
They ( the school ) have cameras in every room , they told me to come back in a couple of hours because they had to rewind the tapes to get back to that day .
' When they called me back they asked me to come to the school .
I asked them if they saw what was going on in the classroom and they said that they could n't see anything and they wanted me to come in .
I never went . '
Harris County Sheriff 's Office confirmed to Fox News that an investigation was under way , although no charges have been filed .
A statement school Principal David Jones said : ' Now that officials at Jamie 's House Charter School have been able to review the video on Fox News , we are horrified at the actions of the teacher .
' There is no excuse for a teacher to behave in this way with a child .
Although we had already removed the teacher from the classroom and put her on administrative duty , we now plan to terminate the teacher and make an apology to the student and his mother .
' In addition , the school will investigate whether other teachers witnessed this terrible incident and did not come forward to report it .
Those teachers could be facing disciplinary action , as well .
' Educators are entrusted by parents with their children every day and we have a responsibility to see that they are not only taught but treated with respect .
The Liga 's leading scorer Óscar Cardozo struck twice to give SL Benfica a 2 - 1 win against Rio Ave FC that proved enough to secure the Lisbon side their 32nd Portuguese title and first in five years .
After failing to wrap up the championship at the first attempt last weekend – losing 3 - 1 at third - placed FC Porto – Benfica required just a draw to be crowned champions for the first time since 2005 .
Paraguay striker Cardozo got them on the way after just three minutes , profiting from lax defence before finishing from close range .
The visitors ' task was made all the more difficult by the 11th - minute dismissal of Wíres but they nevertheless drew level on 69 minutes thanks to a Ricardo Chaves header .
Jorge Jesus was nonetheles able to breathe a sigh of relief with 12 minutes left when Cardozo added another to take his tally for the season to a league - best 26 – one more than Porto 's Falcao .
Victory was enough for the Eagles to finish the campaign five points clear of SC Braga , who ended with a 1 - 1 draw at CD Nacional but are still assured of a place in next term 's UEFA Champions League third qualifying round .
Benfica go straight into the group stage .
" We achieved our goal , " said Jesus .
" We knew from the first day that it was possible .
We did it on the last day with some anxiety .
We waited for the right moments but conceded a goal that we did n't expect .
It was a difficult match .
Benfica deserve this title as we were the team who played the best and most attractive football during the season , ending with the best attack .
I think the key moment was the [ 1 - 0 ] win at Nacional [ on 14 March ] . "
Joining Benfica and Braga in European competition next term will be Porto , whose third - place finish earns them a UEFA Europa League third qualifying round berth , and Sporting Clube de Portugal , who will enter the same competition one round earlier .
Eamon de Valera might not have made it to the 1916 Rising had he got the job he wanted at UCC three years earlier , writes CORMAC SHERIDAN
THE COURSE of Irish history might have looked very different had a job fallen right for an aspiring young mathematician .
Éamon de Valera very nearly won a post as professor of mathematics in 1913 , something that would have diverted him from his eventual life in politics .
Dev got close to securing the professorship of mathematical physics at University College Cork three years before the Rising .
Had he won the post , the course of Irish history would have changed dramatically , says researcher Cáit Ní Shúilleabháin of UCC .
“ If he had gotten that job in 1913 he would definitely have continued at the maths , ” she believes .
Ní Shúilleabháin has recently completed an intriguing PhD thesis on the mathematical life of de Valera .
It shows he was accomplished in the field and had a particular fascination for quaternions , a mathematical discovery made by Irish mathematician William Rowan Hamilton .
De Valera ’s interest in mathematics has largely been overlooked in conventional historical treatments , according to Des MacHale , of UCC ’s school of mathematical sciences , who co-supervised Ní Shúilleabháin ’s research along with UCC historian Gabriel Doherty .
“ It ’s been neglected because people could n’t cope with the technical details , ” he says .
Éamon de Valera was often derided for his narrow views on the Ireland ’s economic development .
Yet he was intellectually better equipped than most of his political colleagues to recognise the value of today ’s “ smart economy ” .
Quaternion mathematics is highly complicated – it being a system for representing complex numbers in four - dimensional space .
Quaternions are now used in high - tech areas , such as computer graphics , robotics and signal processing , for handling spatial rotations .
Yet Dev seemed more than able to engage with this difficult subject .
De Valera made no lasting contribution to the subject and did not publish any research papers .
But Ní Shúilleabháin discovered that Arthur Conway , his former professor at UCD who was a leading authority on the subject , credited Dev as having “ gone deeply into the subject of quaternions ” .
Conway further stated that : “ He is at present prosecuting an important research in them , which promises to be of considerable interest ” .
The post in Cork was not to be and de Valera found other things to occupy his mind .
Yet even as his political career began to take off , mathematics always remained close to his heart .
While awaiting his execution in Kilmainham gaol after the Easter Rising in 1916 , he scratched into the wall of his cell the fundamental equation for quaternion multiplication , i2 = j2 = k2 =ijk = - 1 , a poignant echo of Hamilton ’s famous flash of insight at Broome Bridge , on Dublin ’s Royal Canal , in 1843 .
While in Lewes Jail in East Sussex , after his death sentence was commuted , de Valera studied the problem of astronomical obliquity – or the tilt between Earth ’s rotational axis and the plane of its orbit around the sun .
This in turn was prompted by the prison governor ’s interest in the topic .
The governor was interested in the now - discredited work of the British astronomer Alfred Drayson .
In a mathematical critique of Drayson ’s work , de Valera observed that it was difficult not to dismiss him as “ a sore - head and a crank ” .
Ní Shúilleabháin also proposes that de Valera found ways to apply mathematical concepts to his political thinking .
She suggests , for example , that he drew on his knowledge of set theory – then a relatively new field – in sketching in diagram form his vision of “ external association ” , or Ireland ’s relationship to the British Commonwealth .
The mathematics were not strictly correct however , reflecting , perhaps , a certain degree of political imprecision in his scheme .
“ De Valera probably stretched the analogy to fit his purposes , using the Venn diagram to his advantage , knowing that certain ambiguities in his approach would go unnoticed by the average person , ” Ní Shúilleabháin observes .
Even in old age , when almost completely blind , de Valera continued to work on mathematical problems for recreational purposes .
But how good was he really ?
“ He never got the opportunity to become a great mathematician , ” says Ní Shúilleabháin .
MacHale believes
Dev ’s level of attainment was the equivalent of a Master ’s graduate , although his early aptitude indicated that he could have gone further .
“ He retained a lifelong interest in maths but never realized his potential , ” MacHale says .
De Valera ’s most lasting contribution to science in Ireland was of course his establishment in 1940 of the Dublin Institute for Advanced Studies .
However , MacHale is critical de Valera ’s wider neglect of the subject .
“ He really did n’t encourage mathematics in secondary school , as far as I can see . ”
Österreichische Journalisten warnen angesichts einer von Innenministerin Maria Fekter ( ÖVP ) veranlassten Novelle einer Überwachungsverordnung vor einem " Lauschangriff auf Journalisten " und forden die Rücknahme der Verordnung .
In der sogenannten Sondereinheiten - Verordnung , deren Neufassung zum 1 .
Juni in Kraft treten soll , wird geregelt , wer für Abhörmaßnahmen und Videoüberwachung von Journalisten , Anwälten , Bewährungshelfern , Psychiatern und anderen sogenannten " sensiblen Berufsgruppen " zuständig ist .
Die Novelle der Sondereinheiten - Verordnung wurde von Fekter nach Zustimmung des Hauptausschusses des Nationalrates verfügt .
" Es handelt sich um keine Ausweitung der Befugnisse der Polizei " , versuchte die Ministerin zu beruhigen .
Nach einer 2008 in Kraft getretenen Novelle der Strafprozessordnung ( StPO ) seien nun die Paragraphen - Zitate in der Verordnung angepasst worden .
Zuständig für Lauschangriffe ist also nach wie vor die Sondereinheit Observation – allerdings untersteht diese in Folge der Novelle nicht mehr dem Bundeskriminalamt , sondern direkt dem Generaldirektor für die öffentliche Sicherheit .
Dies sei vom Rechnungshof angeregt worden .
Aus dieser Umstrukturierung folgt , dass die Sondereinheit Observation ab Juni nicht nur für kriminalpolizeiliche Ermittlungen tätig wird , sondern auch vom Inlandsgeheimdienst für Observationen herangezogen werden kann .
An der Zulässigkeit der Überwachung sensibler Berufsgruppen ändert sich tatsächlich nichts .
Das weiß auch Fred Turnheim vom Österreichischen Journalisten Club ( ÖJC ) .
Für ihn ist die Novelle aber Ausdruck einer " scheibchenweisen Vernichtung der Grund - und Freiheitsrechte " .
Die Zulässigkeit von Lauschangriff und Videoobservation sensibler Berufsgruppen müsse zusammen mit der Vorratsdatenspeicherung neu diskutiert werden .
Grundsätzlich können sich Angehörige eines sensiblen Berufs der Aussage entziehen , soweit es beruflich wahrgenommene Geheimnisse betrifft .
" Damit dieses Recht auf Aussageverweigerung wirkt , muss man auch den Lauschangriff verbieten " , erklärte der niederösterreichische Rechtsanwalt Harald Redl heise online .
" Die einzige Ausnahme besteht nach der Strafprozessordnung dort , wo der Anwalt , Journalist etc. selbst tatverdächtig ist . "
Diese Ausnahme sei aber bedenklich gestaltet , weil sie jene in Gefahr bringe , die dem Betroffenen Geheimnisse anvertrauen würden .
Wird etwa ein Anwalt überwacht , weil er selbst eines Verbrechens verdächtig ist , können auch seine Rat suchenden Klienten ins Visier der Ermittler geraten .
Zwar darf die Äußerung des Klienten , etwa über eine Steuerhinterziehung , nicht vor Gericht verwendet werden .
" Die Zulässigkeit einer Überwachung ist nur dann unbedenklich , wenn sichergestellt ist , dass nicht durch so genannte Zufallsfunde Nachteile für den mitabgehörten Klienten entstehen " , erklärt Redl .
" Ohne solche Garantien wird das Vertrauensverhältnis zwischen Klient und Anwalt , Informant und Journalist oder Patient und Psychiater belastet . " ( vbr )
VANCOUVER — Canada 's so - called “ Prince of Pot ” is on his way to the United States to serve a five - year prison sentence for shipping marijuana seeds to Americans .
Marc Emery , 52 , pleaded guilty to one charge of drug distribution last year after dropping his fight for extradition to the U.S .
His wife , Jodie Emery , said her husband was being driven from a Metro Vancouver jail to the Washington state border on Thursday morning so he can be handed over to U.S. authorities .
“ They will ... drive him down to Seattle to Federal Court where he will make his initial appearance so that they can show that they 've got him , ” she said .
On Wednesday , Emery 's supporters staged a protest in front of Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's constituency office in Calgary .
Earlier this month , Justice Minister Rob Nicholson announced his decision to extradite Emery to the U.S. , where he is facing a five - year prison term .
Jodie Emery said her husband will be held in a detention centre south of Seattle for about a week before appearing in front of a judge to plead guilty and begin his plea - bargained sentence .
Emery said she had no warning of the extradition and will hold a rally of supporters in front of her husband 's Cannabis Culture store in downtown Vancouver .
She called on other marijuana activists to shut down Hastings Street , the busy commuter link directly in front of the business .
Read more about :
Tesla Motors announced Thursday it will use a $ 50 million investment from Toyota Corp . to help it buy the recently closed Nummi auto plant in Fremont and reopen it to build electric cars .
The project will bring badly needed jobs to the Bay Area and is a surprising win for the Bay Area 's green economy just seven weeks after New United Motor Manufacturing Inc. laid off 4,700 unionized auto workers as its two owners , General Motors and Toyota , ended their 25 - year partnership at California 's last auto plant .
" Thank you for bringing this business to our state , " Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said as Akio Toyoda , president of the Japanese automaker , joined Tesla chief Elon Musk at Tesla 's headquarters in Palo Alto .
The plant 's third incarnation - GM opened the factory in 1963 and closed it in 1982 before reviving the plant with Toyota in 1984 - helps anchor the green tech industry taking root around the region that includes solar manufacturer Solyndra and chip - based light maker Bridgelux .
Musk , who made a fortune as a co-founder of PayPal , said Tesla would initially occupy just " a little corner " of the massive factory to make 20,000 electric vehicles per year .
That compares with the 500,000 or so gas - powered cars previously built at the plant .
Price not revealed
Tesla will use it to build the planned Model S , a $ 50,000 sedan that should enter production in mid-2012 .
Musk and Toyoda did not disclose the plant 's sale price .
Musk said Tesla is adding staff at the rate of about 50 persons a month and already hiring former Nummi workers .
It expects to have up to 1,000 people in Fremont within the next few years , in addition to roughly 400 people already in Palo Alto .
In an interview with The Chronicle , Musk said the new alliance would produce a joint Toyota - Tesla car that would be a Toyota vehicle powered by a Tesla drive - train , hitting the market before the Model S .
The companies also plan to develop other electric vehicles together , he said .
Asked about his posture toward the United Auto Workers , which had represented Nummi 's rank - and - file , Musk said , " on the question of the union we 're neutral , " adding that Tesla would neither encourage nor oppose workers organizing .
" We 're thrilled , " said Sergio Santos , president of UAW Local 2244 , which had fought to keep Toyota in Fremont before it ceased production of gas - powered cars there April 1 .
" It 's going to put some people back to work and bring a lot of jobs to California . "
Change in emotion
State and local officials , who had crafted tax incentives , including worker training provisions and an exemption from sales taxes for new factory equipment to preserve Nummi , were as happy about Thursday 's announcement as they had been crestfallen seven weeks ago .
In 2009 , the federal government awarded Tesla $ 465 million in loans , most of it to be used opening the Model S facility .
" Once again , Nummi , like a cat , proves it has nine lives , " said Alameda County Supervisor Keith Carson .
The move will help Toyota burnish its image , badly dented by recent recalls and safety concerns .
" This way , they 're the good guys , keeping the plant open , " said Jeremy Anwyl , chief executive officer of the Edmunds.com auto information Web site .
" There 's a lot of benefits for Toyota in this . "
It could also further public acceptance of electric cars after years of false starts .
Nissan has already started advertising its all - electric Leaf , while GM will soon introduce the Chevy Volt , a plug - in hybrid .
" Absolutely , it brings electric cars a little closer to the mainstream , " Anwyl said of the Toyota - Tesla deal .
The deal was a blow to the Los Angeles County city of Downey , which had spent months wooing Tesla to locate its Model S plant there .
But Musk said Thursday that Downey officials knew he had been considering Nummi .
The deal came together so quickly and quietly that members of the Fremont City Council showed up at the news conference only after hearing rumors of the deal and wanted to thank Musk for bringing Tesla to town .
" I do n't care if they did n't talk to us , this is a very good surprise , " said Fremont City Councilwoman Anu Natarajan .
Personal relationship
But the real secret behind the deal appears to have been the personal relationship struck between Toyoda , 54 , and Musk , 38 , after the Japanese businessman quietly visited the California entrepreneur about six weeks ago at his home in Southern California .
Toyoda , who had worked at Nummi in the early days of the joint venture with GM , said Thursday that he " learned much about working in America ( there ) so I feel a personal attachment to the plant . "
As Musk told it , the two men spent a day talking and driving around the Los Angeles area in a Tesla Roadster , where , as Toyoda said , " Simply put , I felt the wind , the wind of the future . "
The result was a whirlwind deal , with many details still private , to put Toyota 's mass manufacturing muscle behind Tesla 's design , marketing and technical expertise , to help the money - losing California carmaker - which is in the midst of putting together an initial public offering on Wall Street worth up to $ 100 million - cement its position as the leader in a nascent market for electric cars .
" He really sees value in understanding how a fast - moving Silicon Valley startup operates , " Musk said of Toyoda , adding : " He 's sort of looking at this and saying , ' We need to go back and remember what it 's like to be a startup . ' "
Chronicle columnist Andrew S. Ross contributed to this report .
Microsoft seems to be everywhere open source is lately .
Joomla !
Contributor Agreement and handed over some code .
Earlier this month , Microsoft sent folks to DrupalCon to talk about the release of the latest SQL Server Driver for PHP ( and those representatives were asked every five minutes why they were at DrupalCon ) .
Microsoft representatives spoke at the Open Source Business Conference about how it needed to include open source in its " ecosystem " and , separately , announced the open source Microsoft Biology Foundation program .
saying phones designed to run Android are violating its patents .
Those familiar with Microsoft 's antagonistic relationship with Linux are n't surprised by that at all .
( Microsoft 's contributed to the kernel while at the same time accused Linux , as a whole , of violating Microsoft patents . ) contributed 20,000 lines of code to the Linux kernel .
Microsoft 's site has a list of 400 open source projects Microsoft is involved in .
This week , Microsoft signed the
Last month ,
But at the same time , Microsoft is
So this raises two points ( well , a question and a point ) :
• Is Microsoft really a friend of open source ?
• Open source does n't end with Linux
Sure , Linux is probably the most famous piece of open source out there .
Maybe Firefox is more popular and well - known , but I guarantee you that many people using it do n't have the slightest clue that it 's open - source software , nor what that even means .
And , yes , Microsoft has
But those tens of thousands of lines of code were pretty much just so Linux users could run on Hyper - V , virtualization technology developed by ... Microsoft .
Hey , still , just because you use Linux does n't mean you do n't want to use any Microsoft products .
Josh Holmes , a Microsoft " architect evangelist , " blogged about his excitement over the Joomla !
contribution and what that means for users :
However , the thing that ’s really exciting to me is that what it means is that the Microsoft legal department has signed off on writing GPL ’d code under the right circumstances .
That ’s awesome !
It ’s a clear demonstration of how far Microsoft has come in it ’s commitment to OSS projects .
Now , I ’ve got my own issues with the GPL as I think that it strips the consumer of all of their rights but that ’s for a different discussion .
And , indeed , this is one of very few times Microsoft has signed the GPL , so the opinion Holmes expressed is certainly in line with his employer 's , it would seem .
Joomla ! is the second - largest application of PHP out there , so it makes sense that Microsoft would be involved .
And Microsoft is the biggest software company out there , so it makes sense that Joomla !
would be excited to have them on board .
As I previously blogged about Microsoft and open source , I think it makes a great deal of sense for the software giant to get involved and make friends where once there were nothing but foes .
But it does make one wonder if the core of the open source community will ever accept Microsoft 's overtures unless it makes nice with Linux .
While the Joomla ! blog post about the Microsoft 's agreement is fairly glowing with excitement , it does allude to Microsoft 's issues with the community :
So at a high level , what does this mean for Joomla ! and the community ?
New code contributors are always welcome , of course , especially when they can bring new expertise .
In terms of Joomla !
usage , supporting IIS means opening a whole new territory of possibilities including in many enterprises .
And , more generally , we 're happy to see Microsoft as a contributor to the GPL world .
Would n't it be great if this is the start of constructive engagement between Microsoft and the Free and Open Source Software world ?
So far , it looks like the answer is yes .
Some members of it , anyway .
" OLD CANCER MULE single - batch bourbon whiskey .
136 proof .
Guaranteed to harm you and your pets . "
The corporate media has reported this unrest with the following narrative :
The Greek people are angry because their government pledged to make cuts in social spending ...
Fox News correctly observed that " Greece lived for years beyond its means , borrowing money and spilling red ink to finance excessive government spending , offer socialized health care and provide lavish wages for federal workers . "
It 's a rather convenient spin : greedy , lazy , leftists workers that are getting their comeuppance .
It 's the same narrative that the corporate media rolls out whenever social services are being cut anywhere in the world .
It 's a convenient story because it is a complete story .
Nothing more needs to be done .
Good guys win .
Bad guys lose .
Roll the credits .
Except that this is n't the whole story by a long shot .
The Greek protesters outside of parliament were chanting " Thieves , thieves ! "
That does n't sound like people angry at budget cuts .
It sounds like people angry about their tax money being stolen .
It turns out that they have every right to be angry .
This week ’s deal is announced as a three year loan program for € 110 billion , or $ 174 billion , with the IMF joining in the loan to Greece ...
Greece ’s economy is going to suffer calamitously no matter what Papandreou does , and as for the country ’s debt , he ’s just increased it from $ 300 billion to $ 474 billion .
No wonder the unions continue to protest in Athens ; the average person can see right through this ridiculousness .
The bailout is going to saddle Greece with debt that it can never hope to pay .
All sorts of regressive excise taxes are being raised .
Public wages will be drastically slashed .
Pension benefits will be reduced .
All these moves are sure to increase deflationary forces , which will deepen and prolong the recession there .
So we know the losers , the workers of Greece .
Supposedly all this suffering will help the Greek people in the long run .
But will it ?
So who is this bailout benefiting , and who would be hurt by bankruptcy ?
The answer is the big banks , and secondarily investors holding Greek bonds .
Much of the debt is sitting with Europe ’s largest banks , which underwrote the debt when it was first issued and which keep an inventory of it in support of the market .
These banks all benefited handsomely over the years earning fees on this debt program ( as did Goldman and JP Morgan Chase and Citigroup ) , so why is n’t anybody asking them to join in the pain ?
It turns out that if you follow the money , the narrative of this story is really very simple and indisputable : the Greek people are being impoverished in order to bail out multi-national banks .
Funny how something so simple and logical could be missed by the corporate news media .
The people of Europe are waking up to the fact that their governments are more interested in protecting the interests of these large financial institutions than they are their own people .
When the Irish protesters tried to storm parliament , their complaints sounded something similar to what the Greek protesters were chanting .
" They ( the Government ) are bailing out the banks and the institutions and the elite that caused the crisis and they are asking ordinary people , senior citizens , young people to pay the price with brutal cutbacks and it's just not acceptable and people are here to say we 're going to stop this and we want an alternative , " he said .
When the people of Iceland started bringing torches to their protests in front of parliament , it was because of the proposed bank bailout .
Despite their obvious signs of displeasure , the government of Iceland still voted to bail out the banks .
It took an overwhelming vote of the people to halt the process .
We should all stop to learn our lessons from the people of Greece and Iceland .
Very soon , and I mean in the next few months , we are going to see the politicians of America sell out the people to the large bankers .
It 'll start with the states .
They will be looking at cutting more than $ 100 billion in badly needed social services .
Meanwhile , the banks will have gotten away with outright theft from those very same states .
West Virginia was just one stop in a nationwide conspiracy in which financial advisers to municipalities colluded with Bank of America Corp. , Citigroup Inc. , JPMorgan Chase & Co. , Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. , Wachovia Corp . and 11 other banks .
They rigged bids on auctions for so - called guaranteed investment contracts , known as GICs , according to a Justice Department list that was filed in U.S. District Court in Manhattan on March 24 and then put under seal .
Those contracts hold tens of billions of taxpayer dollars ...
" The whole investment process was rigged across the board , " said Charlie Anderson , who retired in 2007 as head of field operations for the Internal Revenue Service ’s tax - exempt bond division .
" It was so commonplace that people talked about it on the phones of their employers and ignored the fact that they were being recorded . "
The bankers ignored the fact they were being recorded because they had no fear of actually being punished for their crimes .
We are now entering June of 2010 , nearly three years after the financial markets seized up , nearly two years since the entire global economy almost collapsed .
And yet there has n't been one , single , solitary banker who has gone to jail for it .
The only two criminal cases against Wall Street executives linked to the crisis ended with an acquittal .
It 's bewildering do n't you think ?
Hundreds of millions of hard working people around the world are impoverished .
Billions of people sink further into debt .
While the same people who caused the mess get off scott free .
Strike that .
The bankers did n't just get off without even a slap on the wrist .
No , it 's not that simple .
What happened was that the working people of this country went deeply into debt in order to save the huge executive bonuses of Wall Street .
Citigroup , which gave 738 of its employees bonuses of at least $ 1 million , is now one - third owned by government as a result of its bailout .
It paid bonuses of at least $ 3 million to 124 of those employees , even after it lost $ 18.7 billion during the year , Cuomo 's office said .
The New York - based bank received $ 45 billion in government money and guarantees to protect it against hundreds of billions of dollars on potential losses from risky investments .
Bank of America Corp. , which also received $ 45 billion in TARP money , paid $ 3.3 billion in bonuses , with 172 employees receiving at least $ 1 million .
Of those , 28 received bonuses of more than $ 3 million .
Merrill Lynch , which Charlotte , North Carolina - based Bank of America acquired during the credit crisis , paid out $ 3.6 billion .
Bank of America earned $ 2.56 billion in 2008 , while Merrill lost $ 27.61 billion .
Cuomo's office said Merrill Lynch doled out 696 bonuses of at least $ 1 million for 2008 , with 149 of those workers getting bonuses of at least $ 3 million .
It 's amazing once you think about it .
The banksters ruin the world economy , while stealing from the people and governments of the world , and then get the same taxpayers that they 've been stealing from to bail them out in order to save their exorbitant bonuses .
Oh , sure .
President Obama , Congress , and foreign leaders have all made some noise about how outrageous this is , but if they were truly serious they would try to claw back some of that money .
Instead , the Wall Street bonus tax had so little support that it failed to even make it out of committee .
It 's really very simple : if we want to reclaim our government from the banksters we need to take to the streets .
Nothing else will do .
No amount of voting out incumbents will change anything .
Both parties are owned by the same banks .
The Democrats play " good cop " to the Republicans " bad cop " .
The " bad cop " is supposed to oppose regulating the banksters .
Yet for the last 30 years it was the Democratic Party that spearheaded the deregulation of the financial industry .
Some of them are still top advisers in the Obama Administration .
These are the guys who are supposed to re-regulate it ?
It 's all a show .
The Democrats and Republicans rant and threaten one another just like professional wrestlers .
It 's almost believable .
They pretend to hate one another .
They pretend to fight .
Sometimes someone accidentally draws blood .
But they decided who was going to play the bad cop before the match ever started .
Once the match is over they slap backs and laugh about it while collecting paychecks from the same promoter .
It 's all a cheap illusion .
The good news is that if the working people of the world decided tomorrow that the elite must go and the system must change , it would happen .
Simple as that .
We could shake off the aristocracy as easily as a bad dream .
The problem is that so many people have been fooled into believing that we actually have a free market economy .
That the game is n't rigged .
That the elite actually earned their status .
The working people are being turned into debt slaves , not by the point of a bayonet , but by nothing more than a sophisticated and well - oiled propaganda machine .
Matt Taibbi in his article The Big Takeover put it more bluntly .
The mistake most people make in looking at the financial crisis is thinking of it in terms of money , a habit that might lead you to look at the unfolding mess as a huge bonus - killing downer for the Wall Street class .
But if you look at it in purely Machiavellian terms , what you see is a colossal power grab that threatens to turn the federal government into a kind of giant Enron — a huge , impenetrable black box filled with self - dealing insiders whose scheme is the securing of individual profits at the expense of an ocean of unwitting involuntary shareholders , previously known as taxpayers .
This is what our future holds if we do n't do something about it , but it does n't have to be that way .
The people of Iceland have set the example .
We need to follow their example .
We need to discard the false idea that we are powerless and rise up to take back this country from the scoundrels and thieves .
It can be done .
I have no doubt in my mind that eventually it will be done .
It 's only a matter of time .
The sooner we take to the streets the less violent and more democratic the uprising will be .
In many states the response to the COVID outbreak mirrors that of Trump ’s government , I.e. chaotic and incompetent
“ As the government shifted its coronavirus reporting system , numbers have vanished from CDC Web pages .
News organizations have had to sue for information about racial disparities in deaths .
In many Florida counties , officials wo n’t tell parents whether there are coronavirus cases at their children ’s schools . ”
“ Iowa is no exception .
The state has refused to release its pandemic plan , which guides its response to the coronavirus , saying the document is “ confidential . ”
The health department ’s covid - 19 dashboard does n’t list hospitalizations among health care workers or outbreaks in congregate facilities such as homeless shelters and prisons . ” ”
“ In July , state auditor Rob Sand said Iowa ’s system for reporting test results was rife with “ illegal and unbusinesslike practices , inefficiencies , and apparently pointless risks . ”
He criticized Iowa ’s use of medical privacy laws to justify its secrecy . ”
Medicynical note : Delay and obfuscate seems to be Iowa ’s policy . “
It was n’t until May 5 , more than seven weeks after the first Postville cases were diagnosed and 15 days after Agri Star requested help , that a state testing strike force finally came to the plant .
Over 450 workers were tested for current and past infections . ”
“ Iowa did not make the results of that event public , and Guerrero said the state provided no interpretation when it sent the company its lab report . ”
People are dying and some are playing politics .
Monkey Bros
TripHop , rap and dub tracks from around the planet - trip out with the most fresh selections .
A gang of thugs beat up a young man of 22 years , then throws it on the rails of the subway , one floor below ..
This movie was very violent published by the Belgian federal police to make an appeal for witnesses .
You can call the number on the video if you recognize someone .
Image caption A combination of fungi and viruses could be reponsible
US researchers claim to have identified a new potential cause for Colony Collapse Disorder ( CCD ) in honeybees .
The disease is responsible for wiping out many beekeepers ' entire colonies over the past few years .
Scientists from the US Department of Agriculture say the pathogens to blame are a fungus and a family of viruses .
The results of the study were presented at the 110th General Meeting of the American Society for Microbiology in San Diego , California .
Dr Jay Evans of the USDA Agricultural Research Service , a researcher on the study , says that when these two very different pathogens show up together , " there is a significant correlation with colony decline " .
Daniel Weaver , a commercial beekeeper from Texas and head of the BeeWeaver Apiaries Inc , remembers the shock he experienced when he opened his hives in the early spring of 2007 - only to find them empty .
" There was only a queen and ten or twelve bees left in a hive , clustered in one corner .
There were broods , but very few of adult bees .
" And there were no signs of poisoning or any other signs of acute mortality - there were no dead bees on the bottom of the hive or outside the hive , " said Mr Weaver .
Other US beekeepers , many of whom have been in the business for a long time and have always had normal , healthy bee colonies , started noticing a similar problem at about the same time .
Some had lost up to 90 % of their bee populations , and every year since 2006 many have been reporting average losses of 30 - 35 % of hives .
Fungi and viruses
When beekeepers sounded the alarm in 2007 , scientists started looking for a cause of the mysterious disease .
There were no signs of poisoning or any other signs of acute mortality - there were no dead bees on the bottom of the hive or outside the hive Daniel Weaver , Commercial beekeeper
They began to collect samples , primarily looking at sick bees from California and Florida , where most of the commercial pollination takes place in the US , and checking them visually for any signs of a problem .
" The most puzzling thing was that the bees [ we collected ] did n't show any of the pathologies or signs of disease - they looked perfectly healthy , " said Dr Evans to the BBC .
After having screened the samples , the researchers found that there was a higher presence of a fungus Nosema cerenae in infected colonies .
But it was only recently that they were able to determine that it is when bees are infected both with Nosema and with a group of RNA viruses that it is likely to lead to a collapse of a colony , said Dr Evans .
To prove their theory about a certain synergy between the two pathogens , the scientists tried to trigger the decline of a honeybee colony artificially .
" We 've known for some time that the viruses are not good for the bees ' health , that they cause some visible symptoms like paralysis of the bees , shivering or inability to fly , " explained Dr Evans .
But getting the entire colony sick was tricky , he said .
" You have to infect bees with a sort of natural level compared to what 's going on in the field and then more or less wait around to see how that translates into a colony effect like a colony collapse or decline , " said the researcher .
Image caption US beekeepers sounded the alarm in 2007
So how do bees get CCD ?
Dr Evans believes the infection is spread primarily through pollen on flowers .
Commercial beekeepers in the US tend to move their bees around the country in lorries , renting them to farmers to pollinate almonds in California , oranges in Florida and blueberries in Maine .
They then bring them home - often in some other part of the US .
When a sick bee leaves a virus on a plant , it is very likely that all other buzzing visitors will get infected - and bring the disease to their hive , elsewhere in the country .
" Once the viruses become prevalent in a colony , they spread quite rapidly both by contact among the bees and often by a parasitic [ Varroa destructor ] mite that lives on them .
" We 've been able to see the viruses move within that mite and actually be transmitted from bee to bee by the mite , " said Dr Evans .
As for the fungus , it is transferred by the insects ' excretions , he said .
" Nosema ceranae will germinate in the stomach of the bees , work its way into the rest of the body and exit when it 's excreted .
So when the sick bees defecate in the colony or near a colony , other bees accidentally pick up the spores of the fungus and ingest them - and that restarts the cycle , " explained the scientist .
But some believe the fungus and viruses are not the primary causes of CCD .
David Mendes , the president of the American Beekeeping Federation , says that biological pathogens are certainly involved - but that there might be something that affects the bees ' immune system in the first place that then allows these pathogens to infect them more easily .
SYMPTOMS OF CCD Presence of young bees ( broods ) and very few adults
Presence of the queen bee
Presence of food stores with bee pollen and honey
No dead bees in or around the hives
" It 's a bit of a chicken - and - egg question : are the fungi and viruses a problem or are they a symptom ?
Do they come in only when the health of the bees is in some jeopardy ?
I think the bees get sick because of a combination of factors , " said Mr Mendes .
He believes that it is mostly about nutrition - in particular , the bees ' inability to process certain foods .
And the pesticides are to blame for that , he says .
A bleak future ?
" The whole approach to controlling pests with pesticides has really shifted [ in the past few years ] - for instance , now corn seeds , before they are planted , are dipped in pesticides , " said Mr Mendes .
" There 's research that says that it 's not supposed to affect the pollen and the fruit - well , we 've done some analysis with our citrus trees and we have found levels of the poison in the pollen that the bees are feeding to their young . "
Whatever the cause of CCD , Dr Evans believes the cure is n't in sight just yet .
The main thing , he says , is for beekeepers to really focus on the nutrition of their colony in the autumn .
" Nosema fungi respond well to improved nutrition , so supplementing the bees ' diet with pollen and nectar resources in the fall will allow them to maintain more nectar as they go into the winter , " he said .
Some beekeepers also feed their bees more protein .
Others use a chemical treatment for the fungi , but scientists warn it is only a short - term solution .
As for the viruses - there are beekeepers like Daniel Weaver , who only use bee queens from his own colony , selecting them for genetic resistance to Varroa mites and RNA viruses .
It 's a bit of a chicken - and - egg question : are the fungi and viruses a problem or are they a symptom ?
David Mendes , American Beekeeping Federation
He says that this method has helped him obtain much lower levels of CCD incidence in his colonies - an experience consistent with the results reported in the recent study .
" That pattern of our varroa [ mites ] and virus resistant bees not succumbing to CCD is all the more important when we can say that colonies headed by queens produced by other queen breeders but operated under the same environmental conditions - and right next door to hives headed by our queens - did succumb to CCD , " said Mr Weaver .
Until the cure is found , it is not just the beekeepers who are suffering - agricultural companies and of course consumers who buy their products have been affected as well .
Mr Weaver says he just hopes the buzzing honey workers will continue to fight CCD - because without them , the world just would n't be the same .
" Without bees , our world would be a very dreary place to live .
So many delicious fruits would n't be available and so many wonderful plants would n't be able to propagate and reproduce , " he said .
" A very dull and dreary place indeed . "
The nations do not want climate policies to affect economic growth
China , India , South Korea , Japan and Australia and the US account for nearly half of world greenhouse gas emissions .
The US - led initiative would tackle global warming with new technology supplied to countries most in need .
Critics say the new compact undermines Kyoto and is likely to be ineffective because it is non-binding .
' Superior ' deal
The pact will allow signed - up countries to set their goals for reducing greenhouse gas emissions individually , with no enforcement mechanism .
The signatories argue it complements , rather than weakens , the 1997 Kyoto agreement , which imposes targets on industrialised countries to cut their emissions .
Australian Prime Minister John Howard said : " The fairness and effectiveness of this proposal will be superior to the Kyoto protocol .
" It demonstrates the very strong commitment of Australia to reducing greenhouse gas emissions , according to an understanding that it's fair in Australia and not something that will destroy Australian jobs and unfairly penalise Australian industries . "
US Deputy Secretary of State Robert Zoellick agreed the six nations " view this as a complement , not an alternative " to Kyoto .
Both the US and Australia have refused to ratify Kyoto , which came into effect earlier this year , partly , they say , because big developing countries like India and China escape emissions limits .
' Win-win '
They have also made clear their concern that climate change should only be addressed without harming development or economic growth .
Australian Foreign Minister Alexander Downer told BBC Radio 4's Today programme : " Our view is you really need to focus on technological change to solve the climate change problem ... and you do have to involve the major developing countries , which are very substantial emitters . "
A Chinese spokesman called the pact a " win-win solution " for developing countries .
A deal on climate change that does n't limit pollution is the same as a peace plan that allows guns to be fired
Worldwide Fund for Nature
The UK government 's chief scientific adviser , Sir David King , told the BBC's Today radio programme he doubted the new deal could work without setting caps on emissions .
But , he added , the surprise announcement should be seen as a sign of progress on climate change .
Environmental campaigners have criticised the new pact as ineffectual and serving the interests of industrialised nations .
The Geneva - based Worldwide Fund for Nature ( WWF ) said : " A deal on climate change that does n't limit pollution is the same as a peace plan that allows guns to be fired . "
Bob Brown , leader of Australia 's opposition Green party , dismissed the agreement as a " coal pact " involving four of the world 's largest coal producers - China , the US , India and Australia .
The new group 's first summit will be held in Adelaide , Australia , in November .
