I am sorry for any student who has to face the trauma of failing at university .
But the Government must shoulder much of the blame for the way it has consistently encouraged teenagers to believe they have a right to a university education .
Dropout rates are the worst at the new universities : the former polytechnics where the Government 's open - access policy has been at its most pronounced .
At Bolton University , London Metropolitan , Thames Valley University and others , more than 40 per cent of students fail to finish their degrees .
More than £ 800 million has been spent attempting to stop students like these from " dropping out " .
Leaders In Alternative Energy Germany Turns On World 's Biggest Solar Power Project
This week , two of Germany 's most important solar energy projects came online -- the second biggest solar power project in the world and one of the first solar thermal " power towers . "
The projects are part of the country 's plan to provide 20 percent of its energy through renewable sources .
The Metropolitan Police has issued guidance to its officers to remind them that using a camera in public is not in itself a terrorist offence .
There has been increasing concern in recent months that police have been over - using terrorism laws and public order legislation to harass professional and amateur photographers .
The issue was raised in Parliament and the Home Office agreed to look at the rules .
The guidance reminds officers that the public do not need a licence to take photographs in the street and the police have no power to stop people taking pictures of anything they like , including police officers .
The over -used Terrorism
Act of 2000 does not ban photography either , although it does allow police to look at images on phones or cameras during a search to see if they could be useful to a terrorist .
Section 58 of the Act covers the offence of eliciting , publishing or communicating information about any member of the armed forces , spying agencies or the police .
But officers must show a reasonable suspicion that the person is involved in terrorism - it is not a blanket ban on photographing working police officers .
The guidelines also remind coppers that they will often work with the media , which can impact on the Met 's reputation .
Therefore : " it 's crucial to maintain good working relations with its members , even in difficult circumstances . " .
This could be helped by setting up " vantage points " when cordoning off an incident so that camera crews and photographers can do their work .
Senior Investigating Officers are reminded to allow media access to crime scenes as soon as possible after evidence gathering is completed .
More from the Met here . ®
California ’s jobless rate reached a fresh post - World War II high in July , climbing to 11.9 % , a sobering reminder that though the nation ’s deep downturn may be nearing its end , the state ’s employment woes are far from over .
Golden State employers cut their payrolls by 35,800 jobs in July , according to figures released Friday by the state Employment Development Department .
That ’s a significant improvement over monthly losses that averaged 76,000 over the first half of the year .
Still , July ’s numbers were worse than some analysts had expected , rising from 11.6 % in June and led by declines in trade , construction and manufacturing .
Even with the rise in unemployment here , however , a consensus is growing that the worst of the recession may be over .
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S. Bernanke on Friday declared the economy to be “ leveling out , ” and the National Assn. of Realtors reported a sharp rise in July home sales .
Wall Street responded by pushing the Dow index to its highest point since November .
Advertisement
Still , a robust recovery appears unlikely , and some regions of the country are expected to suffer fallout from the bursting of the housing bubble for years to come .
That includes California , which is now tied with Oregon for the fourth - highest unemployment rate in the nation , behind Michigan , Rhode Island and Nevada .
The U.S. unemployment rate is 9.4 % , down from 9.5 % in June .
California ’s battered construction and housing industries , long pillars of the state economy , remain troubling sources of weakness .
Over the last year , the state has lost 760,200 jobs , nearly 1 in 5 of them in construction .
White - collar workers have likewise suffered from the housing crash as thousands of jobs in banking , mortgage processing and real estate sales have vanished .
The number of new - home permits issued in July fell 47.4 % from a year earlier , according to the Construction Industry Research Board .
“ We ’ve disproportionately benefited from two sectors , construction and financial services , ” said Esmael Adibi , an economist at Chapman University .
Advertisement
“ The demise of these two sectors has hurt us disproportionately . ”
That ’s had an outsize effect on California ’s 13.5 million Latinos , who are heavily concentrated in the building trades .
In 2007 , Latinos made up 47 % of the construction workforce in the state , according to the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission .
In July , California ’s Latino unemployment rate hit 12.7 % , dwarfing the white jobless rate of 9.5 % , according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics .
Black unemployment remains the highest in the state at 14.2 % .
But Latino joblessness has grown much faster .
In July 2007 the Latino unemployment rate stood at just 5.9 % , compared with 9.2 % for blacks and 4.8 % for whites .
Last month , 805,000 California Latinos were jobless .
That ’s up 127 % over the last two years .
The number of unemployed whites in the state grew 103 % over the same period , while the number of out - of - work African Americans rose 66 % .
Advertisement
“ You really begin to see desperate times for lots of Latino families throughout California , ” said Vince Vasquez , a senior policy analyst with the National University System Institute for Policy Research .
East Los Angeles resident Robert Gonzales said he was struggling to support his three children after his job as an industrial painter disappeared a year ago when his employer moved to Ohio .
When he first lost his job , he was able to find odd carpentry and plumbing work , but his phone has stopped ringing .
Now , he can barely pay the taxes on the home he owns , and he struggles to put food on the table .
“ I come to the EDD every day , and nothing happens , ” he said , standing outside the workforce development office in East L.A. , where the computers had malfunctioned .
“ They say , ‘ Do n’t call us , we ’ll call you . ’ ”
Advertisement
A large proportion of Latinos also are in hospitality , nondurable - goods manufacturing and warehousing , said Jerry Nickelsburg , senior economist for the UCLA Anderson Forecast .
As consumer demand for products worldwide shrinks , companies responsible for making and shipping goods are jettisoning employees .
That leaves people like Juan Cortez , a 33 - year - old from Monterey Park , scrounging for work .
He was laid off from his job as a shipping clerk nine months ago , moved back in with his parents , sold his Chevy Tahoe and now is hoping to get a callback about a job as a forklift operator .
He and a few friends have been talking about moving back to Mexico , he said , where it ’s cheaper to live and the job prospects seem better .
“ There ’s jobs there , ” he said .
“ There ’s no jobs in L.A . ”
Advertisement
The seasonally adjusted unemployment rate in Los Angeles County also reached 11.9 % in July , up from a revised 11.2 % in June .
The government sector was especially hard hit as state budget cuts took their toll , with the number of jobs dropping 4.6 % from June .
Education and health services was the only sector in the county to employ more people this month than it did in July of last year .
The Riverside - San Bernardino - Ontario area felt the most pain in the Southland , with the unemployment rate rising to 14.3 % in July , up from a revised 13.9 % in June .
A major center for warehousing and distribution , the area has shed 20,100 jobs since July 2008 in the trade , transportation and utilities sector .
The area ’s construction sector lost 20,700 jobs over the same period .
The recession has been particularly hard on less - educated Californians .
People without a high school diploma had a 16.8 % unemployment rate in June compared with a 10.8 % unemployment rate in June 2008 .
That ’s plagued the region ’s Latinos , many of whom have less schooling , fewer linguistic skills and spottier community connections than people who have lived in the country for generations , policy analyst Vasquez said .
Advertisement
“ It ’s about where you went to school , it ’s about having relationships , and those are the things that really affect Latinos in a situation like this , ” he said .
About 44.5 % of Latino adults in the state do not have a high school diploma , compared with 20 % of the state overall , and 6.8 % have a bachelor ’s degree , compared with 18.7 % of the state overall , according to U.S. Census estimates .
After being laid off from her job as a receptionist at an oncology office in June , 22 - year - old Denise Muralles decided it was time to hit the books .
She ’s taking classes at Los Angeles Community College in the fall , she said , and hopes to eventually study physiology .
Her mother , a secretary , has been adamant that Muralles not follow in her footsteps .
Advertisement
“ She really wants me to get an education , ” she said .
“ She does n’t want me to be a secretary . ”
Economists predict that the unemployment rate in the state will continue to climb .
Job growth does n’t usually begin until about six months after the end of a recession , economist Adibi said .
He expects the unemployment rate to keep rising into early 2010 .
Still , there is some reason to be optimistic , economists said .
The rate of job losses in the state is slowing .
Two categories , professional and business services and leisure and hospitality , added jobs last month .
Employment in other sectors , including financial activities and natural resources and mining , were stable , which economists say is a good sign .
Advertisement
“ There is a ray of hope , ” Adibi said .
--
alana.semuels@latimes.com
Less than six months into his new administration , President Barack Obama has already managed to spark a trade war with Mexico over trucking .
Protectionist measures like quotas on Chinese tires could be on the cards , too .
Now , newly expanded milk subsidies also threaten both America 's reputation and its trade leadership .
Last month the U.S. Secretary of Agriculture , Tom Vilsack , implemented the Dairy Export Incentive Program , or DEIP .
Under the program , re-authorized by Congress in last year 's Farm Bill , the U.S. Department of Agriculture pays subsidies -- euphemistically described as " bonuses " -- to cover the difference between American farmers ' cost of production and prevailing international prices .
While DEIP is legal in the U.S. , its implementation is a political decision .
In the past , annual dairy export DEIP " bonus " values have ranged from about $ 20 million up to $ 140 million .
While these are miniscule figures for the U.S. , the payments distort the international price of dairy products .
The first post -DEIP auction price for whole milk powder , conducted earlier this month , fell by 12 % -- the biggest price reversal since February .
Mr. Vilsack is taking an expansive view .
In May , he announced the program will offer the maximum allowable subsidies on the largest allowable quantity of dairy products -- 92,000 metric tons , or 7 % of total U.S. dairy exports .
The USDA notes this program is allowed under America 's World Trade Organization commitments .
But two wrongs -- subsidies and retaliation against the European Union -- do n't make a right .
Subsidies negatively impact consumers everywhere .
In the U.S. , DEIP means American families pay higher taxes to support subsidized dairy farmers , wiping out any savings they might enjoy from lower dairy prices .
As in other countries , subsidies effectively shield farmers from true competition .
Higher prices always result , and this price increase is passed straight onto consumers .
There 's nothing inherently " fair " about any form of subsidy .
Just as relevant , especially given Mr. Obama 's stated desire to improve America 's image abroad , is how unfair this subsidy is to dairy farmers in countries like mine , New Zealand .
We 're the world 's second - largest dairy exporter , after the EU and ahead of the U.S .
And we 've reached that market position without any farm subsidies whatsoever .
In 1985 , Wellington was forced to abandon all farm subsidies because they had grown impossibly expensive .
It was an extremely painful time for us .
Some farmers were only able to stay in business because of subsidies .
When those went , they lost everything .
Many are back in business farming now and farming profitably without subsidies .
In fairness to other governments , such a bold step was only politically possible when the continuation of subsidies became fiscally impossible .
But we emerged from that period with a leaner , meaner agricultural industry now among the best in the world .
On - farm productivity growth has outstripped productivity growth in every other sector of New Zealand 's economy for 25 of the last 27 years .
Now programs like DEIP are punishing us for our hard - won success .
The American dairy lobby likes to complain of the squeeze put on U.S. farmers by Fonterra , a farmer - owned cooperative and New Zealand 's largest dairy exporter .
They complain Fonterra is " flooding " the market with milk products at less - than - market prices , but even as the world 's second - largest dairy exporter , New Zealand accounts for only 22 % of the global market .
The U.S. has 16 % global market share .
Because New Zealand dairy farmers are n't subsidized , they cannot engage in selling at a price that 's less than the cost of production .
Dumping is an illegal trade practice , and if we did that we'd go out of business .
Indeed , we 've felt the pinch from last year 's world - wide decline in market prices as keenly as other farmers , if not more , given we are not shielded by compliant governments .
In New Zealand , next season 's forecast payout for many farmers is around $ 2.88 for every 2.2 pounds of milk solids .
The cost of producing those 2.2 pounds of milk solids is currently $ 2.87 .
Some farmers will inevitably fail , but that 's all part of the risk and return of doing business .
Now Messrs .
Obama and Vilsack would punish us for our adaptability by subsidizing New Zealand 's competitors .
That 's not only bad for us , it 's bad for American consumers and taxpayers .
It 's also bad for America 's image and for Washington 's moral authority in advancing the kind of free trade that is so critical for prosperity in the U.S. and around the world .
Mr. Obama 's predecessor , George W. Bush , seemed to understand these principles , at least for a time .
For a brief period , between 2006 and 2009 , neither America nor Europe imposed dairy export subsidies .
That 's why 2008 marked the best returns for dairy farmers in New Zealand , as well as in the U.S .
The question moving forward will be whether Mr. Obama will improve on his current record , or backtrack .
To judge from his administration 's DEIP decision , the early signs are n't exactly promising .
Mr. Nicolson is president of Federated Farmers of New Zealand , which advocates for farmers and free - market principles .
Delinquent loans have exploded .
At 9.24 % of all loans they are well above anything the US has seen in decades .
At least for the growing ranks of loan delinquents , the prospect hyperinflation must be comforting .
( Via Zero Hedge )
Chris Floyd Published : 06 July 2009 Hits : 13473
Words strain ,
Crack and sometimes break , under the burden ,
Under the tension , slip , slide , perish ,
Decay with imprecision , will not stay in place ....
-- T.S. Eliot , " Burnt Norton "
In a surprise move , Vice President Joe Biden signaled that the United States would not intervene to stop Iran from launching a " pre-emptive " attack on Israel .
Biden 's declaration came during an appearance on the ABC news - talk show , " This Week , " with former Bill Clinton aide George Stephanopoulos .
Here are Biden 's exact words , as reported by the New York Times :
“ Look , we cannot dictate to another sovereign nation what they can and cannot do when they make a determination — if they make a determination — that they ’re existentially threatened and their survival is threatened by another country . ”
It is of course well known that Israel possesses a formidable nuclear arsenal -- which it developed illegally , in secret , " rogue - state " style .
It is also well - known that an Israeli attack on Iran is a constant , open topic of discussion -- and advanced planning and war - gaming -- at the highest levels of the Israeli government and military .
Given the fact that a nuclear - armed nation is openly discussing and planning an attack on their country , the Iranians could quite logically " make a determination that they are existentially threatened and their survival is threatened by another country . "
Thus , by Biden 's logic , it would be quite legitimate for the Iranians to mount an attack to " take out the nuclear program " in Israel , given the ever - present existential threat this poses to their survival .
And the United States , according to Biden , would not do anything to stop such an attack , because Washington " cannot dictate to another sovereign nation " what it can do when it feels threatened to such a degree .
This then is the actual , logical meaning of the actual words that Biden used on Sunday : If Iran 's Supreme Leader " made a determination " that his nation 's existence was in peril from attack by a very hostile nuclear - armed nation , then he would be justified in taking pre-emptive action to save his people .
This Hobbesian , dog - eat - dog logic could also apply to any other potential conflict in the world .
Any nation whose leaders declare is under " existential threat " is thereby justified in any pre-emptive attack to quell the threat .
That 's it .
That 's all it takes .
That is the quintessence of the philosophy of international statecraft voiced by Biden on Sunday .
But in practice , of course , this justification for military aggression is not meant to apply universally .
It is reserved solely for the United States -- indeed , it is the very heart of the U.S. government 's officially promulgated " National Security Doctrine " " -- and for any favored American clients and allies .
Israel is the prime example of the latter category ; any and all acts of aggression by its government are always justified -- and usually praised to high heaven -- by Washington .
But this exception also applies to other nations whose aggression serves America 's agenda at any given time : Ethiopia 's American - aided invasion of Somalia , for example , a brutal act of aggression that killed thousands , displaced hundreds of thousands , radicalized thousands , exacerbated sectarian strife , and sparked off a new , vicious civil war -- all in service of America 's Terror War " regime change " agenda .
The machtpolitik philosophy enunciated so clearly by Biden underlies the Terror War operations being continued -- and expanded -- by his boss , Barack Obama , in Iraq , Afghanistan , Pakistan , and now , once more , in Somalia .
Obama continually affirms that America is under an " existential threat " if Afghanistan is not conquered and the " recalcitrant tribes " of Pakistan not bombed and droned into submission .
But nations outside the golden circle of imperial favor are not allowed to make such claims -- even if nuclear weapons really are aimed at them , by governments who really do call for their destruction .
Thus once again we see American leaders trying to justify their own ( and their favorites ' ) military aggression by referring to some grand , universal principle -- which they immediately subvert by failing to apply it universally .
Yet it is certain that no one in the upper reaches of the American power structure will note -- or even recognize -- the howling illogic of Biden 's position .
Why should they ?
It is their own underlying , animating principle , the very air they breathe : whatever We and Ours do is good , is true , is right , is righteous .
If We torture , it is good ; in fact , it 's not even torture .
If We invade other countries without provocation , it 's not aggression ; it 's liberation .
If We kill innocent people to further Our political agenda , it 's not terrorism ; it 's heroism , it 's a " defense of the realm , " of " our way of life . "
If We and Ours openly call and plan for " regime change " in other countries , those countries have no right to feel threatened ; they should simply fall into line with Our wishes .
This , again , is the unquestioned and apparently unquestionable core assumption of the American political , corporate and business classes .
This can be seen in the New York Times story on Biden 's interview .
Reporter Brian Knowlton makes what he believes is a telling point .
After devoting a couple of paragraphs to some of the dangers of an attack on Iran that various American officials have expressed , Knowlton says :
Still , the disputed Iranian election result has raised concerns in Israel .
Officials there say that the victory by Mr. Ahmadinejad , who has called for the destruction of Israel , underscored the Iranian threat and bolstered the argument for tough action .
Here of course , Knowlton repeats the blood libel that Ahmadinejad has " called for the destruction of Israel . "
As Juan Cole and many others have constantly pointed out , Ahmadinejad has done no such thing :
... the actual quote , which comes from an old speech of Khomeini , does not imply military action , or killing anyone at all .
The second reason is that it is just an inexact translation .
The phrase is almost metaphysical .
He quoted Khomeini that " the occupation regime over Jerusalem should vanish from the page of time . "
It is in fact probably a reference to some phrase in a medieval Persian poem .
It is not about tanks .
In other words , Ahmadinejad was indulging in the flatulent , high - falutin rhetorical bilgewater favored by politicians around the globe , from the dawn of time .
In doing so , he expressed the same kind of hope that the American government and the United States government have formally expressed in the Iran Freedom Support Act , in which the nation 's leaders committed $ 10 million of the public 's money to support the removal of the current Iranian regime .
Unlike Ahmadinejad 's cloudy evocation , the Americans openly put cold hard cash on the line to help make the Iranian regime " vanish from the page of time . "
( All of this is in addition to the far larger covert efforts -- including terrorism , sabotage and other black ops -- also being carried out in Iran by the United States and local proxies . )
In any case , for all his manifold faults , Ahmadinejad did not and has not " called for the destruction of Israel , " nor issued any " existential threat " against the people in Israel -- nor could he actually destroy Israel or even threaten its existence even he wanted to .
Israel , on the other hand , has the aforementioned rogue nuclear arsenal , and a bipartisan leadership that constantly declares its strong intent to " eliminate the Iranian threat " -- and which is backed to the hilt by the most powerful military in the history of the world , whose vice president has just publicly affirmed that America will not stop any Israeli attack on Iran .
Who then , by Biden 's own logic , is actually facing an existential threat which , by Biden 's own logic , would justify a pre-emptive attack ?
II .
But the grim NYT story -- presaging , as it does , a monstrous act of folly and hubris that could kill thousands upon thousands of innocent human beings -- does end with a bit of comic relief .
Dig this :
In May , Mr. Obama told Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel during a meeting at the White House that “ we ’re not going to have talks forever ” with Iran ; in the absence of cooperation from Tehran , he said , the administration would not rule out “ a range of steps . ”
" We 're not going to have talks forever " !
That 's a hoot , ai n't it ?
These " talks , " presumably , are the " talks " that " we " are not actually having at all .
Obama appears to believe that talking about the possibility of having talks is the same thing as actually having talks -- and is eager to assure his warlike allies , at home and abroad , that he will not drag out these non-existent talks any longer than necessary .
And earlier in the story , Knowlton points out that Obama " has said that diplomatic efforts to halt Iran ’s nuclear program should be given to the end of the year . "
Please note well the usage here ; in the midst of so much slipping , sliding and perishing of words , our leaders ' imprecision is sometimes chillingly precise .
Obama says that he is -- graciously , imperiously -- willing to give diplomacy a few more months to stop Iran 's nuclear program .
Not its nuclear weapons program , which , by all evidence , does not exist , but its nuclear energy program in general -- which by international treaty Iran has every right to pursue , and has pursued under the most stringent international supervision .
Obama is thus leaving open the possibility of overt American moves " beyond diplomacy " if Iran is still pursuing its perfectly legal , internationally sanctioned nuclear program next year -- that is , if Israel is not given the green light for a proxy shot first .
Certainly the trial balloons to habituate the public to the idea of a strike are going up again ; on the very day that Biden was signalling American acquiescence to an Israeli strike on Iran , the Times of London -- a frequent stovepipe for the Anglo - American militarist elite -- headlines this little item : Saudis give nod to Israeli raid on Iran .
This in turn dovetails with news that Israel 's much - preferred candidate , Japanese diplomat and sanctions maven , Yukiya Amano , has just been named director - general of the International Atomic Energy Association , which is overseeing the draconian strictures on Iran 's nuclear program .
It is thought that Amano will be much tougher on Iran than outgoing director Mohamed El Baradei , who occasionally committed the cardinal sin of adhering to law , and logic .
There will no more of that nonsense from IAEA now .
In fact , Amano is off to a flying start , as Gordon Prather notes at Antiwar.com , pointing us to this piece from Bloomberg : UN ’s Amano Says Iran ‘ Under Obligation ’ to Suspend Nuclear Work .
The strenuous effort to get the pliable Amano in place -- as Bloomberg notes , he " previously failed to win majority support in three meetings of the IAEA board " -- eerily recall the machinations to oust the head of the Organization for the Prevention of Chemical Weapons as a prelude to the invasion of Iraq .
As I noted in the Moscow Times in April 2002 :
Jose Bustani is an accomplished Brazilian diplomat , a man of learning and enlightenment , with extensive experience in international affairs , including postings in Vienna , Montreal , the United Nations and Moscow .
For decades , he has served as a high - level negotiator on a number of international treaties , hammering out agreements on disarmament , pollution , scientific research and maritime law .
In 1997 , he became director general of the Organization for the Prevention of Chemical Weapons ( OPCW ) , which enforces the international Chemical Weapons Convention .
In that post , as The Guardian reports , Bustani engineered the destruction of 2 million chemical weapons and the dismantling of two - thirds of the world 's production facilities for biological mass murder .
He was so well regarded by his colleagues that he was re-elected to a five - year term – unanimously – in May 2000 .
Just a few months ago , U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell publicly lauded him for his " very impressive work . "
There was one thing wrong with Jose Bustani , however .
He was negotiating to bring Iraq into the Chemical Weapons Convention .
That was his job , after all : to get as many nations as possible under the treaty 's umbrella .
So he was trying to persuade Iraq to accept the Convention and its strictures – including the destruction of chemical weapons stores and facilities , and constant independent monitoring to ensure compliance .
If he had succeeded , the Middle East – and the world – would have been an immeasurably safer place .
But there were sinister forces – thugs – who did n't want Bustani to succeed .
These thugs have big plans for Iraq , you see .
They 're going to puff up their chests , beat their hairy bellies and rape Iraq , force it down into the dirt and have their way with it .
But they can only do that if Iraq remains a threat – or at least can be credibly framed as a threat to the little ones back home .
[ Note : Yes , it was that obvious , that early , that the United States was going to invade Iraq .
Although the Bush Regime did make a big show of insisting that " diplomatic efforts to [ disarm Iraq ] should be given to the end of the year , " the fix was firmly in .
Remember Iraq 's frantic disclosures at the end of that year -- thousands of documents sent to the UN to prove the dismantling of its WMD programs , and Iraq 's complete acquiescence to all UN inspections ?
Remember how much good it did them , responding to such " diplomatic efforts " ?
Well , of course no one in America remembers the pre-history of the act of aggression that Barack Obama now calls an " extraordinary achievement ; " but you can be the Iranians do . ]
And so George W. Bush , Dick Cheney , Don Rumsfeld and the rest of the pack started in on Bustani .
First they softened him up with some bureaucratic brass knuckles : they illegally withheld U.S. funding for the Convention , leading to a cash crisis at the agency .
Next came a boot in the groin : having themselves engineered the Convention 's money troubles , they accused Bustani of " financial mismanagement " and demanded that Brazil recall him .
The Brazilians refused .
Then the switchblades came out .
Last month , the thugs called for a vote of " no confidence " in Bustani from the Convention 's 145 member nations .
This was foiled – like the gang 's recent attempt to muscle in on Venezuela – by an unexpected show of nerve from the " little guys " who normally quake when the thugs start to bellow .
The no-confidence vote failed .
Now the pack was in full cry .
They called an unprecedented ( and illegal ) " special session " of the Convention to force Bustani 's ouster .
In good thug fashion , they put the squeeze on , threatening to bankrupt the agency or pull out of it altogether – a move that would have collapsed the treaty and set off a world - wide explosion in chemical weapons production .
( Even as it is , the thugs have arbitrarily excluded themselves from most of the treaty 's provisions – including the very same inspection programs that Iraq is condemned for rejecting . )
And this week , they finally unloaded with both barrels .
At the " special session " in The Hague on Monday , the thugs strong - armed 47 of the little guys into voting against Bustani .
Seven countries , including Russia , stood their ground for the man they had all unanimously elected less than two years before , while 43 other countries abstained .
More than 50 countries boycotted the shameful spectacle altogether .
Just as in those heady days of yore , we can now see several dangerous ducks being put in a row .
The process is being helped by the current election crisis in Iran , which has greatly exacerbated the ongoing , never - ending demonization of perfidious Persia .
The hardliners ' crackdown on dissent has been a particular godsend in this regard .
Ahmadinejad , a loose - tongued , bellicose fundamentalist , has always been a most serviceable villain for Western militarists , who need easily caricatured hardliners in charge of their regime change targets .
Which is why they stonewalled the Iranian reformists when they held the presidency , rejecting every opportunity to nurture a genuine , peaceful evolution of Iranian democracy , and were cock - a- hoop when a poltroon like Ahmadinejad took over .
( As Muhammad Sahimi details here . )
Now his goon squad tactics in the election aftermath are doing more to help the American militarists than a thousand warmongering Bill Kristol columns or whole boatload of screeching AEI forums could do .
( Is n't it marvelous how hardliners always buttress their counterparts among the " enemy " ?
Like the old " we will bury you " Commies providing endless ammo for American reactionaries -- and vice versa .
Both sides strenuously fought reform of their systems and called for more repression -- pointing to the ravings of opposing hardliners as justification .
The same dynamic is also at work in the Terror War 's intimate dance between Western militarists and Islamic extremists , each pointing to the other 's depredations as justification for .... more depredations . )
Again , let us not forget that America 's vast covert forces are sponsoring deadly terrorist attacks inside Iran -- an ongoing provocation that is guaranteed to rouse hardliner ire , undermine all genuine , independent reform movements , and make a mockery of Obama 's ludicrous rhetoric about " dialogue . "
The Iranians -- scraping the bodies of their policemen , and the inevitable " collaterals , " from the streets after yet another terrorist attack -- know full well that the Americans are not sincere about " dialogue " and " negotiations . "
They know the only negotiations the Americans are interested in are terms of surrender .
An unfamiliar source sent us these , which claim to be screenshots of the upcoming Google Chrome OS .
Are they real ?
Who knows , but we 'll confess we kinda like them - super simple for a web - centric experience .
They 'll probably turn out to be mockups from a kid in Delaware .
Or pinched from an Engadget story published years ago .
Or something .
We do n't care ... they 're cool , and we 're only gonna keep prodding Google until we get to see the real thing .
Do you want the Google Chrome OS to look like this ?
Let us know your thoughts in the comments .
He was the flamboyant lawyer who championed thousands of impoverished banana plantation workers in a battle against US corporations which allegedly poisoned them with pesticides .
Juan Dominguez left his penthouse office and Ferrari in Los Angeles to collect witness testimonies in dusty Nicaraguan villages and build a class action suit which could net his clients billions of dollars in compensation .
It was his mission , he said , to stand up for the " little guy " .
Hollywood could have made the cigar - chomping attorney into a Latino Erin Brockovich who delivered justice to field labourers left sterilised by dangerous chemicals .
Except for one problem : Dominguez has been accused of orchestrating an audacious international fraud and cover-up .
A US judge has ordered the California state bar association to investigate the lawyer for recruiting fake witnesses and falsifying medical evidence .
The scandal threatens to unravel hundreds of related cases involving more than 10,000 banana workers in central America .
Dole Food Company , the world 's largest producer of fresh fruit and fresh vegetables and the main target of the suit , is celebrating what it hopes is a knockout blow .
" It 's a very important ruling , " said Ted Boutrous , one of Dole 's lead lawyers .
" We think the fraud that has been exposed should bring these other cases to a rapid ending .
It 's already having a domino effect . "
The cases revolve around the spraying of DBCP , or dibromochloropropane , a worm - killing pesticide , on banana plantations in five central American countries in the 1970s .
Labourers say it damaged their health and , in the case of men , left them sterile .
Dole denied causing any harm .
Local courts awarded damages - Nicaragua alone awarded more than $ 2bn ( £ 1.2 bn ) - but were unable to force the corporations to pay .
That changed when US courts became involved .
In 2007 a Los Angeles jury awarded $ 5.7 m to six Nicaraguan men who sued Dole and chemical companies .
Related cases were launched in California and Florida courts by thousands of plaintiffs from Panama , Guatemala , Honduras , Costa Rica and Ivory Coast .
Potential awards were enormous .
In a dramatic twist Dominguez , a lead lawyer for the workers , became the accused .
Investigators from Dole presented evidence that in two lawsuits Dominguez 's legal team falsified work histories and laboratory reports .
People who never worked on plantations were allegedly coached to lie and had children airbrushed out to shore up claims of sterility .
Los Angeles county superior court judge Victoria Chaney threw out the lawsuits in June .
" The actions of the attorneys in Nicaragua and some of the attorneys in the United States , specifically the law offices of Juan Dominguez , have perverted the court 's ability to deliver justice . "
Dominguez is expected to face contempt charges later this month .
Dole , which has 75,000 employees and $ 7bn revenues , has claimed vindication .
" When a light is shined upon these cases they fall apart , " said Boutros .
The company now hopes to squash other cases which Judge Chaney said had been permeated by fraud .
Attorneys who represent banana workers in other cases complained that the ruling was too sweeping and undermined legitimate evidence that Dole ignored safety guidelines and harmed impoverished labourers with DBCP .
Dominguez , who did not respond to interview requests for this article , has challenged the judge 's impartiality and noted that Dole 's investigation did not identify the Nicaraguan witnesses who blew the whistle on him .
The Cuban - American 's image still smiles from LA buses advertising his personal injury law firm .
According to its website it has won over $ 65 m in different cases .
Dominguez features prominently in a documentary , Bananas ! , which depicts the plantation workers ' efforts to bring their claims to court .
The 87 - minute film , made before the fraud findings , shows Dominguez in his swanky LA law office and in sweaty villages in Nicaragua .
He visited more than 70 times over seven years , all on his own dime .
Dole is now suing the Swedish filmmaker , Fredrik Gertten , for allegedly making propaganda for a crook .
Gertten , 53 , said the film was a balanced portrayal and that the US food giant had a case to answer .
" Dole has been very successful in selling itself as the victim .
In the film Dominguez is portrayed as a very colourful personality , which he is .
I make it clear he is not a classical human rights - type lawyer . "
The film has been shown in festivals in the US and Gertten hopes it will soon have a theatrical release in the US and Europe , including Britain .
He acknowledged Dominguez possibly lost control of some colleagues , and that fraud may have occurred , but said powerful corporations had reason to destroy him .
" I think they used Juan Dominguez to show all the other plaintiffs ' lawyers : do n't do this . "
Senators from both sides of the aisle have introduced the Employment Non-Discrimination Act ( ENDA ) which would end discrimination based on the sexual orientation and gender identity in the workplace .
Senators Jeff Merkley ( D - OR ) , Susan Collins ( R- ME ) , Edward Kennedy ( D - MA ) and Olympia Snowe ( R - ME ) are lead sponsors on the bill .
HRC president Joe Solmonese made the following statement :
“ The introduction of an inclusive employment non-discrimination bill in the U.S. Senate is an important and historic step in ending discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity .
No American , and that includes LGBT Americans , should have to worry about their livelihood being taken away from them simply for being who they are .
The overwhelming majority of the American people are in favor of this legislation and now is the time for our community to visit their representatives in Congress to let them know we need this passed into law . ”
Senators Merkley and Kennedy also weighed in :
Sen .
Merkley : “ There is no place in the workplace for employment discrimination .
No worker in America should be fired or denied a job based on who they are .
Discrimination is wrong , period .
I ’m proud to join Senator Kennedy , who is a civil rights legend , and Senators Collins and Snowe , both champions for equality , in taking this next step in our ongoing effort to create a more perfect union and guarantee every American , regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity , the right to earn a living . ”
Sen .
Kennedy : “ The promise of America will never be fulfilled as long as justice is denied to even one among us .
The Employment Non-Discrimination
Act brings us closer to fulfilling that promise for gay , lesbian , bisexual , and transgender citizens .
I ’m proud to join Senators Merkley and Collins in introducing this important legislation . ”
The Senate version of ENDA joins the House version which was introduced last June , and comes on the eve of the August recess .
Be sure to contact your senator or congressman over the break and urge them to support ENDA .
Post by ILO on 08/05/09 at 11:21 am
color : Chameleon Color Picker is easy to use , powerful , elegant , and , we think , darn pretty to look at .
And it 's stupid easy to drop it into your site where it 's needed .
Of course this assumes you have some good reason for your users to pick a color .
Hey , if you like it enough , feel free to come up with such a reason ...
In wheel mode , you can easily adjust both hue and saturation at once .
The bottom slider affects the shade of gray ( or black or white ) at the center .
..........................................
Triangle mode lets you adjust brightness and saturation at once , while the bottom slider adjusts the hue . , you can easily adjust both hue and saturation at once .
The bottom slider affects the shade of gray ( or black or white ) at the center .
lets you adjust brightness and saturation at once , while the bottom slider adjusts the hue .
You can even use it on other people 's sites ( who have not been so thoughtful as to have added it themselves ) by using it as a " bookmarklet " .
Just right - click the below link , select " Bookmark this Link " , and then pick the bookmark from your bookmarks menu when you need it .
Chameleon Color Picker
You can drop the color picker into your site in 5 minutes .
All you have to do is add a couple lines of javascript to your page , and tell it how to find the text input items to Chameleonize .
( if you need it to do something a bit more fancy , it will happily call a javascript callback function you supply )
See full instructions Chameleon is completely free , and licensed under the openest of open source licenses , the BSD license .
This means you can even include it in a closed - source commercial product , so you do n't have to pay someone a lot of money to build a color picker for you , which would probably suck anyway .
View code
We do ask you to leave the links to Karmatics on it , and preferably leave our charming mascot , Karma the Chameleon , there for all to see and enjoy .
However , we 're only asking , not demanding , and we 're not going to throw a fit if you do n't . *
We even make it easy for you to hide the poor little guy .... just set the configuration variable " karma " to " bad " and he 's history .
* - we do n't really have a leg to stand on there anyway , given the BSD license
: web design Rob Brown : design , techniques and algorithms , core code , Matt Tognetti ( intern ) : some code , Jennifer Stinnett : web design ...........................................................................................................................................................
[ Haskell - cafe ] Improving MPTC usability when fundeps are n't appropriate ?
Daniel Peebles wrote : >
I 've been playing with multiparameter typeclasses recently and have > written a few " uncallable methods " in the process .
For example , in > > class
Moo a b where > moo :: a -> a > >
Another solution would be to artificially force moo to take > a " dummy " b so that the compiler can figure out which instance you > meant .
That 's what I 've been doing in the mean time , but would n't it > be simpler and less hackish to add a some form of " instance > annotation " , like a type annotation , that would make it possible to > specify what instance you wanted when it 's ambiguous ?
Syntax aside , dummy arguments have a disadvantage when it comes to optimizing code , because the compiler does n't know that the dummy argument is unused in the function ; indeed you could define instances where the dummy argument is used .
For this reason it 's technically better to use a newtype instead : newtype Lambda t a = Lambda { unLambda :: a } and , say , class Moo a b where moo :: Lambda b ( a -> a )
Note that we can convert between functions taking dummy arguments and such " lambda " types easily : lambdaToDummy :: Lambda t a -> t -> a lambdaToDummy a _ = unLambda a dummyToLambda :: ( t -> a ) ->
Lambda t a dummyToLambda f = Lambda ( f undefined )
In fact , lambdaToDummy makes a great infix operator : ( @@ ) :: Lambda t a -> t -> a ( @@ ) = lambdaToDummy infixl 1 @@ Now we can write moo @@ ( undefined :: x ) where with dummy arguments we would write moo ( undefined :: x ) .
The compiler will inline ( @@ ) and lambdaToDummy ( they 're both small ) and produce unLambda moo , that is , the plain value of type a -> a that we wanted to use in the first place .
All this happens after type checking and fixing the instance of Moo to use .
Bertram
Around 500 staff would be employed in the resort 's first year , rising to 850 after two years .
It would create £ 28.8 million for the economy in its first three years after opening .
According a recent US News & World Report poll , there is strong opposition to any law that would mandate a 55 MPH national speed limit .
Fuel savings is the main argument used by the supporters of a return to a national speed limit , but it ’s an argument that clearly is n’t convincing very many people .
NMA President James Baxter had this to say on the topic :
If this country was serious about significantly reducing motor fuel consumption , it could start by redeploying the money being wasted on ticket - writing campaigns , laser guns , stealth cruisers , ticket cameras , and related wages and invest the savings in strategies to better move traffic in urban and suburban environments , where most fuel consumption actually occurs .
There are huge savings to be realized by simply synchronizing and coordinating traffic signal systems .
Cities that have started this process are not only reaping benefits like reduced fuel use , they are also realizing improved air quality , significantly faster commute times , far less congestion , and less wear and tear on vehicles .
Removing obstacles to smooth traffic flow , including most stop signs and traffic “ calming ” devices , and scrapping other strategies intended to interrupt and disrupt traffic would dramatically improve fuel economy for the entire vehicle fleet .
You can read the rest of James Baxter ’s article on why a 55 MPH national speed limit is unenforceable and counterproductive at the US News & World Report website .
Money Featured
Coronavirus and your finances : how to get the help you need
If you are in this situation , contact your bank or lender as soon as possible .
Yes you can use it .
But , if you are struggling to pay off your …
From the ' hostile Wi - Fi network ' files :
The Wi-Fi network at last week 's Black Hat conference in Las Vegas was pummeled by multiple types of attacks -- but the network held ( at least that was my experience ) .
The stats are now out on the security status of the Wi-Fi network at Black Hat , which was run by wireless vendor Aruba Networks .
I spoke with Aruba prior to the event and they were confident they had the gear to keep the network secure .
So what was the damage ?
9 suspected rogue APs were detected .
175 attempts by a wireless user to access the Aruba mobility controller were blocked by the Aruba firewall .
23 impersonation attacks were detected .
71 non-Blackhat APs were detected .
154 denial - of - service ( DoS ) attacks were detected .
That does n't seem too crazy , but when you consider the briefings portion was only two days long , that 's a non-trivial amount of attacks for a Wi -Fi network .
The DoS attack number is the one that is the most significant in my view , especially when compared on a year over year basis .
For 2008 , Aruba reported only 24 DoS attacks .
That means ( if my math is correct ) there was a 600 % increase in DoS attacks at Black Hat in 2009 .
Come to think of it , I did have the odd connection drop when I was in the Augustus Ballroom , but overall as a user I really did n't notice any significant connection issues when connected to the Black Hat Wi -Fi network this year .
Music Nirvana - The Best Music hourly
See the hourly top ranked music .
Science Fiction
By the Decade .
Now you can find your favorite science fiction by the decade .
Implementing American Universal National Health Care is the ONLY thing big enough to fuel our economic recovery .
Britain began its Universal National Health Care System immediately after World War II when most of its buildings lay in bombed out ruins and Britain was incredibly bankrupt .
The Universal National health Care system catalyzed the nation causing economic growth with the training of huge numbers of new doctors and medical personnel and the huge growth of the medical economy .
Universal National Health Care helped lift Britain out of economic collapse .
There was no " option " .
For this reason the time for American Universal National Health Care is NOW exactly BECAUSE we are in an economic crisis .
American Universal National Health
Care will cause the high wage jobs and taxable business growth economic recovery in America that we so desperately need RIGHT NOW .
Would you rather have an economy based on pushing fraudulent paper on Wall Street or one rebuilt on American growth in medical technology and personnel fueled by a large , new , demand driven expansion of the high tech , high wage jobs , medical industry ?
Here 's something else you probably did n't know : Government cost limits on the price of medical procedures actual INCREASE innovation rather than reduce it .
Here 's proof .
In Japan they actually set maximum prices for certain medical procedures such as an MRI scan but did n't allow rationing .
People still wanted MRIs .
So Japanese technology companies redesigned MRIs so they could be made much more cheaply than American MRI machines to increase profits while still providing those MRI scans at the price set by the government .
Soon the Japanese started building their own new cheaper MRI 's and they were so much cheaper that got used much MORE than the old MRIs had at the higher prices .
This resulted in MORE MRI scans being made available not less .
In fact the resulting Japanese MRI machines are so much cheaper and more effective than previous USA MRI machines that the Japanese MRI is now taking over the market in other countries like the United States .
The Japanese MRI machines now out compete USA designed MRI machines which had virtually no cost pressures due to our skewed healthcare system which now excludes the demand of millions of those patients who have lower incomes .
So now the Japanese MRI machines are sold and imported to the United States !
Now is the time for AMERICAN Universal National Health Care to pull us out of the depression we are now in .
It will be the economic engine that restarts American ingenuity and high paying jobs that are now being stifled by the minimal coverage of private health insurers .
And we should set cost controls for procedures to prompt US manufacturers to be as competitive as the Japanese .
We will get a huge economic recovery , better technology and have less rationing of healthcare than we get now from expensive private healthcare providers .
American Universal National Health Care is an economic necessity .
Our economic recovery that will be fueled by the American Universal National Health Care System can not be just an " OPTION . "
I am surprised Republicans do n't remember what Reagan said - if you expand the economy you will raise tax revenues and cause an economic boom .
Remember " A rising tide lifts all boats ? "
Well in this case it will becuase an expansion of healthcare to ALL citizens including the 40 something MILLION now excluded from the healthcare marketplace will create HUGE new numbers of high paying jobs , businesses , and opportunities that will make our economy boom more than any other single thing Obama and even Republicans could do - and it will cost far less than the bailouts already being done which have n't created any jobs or new businesses .
Not only will citizens thank Obama and even Republicans if they pass American Universal Health Care , but business owners will too .
Empty buildings will fill with new clinics .
Schools will fill with new medical trainees .
Medical equipment manufacturers will race to meet the new demand .
Investors will finally have stocks with increasing revenues .
Job growth will jump as the new clinics hire and the supporting businesses hire .
With the increase in job growth and wages houses will finally have buyers who can afford them and the toxic housing debt will finally stop hemorraging .
In fact by expanding the healthcare market instantly to the 40 million currently uninsured Americans it will be revenue positive in a huge way for business owners , job seekers , property owners and yes even the government by increasing the tax base dramatically .
Medicine is estimated to be one sixth of our national economy .
By expanding it instantly to 40 million more Americans it will be the largest single PERMANENT economic expansion in American history .
Vivzizi
Music Nirvana - The Best Music hourly
See the hourly top ranked music .
Science Fiction
By the Decade .
Now you can find your favorite science fiction by the decade .
www.globalboiling.com
What 's next for the Earth
www.electricquakes.com
Do earthquakes sometimes get triggered by solar activity ?
www.kickinggas.org
How to build cars that kick ass while kicking gas
Image : Piraattipuolue
Finland 's Pirate Party candidates can now stand for office in Finnish municipal and parliamentary elections as well as in EU parliamentary elections .
On its website the party states that its primary objective now is to secure a seat in Finland 's 2011 parliamentary elections .
The Finnish Pirate Party ’s agenda includes overhauling copyright laws and abolishing patents .
The Finnish Pirate Party is modelled on the Swedish Pirates , who won one seat in the EU parliament elections in June .
Sweden 's Pirates saw a rush of interest this spring after the conviction of the men behind the file - sharing site Pirate Bay .
With the addition of the Pirate Party , Finland now has 15 official political parties .
The trailer of the first anal
The trailer of the first anal
Skinny slut gets ass fucked while she gets her pussy rubbed
Skinny slut gets ass fucked while she gets her pussy rubbed
She is great at giving handys
She is great at giving handys
FPS : She gets a huge load on her face
FPS : She gets a huge load on her face
Send us your birds
Have you got something we should definitely share ?
Contact us !
Some MPs complained they had been treated unfairly The editor of the Daily Telegraph has defended his coverage of MPs ' expenses , saying suggestions it had irreparably damaged Parliament were " rubbish " .
Will Lewis told the BBC his paper 's reports about MPs ' claims would make Parliament more " open " and allow a " new generation " of people to be elected .
The coverage led to several MPs resigning and prompted major reforms .
But former
Tory leader Michael Howard said some of the paper 's coverage had been " inaccurate and unfair " .
' Shock and awe '
Mr Lewis told the BBC 's political editor Nick Robinson that the expenses scandal of the past two months - triggered by the paper 's publication of the unedited details of MPs ' expenses since 2004 - had had an " undeniably good " effect .
Speaking publicly for the first time since the saga began , he said suggestions his paper 's actions had undermined Parliament and democracy were " complete rubbish " .
" It is going to open up Parliament to a whole new generation of people who understand what it means to be an elected representative of British citizens , " he told a special Radio 4 programme on the expenses affair , ' Moats , Mortgages and Mayhem ' .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Parliament had " lost its moral authority " some time ago , he said , illustrated by the long fight by some MPs to block the publication of their expenses details .
" This is not my fault .
I am the messenger who happened to be able to get this stuff and deliver it to people who should have been told this by MPs themselves . "
Mr Lewis denied the coverage had been partisan , saying the paper had shone a light on the conduct of MPs from all parties with " the same vigour " .
He said the extensive nature of the paper 's disclosures was justified because of legitimate public interest in the story and the need to publish information quickly .
" I knew we did have to go , in effect , for shock and awe , " he explained .
" The principle we were establishing here was that I know this information was true and the readers must know this as quickly as possible because this has gone on for too long unnoticed . "
He added : " Why did we do this ?
Because they did not want us to see it . "
' Tarred '
Mr Howard acknowledged the paper had performed a public service by exposing " real abuses " of the system .
But he said the paper had failed , in many cases , to distinguish the unethical from the innocent and that most MPs had been " tarred with the same brush " .
" In doing so , I think they have in a number of cases been unfair , inaccurate and indeed , untruthful . "
This was " bad for democracy and for the standing of MPs " .
Police are currently investigating the conduct of a small number of MPs and peers over their expenses .
In response to the scandal , Gordon Brown has proposed new laws to transfer regulation of all expenses to an outside body as well as new offences for misconduct .
The Telegraph Group continued its coverage of Parliamentary pay and expenses by publishing details of MPs ' income from second jobs on Sunday .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
US Attorney General Eric J. Holder , Jr. and his prosecutors are likely to start knocking on a lot of doors in Washington , since announcing last Monday an official investigation into the alleged abuse of detainees held by the Central Intelligence Agency .
But they wo n’t find a welcome mat if they come around to former Vice President Dick Cheney .
In a Fox News television interview six days after Mr. Holder ’s announcement , Mr. Cheney suggested that he might not cooperate with the Attorney General , The Washington Post reported .
Asked whether he would talk to John Durham , the veteran prosecutor appointed by Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. to examine allegations that the CIA abused Sept. 11 terror suspects , Cheney said : " It will depend on the circumstances and what I think their activities are really involved in .
During the interview , Cheney dismissed the need for cooperation with prosecutors , reports Reuters .
" I'm very proud of what we did in terms of defending the nation for the past eight years , successfully , " Cheney said in a recorded interview .
" And it wo n't take a prosecutor to find out what I think .
I 've already expressed those views . "
Cheney has accused Mr. Holder of making the investigation a “ political act . ”
But some observers think Cheney ’s reaction is equally political .
Yael T. Abouhalkah , a columnist for the Kansas City Star , writes :
Cheney is playing to the conservative crowd , but he also appears to be saying he will decide whether he 's above the law or not .
" It will depend on the circumstances and what I think their activities are really involved in .
I 've been very outspoken in my views on this matter . ”
Yes , he has been .
But that does n't mean the former vice president will look very good to many Americans if he refuses to cooperate -- especially given his hands - on treatment of terrorist investigations while he served in the Bush administration .
Cheney may not be willing to cooperate , but security analysts say many within the CIA want the record to come out , reports the Public Record :
They want the dirty laundry aired and the people responsible punished , ” [ Col. Lawrence ]
Wilkerson , [ former Secretary of State Colin Powell ’s chief of staff ] .
“ One or two are worried about countries such as Poland and Morocco where secret prisons were located and [ torture was ] condoned , but no so much for future intelligence reasons as for what may happen to the leaders who condoned the prisons now that the citizens of those countries have been made aware .
Advertisement
Window / Linux : Fixing a tag here and there is one thing , but what if your MP3 collection is in need of a deep and serious massaging to get things in order ?
MP3
Diags lets you dig into the guts of MP3s .
The creator of MP3 Diags was frustrated with how limited many of the MP3 repair tools he used were and how many of them used tags incorrectly or inserted their own tags into the MP3s .
MP3
Diags is a powerful MP3 editor that not only allows you to diagnose and fix surface problems with your MP3 collection such as incorrect track numbers or song names , but it digs even deeper and enables you to repair things like problems with the VBR header and other hidden but important aspects of your music collection .
Advertisement
While we were impressed with MP3 Diags we 'll slap the same kind of warning on it that we would a program that helps you modify your Windows Registry .
Make sure you read the instructions carefully before mucking around in your collection and a backup before doing any heavy editing is strongly recommended .
If you 're a bit hesitant to mess around with MP3 Diags but you 'd really like to get at least the albums , song names , and tracks cleaned up in your collection you definitely want to check out previously reviewed iTune 's add - in Tune Up .
MP3 Diag is freeware and available for Windows and Linux .
MP3 Diags [ via gHacks ]
A paper just appeared in Physical Review Letters with a provocative title : " A Quantum Solution to the Arrow - of - Time Dilemma , " by Lorenzo Maccone .
Actually just " Quantum ... " , not " A Quantum ... " , because among the various idiosyncrasies of PRL is that paper titles do not begin with articles .
Do n't ask me why .
But a solution to the arrow - of - time dilemma would certainly be nice , quantum or otherwise , so the paper has received a bit of attention ( Focus , Ars Technica ) .
Unfortunately , I do n't think this paper qualifies .
The arrow - of - time dilemma , you will recall , arises from the tension between the apparent reversibility of the fundamental laws of physics ( putting aside collapse of the wave function for the moment ) and the obvious irreversibility of the macroscopic world .
The latter is manifested by the growth of entropy with time , as codified in the Second Law of Thermodynamics .
So a solution to this dilemma would be an explanation of how reversible laws on small scales can give rise to irreversible behavior on large scales .
The answer is n't actually that mysterious , it 's just unsatisfying .
Namely , the early universe was in a state of extremely low entropy .
If you accept that , everything else follows from the nineteenth - century work of Boltzmann and others .
The problem then is , why should the universe be like that ?
Why should the state of the universe be so different at one end of time than at the other ?
Why is n't the universe just in a high - entropy state almost all the time , as we would expect if its state were chosen randomly ?
Some of us have ideas , but the problem is certainly unsolved .
So you might like to do better , and that 's what Maccone tries to do in this paper .
He forgets about cosmology , and tries to explain the arrow of time using nothing more than ordinary quantum mechanics , plus some ideas from information theory .
I do n't think that there 's anything wrong with the actual technical results in the paper -- at a cursory glance , it looks fine to me .
What I do n't agree with is the claim that it explains the arrow of time .
Let 's just quote the abstract in full :
The arrow of time dilemma : the laws of physics are invariant for time inversion , whereas the familiar phenomena we see everyday are not ( i.e. entropy increases ) .
I show that , within a quantum mechanical framework , all phenomena which leave a trail of information behind ( and hence can be studied by physics ) are those where entropy necessarily increases or remains constant .
All phenomena where the entropy decreases must not leave any information of their having happened .
This situation is completely indistinguishable from their not having happened at all .
In the light of this observation , the second law of thermodynamics is reduced to a mere tautology : physics cannot study those processes where entropy has decreased , even if they were commonplace .
So the claim is that entropy necessarily increases in " all phenomena which leave a trail of information behind " -- i.e. , any time something happens for which we can possibly have a memory of it happening .
So if entropy decreases , we can have no recollection that it happened ; therefore we always find that entropy seems to be increasing .
Q.E.D.
But that does n't really address the problem .
The fact that we " remember " the direction of time in which entropy is lower , if any such direction exists , is pretty well - established among people who think about these things , going all the way back to Boltzmann .
( Chapter Nine . )
But in the real world , we do n't simply see entropy increasing ; we see it increase by a lot .
The early universe has an entropy of 10 ^ 88 or less ; the current universe has an entropy of 10 ^ 101 or more , for an increase of more than a factor of 10 ^ 13 -- a giant number .
And it increases in a consistent way throughout our observable universe .
It 's not just that we have an arrow of time -- it's that we have an arrow of time that stretches coherently over an enormous region of space and time .
This paper has nothing to say about that .
If you do n't have some explanation for why the early universe had a low entropy , you would expect it to have a high entropy .
Then you would expect to see small fluctuations around that high - entropy state .
And , indeed , if any complex observers were to arise in the course of one of those fluctuations , they would " remember " the direction of time with lower entropy .
The problem is that small fluctuations are much more likely than large ones , so you predict with overwhelming confidence that those observers should find themselves in the smallest fluctuations possible , freak observers surrounded by an otherwise high - entropy state .
They would be , to coin a pithy phrase , Boltzmann brains .
Back to square one .
Again , everything about Maccone 's paper seems right to me , except for the grand claims about the arrow of time .
It looks like a perfectly reasonable and interesting result in quantum information theory .
But if you assume a low - entropy initial condition for the universe , you do n't really need any such fancy results -- everything follows the path set out by Boltzmann years ago .
And if you do n't assume that , you do n't really explain our universe .
So the dilemma lives on .
Iranians go to the polls tomorrow after one of the most lively and keenly fought campaigns since the Islamic revolution .
The main choice , between the populist incumbent , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , whose rabble - rousing rhetoric brought him victory last time around , and Mir-Hossein Mousavi , a former prime minister hailed by Western observers as a reformist , suggests that the revolution has come of age .
Two - thirds of Iran 's population , and one third of the electorate , are under 30 ; the only world they have known is that of the Islamic Republic .
But that does not mean that they are not interested in change or aware of other possibilities .
The campaign has shown the extent of their engagement – on both sides of the argument .
The campaign has brought hundreds of thousands out on to the streets in rival rallies .
Mr Ahmadinejad has on his side the young cohorts of the revolution , and the country 's poor .
Mr Mousavi has attracted a following among the middle class and women , thanks in part to his promise to reform laws that are , as he put it , unfair to women and the high profile taken by his wife .
The position of women has become an issue in this campaign , but so has economic management .
Mr Ahmadinejad has , not unreasonably , been challenged about why the economy is not in better shape , given the high oil prices of recent years .
Mr Mousavi has traded on his reputation as a competent economic manager .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The Presidential election in Iran matters .
That Iran is a theocracy , with Ayatollah Khamenei as Supreme Leader , does not alter the fact that when Iranians go to vote , they will have a real choice , and one that will determine much about where Iran goes from here .
The enthusiastic campaigning is a good sign .
A victory for Mr Mousavi would be welcomed abroad , especially in the United States , as easing the rapprochement President Obama has offered .
But Mr Ahmadinejad showed , by publicly supporting a retrial for the US journalist ( who was subsequently released ) , that he was tempted by Mr Obama 's overtures .
The election offers a chance for whoever wins to use his mandate to re-engage Iran in the wider world .
It is a chance he should not pass up .
A user of controversial BitTorrent directory The Pirate Bay has uploaded what must surely be the ultimate illegal download – a backup of the entire Pirate Bay site including its entire database of ( mostly illegal ) files .
With the site changing hands in a couple of weeks ’ time , the user has decided it ’s worthwhile having an ‘ insurance policy ’ in case the new owners decide to remove any content .
Global Gaming Factory X , the Swedish company who will soon control The Pirate Bay has made clear it is taking the site into new legitimate territory by making deals with major media companies .
Hardcore users of the site are understandably worried that the new approach will lead to unlicensed torrents being removed .
Torrentfreak reports that the entire Pirate Bay site , including every torrent available at the time the user took the backup , takes up just 21.3 Gigabytes .
Why so small ?
Torrents are simply ‘ pointer ’ files that send downloaders to other users ’ computers to download the actual music , video or software files .
The result of this move is that numerous clones of the current Pirate Bay site could be up and running within days .
It ’s a reminder that internet piracy is virtually unstoppable , no matter what media companies and politicians may say .
Read next : Doodurls is the Doodle destination
Remember that dispute about whether it was Mark Zuckerberg or some other Harvard students who really dreamed up Facebook a few years ago ?
Well , it turns out that the notion of putting notes and images on a host ’s “ face book ” was around long , long before Mr. Zuckerberg posted anything on his Wall .
Bryan Benilous , a historical newspaper specialist at the digital - archive company Proquest , said he and his colleagues came across a Boston Daily Globe article from August 24 , 1902 , titled , “ Face Book The New Fad , ” describing a party game where revelers sketch out cartoony caricatures for fun .
“ I think it is interesting to note the similarities with this first iteration of Face Book as a shared social experience , ” said Mr. Benilous .
“ It ’s almost like having friends write on your wall in a much less tech - savvy way . ”
There are more than a few similarities between current social - networking practices and early - 20th century social practices , said Ellen Gruber Garvey , a professor at New Jersey City University and the author of an upcoming exploration of new media in American history called “ Book , Paper , Scissors : Scrapbooks Remake Print Culture . ”
Drawing games and versions of the Surrealist parlor game Exquisite Corpse were popular activities .
Ms. Garvey also said it was common for Americans in the 19th and 20th centuries to keep guestbooks in which visitors and friends could scribble thoughts or jokes -– not unlike a MySpace or Facebook profile page .
One notable version was kept by Amy Matilda Cassey , an abolitionist from Philadelphia .
“ There ’s a whole school of amusements that prefaced social networking and those sorts of interactions with friends on the Web , ” said Ms. Garvey .
These sorts of albums and scrapbooks were often kept as records of parties , special events and friendships .
Ms. Garvey also said it was common for antiquarian newspapers to publish short articles recommending fun activities .
The Face Book article is not the first quirky relic that Mr. Benilous and his colleagues have excavated from old news articles .
His team at ProQuest has digitized more than 200 million articles from early editions of The New York Times , The Los Angeles Times and The Boston Globe , among others , for archival purposes .
In addition to discovering what appears to be an emoticon in a transcript of a speech by Abraham Lincoln , they ’ve uncovered a 1942 Washington Post article titled “ Think Before You Twitter ” about gossiping and a 1903 article referring to the first “ pocket telephone . ”
“ The digitization process , which has allowed this content to be keyword - searchable , has opened up a treasure trove of content for both serious academic research and for fun , ” Mr. Benilous said .
“ You would be surprised with what you find searching through the database . ”
The “ Skankiest in NYC . ” A “ psychotic , lying , whoring … skank . ”
“ Desperation seeps from her soul , if she even has one . ” – Rosemary Port ’s comments about Liskula Cohen
Insults and abuse are rampant on the Internet .
But , do you know your rights if someone calls you horrible names online ?
Can you make Google divulge your detractor ’s real identity so you can sue him or her for defamation ?
Does Google have an obligation to protect your privacy ?
The 2009 Liskula Cohen versus Google “ skank ” decision answered these questions when it forced Google to reveal the identity of a blogger who allegedly defamed model Liskula Cohen on a Blogspot.com site titled “ Skanks in New York . ”
Unfortunately , there is still a lot of misinformation circulating about the case and what it means for anonymous speech .
This article lists the five biggest myths regarding the case , as well as the truth behind each one .
Myth 1 : The case signaled the end of online anonymity
False
This case in no way ended anonymous online speech .
This single order from a lower - court judge in New York has no legal power over courts outside the state .
In fact , the ruling is so limited that appellate courts in New York can still overturn or modify it .
To outlaw anonymous blogging in America , the United States Supreme Court would have to rule on such a case .
And there is little reason to believe the justices would rule in favor of exposing citizens ’ identities .
In fact , the cases about anonymous speech that the U.S. Supreme Court has decided have generally upheld a person ’s right to speak anonymously — at least until he or she breaks another law .
Is online reputation negatively affecting your career ?
Find out with our free Reputation Report Card .
Start Your Scan
Even if the Supreme Court eventually does rule against anonymity , people could still remain anonymous online by using fake emails , proxy servers , and anonymous browsing .
Apparently , Rosemary
Port entered her real email address when she set up her blog .
If she had n’t done this , we still would n’t know her identity .
This case garnered a lot of publicity because of the salacious nature of the charges and the celebrity involved .
However , it did n’t set any legal precedent .
The nature of the Internet has n’t changed :
If you do n’t break any laws , you can still remain anonymous .
Myth 2 : Google was liable
False
Google does not legally owe Liskula Cohen or Rosemary Port anything .
Liskula Cohen did not go after Google for damages .
She only included Google as a defendant in her lawsuit to force it to identify the blogger who was defaming her .
Once the judge ordered Google to reveal the blogger ’s email address , the company had nothing further to do with the case .
In fact , according to Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act of 1996 , people can’t hold businesses like Google liable for what users post via these companies ’ platforms .
Rosemary
Port initially planned to sue Google for $ 15 million for violating her right to privacy , but she never filed any papers .
However , if she had gone through with the suit , she most likely would have lost .
Google defended her identity in court and tried its best to keep her anonymous .
But it was forced to release her name in the end .
There was nothing more Google could have done at that point ; the company could n’t ignore a court order .
Get your free
Reputation Report Card Start Your Reputation Scan
Posting content on the Internet inherently puts your privacy at risk .
By signing up for the Blogspot service , Rosemary Port agreed with the company ’s Terms of Service , which stated that it might have to disclose her identity if a court ordered it to do so .
Because this is what happened , Google is blameless .
Myth 3 : The judge trampled on the First Amendment
False
The First Amendment states that citizens have a right to speak without government censorship .
Because Google is a private company , its internal decisions about what kinds of content to publish do not involve the First Amendment in any way .
However , the First Amendment does come into play when the government compels Google to reveal a speaker ’s identity .
According to the First Amendment , the government can’t forcibly reveal the identities of people who say or write things critical of the government .
In contrast , individuals have always been guaranteed the right to find out the identity of a person who they allege is defaming them .
In this case , the judge ruled that Cohen deserved to find out who was attacking her so that she could take that person to court .
( While Cohen did file a $ 3 million lawsuit for defamation , she later dropped her lawsuit , claiming that “ It adds nothing to my life to hurt hers .
I wish her happiness . ” )
Myth 4 : The Supreme Court decided the case
Technically true , but still false
The Supreme Court of Manhattan , not the Supreme Court of the United States , decided the case .
Is online reputation negatively affecting your career ?
Find out with our free Reputation Report Card .
Start Your Scan
And although its name sounds impressive , the Supreme Court in New York is actually the state ’s least important court .
To make it even more confusing , each judge on this court is called a “ Justice ” — the title normally reserved for members of the most important court in the country .
In reality , New York ’s Supreme Court is merely a trial court like a Municipal Court or a Superior Court .
The state ’s most important court is the New York Court of Appeals .
Myth 5 : The blogger was guilty of defamation
False
The case was not about whether or not what Rosemary Port posted on her blog defamed Liskula Cohen .
It only ruled that another court might do so .
And to allow a defamation case to go forward , Google needed to reveal the blogger ’s identity .
This type of lawsuit — in which a judge orders a website or Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) to reveal the name of someone who has disparaged a person or company — has become more common with the rise of the Internet and social media .
Often , people bring these cases as a prelude to filing a defamation suit ( like Liskula Cohen did ) .
But , sometimes people use them as a way of intimidating or harassing their critics .
When used to these ends , these cases are called CyberSLAPPs , with “ SLAPP ” standing for “ Strategic Lawsuits Against Public Participation . ”
* * * * * * * * * *
Due to the tawdry nature of the blogger ’s accusations , some people might not give this case the same weight that they ’d give to other important legal decisions .
However , the robust debate that it has sparked regarding the limits of free speech , the right to privacy , and how to protect your online reputation can’t help but benefit our society as we conduct more and more of our lives online .
Another good thing to come out of this case is that Ms. Cohen has leveraged what she has learned from her experience to advocate for cyberbullying victims .
She became a spokesperson for the cause after receiving a letter from the mother of a teenage girl who committed suicide after being cyberbullied .
“ We do have the freedom of speech but we do n’t have the freedom to defame , ” says Cohen .
“ If the internet is just supposed to be the Wild West , a do - what - you - want , say - what - you - want place and no longer a reliable source of information – which is what I think it was intended for – then I want no part of it . ”
The release of the new images next month could be one of the most talked about events of the summer .
The television images the world has been used to seeing of the historic moment when Neil Armstrong descended down a ladder onto the moon ’s surface in 1969 is grainy , blurry and dark .
The following scenes , in which the astronauts move around the lunar lander , are so murky it is difficult to make out exactly what is going on , causing conspiracy theorists to claim the entire Apollo 11 mission was an elaborate fraud .
However , viewers have only ever seen such poor quality footage because the original analogue tapes containing the pictures beamed direct from the lunar surface were lost almost as soon as they were recorded .
Instead , a poor quality copy made from a 16 mm camera pointing at a heavily compressed image on a black and white TV screen has been the only record of the event .
The Sunday Express can now reveal that the missing tapes containing the original high quality images have been found .
If the visual data can be retrieved , Nasa is set to reveal them to the world as a key plank of celebrations to mark the 40th anniversary of the landings next month .
The tapes show in much more detail than almost anyone has previously seen the surface of the moon beneath the patriotic symbol of the US flag .
Crucially , they could once and for all dispel 40 years of wild conspiracy theories .
The low grade , dark and grainy television pictures that were beamed around the world on July 21 1969 were intended to give Americans just a glimpse of their country ’s greatest exploratory achievement .
Technology at the time meant Neil Armstrong ’s film , recorded using a special lunar camera , went through a series of processes , each of which marked a step down in quality before it hit people ’s living rooms .
From the moon , the signal was beamed to the Earth ’s closest tracking station at the Parkes Observatory in Australia where , along with other important data , it was recorded on to high - grade magnetic tapes .
From there , the raw images were downsized to American television resolutions by a special scanner in Sydney , heavily compressed so they could be transmitted live , and then relayed to the US via the Intelsat III satellite .
The final loss in quality came when Nasa made its US recording of the event — the one always seen in archive footage — by simply placing a 16 mm film camera in front of a television monitor in the US .
However , it is the original magnetic tapes recorded back at the Parkes Observatory in Australia that contained the unadulterated and highest quality images .
To the later horror of researchers and scientists , it was those tapes that went missing .
Houston finally admitted to the world it had a problem four years ago and launched a desperate plea for help , issuing a ‘ wanted ’ notice with clues to where the elusive tapes might be .
Most suspected they had been shipped from Australia to an American archive and then mislaid .
However , recently scientists looking for other data stumbled across a number of Nasa tapes in a storage facility in Perth , Australia .
They thought they merely contained details of moon dust from several Appollo missions .
But Nasa confirmed to the Sunday Express that they also contain the video data of the Apollo 11 landing .
“ We ’re talking about the same tapes , ” a Nasa spokesman said when challenged .
Perhaps unhappy that a secret they had planned to grandly announce in three weeks had been rumbled , he added : “ At this point , I ’m not prepared to discuss what has or has not been found .
I got an e-mail message earlier today from a public relations executive who works for a law firm that is suing the Securities and Exchange Commission on behalf of a small handful of the victims of Bernie Madoff ’s Ponzi scheme .
The legal theory , apparently , is that the agency ’s negligence in failing to catch the now - famous crook means that it should be legally liable for the victims ’ losses .
Anyway , the executive wanted to know whether my column last week about the man who had been unfairly hounded by the S.E.C. for eight years meant that I was becoming more sympathetic toward the Madoff victims .
Having now watched the coverage of Mr. Madoff ’s sentencing , I have my answer : no .
Let ’s dispense first with the idea that the S.E.C. should be reimbursing Madoff victims .
Why ?
Government agencies make mistakes , treat people unfairly and do all sorts of things we all wish they would n’t .
But by law , the federal government cannot be sued when it carries out an unjust prosecution or , for that matter , when it fails to uncover a giant fraud .
Government negligence led pretty directly to the recent financial crisis .
Does that mean the feds should be reimbursing us for our stock market losses ?
Of course not .
Because it ’s not really the S.E.C. that would be paying out the money — it would be the taxpayers .
Why should my tax dollars go to helping Madoff victims ?
This is not 9/11 .
Besides , as I ’ve argued before , the S.E.C. ’s negligence notwithstanding , should n’t the Madoff victims have to bear at least some responsibility for their own gullibility ?
Mr. Madoff ’s supposed results — those steady , positive returns quarter after blessed quarter — is a classic example of the old saw , “ when something looks too good to be true , it probably is . ”
What ’s more , most of the people investing with Mr. Madoff thought they had gotten in on something really special ; there was a certain smugness that came with thinking they had a special , secret deal not available to everyone else .
Of course , it turned out they were right — they did have a special deal .
It just was n’t what they expected .
Outside the courthouse today , television reporters interviewed victims , all eager to tell their tales of woe .
And their stories , in many cases , truly are heart - wrenching .
Hopes and dreams have evaporated .
Homes have been lost .
Retirees are having to take minimum - wage jobs .
Their anger at Mr. Madoff is understandable , to say the least .
But to see them lash out at Irving Picard , the bankruptcy trustee , made me realize that too many of them still seem to think that someone should have to make them whole .
The whole point about Ponzi schemes is that there is not enough money to make anybody whole — they were robbed , pure and simple , and the government is not in the business of reimbursing for robberies .
Not even when the cops stumble across the robbers and then mistakenly let them go .
Today , three days before the Gran Canaria Desktop Summit starts , the KDE team released KDE 4.3.0 RC1 .
RC1 is an early candidate for what will become KDE 4.3.0 at the end of this month .
Artwork has now also been merged , and KDE 4.3 will have a new Plasma look , sported by the new , light " Air " Plasma theme .
Oxygen , the default in earlier versions of KDE 4 is still available as an option through the " Desktop Settings " dialog .
Please give this version some good testing so we can iron out last bugs and make 4.3.0 a smooth release .
Note that KDE 4.3.0 RC1 is not suitable for end users .
Minuteman Missile System
In the late 1950s advances in solid - fuel propellants enabled the Air Force to develop its first solid - fuel ICBM , the Minuteman I ( LGM - 3OA / B ) .
Formal development began in September 1958 , and after an extraordinarily rapid development program , the Air Force put its first ten Minuteman ICBMs on operational alert at Malmstrom AFB , Montana , in October 1962 .
Deployment proceeded at an equally furious pace , and within 5 years 1,000 of the solid - fuel missiles stood poised in their silos .
Twice the Air Force modernized the Minuteman , greatly enhancing its capabilities .
It deployed the first Minuteman IIs ( LGM - 30 F ) in 1966 and the first Minuteman IIIs ( LGM - 3OG ) in 1971 .
The Minuteman III was the first ICBM to be fitted with multiple independently targetable reentry vehicles ( MIRVs ) that enabled a single missile to carry up to three warheads , each aimed at a different target .
The Minuteman force remained at 1,000 missiles for most of the Cold War .
Although 450 Minuteman IIs were taken off operational alert in 1991 , 500 Minuteman IIIs will remain on duty well into the twenty - first century .
( CNN ) --
What can 40 goats and 20 cows buy a Kenyan man ?
Chelsea Clinton 's love , if you ask Godwin Kipkemoi Chepkurgor .
Hillary Clinton says she would let her daughter Chelsea know about a Kenyan man 's unique marriage offer .
The Kenyan man first offered the dowry nine years ago to then - President Bill Clinton in asking for the hand of his only child .
He renewed it Thursday after Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was asked about the proposal at a Nairobi town hall session .
CNN 's Fareed Zakaria , the session 's moderator , commented that given the economic crisis at hand , Chepkurgor 's dowry was " not a bad offer . "
However , Clinton said her daughter was her own person .
" She 's very independent , " she said .
" So I will convey this very kind offer . "
Watch Clinton 's response to dowry offer »
The audience laughed , but Clinton 's comments were no joke to Chepkurgor , who described the younger Clinton as a " beautiful , disciplined and well - natured woman . "
" Of course I have never met her , but I like her family and how they stick together , " Chepkurgor told CNN .
" I 've waited for a long time .
I 'm still waiting to meet her and express my love for her . "
Do n't Miss Fareed Zakaria GPS
Chepkurgor operates a small electronics and computer shop in Nakuru , a major city northwest of Nairobi .
He may still be waiting for Chelsea , but he 's not exactly single .
He married his wife Grace , a college classmate , in 2006 .
" My wife has no problem with this , " he insisted .
" She listened to the answers given by Hillary and did not complain . "
Secretary Hillary Clinton on Fareed Zakaria GPS
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton talks about the global dangers that keep her up at night .
Fareed Zakaria GPS
1 p.m. ET
Sunday see full schedule »
Polygamy is legal in Kenya , so Chelsea would be Chepkurgor 's second wife .
" Is that allowed in your side of the world ? " he laughed .
In Kenya , a man proposes with dowry for the prospective bride , Chepkurgor explained .
He said he stands by his initial livestock offer until someone makes a counteroffer .
Chepkurgor , now 39 , first made his intentions known when all three Clintons visited East Africa in 2000 .
He wrote a letter to the former president , offering himself as his only child 's suitor .
He said he had not expected the secretary of state to address the issue during her visit to Kenya this week .
However , he admits his chances might be rather slim .
" Unfortunately , I do n't have their contact information , " he said .
" I just want to convey my message of goodwill to the Clintons , " he said .
" And to all of America . "
All About Chelsea Clinton • Hillary Clinton
Abstract
Pre-Scheme is a statically typed dialect of Scheme that gives the programmer the efficiency and lowlevel machine access of C while retaining many of the desirable features of Scheme .
The PreScheme compiler makes use of type inference , partial evaluation and Scheme and Lisp compiler technology to compile the problematic features of Scheme , such as closures , into C code without significant run-time overhead .
Use of such features in Pre-Scheme programs is restricted to those cases that can be compiled into efficient code .
Type reconstruction is done using a modified Hindley / Milner algorithm that allows overloaded user - defined functions .
All top - level forms in Pre-Scheme programs are evaluated at compile time , which gives the user additional control over the compiler 's partial evaluation of a program .
Pre -Scheme has been implemented and used to write a byte - code interpeter and associated support code for a complete Scheme implementation .
1 Introduction High - level programming languages , su ...
Outer Banks , NC Maps Outer Banks
Real Estate
Rentals
Fishing
Shopping
OBX Maps
Attractions
OBX Pictures
Vacation Plan
Site Map Geography and Maps of the Outer Banks of North Carolina Outer Banks of North Carolina , abbreviated as the OBX , is located in the East Coast of the USA , which mainly consists of island 's and beaches and approximately hundred miles in length .
This is what makes the Outer Banks of North Carolina a great place to spend a peaceful and relaxing vacation !
About fifty percent of of North Carolina 's Atlantic Coast belongs to the Outer Banks Map .
It is composed of several cities , towns and communities .
Each region possesses distinct beauty because of their own beaches , lighthouses , fishing piers and other unique attractions .
In the Northern part of the Outer banks , you will find Bodie Island .
This area consists of Corolla , Duck , Southern Shores , Kitty Hawk , Kill Devil Hills and Nags Head .
Lighthouses and beaches are great attractions in this area .
Additionally , you can visit the Wright Brothers National Memorial in Kill Devil Hills and learn about the first manned flight ..
Located in the Dare County is the Hatteras Island that is composed of several communities such as Avon , Buxton , Frisco , Hatteras , Rodanthe , Salvo and Waves .
But because of Hurricane Isabel , this island was separated into two on the 18th of September 2003 .
However , the Army Corps of Engineers has re-established its original formation .
This Outer Banks area offers a wide selection of vacation homes that you can rent , purchase , or lease ..
Manteo and Wanchese , which are both located in Dare County , make up the Roanoke Island .
The beautiful Elizabethan Garden attracts many visitors to visit this island .
While visiting you can also partake in Roanoke 's Cultural Events like the Festival Park and The Lost Colony .
The Outer Banks also has the Ocracoke Island and Crystal Coast .
Most part's of Ocracoke Island are inhabited while Crystal Coast is composed mainly of beaches .
Because of this , the ferry is the only means of transportation to the Oracoke Island .
Moreover , during the early times of the Outer Bank's , the famous pirate called Blackbeard lived in this specific region .
So whether you are up for an adventurous trip , educational tour , or romantic getaway , you will surely find a majical and favorite spot in the Outer Banks of North Carolina .
Contact Exchange Links Advertise on The OBX.com Other OBX Websites Google Msn Yahoo
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Tags : asteroid , compounds , dirt , elements , energy , god , protein
John Carmack said he 's a reason id Software did n't become more like Epic .
He does n't regret his company 's graphics tech no longer being a go - to system for the industry .
Advertisement
" There is a lot of good to be said about Epic and Valve and the tacks that they 've taken , " Carmack told me during an interview in Dallas last week during QuakeCon .
" They 've both grown to be much bigger companies than id Software was .
" And , you know , somebody could look at this and say I held id back , because I did not want to grow the company into a really big company at those times .
And maybe we would have been better off to do that , but we came off pretty good , so I 'm not going to kick myself over any of that . "
Advertisement
Today , id largely makes its graphics tech for its own games .
It 's previous graphics engine , id Tech 4 , powered few of the industry 's games .
The next one , id Tech 5 , is first and foremost being developed for id's own next big game , Rage .
It 's companies such as Epic that make the graphics engines that power so many games on the market .
Earlier this decade , id Tech 3 , the graphics technology used in Quake III Arena , was widely licensed in the industry , used in games like EA 's James Bond Everything or Nothing and the first Call of Duty .
At the time , Carmack told me , id did n't have the support team to handle a wide number of licensees .
" Our technology license stuff was , ' Ok you pay this and you can have eight hours of technical support , " Carmack recalled .
" You can come down and talk to me for eight hours .
Mostly it 's , you 're on your own , because we did n't have support staff . "
To do that better and for more game companies , id would have to grow .
Carmack did n't want that .
" We knew that we did n't want to have the big support staff like they have for things .
And I did n't want to give away the kind of freedom .
When you have 50 licensees on stuff like that , you are handcuffed . "
Carmack could n't tolerate having to accommodate the need to minimize his own programming efforts in order to not shift code too much and unsettle the other companies relying on the same tech .
" The work I 'm doing now on id Tech 5 is changing some fundamental class hierarchy stuff across all of our resources , and it's the right thing to do .
It 's better , because of that .
It 's incredibly painful just doing it in our codebase .
There 's no way I would contemplate doing that if I had 50 other development teams that would have to go through and make similar changes on there . "
Advertisement
Money left on the table ?
Perhaps , Carmack said .
" It 's a good business on there .
We did great on the Quake III generation , tons and tons of licenses on that .
But it does tie up your arms a little bit technically and it does mean you 're out of the game business and you 're in the technology supplier business .
There are aspects to that that are admirable .
There 's definitely a part of me that , as an engineer , says it would be great to try and document this really well , try and clean it up and make it as good as you possibly can , because there 's always this balance between making something really good code and rapidly exploring as many things as you can on there . "
Let the Epics and Valves sweat that stuff , he is happy to conclude .
Let them worry about making sure Unreal Engine 3 , Source or whatever else works for all the companies that pay to use it .
Advertisement
" I do n't gainsay anybody their success , " he said .
" I 'm happy to see everybody doing good work on there .
I think it 's great to see Epic and Valve doing their thing .
I like the industry .
I like seeing the industry being vibrant and competitive . "
I gave my two boys an old puzzle to solve yesterday .
I told them that I ’d give them each $ 10 if they could solve it for me .
It ’s one of the ...
Apple 's App Store is quickly getting a reputation for bizarre rejections : famous examples include the Nine Inch Nails application and an eBook reader that allowed users to search for the Kama Sutra .
( Both situations were later resolved . )
Today comes news of what might be the strangest App Store rejection yet : a dictionary was rejected twice because it contained swear words .
The iPhone App for online dictionary Ninjawords was rejected , claims DaringFireball , for containing the words " sh*t " and " f ** k " - you could only find those entries by searching for the exact words though , meaning it 's no more likely to cause offence than the dictionaries available in bookstores .
The app 's developer explains :
We were rejected for objectionable content .
They provided screenshots of the words ‘ sh*t ’ and ‘ f * * k ’ showing up in our dictionary ’s search results .
What ’s interesting is that we spent a good deal of time making it so that you must type vulgar words in their entirety , and only then will we show you suggestions in the search results .
For instance , if you type ‘ fuc ’ , you will not see ‘ f ** k ’ as a suggestion .
This is in contrast to all other dictionaries we ’re aware of on the App Store ( including Dictionary.com ’s application ) , which will show you ‘ f ** k ’ in the search results for ‘ fuc ’ , ‘ motherf * * ker ’ for ‘ mother ’ , etc .
After app developer Matchstick Software added filters to remove these words , Apple rejected it a second time for containing the word " c*nt " .
Ninjawords is now in the App Store [ iTunes link ] , but carries a 17 + rating despite the fact that its swear words have been removed .
Other dictionaries in the App Store do allow you to search for and find swear words , the developers point out .
The incident will further incense those who question the consistency of Apple 's App Store rejection policies .
Even the FCC is weighing into the controversy , with letters sent last week to Apple , AT&T and Google over the rejection of the Google Voice app .
You know , pets certainly live the high life with their owners running around after them making sure they have enough food and a comfortable place to sleep .
They even have us trailing in their wake , scooping up their mess .
If you dread having to scoop their poop , help may be at hand in the form of a pooper scooper robot that automatically detects and cleans up an animal 's mess .
Ethel Khurshid
Gil gingerly held out the charred Bible she pulled from the rubble of her home , using a swatch of cellophane to keep the scorched pages from scattering in the hot wind .
“ Look how they ’ve destroyed our Bibles ! ” the 47 - year - old Christian Pakistani cried out .
Not far away , charred wood and broken dishes crunched underfoot as Umair Akhlas stepped through his house to point out the blackened bedroom where he and his relatives hid from the mob that firebombed the building , shouting “ Burn them alive ! ”
Akhlas and several relatives escaped .
But six , including two children , could n’t breach the flames and died in that room .
“ They were screaming Christians are dogs , that we ’re American agents , ” Akhlas said .
“ They look for any reason to do something against Christians . ”
Advertisement
Pakistan has had its hands full waging war against a Taliban insurgency .
Now another troubling crisis simmers .
Last week , riots broke out in Gojra , a city of 150,000 in the eastern province of Punjab , after accusations surfaced that Christians at a wedding ceremony had desecrated a copy of the holy Koran .
Police say the accusations were unfounded .
Nevertheless , Muslims attacked Christian enclaves in Gojra on July 30 and again Saturday .
The second outbreak turned out to be far worse : A mob of more than 1,000 people set fire to more than 40 Christian homes in a warren called Christian Town .
All six who died in the flames belonged to Akhlas ’ family .
A seventh family member , Akhlas ’ grandfather , was killed by gunmen in the mob .
Investigators say several factors stoked the violence .
Members of a militant group seized on the accusations to incite Muslims to attack Christian neighborhoods , government officials say .
After attackers set fire to Christian homes in the initial violence last week , police had ample time to assert control , but instead allowed street rallies to mushroom into riots .
And there are differing accounts of who initiated gunfire that fueled the violence Saturday .
Christians say Muslims fired first ; Muslims blame the Christians .
Advertisement
Perhaps the bigger problem for Pakistan is the harsh light the riots have shone on the country ’s dismal record for protecting the rights of ethnic and religious minorities .
Minority Rights Group International , a London - based watchdog organization , ranks Pakistan as the world ’s sixth - most dangerous country for minorities .
Along with Christians , groups under threat include a variety of ethnicities , such as Pashtun in the northwest and Balochis and Sindhis in the south , the group says .
Minority Shiite Muslims have also been victimized by Sunni Muslim radical groups .
Recognizing that violence could escalate , government officials denounced the attacks .
Punjab province ’s chief minister , Shahbaz Sharif , told a gathering of Christians in Gojra on Tuesday that Pakistani leaders “ do not have the right to rule if we cannot protect and provide justice to minorities . ”
On the same day , Punjab Gov. Salman Taseer met with victimized families and said later of them and the violence that “ this will not happen again .
These people are as much Pakistanis as we are . ”
Advertisement
The Human Rights Commission of Pakistan called the riots “ a comprehensive failure by the government to protect minorities . ”
Pope Benedict XVI said he was “ deeply grieved ” by the “ senseless attack . ”
However , Christians do not hold out much hope that attitudes will change any time soon .
Representing less than 2 % of the nation ’s 175 million people , Christians historically have occupied the lower rungs of society , largely relegated to menial jobs .
A law against making derogatory remarks about Islam or desecrating the Koran is often used to settle scores against Christians .
“ We are marginalized , that ’s a fact , ” said Cecil Chaudhry , a Christian human rights activist .
“ And a big cause for this marginalization is the use of discriminatory laws like the blasphemy law . ”
In Gojra , the atmosphere between Muslims and Christians remains tense .
Additional police have been posted throughout the city .
Many Christians say they would leave , if they could .
Advertisement
“ We have to live here , ” said a pastor of a small church in Christian Town who identified himself only as Sarfraz .
“ We have no money to go anywhere else . ”
Shahbaz Bhatti , Pakistan ’s minister for minority affairs , said trouble in Gojra began July 26 , when allegations surfaced that Christians at a marriage ceremony had put henna on pages of the Koran .
Henna dye is often used to decorate a woman ’s palms for weddings .
In reality , the henna was put on newspaper pages , not on the Koran , Bhatti said .
Four days later , announcements rang out on mosque loudspeakers that Christians had desecrated the Koran .
A throng marched to a Christian enclave in Gojra and burned several houses there .
More calls to attack Christians came from mosques Friday .
On Saturday , more than a thousand Muslims , some masking their faces and wielding Kalashnikov assault rifles , converged on Christian Town .
Young Christian men armed themselves , took to rooftops and fended off the rioters for several hours .
But by midafternoon , Christians had run out of ammunition .
Outnumbered police also ran out of ammunition and tear gas canisters .
Advertisement
At Akhlas ’ home , the family locked themselves in a bedroom .
When assailants failed to break down the bedroom door , one of them shouted to the family , “ If you stay , you ’ll burn alive .
If you leave , we ’ll shoot you . ”
Akhlas , 18 , and several relatives escaped up to the rooftop .
The men put cooking pots on the heads of two children to shield them from stones thrown by the mob below .
Akhlas and the others got away , but three women , one of Akhlas ’ brothers and two girls , ages 2 and 9 , died in the burning bedroom .
“ I ’m not sure why we continue living in this country , ” Akhlas said .
“ We do n’t get a proper education , we do n’t get any opportunities , we only get jobs cleaning and sweeping streets .
“ Here , we are second - class citizens . ”
Advertisement
--
alex.rodriguez@latimes.com
Just before midnight , a " note " was posted on Sarah Palin 's Facebook page titled , " Concerning the ' Death Panels . ' "
Predictably , the media latched onto it and reported her thoughts .
However , there 's a problem : there 's no way in hell Sarah Palin wrote it .
How do I know this , you ask ?
Well , the answer to that question is perhaps best explained by a comment someone named Marvin Settle posted under Palin 's note .
He wrote :
Wow , and the public thought she was n't educated enough to be President ?
That is some of the most well researched and thought out material I have ever read .
Thanks Sarah .
Exactly !
Thank you Marvin Settle .
Thank you very much .
The note in question is supposed to be Palin 's response to Obama 's response to Palin 's infamous " death panel " Facebook note .
Here 's a sampling of it :
Yesterday President Obama responded to my statement that Democratic health care proposals would lead to rationed care ; that the sick , the elderly , and the disabled would suffer the most under such rationing ; and that under such a system these " unproductive " members of society could face the prospect of government bureaucrats determining whether they deserve health care .
The President made light of these concerns .
He said : " Let me just be specific about some things that I 've been hearing lately that we just need to dispose of here .
The rumor that 's been circulating a lot lately is this idea that somehow the House of Representatives voted for death panels that will basically pull the plug on grandma because we 've decided that we do n't , it 's too expensive to let her live anymore ....
It turns out that I guess this arose out of a provision in one of the House bills that allowed Medicare to reimburse people for consultations about end - of - life care , setting up living wills , the availability of hospice , etc .
So the intention of the members of Congress was to give people more information so that they could handle issues of end - of - life care when they 're ready on their own terms .
It was n't forcing anybody to do anything . " [ 1 ]
The provision that President Obama refers to is Section 1233 of HR 3200 , entitled " Advance Care Planning Consultation . " [ 2 ]
With all due respect , it 's misleading for the President to describe this section as an entirely voluntary provision that simply increases the information offered to Medicare recipients .
The issue is the context in which that information is provided and the coercive effect these consultations will have in that context .
Section 1233 authorizes advanced care planning consultations for senior citizens on Medicare every five years , and more often " if there is a significant change in the health condition of the individual ... or upon admission to a skilled nursing facility , a long - term care facility ... or a hospice program . " [ 3 ]
During those consultations , practitioners must explain " the continuum of end - of - life services and supports available , including palliative care and hospice , " and the government benefits available to pay for such services . [ 4 ]
Now , let 's just stop there because it does n't even really take a careful examination of the entire note to deduce that it simply could not have been written by Sarah Palin , which leads one to pretty much dismiss all of the points it attempts to make .
In fact , a cursory glance is more than sufficient to come to that realization as the note is obviously meticulously researched and footnoted , appears to be entirely grammatically correct ( It even contains semicolons ! ) , presents rather cogent arguments in a reasoned attempt to persuade , and on the whole is written articulately .
In short , whoever composed this particular note is everything that Sarah Palin is not : thoughtful , patient , dedicated , thorough , and rational , traits that any casual , non-delusional observer of Sarah Palin would never , ever associate with her .
Another key indicator in determining that Sarah Palin did not write this particular note are the host of Palin rhetorical hallmarks missing from it .
Just ask yourself this question :
Is it possible for Sarah Palin to compose anything clocking in at just under 1000 words that 's completely devoid of references to God , the troops , the liberal media , Alaska , Ronald Reagan , her baby with Down Syndrome , or a hilariously painful attempt to channel her inner Jack London with some great poetic flourish ?
No !
There is absolutely no consistency between this Facebook note and anything we 've ever seen written or spoken by Sarah Palin .
Interestingly , there are a couple of other coherent notes on Palin 's Facebook page posted after the " death panel " note that refer to her in the third person , as if they were written by an aide or a staffer .
Here is one such note .
Perhaps someone was enlisted to speak for her after the " death panel " debacle ?
So who 's writing Sarah 's Facebook notes ?
Hell , your guess is as good as mine .
Meg Stapleton perhaps ?
Bill Kristol ?
An intern ?
The person ghostwriting her forthcoming book ?
Who knows !
But whoever it is , their being enlisted to perform these services is obviously part of a diabolical plan to rehabilitate Palin 's image as a staggering dipshit .
However , they really should have eased into it , because it 's just way too obvious that Sarah Palin did not write the note that was posted to her Facebook page tonight .
Period .
You are lucky there is a comic here considering Tony and Wes spent all week tearing each other ’s eyes out in a bathroom fight to the death .
Pit stop on the way to the moon ( Image : NASA )
FORGET huge , expensive rockets .
A plan being examined by a US government panel would allow smaller , cheaper rockets to fly to the moon and beyond by stopping off at an “ orbiting gas station ” .
With conventional rockets , many tonnes of fuel are needed on such missions for each tonne of payload .
Sending astronauts or the heftiest robotic probes to these distant destinations therefore requires huge launchers .
That may be about to change .
The panel convened by order of the White House to assess NASA ’s plans for the future of human …
Panel of citizens and professional judges sentences killer to 15 years in first trial under new justice system
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Japan 's first jury trial since the second world war concluded today with a mixed group of citizens and professional judges convicting a man of murder and sentencing him to 15 years in prison .
The ruling was the first under a new Japanese jury system , a major overhaul of the country 's legal framework , that is expected to speed up trials and offer greater transparency .
The jurors expressed a sense of achievement and relief , while welcoming the trial as a positive step towards giving citizens a greater role in society .
The system pairs six citizens with three professional judges , and the nine together decide both guilt and sentencing .
All nine are considered judges .
Until now , all trials were heard only by professional judges .
The trial in Tokyo district court found 72 - year - old Katsuyoshi Fujii guilty of murder .
Fuji , who stabbed his 66 - year - old neighbour after a quarrel in May , pleaded guilty but his lawyers sought leniency in the sentencing .
Murder carries a maximum penalty of death in Japan , although that is rare in cases involving a single victim .
The presiding judge , Yasuhiro Akiba , said the jury sentenced the defendant to 15 years in prison – one year short of what the prosecution had sought – because the stabbing was not premeditated .
The citizen jurors said it was difficult to decide the sentence but praised the judges , prosecutors and defence for making their arguments easy to follow and avoiding the use of legal jargon .
The sentencing came just four days after the trial opened on Monday , with the new process streamlined to allow the citizen judges to quickly return to their lives .
Traditional Japanese trials can take years to reach a conclusion and rely heavily on documents instead of trial testimony .
Japanese juries are expected to hear about 2,000 to 3,000 cases per year , all involving serious crimes such as murder and kidnapping .
About 300,000 candidates are being selected randomly from eligible voters nationwide to serve jury duty each year .
Some Japanese are reluctant to serve , in part because they may have to decide on capital punishment in a murder case .
Japan launched a jury trial system in 1928 , but dropped it in 1943 as the country plunged into chaos during the second world war .
The system was never popular because legal professionals opposed allowing ordinary citizens to decide guilt .
A team of archaeologists and paleobiologists has discovered flax fibers in these microscopic soil samples .
The flax , which would have been collected from the wild and not farmed , is believed to be more than 34,000 years old , making these fibers the oldest known to have been used by humans .
Image : Science / AAAS
( PhysOrg.com ) --
A team of archaeologists and paleobiologists has discovered flax fibers that are more than 34,000 years old , making them the oldest fibers known to have been used by humans .
The fibers , discovered during systematic excavations in a cave in the Republic of Georgia , are described in this week 's issue of Science .
The flax , which would have been collected from the wild and not farmed , could have been used to make linen and thread , the researchers say .
The cloth and thread would then have been used to fashion garments for warmth , sew leather pieces , make cloths , or tie together packs that might have aided the mobility of our ancient ancestors from one camp to another .
The excavation was jointly led by Ofer Bar - Yosef , George Grant MacCurdy and Janet G. B. MacCurdy Professor of Prehistoric Archaeology in the Faculty of Arts and Sciences at Harvard University , with Tengiz Meshveliani from the Georgian State Museum and Anna Belfer - Cohen from the Hebrew University .
The microscopic research of the soil samples in which numerous flax fibers were discovered was done by Eliso Kvavadze of the Institute of Paleobiology , part of the National Museum of Georgia .
" This was a critical invention for early humans .
They might have used this fiber to create parts of clothing , ropes , or baskets — for items that were mainly used for domestic activities , " says Bar - Yosef .
" We know that this is wild flax that grew in the vicinity of the cave and was exploited intensively or extensively by modern humans . "
The items created with these fibers increased early humans chances of survival and mobility in the harsh conditions of this hilly region .
The flax fibers could have been used to sew hides together for clothing and shoes , to create the warmth necessary to endure cold weather .
They might have also been used to make packs for carrying essentials , which would have increased and eased mobility , offering a great advantage to a hunter - gatherer society .
Some of the fibers were twisted , indicating they were used to make ropes or strings .
Others had been dyed .
Early humans used the plants in the area to color the fabric or threads made from the flax .
Today , these fibers are not visible to the eye , because the garments and items sewed together with the flax have long ago disintegrated .
Bar - Yosef , Kvavadze and colleagues discovered the fibers by examining samples of clay retrieved from different layers of the cave under a microscope .
The discovery of such ancient fibers was a surprise to the scientists .
Previously , the oldest known were imprints of fibers in small clay objects found in Dolni Vestonice , a famous site in the Czech Republic some 28,000 years old .
The scientists ' original goal was to analyze tree pollen samples found inside the cave , part of a study of environmental and temperature fluctuations over the course of thousands of years that would have affected the lives of these early humans .
However , while looking for this pollen , Kvavadze , who led the analysis of the pollen , also discovered non-pollen polymorphs - these flax fibers .
Bar - Yosef and his team used radiocarbon dating to date the layers of the cave as they dug the site , revealing the age of the clay samples in which the fibers were found .
Flax fibers were also found in the layers that dated to about 21,000 and 13,000 years ago .
Bar - Yosef 's team began the excavations of this cave in 1996 , and has returned to the site each year to complete this work .
" We were looking to find when the cave was occupied , what was the nature of the occupation by those early hunter - gatherers , where did they go hunting and gathering food , what kind of stone tools they used , what types of bone and antler tools they made and how they used them , whether they made beads and pendants for body decoration , and so on , " says Bar - Yosef .
" This was a wonderful surprise , to discover these ancient flax fibers at the end of this excavation project . "
Source : Harvard University ( news : web )
Explore further Earliest evidence of our cave - dwelling human ancestors
This story is dedicated to H.P. Lovecraft and Brian Lumley .
AUTHOR'S NOTE :
The reason this story is dedicated to Lovecraft and Lumley is that the reader may dial up its frightening nature at will -- perhaps to unbearable heights .
How so ?
By simply consulting the references following the story , and seeking to find anything -- anything at all -- which renders the central idea proposed as implausible or impossible .
So I suppose the real question is : just how scared do you wish to be for the next three years ?
END NOTE .
Clifford Dunburton : the greatest mind of his era
Clifford Dunburton was a genius .
He possessed one of the highest intelligence quotients ever measured , according to authorities .
Dunburton had easily obtained every academic degree and title he 'd tried for .
Trounced innumerable competitors in various contests of knowledge and cognition .
He 'd also enjoyed his choice of numerous and highly lucrative job offers along the way .
But it was there that he had stumbled , and badly .
For he'd found himself grossly overqualified for every job he accepted .
Overqualified -- and bored to tears .
This had led to a string of very brief stints at various prestigious institutions -- until word got around that he was virtually unemployable , so far as top posts were concerned .
Clifford Dunburton : failed genius and misfit
In the inglorious end , Dunburton had resigned himself to returning to academia , as a simple teacher of a few high end physics and mathematics courses .
This too was utterly beneath him .
But by then he'd burned too many bridges , and the market held few alternatives for him .
In his free time Dunburton perused the latest scientific journals .
Often Dunburton wished fervently that he could solve the dilemma of his own existence .
Answer the question of why he'd come to be trapped in such mediocre circumstances , equipped with a mind so out of place and alien to his environment and peers .
Dunburton felt like he did n't belong here .
That indeed , mankind entire did not belong here .
It just did n't make sense to him .
Although he could n't pin down the reason why ...
This notion eventually reached the top of his intellectual curiosity list .
To culminate one day in an epiphany .
When suddenly several scientific reports he'd read over a matter of weeks crystallized into a shocking new concept .
The topics of dark matter and dark energy , the Big Bang , and the Great Attractor class of objects which led to beyond the visible edge of the universe , all seemed to suddenly interconnect in his thoughts .
And Clifford Dunburton made the greatest realization of his life .
The sudden excitement was overwhelming .
Dunburton sought to calm himself -- for it could n't be as simple as he 'd envisioned -- could it ?
Cascading revelations
The long sought answer to what existed before the Big Bang ; why the universe had inflated so ; why there was more gravity in the universe than could be accounted for by detectable mass ; what the dark energy expanding the universe might be ; what the significance of the hidden intergalactic attractors just beyond human sight could be .
Even the origins of the most mysterious and anomalous gamma ray bursts of deep , deep intergalactic space -- immense outpourings of pure energy , which often rivaled the power of the Big Bang itself ; as well as a perfect solution to the Fermi Paradox : Clifford Dunburton now seemed to know all these things .
But as his hand holding his drink trembled with excitement , he contemplated how to fill in the details of his idea .
How to confirm its accuracy , without simultaneously giving it away to his colleagues .
Within a matter of hours Dunburton had emailed carefully scripted and circumspect questions to other pertinent scientific minds .
It was some days before all had replied .
The waiting had been terrible , as Dunburton fussed over his personal calculations regarding the matter , seeking out some great flaw that he'd somehow missed .
Not a single reply offered anything refuting his piece meal notions , however .
After so many days of manic enthusiasm , Dunburton finally lapsed into a much calmer state .
Now that he knew everything he thought was utterly plausible , he was free to flesh out the details , and ponder implications .
Being equipped with arguably the best mind on Earth , it did n't take him long : just a single weekend .
And with that , Clifford Dunburton came to know what some referred to as the mind of God : the secret of all creation .
How all that is came to be
Before the Big Bang -- in another universe entire -- a rich star - making region was in overdrive .
A vast region of gas and dust was collapsing into itself , to form a single ultra-galaxy ; a body so immense it could never exist under the physical laws of our own universe .
But in that other reality , it did .
At least until things reached a tipping point -- and near the center , several relatively small black holes suddenly merged to make a critical mass monster .
From the moment the monster took shape , the great proto hyper galaxy was doomed .
For much of its bulk 's spin and angular momentum was such that the newly formed monster hole was perfectly situated to swallow it whole , in an extremely rare and rapid cosmic orgy of destruction .
The monster black hole simply became still larger and more beastly as it gorged itself on star stuff ; and the vortex of matter pouring into its maw turned into a raging torrent , flooding the vicinity with byproducts of killer gamma rays and deadly antimatter streams .
In far less time than it would have taken under physical laws familiar to humanity , practically nothing was left of the vast original body .
And the great monster hole , now free of its surrounding matter mantle , floated utterly isolated in the void , invisible to all but for the enormous tug of its gravity , waiting to devour anything else which might enter its territory ...
Inside the monstrous hole , the rush of entering matter had been pulverized to the quantum level and beyond , effectively resetting it to become something entirely different and new .
A different flavor of spacetime filled the interior of the hole , compared to that outside .
A special , highly distorted form of reality .
In this unique spacetime trapped within the hole , all the matter contained therein underwent vastly accelerated processes in terms of development .
Literally becoming a pocket universe in its own right , with its own physical laws -- even as it spiraled downwards from the black hole 's event horizon , towards the sizzling naked singularity at its heart .
An entire universe came into being within the maelstrom of matter swallowed by the monster hole .
And evolution burst forth upon a trillion of its newly formed worlds .
Soon after , various entities in the pocket universe attained sentience , and puzzled over this strange Big Bang out of nowhere which had begat their reality .
The unseen monster which awaits us
They also struggled to understand what the mind - numbingly massive mystery object at the far end of a line of gigantic clumped together galaxies could be .
At first they'd thought the nearest clump to be the puzzlingly powerful gravity source , and named it the Great Attractor .
But then that clump had turned out to be only a quarter the size of the one behind it ( the Shapley supercluster ) .
Then the Shapley itself was judged not to be the ultimate source either -- but instead something still unseen behind it .
Some as yet inexplicable object of more mass than any other collection of items in the entire visible universe , seemed to exist at the far end of all those flying clusters of trillions of stars and quadrillions of planets .
Something which was inexorably pulling the very fabric of the entire rest of the universe towards it .
The mystery object was , of course , the naked singularity at the bottom of the well .
Where the pocket universe would soon meet its end .
The furthest advanced of these pocket universe beings eventually realized their predicament , and either resigned themselves to their fates , or else tried moving their own versions of heaven and earth to escape -- or at least buy themselves more time .
The prodigious bursts of power necessary to attempt these things much resembled immense natural gamma ray bursts from afar -- and truth be told , spacetime fluctuations along the outer fringes of the pocket universe were making for plenty of bursts of their own .
For the unschooled in such matters , it could be tough to discern artificially triggered gamma bursts from natural occurrences .
Since they could also be caused by colliding neutron stars and similar magnitude events .
The Fermi Paradox resolved
It could be that some of those civilizations responsible for the unnatural gamma bursts actually harbored hopes of regaining the event horizon threshold , and escaping the hole altogether .
But in any case , this firmly resolved the Fermi Paradox , as to why no alien civilization had bothered to contact humanity -- they were busy with far more important matters .
The beings on a small backward planet they called Earth furrowed their brows over the reason for all the extra gravity they detected in their pocket universe ; more gravity than could be accounted for in detectable mass .
They called this conundrum ' dark matter ' .
This extra gravity of course was the immense pull from all the other matter beyond their visibility in the well -- and the ravenous singularity itself .
But what of the contrasting effect they called dark energy ?
That was merely the perception of the across - the - board stretching or distortion of the entire pocket universe , occurring as it fell ever nearer to its end .
The accelerated passage of time in the core of the pocket universe also helped thwart many of its inhabitants ' efforts to explain the true nature of their environment .
New clues to all this had only recently come from humanity 's own local region of space -- in cases such as the Pioneer anomaly .
But it seemed no one but Dunburton had put together all the pieces as of yet .
Dunburton could n't be satisfied until he 'd calculated out every single major consequence of his new realization .
Doom draws near on cat feet
It was the final nugget which shocked him most .
He redid his calculations a second time .
Then a third .
Then went over them for a fourth time .
There seemed to be no mistake .
And at last , Dunburton knew the why behind his own existence .
He'd be born for exactly this : to be all humanity 's understanding of the what and why and when of their end .
To be the brightest flame of consciousness in this region of the universe , before all were snuffed out .
The physics could not be denied : this universe would enter its last leg of existence only two years , eight months , and four days from now .
Beyond that point , it would rapidly become obvious to everyone that something major was amiss : multiple and overlapping clues of the living nightmare to come would fill the nightly newscasts .
Dunburton did not envy the living of those days ahead .
There was absolutely nothing humanity could do to save themselves , he knew .
They 'd wasted far too much time and money on weapons of war and other instruments of retardation of progress , such as religion .
They 'd also handed over too much control to corporations in general , and oligarchic structures in particular , and stifled innovation in that manner .
Dunburton thought wistfully of the signs of alien escape or postponement efforts which lit up humanity 's gamma ray burst detectors .
Maybe some of them would make it out .
Others would definitely lengthen their lifespans therewith .
But not humanity .
Not ignorant , squabbling , warring , God-fearing -- insane -- humanity .
Carpe diem
Dunburton sat back in his chair , and lit a cigar .
No need to worry about cancer anymore .
Or much of anything , really .
From this point on , Dunburton mused , he 'd set about pursuing many of the pleasures he'd never had time for before .
Including those for which dire consequences might accrue , a few years down the road .
Dunburton chuckled to himself .
His private knowledge now bequeathed to him certain freedoms even the wealthiest on Earth did not possess .
The cigar gave him another idea : how he'd end his own life , before the last day of this so - called ' normal ' existence dawned .
He 'd peacefully go to sleep in his car , with the motor running , in a tightly sealed garage .
In that way he'd escape humanity 's apt punishment for their boorish ways .
But what about his epiphany ?
Should he alert his fellow human beings as to what was going to kill them all in such a horrific manner only a few dozen months from now ?
No , he decided .
There would be no accolades for the man who saw the face of doom and described it .
Better to simply let them meet it unawares .
Plus , enlightening others would only make it more difficult for him personally to enjoy humanity 's final days .
For civilization would surely soon be in shambles , and daily life much more harsh , as a result .
Besides , it did n't matter anyway .
It could n't be stopped .
Or avoided either , in any way other than a hastened death .
The only real shame of it all was that he , Clifford Dunburton , had unraveled the greatest mystery in human history -- and no one but himself would ever know , or care .
Being the smartest man on Earth was n't as much fun as you 'd expect .
But he had two years , eight months , and four days in which to change that .
a - j m o o n e y h a m .
c o m - o r i g i n a l
Related readings :
Do Black Holes Create New Universes ?
One of World 's Leading Physicists Says " Yes " December 28 , 2009
" From that it follows that our universe could have itself formed from inside a black hole existing inside another universe , "
" This model in isotropic coordinates of the universe as a black hole could explain the origin of cosmic inflation , Poplawski theorizes . "
-- Our universe at home within a larger universe ?
So suggests IU theoretical physicist 's wormhole research April 6 , 2010 contact Steve Chaplin , University Communications , at 812-856-1896 or stjchap@indiana.edu
Our Universe Was Born in a Black Hole , Theory Says By Charles Q. Choi SPACE.com Contributor posted : 27 April 2010
Does Our Universe Live Inside a Wormhole ? by Phil Berardelli on April 9 , 2010
Every Black Hole Contains Another Universe ?
And our universe may sit in another universe 's black hole , equations predict .
Ker Than for National Geographic News April 9 , 2010
Are We Living Inside a Black Hole ?
By Rebecca Boyle Posted 07.23.2010
Why Our Universe Must Have Been Born Inside a Black Hole
A small change to the theory of gravity implies that our universe inherited its arrow of time from the black hole in which it was born .
July 13 , 2010
Are Massive Arcs of High - Energy Photons That Sweep the Milky Way From Another Universe ? by Casey Kazan ; June 30 , 2010
The Black Hole Universe
Is our universe housed in a black hole ?
Or did it exist before the Big Bang ?
If so , we could solve the mystery of dark energy — surprisingly , it ’s all down to the humble neutrino .
by Kate Becker May 28 , 2010
A measure for the multiverse 03 March 2010 by Amanda Gefter Magazine issue 2750
" And if that 's true , the end could be much nearer than we think . "
-- Dark Matter May Explain the Puzzling Change in Earth - Sun Distance January 14 , 2010
Big Bang
Dark matter
Dark energy
Great Attractor
Milky
Way feels tug of largest mass in the universe 15 December 2005 by Maggie McKee
Science : Mapping the extent of the Great Attractor 03 February 1990 by MARCUS CHOWN ; Magazine issue 1702
Gamma -ray burst
Gamma Ray Astronomy : The Good , The Bad And The Ugly The current golden age for gamma ray astronomy is creating more questions than answers .
November 04 , 2009
Fermi paradox
Pioneer anomaly
The Puzzle of Astronomy 's Unexplained Anomalies A series of mysterious observations of objects within the solar system could indicate the existence of exotic new physics .
July 29 , 2009
Black hole
Bizarre theory suggests time may be running out 18/12/2007
Kardashev scale
Speeding Stars Confirm Bizarre Nature of Faraway Galaxies by Clara Moskowitz ; space.com – Aug 5 2009
Astronomers discover stars in early galaxies had a need for speed ; 6 - Aug- 2009 ; Contact : Suzanne Taylor Muzzin suzanne.taylormuzzin@yale.edu 203-691-9181 Yale University
13 more things :
Fly - by anomalies ; 02 September 2009 ; Magazine issue 2724
13 more things :
Axis of evil ; 02 September 2009 ; Magazine issue 2724
13 more things : Dark flow ; 02 September 2009 ; Magazine issue 2724
" Dark Flow " Discovered at Edge of the Universe : Hundreds of Millions of Stars Racing Towards a Cosmic Hotspot Posted by Luke McKinney August 26 , 2009
New Calculations Suggest Universe May be Closer to Heat Death By Ron Cowen , Science News ; October 5 , 2009
Galaxy study hints at cracks in dark matter theories ; 30 September 2009 by Stuart Clark
Invisible hand in invisible matter October 6 , 2009
Black holes are the ultimate particle smashers ; 09 September 2009 by Jessica Griggs ; Magazine issue 2725
Time Likely To End Within Earth 's Lifespan , Say Physicists kfc
09/28/2010
Knot in the ribbon at the edge of the solar system ' unties ' 30 - Sep-2010 Contact : Maria Martinez maria.martinez@swri.org 210-522-3305 Southwest Research Institute
A Black Hole With the Mass of a Galaxy Posted by Rebecca Sato with Casey Kazan September 08 , 2010
Fine Structure Constant Varies With Direction in Space , Says New Data
A spatial variation in the fine structure constant has profound implications for cosmology August 26 , 2010
Galaxies exiting universe in the fast lane By Dan Vergano Mar 11 , 2010
Trans -cosmic flow broadens our horizon September 25th , 2008 11:08 AM by Phil Plait
Discovery that quasars do n't show time dilation mystifies astronomers April 9 , 2010 by Lisa Zyga
New Proof Unknown " Structures " Tug at Our Universe Mysterious " dark flow " extends deeper than previously seen .
John Roach for National Geographic News March 22 , 2010
Mysterious cosmic ' dark flow ' tracked deeper into universe 10 - Mar- 2010 Contact : Francis Reddy francis.j.reddy@nasa.gov 301-286-4453 NASA / Goddard Space Flight Center
Mystery ' dark flow ' extends towards edge of universe 16 November 2009 by Marcus Chown Magazine issue 2734
a - j m o o n e y h a m .
c o m - o r i g i n a l
May 2015
We 've updated our Fantasy Subgenre Guide with more than 30 new subgenres .
This section was incomplete for several years ... but not anymore .
So make sure you take a look and give it a read to find out all you want to know about the different fantasy subgenres .
If you think we 're missing some subgenres , let us know in the comments !
We are trying to finish the NEW BLOG wordpress theme ( the current one is just temporary ) and we are working on overhauling the listiverse .
And stay tuned -- we are almost finished updating our sister website BestScienceFictionBooks.com .
Expect a completely redesigned look ( similar to this site ) with new social features , now book recommendation features , new lists , updated lists ( we 've updated the Top 25 Best Science Fiction Books for example ) , a NEW active blog , science fiction forums , twitter page , and facebook page .
Pay attention to this site and you might just find out about some upcoming cool giveaways !
New BestFantasyBooks.com Features Coming Up ...
* Brand new blog design that 's modern and fits on your phones ( current one is just a temporary one )
* Listiverse Redesign ( finally creating the real listiverse design -- the current design has just been the filler stuff )
* New Listiverse Features coming ( your custom bookshelves , email notifications when books you follow are published , book section to navigate through the books on the database , and more )
Network television seems to be allergic to high quality series .
Every time something great comes along , they seem to let is slip away in favor of the latest reality trend .
The latest victim is Kings , which failed to capture the attention of a mostly brain dead audience .
It only lasted 12 episodes , including a two - hour pilot .
Kings was created by Michael Green , whose most notable credit is being a writer / producer of the first season of Heroes .
He also worked on Everwood and Smallville , which makes the quality of Kings even more surprising .
Those shows do n’t exactly scream high caliber television .
In fact , I would have expected Mr. Green ’s first venture as Executive Producer , and thus creative director , to be more down the lines of a teen drama which captures the pains of adolescence accompanied with music from the Fray .
Instead , what was presented to the public was an amazing character drama of the likes television has n’t seen before .
Kings was the next step in the natural evolution of television .
Something channels like HBO and Showtime embraced a long time ago , but it seems to always allude the “ Big Four ” networks .
It ’s a show that could n’t have existed twenty years ago .
Though perhaps a decade ago it would have done better .
This is when the reality genre was only just beginning its verging decent [ sic ] in to popularity , and shows like ‘ The West Wing ’ were paving the way for a surge in high concept serials .
But still , I feel like Kings would have suffered from immaturity .
Here , with history as a showcase , Kings would have been able to stretch its wings .
Many causes can be attributed to it ’s demise .
The public consensus is certainly not in favor of anything that requires thought .
Even shows like ‘ Lost ’ require more gossip and speculation than actual reflective meditation .
Kings provided a sense of purpose .
It was hard to finish an episode without feeling that you were better for it .
There was less talk of speculation and more discussion of deciphering motifs and the true intentions of not the characters , but the writers .
However , when a show is received well by critics and still fails to find an audience there is rarely more than a single entity at fault : advertising .
It is the network ’s job to make sure the show is appealing to its target audience .
NBC failed miserably at this task .
Many thought the show would be about rich people flaunting money like so many other soap operas .
Even I would have passed on the show had it not been for an extend trailer I saw at a movie theater .
Kings ’ failure can be attributed to the unwillingness by NBC to let the show be itself over making it appear to be something for a mass audience .
‘ Arrested Development ’ and ‘ Veronica Mars ’ suffered similar fates under the same circumstances .
Both of these shows got three , albeit short , seasons to attempt to gain a fan base .
Kings only got twelve episodes after premiering with the fourth lowest rated pilots of all time .
A predictable fall , but hardly the fault of the series .
Perhaps a large portion of the blame can be attributed to the nature of American television .
A show is considered a failure if it does n’t become an overnight sensation .
And shows are expected to produce twenty - two episodes a season with only limited exceptions .
Note that that does n’t mean twenty - two good episodes , just twenty - two episodes to appease advertisers .
An order of less almost always means a show is on the verge of cancelation .
Had Kings been a mini-series event from the start , it would have perhaps had better luck .
The story would have fit within the short episode order , and there ’s always the possibility of promoting it to a full series as was seen with the ‘ 4400 ’ which ironically went on for far too long .
The finale of Kings tied up the first season nicely , but it did not completely tie - off the overall story of the series .
It takes little imagination to predict what would come next — particularly since the series is based on one of the more popular stories in the Bible — but I ca n’t help but want to see where the writers would take the series .
Deceit and flaws were thick in this season .
We started with the same innocence of the main character , David .
The true colors of the supporting cast would occasionally flash , but it was n’t until the two part finale when we would see the characters for what they are .
The casting , the art direction , the cinematography ; everything about the show was done to the highest standards .
It was hard to watch the final seven episodes with no hope that it would return .
Had the show been aired exactly as is on HBO , it would be celebrating a victory right now .
With the help of some well placed profanity on the part of Ian McShane the show would be preparing to shoot a second season after receiving several Emmy nominations .
Instead , NBC is packing up the set to make room for ‘ So You Think You Can Eat Road Kill ’ and there were no award nominations .
Thus the divide between network television and premium television channels becomes harder to ignore .
I am increasingly more hesitant to commit to shows that I know will be inevitably axed .
Kings predicted it from the start .
Money will always rule ove kings and queens .
Network television is allergic to high quality series .
Every time something great comes along , they seem to let it slip away in favor of the latest reality trend .
The latest victim is Kings , which failed to capture the attention of a mostly brain dead audience .
It only lasted twelve episodes , including a two - hour pilot .
Kings was created by Michael Green , whose most notable credit is being a writer / producer of the first season of Heroes .
He also worked on shows such as Everwood and Smallville , which makes the quality of Kings even more surprising .
Those shows do n’t exactly scream high caliber television .
In fact , I would have expected Mr. Green ’s first venture as Executive Producer , and thus creative director , to be more down the lines of a teen drama which captures the pains of adolescence accompanied with music from The Fray .
Instead , what was presented to the public was an amazing character drama of the likes television has n’t seen before .
Kings was the next step in the natural evolution of television .
Something channels like HBO and Showtime embraced a long time ago , but it seems to always allude the “ Big Four . ”
It ’s a show that could n’t have existed twenty years ago .
Though perhaps a decade ago it would have done better .
This is when the reality genre was only just beginning its verging decent [ sic ] in to popularity , and shows like ‘ The West Wing ’ were paving the way for a surge in high concept serials .
But still , I feel like Kings would have suffered from immaturity back then .
Here , with history as a showcase , Kings would have been able to stretch its wings .
Many causes can be attributed to its demise .
The public consensus is certainly not in favor of anything that requires thought .
Even shows like ‘ Lost ’ require more gossip and speculation than actual reflective meditation .
Kings provided a sense of purpose .
It was hard to finish an episode without feeling that you were better for having watched it .
There was less talk of speculation and more discussion of deciphering motifs and the true intentions of not the characters , but the writers .
However , when a show is received well by critics and still fails to find an audience there is rarely more than a single entity at fault : advertising .
It is the network ’s job to make sure the show is appealing to its target audience .
NBC failed miserably at this task .
Many thought the show would be about rich people flaunting money like so many other soap operas .
Even I would have passed on the show had it not been for an extend trailer I saw at a movie theater .
Kings ’ failure can be attributed to the unwillingness by NBC to let the show be itself over making it appear to be something for a mass audience .
‘ Arrested Development ’ and ‘ Veronica Mars ’ suffered similar fates under the same circumstances .
Both of these shows got three , albeit short , seasons to attempt to gain a fan base .
Kings only got twelve episodes after premiering with the fourth lowest rated pilot of all time .
A predictable fall , but hardly the fault of the series .
Perhaps a large portion of the blame can be attributed to the nature of American television .
A show is considered a failure if it does n’t become an overnight sensation .
And shows are expected to produce twenty - two episodes a season with only limited exceptions .
Note that that does n’t mean twenty - two good episodes , just twenty - two episodes to appease advertisers .
An order of less almost always means a show is on the verge of cancellation .
Had Kings been a mini-series event from the start , it would have perhaps had better luck .
The story would have fit within the short episode order , and there ’s always the possibility of promoting it to a full series as was seen with the ‘ 4400 ’ which ironically went on for far too long .
But the trend has been set and to break the set of artificial rules mandated by the faltering networks would have been a dose of common sense unwelcomed by the powers that be .
The finale of Kings tied up the first season nicely , but it did not completely tie - off the overall story of the series .
It takes little imagination to predict what would come next — particularly since the series is based on one of the more popular stories in the Bible — but I ca n’t help but want to see where the writers would take the series .
Deceit and flaws were thickly applied to the characters in this season .
We started with the same innocence of the main character , David .
The true colors of the supporting cast would occasionally flash , but it was n’t until the two part finale that we would see the characters for what they are .
A brutal reminder that no one is perfect and few are good .
The casting , the art direction , the cinematography ; everything about the show was done to the highest standards .
It was difficult to watch the last seven episodes knowing it would not return .
Had the show been aired exactly as is on HBO , it would be celebrating a victory right now .
With the help of some well placed profanity on the part of Ian McShane , the show would be preparing to shoot a second season after receiving several Emmy nominations .
Instead , NBC is packing up the set to make room for ‘ So You Think You Can Eat Road Kill ’ and there were no award nominations .
Thus the divide between network television and premium television channels becomes harder to ignore .
I am increasingly more hesitant to commit to shows that I know will be inevitably axed .
Kings predicted it from the start : Money will always rule over kings and queens .
NASA ’s new ion-propulsion system
NASA engineers have finished testing a new ion-propulsion system for earth - orbiting and interplanetary spacecraft .
The system is more powerful and fuel - efficient than its predecessors , enabling it to travel farther than ever before .
Ion propulsion works by electrically charging , or ionizing , a gas using power from solar panels and emitting the ionized gas to propel the spacecraft in the opposite direction .
The concept was first developed over 50 years ago , and the first spacecraft to use the technology was Deep Space 1 ( DS1 ) in 1998 .
Since then , one other spacecraft has used ion propulsion : the Dawn mission to the outer solar system , launched in 2007 .
To build the new ion-propulsion system under NASA ’s Evolutionary Xenon Thruster ( NEXT ) program , engineers at NASA ’s Glenn Research Center in Cleveland , OH , modified and improved the design of the engines used for DS1 and Dawn .
“ We made it physically bigger , but lighter , reduced the system ’s complexity to extend its lifetime , and , overall , improved its efficiency , ” says Michael Patterson , the principal investigator on the project .
Patterson presented a paper describing the engine at the Joint Propulsion Conference and Exhibit held this week in Denver .
He says that his team could start building a mission - ready version of the engine by January 2010 , which would take about 36 months to complete .
Chemical propulsion systems are most commonly used for spacecraft , but they require large amounts of fuel and are inefficient for deep - space missions .
“ You are limited in what you can bring to space because you have to carry a rocket that is mostly fuel , ” says Alexander Bruccoleri , a researcher in the aeronautics and astronautics department at MIT .
In addition , he says , “ you have to compensate for the weight and size of the propellant tanks by building a spacecraft that is flimsy or does not have many structures to reinforce it . ”
As an alternative , several research groups are exploring electric propulsion systems .
While these engines produce much less thrust than chemical engines , they are very efficient , making them ideal for long - distance missions to asteroids , comets , or planets like Jupiter and Mercury .
However , “ one of the biggest challenges in electric propulsion is the high power and lifetime of the system , ” says Daniel Brent White , another researcher in aeronautics and astronautics at MIT .
Contnue reading Technology Review
August 4 , 2009
ABOUT TWO dozen British workers have been occupying a factory on the Isle of Wight , just off the south coast of England , in a fight to save more than 600 jobs .
The workers are employees of Vestas Windsystems , a Danish company that recently announced it intended to close the plant -- the only wind turbine factory in Britain .
But rather than allow the factory to close on July 31 , these workers decided to take over a first - floor office , and have remained there for nearly two weeks .
The Vestas workers have every reason to be angry .
Although their bosses claim that demand for the turbines is falling across northern Europe , the company recently reported a 59 percent increase in sales to over $ 1.4 billion .
Even more ironically , the British government had just announced a subsidy of more than $ 10 million to help Vestas build a new research - and - development facility .
While the company is raking in the money , the closure of the Vestas plant -- which is one of the largest employers of skilled labor in the region -- would have a devastating impact on the local economy .
Vestas workers are cheered by supporters below
Vestas is doing everything it can to break the occupation .
On July 28 , the company announced it had fired 11 workers suspected of taking part in the action .
To add insult to injury , these workers received their redundancy letters hidden under slices of pizza delivered to the factory for their evening meal .
Vestas and the local police have prevented supporters from bringing food and water to the workers , leading to difficult conditions inside the plant .
When one worker chose to leave the factory , he was checked for low blood - sugar levels and advised to go to the hospital for further checks .
Several people have been arrested outside the plant , apparently for attempting to supply the occupation .
But Vestas is n't getting everything its own way .
The day after the firings were announced , a local court rejected the company 's attempt to get an eviction order for the protesting workers .
This means that the occupation will continue at least into the first week of August , well beyond the planned closure date of July 31 .
THE VESTAS workers have made a clear attempt to link the fight for jobs to the fight for sustainability and environmental justice .
They have demanded that Ed Miliband , the Energy and Climate Change Secretary in Gordon Brown 's New Labour government , travel to the factory and speak with them " face to face . "
Like Barack Obama 's Democratic Party administration in the U.S. , New Labour has committed itself to creating thousands of " green jobs " while allowing the recession to throw millions out of work .
The situation at Vestas shows that these governments ' commitment to free - market principles is incompatible with a serious effort to prevent climate change .
Significantly , the solidarity campaign for the Vestas workers demonstrates the potential for concrete collaboration between labor and the environmental movement .
Activists from the British organization Campaign against Climate Change have played a leading role in protests to support the occupation , and they have been joined by the left - led National Union of Rail , Maritime and Transport Workers ( RMT ) .
The union 's leader , Bob Crow , said that the planned closure made " a mockery of the government 's stated objectives on green employment and renewable energy . "
Although Vestas is not a union shop , the occupation reveals the ability of workers to fight back , and shows how struggles like this one can give confidence even to those who have never thought of themselves as militants .
A small number of Vestas workers joined the RMT union and began to organize in the factory .
When the closure was announced , this group was able to win larger numbers of workers to their strategy for a fightback .
" I 've never done anything like this in my life , and there was that part of me that thought they 're a big company , and they 're going to annihilate us in court , " one of the workers told a BBC reporter .
" But to hear that news [ of the court victory ] yesterday was absolutely fantastic and boosted everyone 's morale . "
The Vestas occupation is the latest in a ripple of factory occupations that has spread around the world .
In December , workers at Chicago 's Republic Windows & Doors won a huge victory when they took over their factory to demand severance pay after the plant was closed .
In a similar action , workers at three Visteon auto parts plants in Britain occupied their factories in March and April after they were given just a few minutes ' notice that their factory was being shuttered .
Like the workers at Republic , their militant action won much - improved redundancy payments .
France has seen similar protests , and workers at the SsangYong Motor factory in South Korea are currently in occupation , and have engaged in determined self - defense against police attempts to evict them .
Beyond this , the Vestas occupation reveals the ways in which the ongoing Great Recession not only threatens the livelihoods of millions of workers , but also contributes to the environmental crisis .
Factory closures such as this one are a major obstacle for the development of a sustainable economy .
But the occupation also hints at the power of workers to challenge layoffs -- and lead the movement against climate change .
To be honest , I expected the government to at least consider Netanyahu 's compromise but to dismiss it so forcefully speaks volumes to those who want Peace in the middle east
" He wants to see a stop to settlements - not some settlements , not outposts , not ' natural growth ' exceptions , " Clinton said , referring in the last case to population growth on existing Israeli settlements in the West Bank from births and from allowances for adult offspring of settlers to buy homes near their parents .
This is very heartening that the Obama administration is standing very firm on this issue .
There can be no peace agreements without a complete and total freeze on settlements .
Netanyahu must have thought Obama was as pliable as other U.S. Presidents have been , but this must be a shocking wake up call .
The Open Share Icon helps visitors easily identify shareable content .
Design Notes
The Open Share icon conveys the act of sharing by visually representing one hand passing an object to another hand , as in " pass it on " or " sharing " .
The icon also represents an " eye " , as in " look at this " .
Seen & used by tens of millions every day
Licence
Shareaholic has made the Open Share Icon ( also often referred to as the " Shareaholic Icon " ) available for use by others under the Creative Commons Attribution - Share Alike 3.0 Unported License .
Usage terms require clear attribution and a hyperlink back to this page in a prominent location near the image .
If you elect to use the icon , we require you to comply with any applicable Usage Guidelines .
Your use of the icon will be considered to be your acknowledgment of your agreement to these conditions , as we may update them from time to time .
Note that as the creators of the Open Share Icon project , to avoid confusion only Shareaholic has the appropriate use of the icon as a primary application icon and logo ( including a favicon ) .
Usage Guidelines
This website contains guidelines for use of the icon , and is published and maintained by Shareaholic as a service to -
the community of individuals and organizations wishing to use the Open Share Icon in connection with their own products and services and
members of the general public who use those products and services and rely on the standard meaning of the Open Share Icon as indicating shareable content , and the act of sharing .
We strongly believe in the value of open , and encouraging the healthy usage of the icon .
As part of that , it is important for users to be able to trust the Open Share Icon and not be confused about the relationship with the many people and organizations who use the icon .
The icon is available for use in connection with content sharing , in all its forms .
Shareable content may include blog posts , articles , photos , videos , etc .
If you are developing or have developed a sharing related application , product or service , you may make use of the Open Share Icon to help foster standardization , recognition , and help promote a consistent icon for sharing on the web , but should refrain from using the Icon to establish branding ( e.g. use within your application is allowed , but not use as your logo ) .
The spirit of these guidelines is to encourage adoption of the Open Share Icon by both individuals and corporate entities who may use it ( on web pages , in products or services ) for the purposes for which it is intended .
It , or confusingly - similar variants , are not intended , for example , to be used as part of a trademark , service mark , logo , or in any other way that would imply to a casual observer that the icon was exclusively associated with a particular application or website .
This includes not displaying the Icon as the most prominent element on your web page or web application .
In the interests of providing a consistent experience for users we suggest that providers of sharing and sharing related services make minimum use of alternative representations of the Open Share Icon .
Note that the above guidelines are not intended to restrict the ways in which the icon might be represented by assistive technologies designed for use by people with impaired vision .
( Such technologies include software to magnify the contents of the screen and / or change screen colors , contrast , and brightness ; alternative stylesheets for websites ; and the like . )
Why publish usage guidelines ?
We felt it was important that the icon " mean something " to people , particularly to end users who are just getting acquainted with the concept of sharing web content and might see the icon as a relatively reliable guide by which to discover content that is shareable , and the act of sharing in general .
Taking a totally laissez faire approach might cause those users ' expectations to be completely violated .
I do n’t like green ; can I use the icon in a different color ?
We believe that the color of the icon is an important visual cue for people , and that arbitrarily changing the color could disrupt that cue and could confuse users .
( Just as , for example , changing the standard colors used for road signs could confuse drivers . )
We therefore recommend not changing the color of the icon when it is used in the context of sharing and its related products and services .
Design credit
The Open Share Icon is an initiative started and spearheaded by Shareaholic .
The Icon itself was designed by Frank Dobbelaere , David Hall , Bruce McKenzie , and Jay Meattle which they designed based on the larger input of the community and donated to the project .
The guidelines and FAQs for the Open Share Icon are derived from the ones established by the Mozilla Foundation for the RSS Feed Icons .
A big thank you to Mozilla .
Complete the Open Icon Set
In the past two years , an Army researcher , Steven Burnett , has overseen a study into human perception and bomb detection involving about 800 military men and women .
Researchers have conducted exhaustive interviews with experienced fighters .
They have administered personality tests and measured depth perception , vigilance and related abilities .
The troops have competed to find bombs in photographs , videos , virtual reality simulations and on the ground in mock exercises .
The study complements a growing body of work suggesting that the speed with which the brain reads and interprets sensations like the feelings in one ’s own body and emotions in the body language of others is central to avoiding imminent threats .
“ Not long ago people thought of emotions as old stuff , as just feelings  feelings that had little to do with rational decision making , or that got in the way of it , ” said Dr. Antonio Damasio , director of the Brain and Creativity Institute at the University of Southern California .
“ Now that position has reversed .
We understand emotions as practical action programs that work to solve a problem , often before we ’re conscious of it .
These processes are at work continually , in pilots , leaders of expeditions , parents , all of us . ”
Seeing What Others Miss
The patrol through Mosul ’s main marketplace never became routine , not once , not after the 10th time or the 40th .
A divot in the gravel , a slight shadow in a ditch , a pile of discarded cans ; any one could be deadly ; every one raised the same question :
Is there something  anything  out of place here ?
Clearing a road of bombs is one of the least glamorous and most dangerous jobs on the planet .
It is also one of the most important .
In May , coalition forces found 465 of them in Afghanistan and 333 in Iraq .
The troops foiled more than half the traps over all  but about 10 percent of the bombs killed or maimed a soldier or a Marine .
“ We had indicators we ’d look for , but you ’d really have to be aware of everything , every detail , ” said Sergeant Tierney , whose unit was working with the Iraqi police in that summer of 2004 .
1982 : Frustrated in his dream of becoming an Air Force pilot , a southern California truck driver gets himself airborne anyway with the help of a lawn chair and 42 helium - filled weather balloons .
Airborne , as in 16,000 feet worth of airborne .
Poor eyesight put the kibosh on Larry Walters ' top - gun dreams , but the man was determined to fly .
You'd think he'd just go out and get himself a commercial pilot 's license , but , no ....
Walters said later that he had nurtured the idea of flying using balloons for 20 years , ever since seeing helium balloons hanging from the ceiling of an Army - Navy surplus store .
Opportunity finally knocked in 1982 , when Walters and his girlfriend purchased 42 eight - foot weather balloons and several tanks of helium .
From there , the idea was simplicity itself :
Attach a garden - variety , Sears aluminum lawn chair to the balloons , strap on some water jugs for ballast , take along a pellet pistol to shoot out the balloons to control the descent , pack a parachute and carry a CB radio , and maybe , with luck , sail across the desert to the Rocky Mountains .
Oh , and take along some beer and sandwiches for the ride .
The doughty craft , dubbed Inspiration I , was cut loose from its moorings July 2 , with Walters securely strapped into his patio chair .
He ascended rapidly — much more rapidly than he anticipated — and rose above San Pedro .
He said he'd intended to fly only to 30 feet or so before leveling off , while munching sandwiches and pounding a few Miller Lites .
Instead , he shot skyward at the rate of about a thousand feet a minute and did n't level off until he 'd reached 16,000 feet .
He was way up high , and he was scared and probably not hungry anymore ( and had lost his glasses to boot ) , but now he had another , more immediate problem :
He was drifting into the flight path of incoming planes to Los Angeles International Airport .
A clearly worried Walters used his CB radio to transmit a mayday call , which was picked up by operators on the ground who then maintained contact with him throughout the flight .
Despite his precarious situation , after the initial shock wore off Walters was the picture of calm .
He told those now monitoring him that knew he was in trouble , one way or another .
Either he 'd plunge to his death , get sucked into a jet engine or else get busted big - time when he landed .
He was n't run down by a commercial airliner .
Instead , Walters continued drifting , and was spotted by the pilots of at least two inbound LAX flights , including a TWA captain who radioed that he was passing a man in a lawn chair at 16,000 feet , who was holding a pistol in his hand .
An incredulous tower received the incredulous report , made a radar fix and began tracking him .
Eventually , screwing up his courage , Walters shot out several balloons .
He began a slow descent but dropped the pistol before he could shoot out any more .
Ninety minutes after liftoff from San Pedro , he was safely back on terra firma , but not until the tethers hanging from his balloons fouled some power lines , knocking out electricity in a Long Beach neighborhood .
The chair was dangling about 5 feet off the ground when Walters hopped down to a waiting reception committee from the LAPD .
When asked by a reporter why he'd made such a foolhardy flight , Walters was ready with a pithy reply : " A man ca n't just sit around . "
Well , he could sit around ... in jail .
The authorities took their usual humorless approach to this flight of fancy .
Walters was arrested , jugged for a time and then released while the FAA tried to determine which of its regulations he had broken .
He was eventually charged with operating an aircraft near an airport " without establishing and maintaining two - way communications with the control tower . "
The original $ 4,000 fine was reduced to $ 1,500 when the agency dropped the seemingly more relevant charge of operating a " civil aircraft for which there is not currently in effect an Airworthiness Certificate . "
Helium - filled balloons ?
Lawn chair ?
Pellet gun ?
What 's not airworthy ?
Walters ' stunt earned him his requisite five minutes of fame .
" Lawn Chair Larry , " as he became known , appeared on both the Tonight Show and Late Night With David Letterman , and earned a 1982 honorable mention from the Darwin Awards ( which he presumably could have won outright by shooting out a few more of those balloons ) .
The Bonehead Club of Dallas awarded him its top prize for the year .
But fame is a fickle mistress , and it did n't go well for Walters in subsequent years .
He quit his truck - driving job and tried his hand as a motivational speaker , which did n't pan out .
He appeared on a few game shows and was featured in a print ad for Timex watches in the early '90s , but that did n't pay much .
By the time the Smithsonian came along requesting the lawn chair for its air museum — or was it the pop-culture wing ?
—
Walters had already given it to some cheeky kid who'd asked for it first .
After that , Walters essentially withdrew from public life , spending a lot of time hiking in the San Gabriel Mountains outside Los Angeles and doing volunteer work for the U.S. Forest Service .
In 1993 , only 44 , he committed suicide in the Angeles National Forest by shooting himself in the heart .
Source : Various
Caption :
Unlike the bouquet of colored balloons seen here , Larry Walters ' balloons were a uniform brown .
But you get the idea .
Photo : Fayezart .
Exam .
Mode ./ Flickr
See Also :
Washington
SIX months ago , when President Obama and I took office , we were confronted with an economic crisis unparalleled in our lifetime .
The nation was hemorrhaging more than 700,000 jobs a month , the housing market was in free fall , and the fate of the financial system hung in the balance .
Credible economists were handicapping the probability of a depression .
The actions we took  passing the Recovery Act , stabilizing the banking system , pressing to get credit flowing again and helping responsible homeowners  brought us back from the precipice .
Monthly job losses are down , financial markets are improved , and economic contraction has slowed .
We still have a long way to go , but clearly we are closer to recovery today than we were in January .
The Recovery Act has been critical to that progress .
Notwithstanding this progress , the nature of the Recovery Act remains misunderstood by many , and misconstrued by others : critics have suggested that the entire $ 787 billion is being spent on pet programs .
As the person leading the administration ’s efforts to put the Recovery Act into effect , I want to set the record straight .
The single largest part of the Recovery Act  more than one - third of it  is tax cuts : 95 percent of working Americans have seen their taxes go down as a result of the act .
The second - largest part  just under a third  is direct relief to state governments and individuals .
The money is allowing state governments to avoid laying off teachers ( 14,000 in New York City alone ) , firefighters and police officers and preventing states ’ budget gaps from growing wider .
And those hardest hit by the recession are getting extended unemployment insurance , health coverage and other help to get through these tough times .
The bottom line is that two - thirds of the Recovery Act does n’t finance “ programs , ” but goes directly to tax cuts , state governments and families in need , without red tape or delays .
AUSTRALIA will go it alone next month when it begins the mandatory fortification of bread - making flour with synthetic folate .
The New Zealand Government announced yesterday it would not go ahead with a joint agreement signed by the two countries about two years ago that would compel all flour millers to add between two and three parts per million of folic acid from September 13 .
New Zealand 's Health Minister , Kate Wilkinson , said further research was needed and a decision would be deferred until at least 2012 .
Mandatory fortification has become a contentious issue in New Zealand in recent months .
A survey by the Government conducted earlier this year found that 87 per cent of consumers did not want it .
The bilateral food regulator Food Standards Australia New Zealand recommended mandatory fortification of bread flour with folic acid in 2007 to help reduce the incidence of neural tube birth defects such as spina bifida .
The Yaris compact car is one of four Toyota models affected
Toyota , the world 's biggest carmaker , is recalling almost 690,000 cars made in China because of faulty electrical window switches .
The recall affects the company 's Camry , Corolla , Vios and Yaris models made at two joint ventures in China - Guangzhou Auto and Tianjin FAW .
This represents Toyota 's biggest recall of cars in China .
The company said that no injuries or accidents had been reported as a result of the faulty electrics .
' Short - term impact '
" The size of the recall is big , but wo n't be a major problem for Toyota given the nature of the defect .
Still , there will be some impact in the short term , " said Huang Zherui , analyst at CSM worldwide .
The recall includes 384,736 Camrys made with Guangzhou Auto between 15 May 2006 and 31 December 2008 .
A total of 22,767 Yaris compact cars made last year with the same partner are also being recalled .
The affected cars also included 245,288 Corollas and 35,523 Vios made in 2008 with FAW .
Last month , rival Japanese carmaker Honda announced it was recalling 440,000 vehicles in the US because of an airbag defect .
By Pir Zubair Shah , Sabrina Tavernise and Mark Mazzetti
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  American and Pakistani officials said Friday they were increasingly convinced that an American drone strike two days earlier had killed Baitullah Mehsud , Pakistan ’s enemy No.1 and the leader of its feared Taliban movement .
While Mr. Mehsud was a pivotal figure who held together the loose and disparate network of militants in Pakistan , experts said his death would not end the violent Taliban insurgency , its ties to Al Qaeda or its push for Pakistani territory .
Mr. Mehsud , a militant in his 30s who made attacks inside Pakistan his top priority , was blamed for the assassination of the former prime minister , Benazir Bhutto , and scores of suicide bombings , including at the Marriott Hotel in Islamabad , which killed more than 50 people last September .
The drone attack was the result of months of closer cooperation by the Pakistani and American intelligence agencies .
But his death would raise questions about how far the Pakistani authorities are now willing to go to crush the remnants of the Pakistani Taliban  and how hard the Obama administration would continue to push them .
The Taliban insurgency across the border in Afghanistan was not expected to be affected .
FRANKFURT 
The largest European carmarker , Volkswagen , moved quickly on Thursday to consolidate its grip on Porsche , which dismissed Wendelin Wiedeking , its chief executive , who had sought to take over VW in a quest that fell apart along with the global financial system .
Writing another chapter in the crisis - driven reordering of the global auto industry , Porsche ’s supervisory board reached an agreement with Mr. Wiedeking calling for his departure .
It approved plans for the new chief executive , Michael Macht , to secure an investment of billions of euros from the government of Qatar .
That will ease the way for the creation of an integrated automobile company that includes Porsche as the 10th brand in Volkswagen ’s stable .
Alluding to Audi , the premium brand that Volkswagen turned into a profitable franchise in the United States and elsewhere , Volkswagen ’s chief executive , Martin Winterkorn , predicted that Porsche would take advantage of the larger company ’s economies of scale while protecting its brand in the eyes of its customers .
Everyone has bad mornings .
You wake up late , you stub your toe , you burn the toast , but for a man named Arthur Dent ( Martin Freeman ) , this goes far beyond a bad day .
When he learns that a friend of his is actually an alien with advanced knowledge of Earth 's impending destruction , he is transported off the Earth seconds before it is blown up to make way for a new hyperspace motorway .
And as if that 's not enough , throw in being wanted by the Police , Earth II , an insane electronic encyclopedia , no tea whatsoever , a chronically depressed robot and the search for the meaning of life , and you 've got the greatest adventure off Earth .
Written by radioactive
Editorial on key national election reform bill egregiously misrepresented by both the ' Paper of Record ' and the Democratic U.S. Congressman who authored it ...
Brad Friedman Byon 7/15/2009 , 12:27 pm PT
It 's been nearly a month since the New York Times misinformed readers by describing NJ Democratic Congressman Rush Holt 's national election reform bill ( H.R. 2894 ) by inaccurately writing that it " would require paper ballots to be used for every vote cast in November 2010 . "
As it 's currently written , it will do no such thing .
It wo n't be until 2014 that a paper ballot for " every vote cast " will be required .
Election integrity expert Ellen Theisen , of VotersUnite.org ( who had previously endorsed the bill , until withdrawing the group 's endorsement after a different provision was amended prior to final introduction ) , told us earlier this month she believed the Times ' assertion , in the unbylined editorial , was a " glaring inaccuracy " and a " complete misrepresentation of the bill . "
Election attorney John Bonifaz , director of VoterAction.org , which has fervently endorsed this version of Holt 's bill , later concurred , in response to a request for comment from The BRAD BLOG , that the Times was inaccurate in its representation of the bill .
While the Times has yet to take note , or issue a correction , Holt himself has responded to our concerns by somewhat re-writing the bullet - point on his website --- which had previously offered inaccurate language describing the bill almost identical to the Times ' mischaracterization --- in order to somewhat more accurately describe what the bill actually does ...
As the legislation 's mandate to eventually move from wholly unverifiable Direct Recording Electronic ( DRE , usually touch - screen ) voting machines to paper ballots by 2014 , is one of the key provisions at the heart of Holt 's sweeping legislation , the fact that the nation 's " Paper of Record " would so utterly misdescribe that key provision --- in an editorial endorsement of the bill , of all things --- is simply remarkable .
That they would go this long without issuing a correction --- despite our having notified their editors and even their Public Editor ( ombudsmen ) Clark Hoyt , without a response having been received from any of them --- is nothing short of astounding .
But perhaps we 're still too easily astounded these days .
As it turned out , while writing our initial follow - up article , a week after noting the Times error originally , we noticed that the Congressman himself had similarly misrepresented the bill on his U.S.
House website page , where he described the bill by claiming that it " Requires a voter - marked or ballot - marking - device paper ballot be produced for every vote cast in time for the November 2010 elections . "
So , it would seem , the NYTimes must have relied on Holt 's summary language instead of having read the actual bill itself before deciding to bless it with its valued endorsement .
We 'd expect much better from the Times , but when it comes to future endorsements of legislation , we 'll now consider ourselves forewarned : they seemingly rely on the often - misleading talking points of the author of the legislation , rather than bothering to read the actual bill .
The tortured wording of the amended language now on Holt 's website --- in contrast to a simple correction , apologizing for the error , and stating what the bill actually will and wo n't do --- suggests the office is still more interested in misleading and / or confusing the public about the bill , rather than simply advocating and informing in favor of such an important piece of legislation for what it is .
Holt 's initially incorrect language --- similar , almost to a word , to the Times inaccurate description of the bill --- was belied by the Congressman 's very next bullet - point on the same webpage .
The bill " Provides that printer - equipped electronic voting systems used in 2008 elections can be used after 2010 but are to be replaced with paper ballots before the first federal election in 2014 , " the webpage notes , in direct contrast to the original preceding point .
In the first point , Holt claimed the bill " Requires a ... paper ballot be produced for every vote cast in time for the November 2010 elections . "
And in the very next , he writes that electronic voting records " are to be replaced with paper ballots before the first federal election in 2014 . "
Having read virtually every iteration of the bill since the earliest drafts of its 2007 version , we can tell you , without question , that the second point is the correct assertion .
The currently introduced version of the bill does not require paper ballots for all until 2014 .
That leaves us with a guarantee of millions of 100 % unverifiable votes in the next two federal elections , one of them a Presidential election .
That the Times still finds such an egregious error unworthy of correction is , as mentioned , astounding .
Holt has now amended his website language , following our critical coverage , not with a simple correction / clarification , but by describing the bill 's key requirement with the following tortured turn of phrase :
• Requires a voter - marked or ballot - marking - device - marked paper ballot be produced for every vote cast to replace all paperless equipment in time for the November 2010 elections .
That , um , confusing wording is now posted instead of the previous , and wholly inaccurate :
• Requires a voter - marked or ballot - marking - device paper ballot be produced for every vote cast in time for the November 2010 elections .
The new wording , if one can parse it , more accurately describes the fact that the bill only requires the replacement of paperless DRE systems --- with either hand - marked paper ballots , or equally unverifiable machine - marked paper ballots --- in 2010 .
Those jurisdictions that currently use wholly unverifiable DREs with so - called " paper - trail " printers can continue using those machines --- despite the fact that they are as unverifiable as those without such printers --- until the 2014 elections .
" To the extent that the NYTimes relied on prior language from Holt 's website to state that paper ballots would be required in all states by 2010 , " attorney Bonifaz , who endorses the bill , wrote to us in response to our query , " this amended language should clarify that for the newspaper . "
We 're not sure , however , that it much clarifies anything for anybody .
In any case , the newspaper in question has still failed to issue a correction , nearly a full month after the original inaccurate editorial .
Our queries to Holt 's office , asking whether or not they 've informed the Times of the error , have gone unanswered , though they have , as noted , made that slight amendment to their website , presumely in response to our concerns .
In the meantime , the front page of Holt 's site still touts , and proudly links to , the Times ' editorial endorsement ( without noting its " glaring inaccuracy " ) by quoting the editorial 's assertion : " Few issues matter as much as ensuring that election results can be trusted . "
On that , both the Times and Holt are correct --- few issues matter as much .
But after the importance of being able to trust election results , comes the importance of being able to trust both elected officials and the nation 's top newspaper --- particularly when it comes to major , sweeping legislation .
At this point , in this case , given the reckless behavior of each , there seems little reason to trust either of them .
CONTACTS
editorial@nytimes.com
letters@nytimes.com
Requests for Times corrections
Times ' Public Editor , Clark Hoyt
Contact page for Rep. Rush Holt
* * *
The BRAD BLOG 's latest analysis of the currently introduced Holt bill --- noting both its much needed reforms , as well as its serious dangers --- is posted here , for those who would prefer an accurate and unbiased look at the bill before deciding whether it 's worth supporting , opposing , or working to see it improved before passage .
DISCLOSURE : In 2007 we were asked by Holt 's office to review , and help draft , several versions of the bill before its introduction .
Despite having had a hand in improving several provisions of that version of the bill , we did not ultimately endorse it due to numerous concerns , most notably its failure to ban DREs all together ( thankfully , the new version does that , if only by 2014 , and even then it allows for the type of unverifiable computer - marked paper ballots which misprinted 4 out of 12 of our own votes during a primary election in California last year ) , and the language which was severely rewritten in committee to federally institutionalize secret voting and tabulation software for use in public elections .
Unfortunately , that latter concern still remains in the currently introduced 2009 version of the bill .
Large expanses of the world 's forests are in rapid decline and could be lost much sooner than expected , a new report by an environmental research group says .
As we examined what we thought were still vast , untouched stretches of intact forests in the world , we came to the conclusion that they are fast becoming a myth
The WRI report is based on a two - year survey that covered North America , Russia , Indonesia , Central Africa , Chile and Venezuela .
" [ There are ] good rules on the books by governments who are really making an effort , but they 're just not implemented on the ground , " he said .
" A lot of it is illegal logging in areas of the tropics , " Mr Bryant told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme .
" As we examined what we thought were still vast , untouched stretches of intact forests in the world , we came to the conclusion that they are fast becoming a myth , " WRI president Jonathan Lash said .
" We 've mapped about half the world 's forests in detail and we 're finding that the closer we look , the less intact old growth and primary forest we 're finding , " said Mr Bryant .
Russian loss
" [ That is ] considerably less in many places than we had estimated during our original mapping several years ago , " he added .
" Russia is a great example .
[ It is ] the biggest forest area in the world in a single country .
" We found only a quarter of forests today are intact in larger tracts of old growth and primary forest , " he said .
Such forest trees are important in counteracting climate change , Mr Bryant said .
" They store vast amounts of carbon , which , if you clear them , burn them and degrade them , then go into the atmosphere and contribute to global warming , " he said .
Industry role
Mr Bryant did , however , have some words of optimism about deforestation .
" It 's being offset to some extent by regenerating forests in certain parts of the world .
He said companies were also playing a role .
" Industry is stepping to the fore and leading companies are realising that through market investment decisions , they can make a difference . "
These are some of the entries in a photoshop contest , from website Worth1000.com , to combine plants with animals into a variety of absurd plantimals , such as this freshly beached can - turtle - loupe ...
Credit : WORTH1000 .COM
If , then , our concept of levels of selection includes causality , natural selection can act at the level of the gene ( as in meiotic drive ) , organism , and at least in principle , population and species .
If , then , our concept of levels of selection includes causality , natural selection can act at the level of the gene ( as in meiotic drive ) , organism , and at least in principle , population and species .
No one denies that group selection , if sufficiently intense , might prevail ...[ in fact , it has been demonstrated to be possible by experiment ] but many , perhaps most , evolutionary biologists believe that it is only rarely an important force in evolution .
An increase in the frequency of a " selfish " genetic element , such as a t allele in the mourse or Medea in flour beetles , is evidently due to genic selection : selection of an allele because of its capacity for distorting segregation , irrespective of its effect on the organism that bears it .
But if an allele increases in frequency because it enhances the organism 's survival or fecundity , shall we call that genic selection or individual selection ?
Again , opinions differ .
If there are ways in which mutation can increase the probability of survival within cells without effect on organismal phenotype , then sequences whose only ' function ' is self - preservation will inevitably arise and be maintained by what we call ' non- phenotypic selection ' .
Furthermore , if it can be shown that a given gene ( region of DNA ) or class of genes ( regions ) has evolved a strategy which increases its probability of survival within cells , then no additional ( phenotypic ) explanation for its origin or continues existence is required .
In the case of selfish DNA , the sequence which spreads makes no contribution to the phenotype of the organism , except insofar as it is a slight burden to the cell that contains it ...
The spread of selfish DNA sequences within the genome can be compared to the spread of a not - too - harmful parasite within its host .
Natural selection within population can be understood simply as a competition among alleles , the winner being the one that confers some characteristic on organisms that provides that allele with the highest rate of survival and reproduction , averaged over all the gene combinations in which that allele occurs .
We should not be surprised to find individual organisms behaving altruistically ' for the good of the genes ' , for example by feeding and protecting kin who are likely to share copies of the same genes .
Such kin altruism is only one way in which gene selfishness can translate itself into individual altruism ...
In eusocial Hymenoptera such as ants , wasps , and bees , diploid females develop from fertilized eggs and haploid males from unfertilized eggs .
As a result , queens are equally related to their sons and daughters , whereas workers are more related to their sisters than to their brothers .
These asymmetries in relatedness suggest that queens should favor an equal investment in both sexes , whereas workers should favor greater investment in females than in males .
Hence , a sex ratio conflict arises between queens and workers , because workers may enhance their inclusive fitness by altering colony sex ratios in their favor , and in so doing act against the interests of the queen .
The resolution of such conflicts provides important insights into the role of kin selection in social evolution .
By eliminating males , workers preferentially raise the sex that yields the largest marginal fitness - return per unit investment , thereby enhancing their inclusive fitness .
This implies accurate discriminatory abilities at two stages : First , accurate assessment of queen mating frequency , which suggests great diversity of genetically determined odor cues .
Second , discrimination between male and female brood relatively early in development , before males are so large that it would be too costly to kill them .
These findings emphasize the sophistication both of worker reproductive strategies and the recognition abilities on which they often depend .
More generally , they illuminate some of the complex dynamics between cooperation and ongoing conflicts among members of insect societies .
In societies where individuals act to benefit other members of the society at a cost to their own direct fitness , there is a selective advantage for individuals that " cheat , " reaping the benefits of group living while avoiding the cost of contributing personally .
Where genes influence cooperation among individuals , single mutations at key loci may permit selfish behavior to arise that advantages the carrier , but reduces the fitness of the group .
Thus , identifying mutations for cheating behavior provides the opportunity to characterize the genetic architecture of cooperation — a key goal of sociogenomics .
In light of the popularity of this piece , here are some things to keep in mind about ' selfish ' genes : 1 .
The basic issue is about the unit of selection - does natural selection choose allele , individuals , populations , or species ?
The answer , like most things in biology , is yes , as Douglas Futuyma puts it in his standard textbook on evolution ( p. 354. 3rd edition ) :
In light of the popularity of this piece , here are some things to keep in mind about ' selfish ' genes : 1 .
The basic issue is about the unit of selection - does natural selection choose allele , individuals , populations , or species ?
The answer , like most things in biology , is yes , as Douglas Futuyma puts it in his standard textbook on evolution ( p. 354. 3rd edition ) : Futuyma lays out the general view of group ( which can mean species or population ) selection ( p. 351-352 ) : 2 .
When it comes down to genic selection vs. individual selection , the issue is more a matter of useful perspective .
There is so much diversity in biology , and some situations are more usefully considered from a gene 's eye perspective , while other 's are n't .
There are no absolute laws of selfishness here .
There are clear examples of genic selection , that can't be explained by the advantage an allele confers on an individual .
These are classic selfish elements , as Futuyma notes : Ford Doolittle and Carmen Sapienza , in a classic piece on selfish genes in the April 17 , 1980 issue of Nature make the same point : Leslie Orgel and Francis Crick made the same point in the same issue of Nature , comparing selfish DNA to parasites :
Experience has shown that these ideas are right : our genomes are filled with parasitic , virus - like pieces of DNA that , for the most part , make no phenotypic contribution .
( Actually , their potentially negative phenotypic consequences are kept to a minimum by active surveillance and suppression .) Bottom line : there are clear examples of ' selfish ' genetic elements , with no positive fitness contribution , and which exist simply by virtue of the fact that they can perpetuate themselves .
3 .
Now what about ' regular genes ' - the ones that contribute positively to our phenotype ?
Should we consider them ' selfish ' ?
Selfish is actually a distracting term ( as Dawkins himself has said ) .
Again , the real issue , as both Futuyma and Dawkins point out , is at what level selection operates - allele or individual .
Obviously , the fitness effect of any given allele depends on its context - the other alleles around it in the genome .
An allele in say , a myglobin gene , with the potential to make a faster - running cheetah , is useless if that allele is coupled with an allele that causes blindness .
That 's an extreme example , but the basic point is true : the effect of most alleles depends , more or less , on context .
From a gene 's eye view however , it 's not so necessary to consider context in order to make useful predictions about the evolutionary future of a gene : you can simply calculate the average fitness contribution of an allele , over all genetic backgrounds , and predict the evolutionary consequences .
As Futuyma summarizes Dawkins ' ideas about selfish genes , This perspective works well in some cases , but the gene 's - eye view does n't work as well in other cases - such as the phenomenon of overdominance .
The classic case is the sickle - cell allele and malaria resistance .
In this case , people who are heterozygotes , carrying one normal beta - hemoglobin allele and one sickle cell allele , are more resistant to malaria than people with two normal beta- hemoglobin alleles .
This means that , in one particular combination , a normally harmful allele ( the sickle cell allele ) has a beneficial effect .
But averaged over all combinations , the sickle - cell allele is harmful .
Overdominance is not a situation that is not easily predicted from a gene 's - eye perspective .
On the other hand , overdominance seems to be rare .
And we 're again reduced to noting that biology is so diverse , that in some cases one approach is fruitful , while in another case , we should use a different perspective .
4 .
The most controversial aspect of Dawkins ' selfish gene argument is related to altruism .
Dawkins lays it out in the introduction to the 30th anniversary edition of The Selfish Gene : I 'm going to sound like a broken record : it depends .
There are many , many clear cases of kin selection , and calculations of altruism based on genetic relationships , like this one :
The conclusion of this paper : kin selection happens .
Kin selection has be extremely successful at predicting the social dynamics of many animal social behaviors - in birds , mammals , reptiles , amphibians , and insects .
( Futuyma goes over a long list in his textbook , p. 597-599 ) .
Biologists have tested the theory with experimental populations , and with natural experiments .
In case after case , we can explain cooperative behavior in the animal world by calculating genetic relatedness .
Calculating relatedness and making predictions is n't the same thing as finding a gene that influence altruism .
Now researchers are starting to find those genes .
In a paper in last year 's Genetics , researchers identified regions of DNA that control worker bee behavior .
In the honeybee species Apis mellifera , female workers give up their chance to reproduce by not laying eggs .
Reproduction is left to the queen .
This behavior is what kin selection predicts , but what genes are involved ?
Can we find ' cheater ' mutants that cause female workers to go ahead an lay eggs ?
As the authors write : Such cheater strains of bees exist , called ' anarchist lines ' .
By crossing anarchist males with normal queens , the researchers were able to find an ' anarchy locus ' that influences altruistic behavior .
So what we have is this : a theory ( kin selection ) that predicts that , in many cases , natural selection will favor altruistic behavior towards kin , and we have a definite locus that does in fact confer altruistic behavior - a region of DNA that contains a variant of a gene that causes female workers to cease laying eggs in the presence of a fecund queen .
Kin selection is a powerful theory .
But biology is not like physics , and kin selection is not an absolute law - there are clear cases where other factors can take precedence of genetic relatedness , most notably cultural pressures in human societies ( although clearly relatedness has an influence on altruism even among humans ) .
The main lesson here is that , under the heading of ' selfish genes ' , we can find some exteremely powerful ideas that have found substantial support in the lab and in the field .
Whether or not the term ' selfish ' is the best one to use ( and Dawkins ' has expressed ambivalence about the term , and the everyday connation of the term has little relevance to the actual , rigorously developed scientific ideas ) , thinking about evolution from the perspective of alleles is extremely useful .
The mad and evil scientist , Dr. Clayton Forrester , has created an evil little scheme that is bound to give him world global domination but first thing 's first .
He plans to torment Mike Nelson and the robots by sending them a real stinker of a film to watch called , " This Island Earth . "
He is convinced that this movie will drive them insane .
And since the guys cannot control when the movie begins or ends , they are forced to witness the true horror that is this awful movie that has a lobster creature dressed in slacks .
But will this be the ultimate cheese that breaks the boys ' spirits ?
It 's up to one test subject 's quick wit , sharp sense of humor , and utter intolerance for cinematic garbage to foil the plans of the scientist and to save the Earth .
Written by Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com }
NASA 's Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter sent its first images back to Earth after activating its cameras June 30 .
The LRO has both a low - resolution wide - angle camera and a high - resolution camera .
These shots were taken at the boundary between night and day , capturing shadows that exaggerate the terrain .
Though the surface appears very rough , it is actually similar to the highland area where Apollo 16 landed and explored with a rover .
One of the goals of the LRO mission is to scout potential landing sites for future missions .
It will also look for resources and characterize the lunar environment .
The orbiter has six other aptly named instruments :
The Lunar Exploration Neutron Detector will look for hydrogen that indicates water ice .
The Cosmic Ray Telescope for the Effects of Radiation will do as its name suggests .
The Miniature Radio Frequency will look for subsurface ice and map craters .
The Diviner Lunar Radiometer Experiment will map surface temperature .
The Lyman Alpha Mapping Project will use starlight to hunt for surface ice and take pictures of the dark recesses of craters .
" Accomplishing these significant milestones moves us closer to our goals of preparing for safe human return to the moon , mapping the moon in unprecedented detail , and searching for resources , " said LRO Project Scientist Richard Vondrak in a press release .
The LRO will get as close as 19 miles above the surface , but will spend most of its mission 31 miles up .
These pictures were taken to calibrate the cameras .
Images : NASA / Goddard Space Flight Center / Arizona State University
Note to parents strolling the High Line : Do n’t let your kids look up .
The Meatpacking District ’s newly opened , much - touted urban park along an elevated , former railroad trestle has unwittingly turned into a peep show near The Standard hotel , as randy hotel guests perform sex acts in front of floor - to - ceiling hotel windows .
Disgusted neighbors say they ’ve seen men masturbating , professional porn films being shot and couples engaging in sex in full view of the stunning High Line park path running alongside .
“ That crazy kind of behavior is completely unnecessary , ” complained Bobby Shoule , 37 , of Queens , the father of a 15 - month - old daughter .
Business neighbors also are disgusted .
“ I ’ve seen a few porn shoots — three dudes walking around a hotel room with cameras and lights filming a couple , ” said Joe , a manager at the next - door Brass Monkey .
“ I ’ve seen at least 10 different people having sex .
Saturday nights are the best time for the show . ”
The Standard ’s Facebook page bluntly encourages the explicit behavior .
“ We encourage you to exercise your inner exhibitionist .
Please share your intimate , and explicit photos with us — those floor to ceiling windows are n’t just for the views . . . ”
The hotel Web site beckons :
“ Whatever you do , just make sure the shots are HOT and that you get them to us in whichever way you can .
It ’s all about sex all the time , and you ’re our star . ”
After The Post contacted The Standard for comment , the posting was abruptly changed .
The 18 - floor hotel opened at the end of last year — with raunch - friendly ads .
“ We ’ll put up with your banging if you put up with ours , ” an ad declared , picturing a woman wearing nothing but a tool belt .
“ We saw a naked girl jumping up and down on a trampoline right in front of the window , ” said Shannon Brickner , who works at a boutique on West 13th Street .
“ From the street , I saw a man and a woman .
Everyone was looking up at them .
“ They were facing outwards , and I could see their backsides pressed up against the window .
I thought it was a photo shoot or porn . ”
Complained a waitress at the Brass Monkey , “ It ’s a free porn show .
“ You hear the cheering , then you look up and see naked people .
You get some people that do n’t realize .
Then you get the real exhibitionists . ”
Some unhappy passers - by were disgusted , too .
“ Recently , I saw a man masturbating in one of the windows , ” said one person who asked not to be identified .
“ That ’s when it left the funny side and moved to the gross , dark side . ”
Grandparent Gwen Barrett said the neighborhood has always been edgy .
“ That kind of stuff here is anticipated , ” she said .
Still , “ I definitely would n’t want to bring my grandkids here , ” she added .
City Council Speaker Christine Quinn told The Post she hopes to bring the show to an end .
“ The alleged actions of The Standard are unacceptable , ” she said in a statement .
She said she planned to “ follow up . . . to make sure they hear this message from the community . ”
The Standard hotel did not returns calls for comment .
Additional reporting by Kevin Fasick and Jamie Schram
Who said anything about landing ?
The unmanned surveillance plane that can fly for five years non-stop
It might look like alien technology but this aircraft is no UFO .
It 's an Odysseus solar - powered aircraft that aims to be able to stay in the air for over five years continuously .
It has a Z - wing configuration that spans almost 500 ft ( 150 metres ) so that the aircraft 's shape can be adjusted when in sunlight to absorb as much solar power as possible .
Then when it is in darkness , it flies flat in a straight line for aerodynamic efficiency with the energy collected stored in onboard batteries used to drive the aircraft 's electric motors .
Shape - shifter :
The Z-wing configuration allows the aircraft to absorb solar power when in sunlight
The aircraft is designed to fly at altitudes of 60,000 - 90,000 ft so it could be used for surveillance , communications and environmental monitorin g such as climate change research .
US company Aurora Flight Sciences have developed the unmanned aircraft under a programme called ' Vulture ' with the support of BAE Systems , CS Draper Laboratory , and the Sierra Nevada Corporation .
Now they have revealed the design of the aircraft , they will next create a half - size example and then a full - scale prototype within five years .
Flat out :
When in darkness , the aircraft flies in a straight line to conserve power
Syntax highlighting is very important especially when we want to show our code example on the blog .
By enabling the syntax highlighting on the blog , readers can read the code blocks easier .
There are a lot of free and useful syntax highlighting scripts around us .
Most of the scripts are written using Javascripts , though some of them are powered by other programming languages such as Phyton or Ruby .
Today , we are going to look into 9 Syntax Highlighting Scripts that powered by Javascript .
Related Topic : 8 Ways on How to Use MailChimp with Shopify
1. SyntaxHighlighter
I believe this is the most common syntax highlighting script used by most of us .
It supports a lot of different languages and you can easily create new “ brush ” for your language if it is not supported by default .
Check out the custom brushes list compiled by Abel Braaksma .
2. SHJS
SHJS stands for Syntax Highlighting in Javascript .
It uses language definations from GNU Source - highlight and support a lot of different programming languages .
SHJS has been tested and support major browsers sych as Firefox 2 and 3 , IE 6 and 7 , Opera 9.6 , Safari 3.2 and Chrome 1.0 .
3. beautyOfCode
beautyOfCode is a jQuery plugin for syntax highlighting .
It uses the SyntaxHighlighter scripts by Alex Gorbatchev and makes it more XHTML - compliant .
4. Chili
Chili is a jQuery code syntax highlighting plugin .
It comes bundled with recipes for a lot of languages and supports many configuration options .
5. Lighter.js
Lighter.js is a free syntax highlighting plugin for MooTools .
Using lighter.cs is as simple as adding a single script to your webpage .
6. Highlight.js
highlight.js is easy to use and supports a lot of programming languages .
It has some plugins for easily integrations to other CMS , forum or blog .
7. DlHighlight
DlHighlight is a simple syntax highlighting scripts that supports only 4 programming languages : JavaScript , CSS , XML , HTML .
8. Google Code Prettify
Google Code Prettify a Javascript module and CSS file that allows syntax highlighting of source code snippets in an html page .
It is the scripts wich powers code.google.com .
9. JUSH
JUSH is yet another jQuery syntax highlighting plugin which supports different programming languages such as HTML , CSS , PHP , PY and SQL .
If you use disposable razor blades , odds are they get dull more quickly than you 'd like .
Instructables points us to a video demonstration showing how to extend their utility with a pair of blue jeans .
Advertisement
The DIYer in the video says he 's kept the same disposable razor sharp for six months .
How ?
By taking a pair of jeans and running the razor up and down 10 to 20 times in one direction along the entire length of the jeans and then again in the opposite direction .
Apparently " the threads of the jeans run in a diagonal so switching directions allows for [ a ] balanced approach to fine tuning the blade 's edge . "
Check out the above video to see the tip in action , and while you 're getting more from your blades , remember that drying them can drastically increase their shelf life , too .
If you 've ever tried this method ( or a similar one ) , let 's hear how it worked out for you in the comments .
Advertisement
Extend the Life of Your Razor Blades Sick of dropping cash on new , pricey razor blades every few weeks because you can only get a couple Read more
How to Extend the Life of Your Razor Blade [ Instructables ]
Red Clay parents question district 's hybrid learning plans
Red Clay just revealed its back - to - school plan .
Some parents feel pressured into making a choice with little information .
Home > Archive > 2009 > August > 19
How to fix URL - shorteners Wednesday , August 19 , 2009 by Dave Winer .
First a few notes as a preamble .
1 . URL - shorteners are bad for the Internet .
They centralize linking , and make it more fragile , and more controllable .
Wait till the Chinese govt finds out about them .
2 . When bit.ly breaks , it will be an outage that may be bigger than Twitter going down .
Not only do we lose the present , but we lose the past too .
One big URL shortener that dominates the others is itself a dangerous thing .
3 . Twitter could and should obviate the need for URL - shorteners .
Yes I know SMS messages are limited to 160 chars .
So shorten the URLs at the SMS gateway and leave them long for communication over pathways that are not so limited .
Any engineer could see this obvious solution .
4 . For now URL - shorteners are a fact of life .
End of preamble .
Now to what is needed in URL - shorteners to work around the various issues they present .
It 's not so different from the problem with Feedburner , and the solution they used , and implemented quickly once it was known .
1 . CNAMEs .
It must be possible for the user to own and control the domain his or her URLs live at .
Technically , this means I register the domain name , and map a sub -domain to the URL - shortener site with a CNAME record .
Anyone who knows how to use Godaddy can do it .
I would be happy to write a howto that explains .
2 . Shared data .
The URL - shortener and the user share a space where the data is stored .
Joe Moreno at Adjix , who I have been working with , has figured out how to do it on Amazon S3 .
I have mapped a domain to an S3 bucket , and given his software permission to write to that bucket .
Here 's the key point .
At any time I can revoke the permission and my URLs still work .
Or Adjix could disappear , and the shortened URLs would still work .
With this method the only way there is linkrot is if S3 goes down .
Here 's a URL that links to a Flickr picture : http://tmp.loose.ly/jmxe
Obviously the sub -domain , tmp.loose.ly , is temporary .
But if you 're a techie , I encourage you to do a DNS lookup on tmp.loose.ly .
You 'll see it 's a CNAME to s3.amazonaws.com .
And get the contents of the file to see how it works .
It 's static .
Yet it still gathers statistics .
Yes , it 's unusual .
That 's why Joe was the only one to crack this nut .
He 's a creative guy .
It 's such a clean implementation that if I decide later to move the files to an Apache server on Linux , no problem .
I think basically Adjix has solved all the problems with URL - shorteners .
I hope other engineers poke at this and verify my conclusion or disprove them .
View the forum thread .
Recent stories
Dave Winer , 54 , pioneered the development of weblogs , syndication ( RSS ) , podcasting , outlining , and web content management software ; former contributing editor at Wired Magazine , research fellow at Harvard Law School , entrepreneur , and investor in web media companies .
A native New Yorker , he received a Master 's in Computer Science from the University of Wisconsin , a Bachelor 's in Mathematics from Tulane University and currently lives in Berkeley , California .
" The protoblogger . " - NY Times .
" The father of modern - day content distribution . " - PC World .
One of BusinessWeek 's 25 Most Influential People on the Web .
" Helped popularize blogging , podcasting and RSS . " - Time .
" The father of blogging and RSS . " - BBC .
" RSS was born in 1997 out of the confluence of Dave Winer 's ' Really Simple Syndication ' technology , used to push out blog updates , and Netscape 's ' Rich Site Summary ' , which allowed users to create custom Netscape home pages with regularly updated data flows . "
- Tim O'Reilly .
http://twitter.com/davewiner
Dave Winer
First armed police law set to pass
By Zhu Zhe ( China Daily )
Updated : 2009-08-25 07:43
Armed police on duty Monday in downtown Urumqi , capital of the Xinjiang Uygur autonomous region in Northwest China .
China 's top legislature is expected to pass the country 's first law on armed police , giving them legal backing to handle riots .
[ Photo by Zhou You / China Daily ]
Armed police , a major force to maintain State security and social stability , are set to get legal backing to help them handle riots .
The legislature is expected to pass the country 's first law on armed police on Thursday to make that possible .
" The security forces are facing increasingly complicated situations , especially after the July 5 riot in Xinjiang , which makes the adoption of such a law urgent , " said Li Wei , director of the center for counter - terrorism studies at the China Institutes of Contemporary International Relations .
The coming Oct 1 festivities will put pressure on the police , he said .
The revised draft of the armed police law was submitted to the top legislature for a second reading Monday , four months after its first review .
It makes clear that the armed police would be responsible for handling public security incidents such as " riots , unrest , large - scale violent crimes and terrorist attacks " .
The first draft only stated the team helps handle " public security incidents and terrorist attacks " .
The change is being made following suggestions from the local and central departments , said Liu Xirong , vice - chairman of the National People 's Congress ( NPC ) Law Committee .
" The armed police played a key role in handling the Lhasa riot last year and the riot in Xinjiang last month .
" Based on that experience , we 'd better make clear their responsibility in similar incidents , " Liu said .
Eighteen people were killed and hundreds injured in the riot in Lhasa , in the Tibet autonomous region , last March .
In the July 5 Urumqi riot , 197 were killed and more than 1,600 were injured .
In both incidents , armed police helped bring the situation under control .
The draft cancels a stipulation that authorizes county - level governments to mobilize and deploy armed police .
Instead , it says the mobilization and deployment of armed police should be in line with relevant rules from the State Council and Central Military Commission .
" At present , mass incidents are usually triggered by civil problems such as unemployment or house reallocation .
Once armed police are deployed , the conflicts may escalate , " the NPC 's legislative affairs commission said in a document .
The revised draft regulates the armed police 's behavior by saying they " cannot illegally detain or search people " .
Nor could they help cover crimes or turn a blind eye when other people are facing safety threats .
Liu said the NPC Law Committee considers the latest draft law " well - written " - it could be submitted for a vote on Thursday .
If so , the draft of the armed police law would have received only two readings at the top legislature .
A draft bill usually receives at least three readings before becoming a law , according to the Legislation Law .
Once adopted , the law would take effect immediately .
Legal experts said the shortened legislative procedure reflects the heavy security task that the armed police force is facing .
Dalielihan Mamihan , an NPC Standing Committee member and former vice - chairman of the Xinjiang regional government , said the detailed definition of " public security incidents " would make it easier for the police to determine their responsibilities .
Wu Shuangzhan , commander - in - chief of the armed police , in April called for quick adoption of such a law , as " it offers legal backing for the team 's performance " .
While ordinary police mainly deal with crime , armed police are a paramilitary force that shoulders heavier security duties , primarily responsible for the security of important places such as central government buildings , embassies and major public facilities .
Although medication does help control seizures in some epilepsy patients , it does n't have much of an effect on others .
A new system is designed to help the latter group , by at least letting them know when seizures are about to occur .
Portland loves the WordPress .
And we love the open source .
And that ’s why we love WordCamp Portland , arguably the largest gathering of WordPress enthusiasts and bloggers — who use the open source content management system and blogging platform — in the state of Oregon .
And when people think of open source content management systems , what ’s the first name that jumps to mind ?
It probably was n’t Microsoft .
In fact , that probably was n’t even in the top 10 .
Still , I ’m happy to report that they have signed on as the premier sponsor for WordCamp Portland .
And while this may strike you as strange bedfellows or keeping Portland weird or whatever , it actually carries with it some very positive repurcussions .
You see , apart from their showing support for open source and blogging and camp camp campity camping , what else is Microsoft ’s investment in WordCamp doing ?
It ’s bringing WordCamp Portland to the world .
That ’s right .
Thanks to Microsoft and Blaze Streaming Media , everyone will be able to see the WordCamp Portland sessions on the live stream .
While it ’s great that we have a sold out event for WordCamp Portland , it means that there are a lot of people who are n’t able to attend in person . …
[ W ] e ’re now pleased to announce that we ’ll be streaming as much of the event as possible .
Say what you may about that little company up in Redmond .
I think it ’s awesome that they ’ve taken the opportunity to fund WordCamp Portland and enable more people to attend — albeit virtually .
In fact , the only downside , in my opinion ?
It ’s a shame that WordCamp had to go out - of - state to get that level of support .
[ HTML1 ]
[ HTML2 ]
Like this : Like Loading ...
And the trailer is really funny , but is n't that always the way .
New Sensations ' 30 Rock : A XXX Parody seems to get the comedy of our favorite sitcom , and the chick playing Tina Fey is pretty hot too !
Her name is Lisa Ann ( who also played Sarah Palin ) , and she leads a bunch of adult actors doing very good impersonations of Tracy Morgan , Alec Baldwin , Jane Krakowski and the rest of the gang .
While we have n't seen any of the naked action , what comes between the scenes is dead - on .
If the actors can get that right , than delivering a relentless rogering should be easy .
Oh , and wait for " I 'm a black robot , motherfucker , " to be on a T - shirt in Times Square by the end of next week .
If you want to buy the movie , click here [ NSFW , unless you work in a strip club ] .
This new movie is the latest in a long line of smutty features based on beloved TV shows .
How did this happen ?
Well , porn producers figured out that people like prepackaged commodities and that if they made these parodies , then people like us would write about them and give them free advertising .
Damn , trapped again !
But this one appears really worth it .
We 're not falling into this trap again for The Fucks of Life .
Apple has been catching a lot of flack for their draconian app approval process , and for the most part , it 's a well - deserved takedown .
On our grass is greener side , Google has been looking pretty nice throughout the whole he -said , she - said battle between the FCC , Google , Apple , and AT&T and it 's looking even better now that details about how Google deals with Android apps in Android Market have been revealed .
To date , Android Market has only banned 1 % of the applications from its virtual shelves and none of those banned applications have their blood on Google 's hands .
Namely , the banning process begins with users flagging specific applications and then Google investigating the applications -- there is no pre-approval process for developers to jump through .
We , the Android users , decide what gets cut .
The most common reasons for removal are apps that contain adult content or violate copyright laws .
Though not having a pre-approval process can lead to a lot of shoddy and useless applications being passed through , we 'd much rather have it the Android way than Apple's .
Plus , Apple still has just as many fart apps as we do .
[ via moconews ]
U.S. archaeologists have found an extremely rare 2,000 - year - old limestone cup inscribed with 10 lines of Aramaic or Hebrew script near the Zion Gate of the Old City of Jerusalem .
Such ritual cups are common , especially in areas that were inhabited by priests , but usually they are unmarked or bear only a single line of text , such as a name , said archaeologist Shimon Gibson of the University of North Carolina at Charlotte , who led the dig along with James Tabor of the same school .
“ To have 10 lines of text is unprecedented , ” he said in announcing the find Wednesday .
Although the script itself is not eroded or otherwise degraded , he said , researchers are not yet able to decipher it because the text is in an informal cursive script and is apparently deliberately cryptic .
They know it contains the Hebrew word for God , YHWH or Yahweh , indicating it was probably important to the priests who used it in rituals .
Gibson expected it to take two to six months to understand its meaning .
Advertisement
The team has been digging in the Gan Sobev Homot Yerushalayim national park since June 14 .
The site , overlooking the Kidron and Hinnom valleys and the Mount of Olives , had not been excavated since the 1970s , when Israeli archaeologist Magen Broshi found a monumental Arabic inscription from the 13th century .
The new dig has produced a sequence of building remains dating from the founding of the Temple -- the center of ancient Judaism -- by King Solomon in 970 BC through the Early Islamic Period , which ended with the destruction of the Old City by Crusaders in AD 1099 .
From the Second Temple Period , from 573 BC to AD 70 , a housing complex with a mikvah or purification pool with a remarkably well - preserved vaulted ceiling was found .
Inside the house were three bread ovens dating to AD 70 , the year the Roman emperor Titus and his troops sacked the city .
Advertisement
This area was believed to be a priestly habitat , confirmed by the discovery of 10 murex snail shells used to produce the ox - blood - red argaman dye used on priestly garments .
On the level immediately above this , the researchers found the remains of a fire pit made by someone who stayed on the site shortly after its destruction .
They also found a large arched building with a mosaic floor from the Byzantine Period ( AD 135 to 638 ) that was preserved to a height of about 10 feet .
They believe it is part of the building complex or a street associated with the nearby Church of St. Mary .
--
Advertisement
thomas.maugh@latimes.com
Director Claudio Fragasso is still angry about the film 's poor reception .
He crashed a cast reunion Q&A .
After he was escorted out of the room , he heckled the cast from the hallway , calling them " liars " and " dogs " as they answered fan questions .
See more
Alternate Versions
There is one slight inconsistency between the VHS version and the DVD version .
In the VHS , when sheriff Gene Freak gives Drew the sandwich , after Drew bites into it he says " thank you sheriff this is good " .
But in the DVD , you see him mouthing " thank you sheriff this is ... " and then you hear the word " good " .
In other words , they muted the words " thank you sheriff this is " on the DVD version .
However , this was later corrected for Scream Factory 's Blu - Ray release .
See more
Yes .
Of course .
I would n't stop to ask his religion first .
I would haul the guy off the cliff with no hesitation because that 's the kind of person i am .
The sad thing is that if the question was the opposite there would be far too many christians willing to push the atheist off the cliff without hesitation .
Very sad .
Former Irish president Mary Robinson accused " certain elements " of the Jewish community of bullying after a number of pro-Israel lobby groups voiced concerns over her being awarded the top US civilian honour .
US President Barack Obama has come under fire from a number of pro-Israeli online sources for honouring Ms Robinson with the Presidential Medal of Freedom .
But Ms Robinson hit back yesterday at what she described as allegations " totally without foundation " of her condoning anti-Semitic behaviour at the Durban World Conference Against Racism in 2001 .
" It 's totally without foundation but when stuff is out on the internet , I 'm not quite sure what you can do , " Ms Robinson told RTE Radio One yesterday .
Ms Robinson insisted that she never supported any anti-Semitism and cited her decision at the conference to reject a civil society document which she deemed racist .
" There 's a lot of bullying by certain elements of the Jewish community .
They bully people who try to address the severe situation in Gaza and the West Bank .
Archbishop Desmond Tutu gets the same criticism . "
Ms Robinson said she was " very honoured " to be awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom .
Belfast Telegraph
Jeśli chcesz dowiedzieć się więcej o handlu możesz przeczytać o tym tutaj .
W zeszłym roku Amy Novogratz zgromadziła hodowcę wodorostów , właściciela wylęgarni ostryg , twórcę chipsów z suszonych skórek łososia , zaopatrzeniowca z branży spożywczej , restauratora i reportera na kolację w jej lofcie na Manhattanie .
Podczas gdy jej goście delektowali się arktycznym golcem ( gatunek ryby z rodziny łososiowatych – przyp . red. ) gotowanym w szafranie z pomidorami i pistacjowym pesto , wstała , by wyjaśnić pochodzenie ryby .
Była to Matorka , farma w Grindavík na Islandii , która przy użyciu energii geotermalnej hoduje w zbiornikach na lądzie ryby wolne od antybiotyków .
W 2016 r. , kiedy fundusz Aqua - Spark ( należący do Novogratz ) zainwestował w Matorkę 2,5 mln dol. , farma produkowała zaledwie 50 ton ryb rocznie .
Do czasu wspomnianej kolacji w 2019 r. Matorka miała sprzedaż na poziomie trzech tysięcy ton , w tym dla sławnego szefa kuchni Nobu Matsuhisy oraz amerykańskiej firmy dostarczającej artykuły spożywcze FreshDirect .
Kiedy uderzyła pandemia koronawirusa , sprzedaż Matorki do restauracji spadła , dlatego Aqua - Spark pomógł jej poprzez pożyczkę pomostową w wysokości 750 tys.
dol . - Marka wróciła teraz na dobre tory – wyjaśnia Novogratz .
Jej zdaniem do 2022 r. Matorka osiągnie sprzedaż na poziomie sześciu tysięcy ton . -
To naprawdę dobre miejsce , w którym można kontrolować produkcję , poznać swój rynek , klienta i śledzić dosłownie wszystko – dodaje .
Matorka to farma w Grindavík na Islandii , która przy użyciu energii geotermalnej hoduje w zbiornikach na lądzie ryby wolne od antybiotyków Fot. : Materiały prasowe / Matorka
Niepełnosprawna kobieta , która usprawnia branżę akwakultury
45 - letnia Novogratz sama też jest w idealnym miejscu .
Dziesięć lat temu zdiagnozowano u niej guza mózgu , a lekarze ostrzegali ją , że może by ć dla niej śmiertelny .
Przeszła ryzykowną , 20 - godzinną operację wycięcia guza , po której ma problemy z równowagą i poruszaniem się – prócz tego wskutek wypadku w dzieciństwie Novogratz nie widzi na jedno oko .
Dziś ona i jej 50 - letni mąż Mike Velings prowadzą Aqua - Spark , holenderski fundusz zrównoważonej akwakultury , który przyciągnął 148 mln dol. od 190 inwestorów z 29 krajów .
Obejmują one ImpactAssets , fundusz obsługujący darczyńców z siedzibą w Bethesda w stanie Maryland ( umożliwia on osobom fizycznym lokowanie swoich wkładów w inwestycje mające wpływ na zysk przed ostateczną dystrybucją pieniędzy do działających organizacji charytatywnych ) oraz Louis Dreyfus Company , giganta towarowego kontrolowanego przez szwajcarską miliarderkę Margaritę Louis - Dreyfus .
Sama Novogratz ma znaczące koneksje .
Jej starsza siostra Jacqueline jest założycielk ą i dyrektorem generalnym pionierskiego funduszu inwestycyjnego Acumen oraz żoną Chrisa Andersona , szefa TED Talks .
Z kolei jej brat Michael jest byłym miliarderem , inwestującym w makrofinansowe fundusze hedgingowe , który stał się wybitnym inwestorem kryptowalut .
W czerwcu ubiegłego roku udziały Aqua - Spark w 19 spółkach wyceniono na 180 mln dol .
W 2019 r. fundusz wykazał wewnętrzną stopę zwrotu netto ( IRR ) na poziomie 21,75 proc .
- imponującą , zwłaszcza biorąc pod uwagę , że nie ma tu uwzględnionej rocznej opłaty w wysokości 1 proc. i 20 proc. zysków , które trafiają do spółki zarządzającej , która w 60 proc. należy do Novogratza i jej męża ( właścicielami pozostałych 40 proc. jest fundacja należąca do małżeństwa oraz pracownicy ) .
Pomimo pandemii Novogratz spodziewa się , że IRR w tym roku przekroczy 20 proc .
Brudna branża
Mówiąc prościej , Aqua - Spark to rybka w światowej branży akwakultury wartej 265 mld dol .
Sektor ten dostarcza obecnie ponad połowę wszystkich owoców morza produkowanych do spożycia przez ludzi .
Jednak Aqua -Spark , jako pierwszy i największy fundusz inwestycyjny na świecie poświęcony wyłącznie akwakulturze przyjaznej dla środowiska , wywiera ponadprzeciętny wpływ na branżę .
Amy Novogratz zdecydowała wraz z mężem się na branżę akwakultury , ponieważ niewielu inwestorów interesowało się tym dużym i niespokojnym rynkiem .
Niektóre farmy rybne w rzeczywistości potęgowały tylko problem przełowienia ryb na wolności , wykorzystując dzikie ryby jako paszę Fot. : Materiały prasowe / Aqua-Spark
Na przykład w 2015 r. , w ramach swojej pierwszej inwestycji , Aqua - Spark przelał 3,4 mln dol .
na konto Calysta , start - up ’u z Doliny Krzemowej , który produkuje nowatorską mączkę rybną .
Calysta wykorzystuje sfermentowane drobnoustroje , będące produktem ubocznym produkcji gazu ziemnego , do tworzenia paszy dla ryb , która jest lepsza dla środowiska niż dostępne na rynku wersje na bazie ryb lub soi .
Pieniądze od Aqua - Spark pomogły w opłaceniu pilotażowego zakładu , co z kolei pomogło firmie Calysta przyciągnąć 150 mln dol .
dodatkowych inwestycji , w tym od firm Cargill i BP Ventures .
Obecnie start - up buduje fabrykę w Chinach , która ma produkować 20 tys .
ton paszy rocznie - co może zmienić zasady gry na światowym rynku pasz dla ryb o wartości 40 mld dol .
- Kiedy poznałem Novogratz i Velings , powiedziałem im , że może to zająć 10 lat .
Oni naprawdę mają zaufanie - wspomina Alan Shaw , współzałożyciel i dyrektor generalny Calysta .
Dzięki długodystansowemu podejściu , Aqua - Spark nie sprzedał jeszcze ani jednego holdingu .
Oczekuje , że firmy z jego portfela będą płacić wszystkim pracownikom wystarczającą na utrzymanie pensję i priorytetowo traktować przejrzystość wyników naukowych .
Kilka z jego inwestycji dotyczy gospodarstw , które muszą minimalizować stosowanie antybiotyków i chemikaliów oraz ograniczać zrzuty zanieczyszczeń .
- Akwakultura była postrzegana jako bardzo brudny , pełen chorób przemysł .
( Novogratz i Velings ) zmienili sposób myślenia i uczynili z niej inwestycję - mówi Lisa Kleissner , inwestorka , która zasiada w zarządzie Aqua - Spark .
Jak Amy Novogratz znalazła się w branży akwakultury
Novogratz jest szóstym z siedmiorga rodze ństwa , którego ojciec , pułkownik armii amerykańskiej , oczekiwał , że w weekendy będą wstawać o 6 rano .
Po studiach teatralnych na Uniwersytecie Nowojorskim odbyła staż w Waszyngtonie , badając strategie polityczne dotyczące nastoletnich matek , a następnie podjęła pracę ze swoim szwagrem i zarządzała wydarzeniem TED Prize , czyli coroczną nagrodą przyznawaną osobie stojącej za pojedynczą ideą zmiany świata .
W ten sposób wiosną 2010 r. Novogratz znalazła się na statku badawczym na Galapagos .
Była to wycieczka łącząca wykłady o ochronie oceanów i nurkowanie .
Podczas tej podróży poznała Velingsa , holenderskiego przedsiębiorcę , który założył swój pierwszy biznes w wieku 18 lat .
Ryby można wyprodukować przy użyciu 1/ 5 ilości paszy , jaka jest potrzebna do produkcji wołowiny Fot. : Materiały prasowe / Aqua-Spark
Ich związek rozkwitał przez następne siedem miesięcy , ale Novogratz zaczęła mieć niepokojące ataki .
W październiku otrzymała diagnozę guza mózgu .
Po operacji Velings oświadczył się przy jej łóżku szpitalnym .
Zgodziła się , ale powiedziała , że potrzebuje czasu , aby odzyskać swoje życie - musiała ponownie nauczy ć się chodzić .
Po kilku miesiącach Novogratz wróciła do pracy w TED .
- Było o wiele za wcześnie - przyznaje teraz .
Wreszcie konferencja TEDx zaplanowana w Doha w Katarze sprawiła , że zrobiła krok dalej .
- Nie mogłem nawet chodzić po piasku , a zgodziłem się poprowadzić warsztaty na pustyni .
To było szale ństwo - mówi .
Kupiła bilet do Holandii , gdzie wraz z Velingsem zaczęli wspólnie budować życie i firmę .
Duet wybrał akwakulturę , ponieważ niewielu inwestorów interesowało się tym dużym i niespokojnym rynkiem .
Niektóre farmy rybne w rzeczywistości potęgowały tylko problem przełowienia ryb na wolności , wykorzystując dzikie ryby jako paszę .
Jak wyjaśnia Novogratz , bardziej zrównoważone farmy , o ile istniały , „ sprzedawały się na naprawdę małe , ekskluzywne rynki jako towary premium ” i miały niewielki dostęp do kapitału zewnętrznego .
Razem z mężem spotykali się z dziesiątkami potencjalnych inwestorów z Doliny Krzemowej oraz z Europy i czekali na oficjalne rozpoczęcie zbierania funduszy we wrześniu 2013 r.
Wtedy jednak w ich życiu wydarzyła się kolejna tragedia - Novogratz urodziła pierwsze dziecko w lipcu 2013 r. , zaledwie miesiąc później niemowlę zmarło .
Start funduszu został przełożony .
Pod koniec 2014 r. Novogratz urodziła drugie dziecko ( ona i Velings mają teraz troje zdrowych dzieci ) , a para miała zobowiązania na ponad 8 mln dol. od 26 inwestorów .
Początkowe koszty operacyjne pokryli 4 mln dol .
z własnych pieniędzy .
Oboje mówią , że chcą mieć od 60 do 80 firm w portfelu Aqua - Spark , czyli ponad trzy razy więcej niż obecnie .
Na pocz ątku obawiali się , że nie będzie wystarczaj ąco dużej liczby przedsiębiorstw z możliwością inwestycji , a teraz aktywnie śledzą co najmniej 1550 .
Pomimo swojej niepełnosprawności , Novogratz rzuciła się na poszukiwanie perspektyw , wspina się po drabinach łodzi w Wietnamie i chodzi po platformach służących do karmienia , które zlokalizowane są nad wodami rojącymi się od krokodyli w Mozambiku .
- Bywa , że się wycofuję , ale głównie sama siebie popycham do przodu – mówi .
Chociaż pandemia obecnie uniemożliwia im dokonywanie wizyt na miejscu , Novogratz i Velings są niezrażeni , wykonując swoją należytą staranność zdalnie .
- Wszystko , co przeszliśmy , pcha nas do przodu - mówi .
Loading ...
▾ Book descriptions
Including many of the greatest stories ever told - the labours of Hercules , the voyage of the Argonauts , Theseus and the minotaur , Midas and his golden touch , the Trojan War and Odysseus 's journey home - Robert Graves 's superb and comprehensive retelling of the Greek myths for a modern audience has been regarded for over fifty years as the definitive version .
With a novelist 's skill and a poet 's eye , Graves draws on the entire canon of ancient literature , bringing together all the elements of every myth into one epic and unforgettable story .
Ideal for the first time reader , it can be read as a single , continuous narrative , while full commentaries , with cross-references , interpretations , variants and explanations , as well as a comprehensive index of names , make it equally valuable as a work of scholarly reference for anyone seeking an authoritative and detailed account of the gods , heroes and extraordinary events that provide the bedrock of Western literature .
The result is a classic among classics , a treasure trove of extraordinary tales and a masterful work of literature in its own right .
Scientifica Phenomena is a site dedicated to exploring science .
We look at the new discoveries , and discuss the basic concepts .
We want to make science accessible to everyone , not just those who already have a passion for it .
If you have a question about any science topics , or just comments / questions / suggestions in general , leave a comment or use the Contact Us form .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - U.S. home foreclosure activity galloped to a record in the first half of the year , overwhelming broad efforts to remedy failing loans while job losses escalated .
A " For Sale - Bank Owned " sign sits in front of a home in Pontiac , Michigan , June 19 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Rebecca Cook
Foreclosure filings jumped to a record 1.9 million on more than 1.5 million properties in the first six months of the year , RealtyTrac said on Thursday .
The number of properties drawing filings , which include notices of default and auctions , jumped 9.0 percent from the second half of 2008 and almost 15 percent from the first half of last year .
“ Despite everybody ’s best efforts to date we ’re not really making any headway against the problem , ” Rick Sharga , senior vice president at RealtyTrac in Irvine , California , said in an interview .
Loans that were temporarily frozen by various state and federal programs , which mostly ended in March , started pushing through the process in the past three months .
One in every 84 households with loans got at least one foreclosure filing in the first half of this year .
“ I do n’t think this suggests the economy is any worse than anyone expected but I certainly do n’t think it shows by itself any signs of improvement , ” Sharga said .
President Obama ’s housing rescue is gaining momentum in refinancing troubled borrowers with higher - rate loans and modifying untenable terms for others .
But the programs have been off to a slow start and in some cases will be too late or not enough to help severely struggling homeowners , industry analysts agree .
Private sector efforts to alter loans terms have made headway but are facing an uphill battle as the unemployment rate heads to double digits .
Problems emanating from loans made when standards were much looser have taken a back seat to defaults stemming from job losses and wage cuts .
“ Unemployment - related foreclosures account for much of this increased activity , and the high number of borrowers who find themselves owing more on their mortgages than their homes are now worth represent a potentially significant future risk , ” James J. Saccacio , Realty Trac chief executive , in a statement .
In June , as home prices continued to fall , albeit more slowly , foreclosure filings rose 5.0 percent from May and 33 percent from a year earlier .
June ’s foreclosure activity was the third highest on record , and the fourth straight month of filings on more than 300,000 properties .
“ If we ’re really going to slow down the inflow of new foreclosure activity we are probably going to need to see more aggressive and more integrated activity between the lending community and the government , ” Sharga said .
The Treasury Department asked the largest 25 mortgage servicers last week to appoint a special liaison to work directly with government officials aiming to thwart defaults .
RealtyTrac forecasts about 4 million total filings this year on 3.2 million households with loans , which means little improvement from the first - half performance .
The prior record was 3.1 million filings last year , up from a more typical year when about 800,000 foreclosure actions would be made .
The highest unemployment rate in nearly 26 years is the biggest factor keeping homeowners from staying current on monthly payments , Sharga said .
But there could also be a whiplash caused by “ the big white elephant in the middle of the room ” -- option ARMs , or adjustable rate mortgages with the option to make minimum payments .
“ A lot of them are going to be seriously upside down , probably at least 40 percent upside down . ”
That would mean a borrower owes at least 40 percent more on the mortgage than the home is worth .
A new U.S. program enabling borrowers are up to 25 percent upside down to refinance their loans would not be enough to help most option option ARM holders , Sharga said .
States where sales and prices soared most in the five - year housing boom early this decade stayed hardest hit in the first half of 2009 .
Nevada remained the state with the highest foreclosure rate , with one in every 16 housing units with a loan getting a foreclosure filing .
Arizona , Florida and California followed .
Other states in the top 10 were Utah , Georgia , Michigan , Illinois , Idaho and Colorado .
California was the state with the highest total number of foreclosure filings in the first half , with actions taken on 391,611 properties , or one in every 34 housing units with mortgages .
One could actually write a whole article simply on the Franken - Stewart faction ’s attitude toward religion .
In their world , the expressions Christian right or Moral Majority are automatic laugh cues , and there is a huge amount of soft - core borscht - belt stuff like this ( from Franken ) on page 205 of The Truth :
If it had n’t been for Social Security , I never would have met Franni in Boston my freshman year , deflowered her , and gotten her to renounce the Pope .
But I digress .
And this , from pages 1 and 2 of Jon Stewart ’s Naked Pictures of Famous People ( his book America also carries a rib - tickling cover - line promise of Supreme Court justices posing nude ) in a painfully unfunny essay / sketch titled “ Breakfast at Kennedy ’s , ” set this time in Connecticut , at Choate :
That ’s where Jack and I bonded .
I was the only Jew .
My father ran the commissary so I was allowed to attend school there .
My room , or the Yeshiva , as Jack called it ( he really was n’t prejudiced and would often defend me to the others as a “ terrific yid ” ) , was a meeting - place and a hotbed for hatching great pranks …
I ’m sure the ample supply of brisket and whitefish from Dad helped .
And in a more goyish form from Stephen Colbert , by no means to be outdone , on page 56 of I Am America :
Now , I have nothing but respect for the Jewish people .
Since the Bible is 100 % the true Word of God , and the Jews believe in the Old Testament , that means Judaism is 50 % right .
If you chance to like this sort of thing , then this is undoubtedly the sort of thing you will like .
It certainly works very well with audiences who laugh not because they find something to be funny , but to confirm that they are — and who can doubt it ? — cool enough to “ get ” the joke .
What you will not find , in any of this output , is anything remotely “ satirical ” about the pulpit of the Reverend Jeremiah Wright , or any straight - faced , eyebrow - raising ( and studio - audience - thigh - slap - triggering ) mention of , say , The New York Times ’s routine practice of captioning Al Sharpton as “ the civil rights activist . ”
Baudelaire wrote that the devil ’s greatest achievement was to have persuaded so many people that he does n’t exist : liberal platitudinousness must be a bit like that to those who suffer from it without quite acknowledging that there is such a syndrome to begin with .
I myself would have voted for Franken if I lived in Minnesota , if only because he must be among the best - read and best - informed people to have recently run for the upper chamber , as well as one of the very few with whom one might also expect to pass an amusing evening .
It took me a while to appreciate the paradox that lies at the center of the senator ’s so - far published work .
He is really quite witty — which is much better than being funny — when he is being purely political .
But he is barely even funny when funny is all he is trying to be .
See if the following causes you to smile .
It ’s taken from his inaugural address , on page 223 of Why Not Me ?
As the Mandingo buck , Mede , says in the movie after he has been brought to James Mason ’s plantation to be used as breeding stock , “ Massa , it beez wrong to sell a nigger like a plow horse . ”
He ’s right .
It does beez wrong .
It beez very wrong .
These words are as true today as when Ken Norton said them twenty - six short years ago .
And I am here today to say that it was wrong to hunt escaped slaves down on horseback ; it was wrong to boil slaves alive ; and it was wrong to sell a black woman merely because her breasts had grown too droopy .
Jeepers .
Of course the “ irony ” is that the passage is supposed to make you cringe a bit , but this crucially lowered and degraded definition of what is ironic is accidentally confessed a touch later on in the same book , when Franken is writing in his own voice :
“ Ironic distance ” is not [ Al ]
Gore ’s problem .
Not that he does n’t have a well - developed sense of irony .
He actually has a terrific sense of humor .
See , there ’s your problem .
A sense of irony is to be carefully , indeed strictly , distinguished from the possession of a funny bone .
Irony is not air - quote finger - marks , as if to say “ Just kidding ” when in fact one is not quite kidding .
( Does anyone ever say “ Just kidding ” when in fact only kidding ? )
Bathos is not irony , though Franken and Stewart and Colbert seem unaware of this .
Irony usually partakes of some element of the unintended consequence .
How might I give an illustration of the laws of unintended consequences ?
Let us imagine that Senator Franken composed a chapter about government lying and cover -up , which involved the use of the irresistibly hilarious instance of Sandy Berger , President Clinton ’s former national security adviser , being caught red-handed as he stuffed his pants with classified papers from the National Archives .
In a capital city that witnesses quite frequent alternations of power between the two main parties , what will be the chances that fiasco and corruption occur at the expense of only one of them ?
Yet meticulous care is taken by the senator to make sure that no such “ fair and balanced ” laughter is ever evoked , which is quite a sacrifice for a comedian .
Consistency of this kind allows no spontaneity , let alone irony .
It might even go some way to explaining the howling success of the “ Air America ” network , the collapsing - scenery rival to the right - wing dictatorship exerted over the rest of the ether .
A geological survey of Victoria has uncovered a new golden triangle , north of the state 's traditional goldfields , near Ballarat .
The resource manager at GeoScience Victoria , Paul McDonald , says there could be enough gold in the new field to double the state 's historical output .
" We 've found that there 's over 70 million ounces of gold , " he said .
" The amount of gold produced in Victoria over the last 150 years is about 80 million ounces , and that 's found in rock sort of poking out of the ground .
" And we 've identified the same set of rocks heading north , what we call undercover of some Murray Basin sediments and the same rocks exist , so the potential for the same amount of gold exists in those rocks .
" In today 's pricing , gold is around about $ 1,150 an ounce , so times that by 70 million and I think it would be up around sort of $ 80 billion or so . "
Mr McDonald says the new golden triangle is located north of the old gold rush towns , and could lead to a new gold rush in Victoria .
" If you think of Ballarat and Bendigo and Stawell , so the traditional sort of goldfields , the new goldfield towns could be Swan Hill down to Hamilton and across to Shepparton , " he said .
" That could be the new golden triangle . "
Live Fast
Rose Swan and Eddie Dawson met in a malt shop just outside of Tuscaloosa on a Friday night in 1958 .
This is their story .
It is fun .
A notorious New Jersey hate blogger charged in June with threatening to kill judges and lawmakers was secretly an FBI " agent provocateur " paid to disseminate right - wing rhetoric , his attorney said Wednesday .
Hal Turner , the blogger and radio personality , remains jailed pending charges over his recent online rants , which prosecutors claim amounted to an invitation for someone to kill Connecticut lawmakers and Chicago federal appeals court judges .
But behind the scenes the reformed white supremacist was holding clandestine meetings with FBI agents who taught him how to spew hate " without crossing the line , " according to his lawyer , Michael Orozco .
" Almost everything was at the behest of the Federal Bureau of Investigation , " Orozco said in a 45 - minute telephone interview from New Jersey .
" Their job was to pick up information on the responses of what he was saying and see where that led them .
It was an interesting dynamic on what he was being asked to do . "
" He 's a devoted American , " added the lawyer , who claims Turner was paid " tens of thousands of dollars " for his service .
Bill Carter , an FBI spokesman , said in a telephone interview the bureau 's policy is " to neither confirm nor deny whether an individual has an association with the FBI . "
Turner 's alleged 5 - year - long bureau stint ended sometime in 2007 , Orozco said , the year the mischievous online group , Anonymous , briefly shuttered his site – turnerradionetwork .
blogspot.com – with a denial of service attack .
At the time , hackers also posted what appeared to be private e-mails between Turner and the FBI .
The e-mails are legitimate , said Orozco .
The FBI approached Turner , now 47 , in 2002 , and he spewed rhetoric about politics , white supremacy , immigration , abortion and other hot - button issues for years in exchange for government cash .
Turner was arrested in June at his apartment in suburban New Jersey .
According to court documents , ( .pdf ) after a three - judge panel of the Chicago - based 7th U.S. Circuit of Appeals upheld a Chicago handgun ban , he blogged that the judges should be " killed . "
" Let me be the first to say this plainly :
These judges deserve to be killed .
Their blood will replenish the tree of liberty .
A small price to pay to assure freedom for millions , " he wrote .
A day later he posted addresses , photos , maps and other identifying information about Chief Judge Frank Easterbrook and Judges Richard Posner and William Bauer , the authorities said .
State charges are also pending in Hartford , Connecticut , where Turner is accused of inciting readers to " take up arms " against state lawmakers .
Though the alleged threats came after his FBI service ended , Orozco said Turner 's relationship with the FBI is relevant to his defense .
" It is not trivial that the very government that trained an individual where the line was is prosecuting him when he has not stepped over the line , " Orozco said .
In addition , he is banking ( .pdf ) on the First Amendment to save his client 's skin .
" It 's a protected political statement .
He opined , " Orozco said .
" He said they deserved to be killed .
He did not say grab a gun and go out and do what is necessary . "
See Also :
Enlarge " Cheap : The High Cost of Discount Culture " by Ellen Ruppel Shell ; Penguin Press , 296 pages , $ 25.95 .
America was not always obsessed with low prices , writes Atlantic Monthly correspondent Ellen Ruppel Shell , but over the past century our thirst for bargains has transformed the world 's economy — and not necessarily for the better .
Cheap : The High Cost of Discount Culture explores the effects of our focus on low price .
The idea sprang from a trip to a shoe store .
After being shown a pricey pair of Italian leather boots , Shell opted for Chinese imports at one - fourth the price .
The boots , not surprisingly uncomfortable , were soon thrown in the closet " where they landed in a heap of other unwearable ' good deals ' ... a bargain hunter 's pile of shame . "
The lust for low prices has its roots in the late 19th century , when Wanamaker , Woolworth and Sears began offering goods at much lower prices than smaller merchants .
The focus on low prices often meant that quality was less important .
" This pushed hard against the American tradition of frugality , where price was only one consideration , " Shell writes .
" Historically , Americans sought durable long - lasting goods that they could pass among themselves and down to their children . "
Where re-heeling shoes and darning socks were once common , cheap goods became more disposable , allowing the common man to buy a new pair of shoes when the old ones wore out .
Although critics derided low - quality goods , discount shopping soon lost its stigma and became the norm .
In the 1960s , Shell writes , the discount format took over American retailing .
" The focus switched from the object to the deal :
If the deal was good , the object under consideration became less critical to the transaction . "
Ads from the 1960s trumpeted low prices of goods from radios to dolls to fruitcakes , without a clue about the brand .
Craftsmanship was falling prey not only to price , but to convenience as well .
In 1956 , carpenter Gillis Lundgren was hired to build and deliver a table to a local furniture dealer .
Unable to fit the table in his car , Lundgren pulled the legs off .
The idea struck the furniture dealer , Ingvar Kamprad , who went on to found Ikea .
The furniture retailer has grown by adopting cost - cutting ideas such as " flat packing , " which transferred the time and effort of delivery and assembly from the craftsman to the customer .
Shell calls it " one of the great marketing gambits of the 20th century : the discreet transfer of costs from seller to buyer . "
With furniture designed to sell at low prices , the idea of furniture as heirlooms is becoming obsolete .
Of course , design is not the same as craftsmanship .
" When these objects break , we do n't ask for sympathy , " Shell writes .
" We expected it to happen . "
Some economists and politicians have argued that discount goods benefit America 's poor .
Shell disagrees .
Prices on necessities are rarely lowered much , she says .
Second , low prices at stores such as Walmart depend on paying low wages to workers , who in turn can't afford to shop anywhere else .
" The poor benefit the discounting industry far more than the discounting industry benefits the poor , " she writes .
As for food , a focus on low prices over quality can mean Gulf of Mexico shrimp are pushed from the market by frozen Asian fare .
And the stress on low prices can result in a lack of concern for food safety , as evidenced by e. coli-ridden factory farms and the more than 1,900 Chinese food shipments rejected by the Food and Drug Administration from July 2006 through June 2007 .
The book is an engaging exploration of the ways cheapness is making our lives worse .
What 's more , it conveys how difficult it would be for Americans to abandon their focus on low prices .
Reading this book , however , might be a good first step .
Seth Brown is author of Rhode Island Curiosities .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
As he had done at the Pentagon and Ford , Mr. McNamara sought to remake the bank .
When he arrived on April 1 , 1968 , the bank was lending about $ 1 billion a year .
That figure grew until it stood at $ 12 billion when he left in 1981 .
By that time the bank oversaw some 1,600 projects valued at $ 100 billion in 100 nations , including hydroelectric dams , superhighways and steel factories .
The ecological effects of these developments , however , had not been taken into account .
In some cases , corruption in the governments that the bank sought to help undid its good intentions .
Many poor nations , overwhelmed by their debts to the bank , were not able to repay loans .
The costs of Mr. McNamara ’s work thus sometimes outweighed the benefits , and that led to a concerted political attack on the bank itself during the 1980s .
Mr. McNamara saw some of these problems as they developed and shifted the emphasis of the bank ’s lending toward smaller projects  irrigation , seeds and fertilizer , paving farm - to - market roads .
But progress was often hard to measure .
At the end of his tenure , the bank estimated that the world ’s poorest numbered 800 million , an increase of 200 million over the decade .
Public Contrition
Mr. McNamara left the bank when he turned 65 , after his wife died , and for a time he tried to unwind and get away , taking a 140 - mile hike up to the 18,000 - foot level of Mount Everest .
But within two years , he began to speak out against the nuclear arms race .
In 1995 , 14 years after leaving public life , he published his denunciation of the Vietnam War and his role in it , “ In Retrospect : The Tragedy and Lessons of Vietnam ” ( Times Books / Random House ) , for which he was denounced in turn .
Unlike any other secretary of defense , Mr. McNamara struggled in public with the morality of war and the uses of American power .
“ We are the strongest nation in the world today , ” Mr. McNamara said in “ The Fog of War , ” released at the time of the 2003 invasion of Iraq .
“ I do not believe that we should ever apply that economic , political , and military power unilaterally .
If we had followed that rule in Vietnam , we would n’t have been there .
None of our allies supported us .
Not Japan , not Germany , not Britain or France .
If we ca n’t persuade nations with comparable values of the merit of our cause , we ’d better re-examine our reasoning . ”
“ War is so complex it ’s beyond the ability of the human mind to comprehend , ” he concluded .
“ Our judgment , our understanding , are not adequate .
And we kill people unnecessarily . ”
Nobody wants to expose their head while shooting around a corner , and there have been plenty of attempts to solve the problem from WWIIto the present day .
The latest solution : a lightweight gun camera for shooting around corners with built - in night vision .
It 's meant for Special Forces , this Smartsight is still on the secret list – though open - source documents give a pretty good idea of its capabilities .
Ten years in development , Smartsight features a camera in a seven - inch tube that clips to the barrel of an M4 SOPMOD carbine .
The image , with an overlaid target crosshairs , is sent back wirelessly to a computer carried by the shooter , linked to small heads - up video display over the left eye .
There are a couple of key advantages to this setup .
First , it 's wireless , so you can reach anywhere with the rifle – over a wall , through a hatch in the floor , around a corner , down a pipe – without any limitations of reach or getting tangled in cables .
Unlike the other alternatives , your head does n’t need to be anywhere near the weapon .
Secondly , it has its own covert illumination , courtesy of a built - in infra-red laser .
Use a periscope inside a tunnel and all you see is darkness .
With Smartsight you can see the bad guys first , without them seeing you .
If you look at Smartsight as just another wireless video camera , you might wonder why it took so long and cost so much to get it working .
The initial contract was granted in 1999 , and since then development has cost over $ 3.5 million .
In an interview with his local paper , the Union Democrat , SmartSight developer Matthew Hegarty of Landtec Inc. explains that building the 12 - pound prototype was relatively easy .
The hard part was making it small , light and rugged enough to be useful in the field .
Special Forces already carry a huge amount of equipment , and the last thing they want is another 12 pounds added to the load .
The new version is down to half a pound , and waterproofed to two atmospheres .
The other hard part was getting funding : SmartSight ended up being a " Congressional add - on " after Hegarty got his local Representative to take an interest in the development .
So the military themselves may not have been demanding the product ... but Hegarty 's campaign donations to the said Congressman suggest his appreciation .
There were also some refinements to the wireless video signal to prevent jamming or interference , plus making sure it was compatible with other pieces of kit .
The system has a built - in video recorder for post- mission analysis , and by beaming the signal back to commanders the Smartsight can provide real - time surveillance and mission planning .
In theory , a sniper could line up a target in the video crosshairs and ask headquarters for confirmation that this was the right individual before pulling the trigger .
( In practice I rather doubt it . )
It 's easy to think of tactical uses for the Smartsight , and it 's sure to be on a lot of people 's wish list .
The nearest thing to Smartsight on the open market is the Guncam , produced by Macroswiss .
However , this relies on a spiral cable to connect the camera to the user , and lacks the infra-red illuminator , so it 's hardly a substitute .
However , Hegarty told Danger Room that no information is being released for the time being .
Special Forces budget documents suggest that the unit is being ( or has been ) shipped this year .
[ Illo : via IGN ]
ALSO :
4 Reasons to Carry a Shovel At All Times
Under any no circumstances should you forget your shovel
Textbook Disclaimer Stickers
This textbook contains material on evolution .
Evolution is a theory , not a fact , regarding the origin of living things .
This material should be approached with an open mind , studied carefully , and critically considered .
This textbook asserts that gravity exists .
Gravity is a theory , not a fact , regarding a force that can not be directly seen .
This material should be approached with an open mind , studied carefully , and critically considered .
This book discusses heliocentrism , the theory that the Earth orbits around a centrally located sun .
Students should be encouraged to fully consider the evidence for , and the evidence against , this interesting idea .
This textbook suggests that the Earth is spherical .
Because a few delusional wackos still think the Earth is flat , while others insist it is oblate spheroid , teachers are urged to skip over this controversial topic in lesson plans .
This textbook states that the Earth is over 4 billion years old .
Because this fact conflicts rather directly with a hugely popular fictional account , both sides of the argument should be taught to impressionable children .
This book promotes the theory of plate tectonics , the gradual movement of the major land masses .
Because nobody actually witnessed the land masses moving , teachers should refer to the theory as unprovable .
This textbook contains a chapter about general relativity , a theory that promotes relativism .
The offending sections should be cut out of the book with a razor blade .
This textbook suggests that the origin of life was a wholly natural event .
Because this view contradicts what fundamentalists want their children to believe , readers are encouraged to burn this book along with the author .
This book discusses God .
The existence of entities with supernatural powers is controversial , and many believe that Gods , especially other people 's Gods , are fictional .
This material should be approached with a sense of humor .
This textbook claims that evolution is not fully accepted by scientists because it is just a theory .
The author hopes to confuse you into equating scientific theory with cockamamie theory .
This book does not contain the word " evolution , " the unifying principle in biology and an important component of the National Science Standards and the Scholastic Achievement Test .
This book mentions an Intelligent Designer .
Please keep an open mind about whether this entity is God , an alien , or just a fictitious persona who was injected into the book to liven up the rather dry scientific prose .
This book contains an evolution disclaimer sticker mandated by your local school board .
For fun , submit an article that analyzes the impact of weakened science instruction on the success of students ' college applications .
This book was anonymously donated to your school library to discreetly promote magical , religious alternatives to the theory of evolution .
When you are finished with it , please reshelve the book in the fiction section .
This book teaches kids the difference between facts and myths .
Because this erodes belief in Santa Claus , the Easter Bunny , and , well , other things , parents should homeschool their kids until the age of 27 .
This catalog features several dozen new mutants and cultivars of flowers and vegetables .
Because this shows that species can change over time , Creationists should never , ever order anything from this company .
This pump dispenses gasoline , a fossil fuel .
People who believe fossils are not real should put something else in their tanks .
This book discusses evolution .
President George W. Bush said , " On the issue of evolution , the verdict is still out on how God created the Earth . "
Therefore , until 2009 this material shood be aproched with an open mind , studeed carefuly , and critcly consid'rd .
Translations : Arabic French German Italian Japanese Korean Portuguese Russian Spanish
Print the PDF version onto full - sheet sticker paper for a wholesome project the whole family will enjoy !
Give some to your kids to take to school .
Leave some at local bookstore .
Sticker your friends ' lockers .
In case you 're curious , wording for the first disclaimer ( top left ) is taken verbatim from the sticker ( view ) designed by Georgia 's Cobb County School District ( " A community with a passion for learning " ) in Georgia ( details ) .
The school board actually plagiarized Alabama 's evolution disclaimer ( view ) .
The other 14 are mildly educational variants that demonstrate the real meaning of a scientific " theory " as well as the true motivations of the School Board members and their creationist backers .
My naive hope is that the above stickers might deter other school districts from using disclaimers to shield children from developing a science - based view of reality .
My related pages to waste even more of your time
Get educated on the science vs supernatural issue
Read 15 answers to Creationist nonsense "
Check NCSE 's database to see what the Creationists are up to in your town
If you have hate mail you 'd like to send to me , please do n't be shy -- I love it .
Of course , it might end up here .
Colin Purrington
( 610 ) 328-8621
From ABC News ’ Political Punch blog :
After a weekend of relatively tame town halls President Obama found one vocal skeptic in a college student who challenged the President to an Oxford debate over the public option at his Grand Junction , Colo . , town hall this evening .
Zach Lahn , a 23 - year - old student at the University of Colorado got the President ’s attention after shouting out during the Q and A a few times .
[ Pols emphasis ]
The President finally called on him during the end of the town hall .
“ I just want proof here that I ’m happy to get a good debate going , ” the President said , knowing that he could be wading into harsher waters than he is used to .
“ I ’d love to have a debate , just all out , anytime , Oxford - style , if you ’d like , ” Lahn said to President Obama and then proceeded on with his question .
“ How in the world can a private corporation providing insurance compete with an entity that does not have to worry about making a profit , does not have to pay local property taxes — they do not have to — they ’re not subject to local regulations ?
How can a company compete with that ? ”
Lahn said he did n’t want any generalities , or philosophical arguments from the President as a response …
“ It ’s good to see a young person who ’s very engaged and confident challenging the President to a Oxford - style debate , I think this is good , ” he said .
“ You know , this is good .
You know , I like that .
You got to have a little chutzpah , you know . ”
Here ’s a switcher story of a different color : from the Mac , to Linux .
It ’s one thing to talk about operating systems and free software in theory , or to hear from died - in - the - wool advocates of their platform of choice .
In this case , we turn to Kim Cascone , an experienced and gifted musician and composer with an impressive resume of releases and a rich sens of sound .
This is n’t someone advocating any platform over another : it ’s an on - the - ground , in - the - trenches , real - world example of how Kim made this set of tools work in his music , in the studio and on tour .
A particular thanks , as he ’s given me some new ideas for how to work with Audacity and Baudline .
Kim puts his current setup in the context of decades of computer work .
Even if you ’re not ready to leave Mac ( or Windows ) just yet , Kim ’s workflow here could help if you ’re looking to make a Linux netbook or laptop more productive in your existing rig .
Stay tuned , as I ’ll have some other stories on how to make your Linux music workflow effective creatively , particularly in regards to leaping over some of the setup hurdles Kim describes .
-PK
Historical Evolution
I ’ve been working with computers since the 1970s .
Inspired by the work of composer David Behrman , I taught myself assembly language and programmed a simple digital sequencer on a KIM - 1 , single - board microcomputer , controlling an Aries modular synthesizer I had built .
I discovered a then - new magazine called Computer Music Journal at the local computer shop and bought every copy I could get my hands on .
( I still have them , too . )
Later , I helped a friend ’s father , an executive at IBM , unpack and set up the first personal computer IBM made .
The manuals alone took up two or three feet of bookshelf space .
Fast - forward through a couple of decades of owning Commodore 64s , Apple computers , and PCs .
In 1997 , I purchased my first laptop : a woefully - underpowered Compaq Presario .
It was n’t fast enough for real - time audio , so I had to render sound files to hard disk using the audio programming language Csound .
I created many of the sounds this way for my CD ‘ blueCube ( ) ’.
But the capacity to work anywhere was enough for me to give up ever owning another desktop computer .
Frustrated with the ‘ code - compile - listen ’ process of working with Csound and wanting to work in real - time , I switched to the graphical multi-media programming language Max / MSP , which necessitated a move back to Apple hardware , so I bought a PowerBook .
Having Max / MSP running on a laptop was the perfect environment for me .
I could build the tools I needed whenever an idea presented itself .
The computer functioned as both sound design studio and stage instrument .
I worked this way for ten years , faithfully following the upgrade path set forth by Apple and the various developers of the software I used .
Continually upgrading required a substantial financial commitment on my part .
Apple Seeds of Discontent
When I ’m on the road , I use my laptop as a music studio , performance instrument , and administration office .
I do n’t like surprises on the road .
Having a computer fail means a loss of income , and makes for an embarrassing moment if the failure happens during a performance .
If watching laptop music bores some people , watching a musician reboot is even worse .
So to be safe , I stress - test all new hardware or software in my studio for at least a month before I take it on the road .
Max / MSP patches run for hours , software is used for weeks , and hardware is left on for days at a time to help induce failure before I leave home .
But as fate would have it , an iBook I was touring with died a few years ago .
I brought the laptop into an Apple repair shop in Berlin , where a technician diagnosed the problem as a faulty logic board .
The failure rate on logic boards was high for that model of iBook , and in response to public pressure , Apple instituted a logic board replacement program .
Luckily , my laptop qualified and the logic board was replaced for free .
But the failure and ongoing buggy behavior impacted my work schedule and added to the stress of touring .
I ’ve now replaced logic boards on three computers ; the other two I paid for out of pocket .
The out - of - warranty cost of replacing a logic board on an Apple laptop is around six hundred dollars — cheaper than buying a brand new laptop , but still significant .
If you make your living with applications that run on OS X , there are no options if a laptop fails .
You either repair expensive Apple hardware or buy new expensive Apple hardware .
This is called ‘ vendor lock - in . ’
Then , during my 2009 spring tour , my PowerBook G4 exhibited signs of age , with missing keystrokes , intermittent backlighting , the failure of a RAM slot , and reduced performance .
As an alternative to repairing the PowerBook , I investigated what a new MacBook Pro and upgrades for all my software would cost .
A quick back - of - a - napkin estimate came to approximately $ 3,000 , not including the time it would take tweaking and testing to make it work for the tour .
If the netbook revolution had n’t come along and spawn a price - wars on laptops , I might have proceeded to increase my credit card debt .
But as a wise uncle once advised , “ you invest either your time or your money ; never both . ”
Meeting Ubuntu
I had tried Linux in 2005 on PowerPC - based Mac laptops , though at the time I could n’t get audio working , even after extensive tweaking .
But I had kept an eye on Ubuntu ever since .
After considering MacBook Pro prices , I checked out the new netbooks coming to market and picked up a refurbished Dell Inspiron Mini 9 with Ubuntu pre-installed .
I loaded up my Dell with all a selection of Linux audio applications and brought it with me on tour as an emergency backup to my tottering PowerBook .
The Mini 9 could play back four tracks of 24 - bit / 96 kHz audio with effects – not bad for a netbook .
The solution to my financial constraint became clear , and I bought a refurbished Dell Studio 15 , installed Ubuntu on it , and set it up for sound production and business administration .
The total cost was around $ 600 for the laptop plus a donation to a software developer — a far cry from the $ 3000.00 price tag and weeks of my time it would have cost me to stay locked - in to Apple .
After a couple of months of solid use , I have had no problems with my laptop or Ubuntu .
Both have performed flawlessly , remaining stable and reliable .
Getting Past Ubuntu Audio Complexities
There are a few differences between how audio works on Mac OS X and how it works on Ubuntu Linux .
OS X uses the Core Audio and Core MIDI frameworks for audio and MIDI services , respectively .
All applications requiring audio services on OS X talk to Core Audio , which mixes and routes multiple audio streams to the desired locations .
Core Audio is simple , monolithic , and easy to set up , and all the end - user controls are accessible from one panel .
You can even create a single aggregate device from multiple sound cards if you need more inputs or outputs than one sound card can supply .
To Apple ’s credit , Core Audio and the applications that make use of it are the reason why you see so many laptop musicians seated behind glowing Apple logos on stage .
On Ubuntu , audio is a rather different story .
Apple ’s slogan ‘ Think Different ’ would be good advice for musicians encountering Ubuntu ’s audio setup for the first time .
Audio in Ubuntu can appear at first to be a confusing jumble of servers , layers , services , and terminology .
Go to System -> Preferences ->Sound , click on the Devices tab , and check out the pulldown menu next to ‘ Sound Events ’ at the top of the panel .
You will see various acronyms , possibly including cryptic - looking technologies like OSS , ESD , ALSA , JACK , and Pulse Audio .
These acronyms represent a byzantine tangle of conflicting technologies that over time , and due to political reasons or backwards compatibility , have ended up cohabiting with one another .
‘ Frankenstein ’ might be an accurate metaphor here .
Thankfully , there is a simpler way , which is the combination of ALSA [ a high - performance , kernel - level audio and MIDI system ] and JACK [ a system for creating low - latency audio , MIDI , and sync connections between applications and computers ] .
The battle - scarred among us have learned to ignore all the other audio cruft bolted on to Ubuntu and just use ALSA and JACK .
One can think of the ALSA / JACK stack , the heart of most pro Linux studios , as the Core Audio of Linux and in my opinion Jack should be the first thing installed on any musicians laptop .
I ’d go so far as to suggest placing it in the Startup Applications so it ’s always running .
Qjackctl ( labeled JACK GUI ) in Ubuntu / GNOME ’s Startup Applications Preferences panel .
The ALSA / JACK combination is a little more complex to set up and tweak than Apple ’s Core Audio , but there ’s a lot of good information online .
[ Ed. : ALSA , JACK , and the real - time Linux kernel also have some advantages over Mac OS X that can be worth the effort .
While JACK has been ported to Mac , Linux has more JACK - aware tools , which is necessary for transport sync .
Just as importantly , once configured , you can build rigs with Linux that have greater low - latency performance than may be practical on Mac or Windows .
In other words , while it may require an investment of time , it can be both free and better ! - PK ]
This diagram , albeit dated , shows how Jack and ALSA work together .
Please note that Jack does currently support MIDI .
Click through for full - sized version .
Courtesy Jörn Nettingsmeier ; used by permission .
Workflow
Over the past ten years , I ’ve developed a workflow that has worked well in the studio and on the road .
Since I created most of my tools in Max / MSP , they could shape - shift to fit any musical task I encountered .
A sound mangling tool I ’d written for studio use , for instance , I could then adapt for a performance with Tony Conrad .
I modified parts of my performance patch for sound installations .
This environment served me well over the years – until recently , when my aesthetic focus changed from using randomness in my work to taking a more deterministic approach .
This happened to coincide with my change of operating systems .
I do a lot of location recording while on tour .
My rig consists of an Olympus LS - 10 digital recorder and an Audio Technica AT - 822 single - point stereo microphone .
I record at 96 k Hz / 24 - bit to a 16GB SDHC card in the LS - 10 .
When I want to audition sound files in the field , I use my netbook ’s SDHC reader , renaming sound files directly on the card .
I can look at some of the files in Baudline if I need to check for low - frequency rumble or technical anomalies .
I have come to use Baudline on a daily basis .
A typical Baudline session .
Click through for full - sized version .
Back in the studio , using the sound editing program Audacity , I remove voice slates , trim heads and tails , adjust gain and EQ as needed , then save them to a project folder .
And because I do n’t like surprises in the studio , either , this folder gets backed up onto a remote network drive as well as a local USB drive .
A typical Audacity session .
Click through for full - sized version .
Building my sound library takes weeks or months .
During this time , I start filling a notebook with ideas , drawings , plans and marginalia , from which a score emerges .
I import all my project sound files into the open - source Digital Audio Workstation Ardour , arranging them to loosely resemble the score in my notebook .
Once my Ardour session is set up , I move sounds around , try different effects , create new textures by layering , then render and re-import sub-mixes until the piece starts to take shape .
I use a KORG nanoKONTROL as a mixing surface .
I assign faders , pans and switches assigned to the DAW allowing me to quickly play around with different mix ideas .
A typical Ardour session .
Click through for full - sized version .
Once the piece sounds finished , I mix down to a stereo .
WAV file at 24 - bit/44.1kHz , without using compression or EQ on the mix bus .
Tip : mastering engineers really appreciate getting a raw 24 - bit master that has n’t been fiddled around with by the musician .
For performances , I also use Ardour and the nanoKONTROL to do an acousmatic presentation .
This version of the Ardour session will have compression and / or EQ on the mix bus , since I want the material to sound more polished .
As a side note : I am looking into using the mastering tool JAMin [ JACK Audio Mastering Interface ] for this purpose in the future .
Sayonara , Apple
After ten years of working on Apple laptops , I ’ve left the fold .
Not only was the expense of owning and maintaining Apple hardware a key factor in my switch , but the operating system had become a frustration to me .
Details like not having a tree - view in the right hand panel of the Finder window slowed me down .
Ubuntu , on the other hand , feels more like an operating system made for grown - ups .
And what ’s especially nice is that Ubuntu scales nicely to the expertise of the user .
Your cousin the computer geek or your Grandma can install and use Ubuntu and get as deep as they like .
Combine this with the recent rash of cheap , powerful laptops , and Ubuntu ’s market share is bound to grow .
A Request
It ’s important that kernel and audio application developers ( 1 ) ensure all audio creation software has support for JACK , ( 2 ) improve and update tools for JACK to make it easy for musicians to install , configure , and use , ( 3 ) ship distros with the realtime kernel already tested and configured for use , ( 4 ) to integrate the real - time kernel patches into the mainline kernel .
[ Ed. :
On each of these points , distributions and kernel builds are steadily improving , partly thanks to feedback from communities like the music production community .
The realtime kernel likely wo n’t be the default , mainline kernel , but it ’s important to have well - maintained optional packages at the very least .
That does n’t mean you have to wait for improvements to happen , though , and in future articles I ’ll talk a bit about how you can configure your system now to take advantage of this functionality .
- PK ]
Most importantly , consider paying a subscription to support developers of JACK and your favorite Linux audio software , or , if you can write code , proofread text , write a manual , do a translation , contribute graphic design , or create content ; please help by contributing something to the development of the software you use .
I would like to thank Ken Restivo , Mike Rooke , Paul Davis , Philip DeTullio , Jörn Nettingsmeier and Matt Griffen at Canonical Ltd. for advice and inspiration in the writing of this article .
Kim Cascone is a composer , sound artist , touring musician , lecturer and writer .
He lives in the San Francisco Bay Area with his wife Kathleen and son Cage .
Links :
http://www.osnews.com/story/6720/Introduction_to_Linux_Audio
http://www.alsa-project.org/main/index.php/Main_Page
http://ardour.org/node
http://audacity.sourceforge.net/
http://www.kokkinizita.net/linuxaudio/
http://www.baudline.com/
http://jackaudio.org/
http://drobilla.net/software/patchage/
http://www.ladspa.org/
http://lv2plug.in/
http://dssi.sourceforge.net/
http://jamin.sourceforge.net/en/about.html
http://linuxaudio.org/
http://www.ubuntu.com/
http://code.goto10.org/projects/puredyne/
http://www.bandshed.net/AVLinux.html
http://rt.wiki.kernel.org/index.php/Main_Page
http://www.pulseaudio.org/
http://developer.apple.com/audio/overview.html
Corrections / clarifications :
Ed. : I originally claimed that JACK Transport sync is not possible on the Mac OS X port of JACK .
As kindly pointed out by a reader , this is not correct .
JACK Transport - aware applications on the Mac will work .
Subtler issues :
Kim noted two annoyances with the Finder .
One is wanting to type paths directly .
On the Mac Finder , you need to invoke a keyboard shortcut prior to doing so .
On Ubuntu ’s default file manager ( GNOME ’s Nautilus ) , you can simply begin typing .
There was some disagreement about to whether that really constitutes a notable difference , but suffice to say , you do have a greater range of choice and customization on an open source operating system .
Secondly , Kim argued that you could pull out a drive without having to go to a lot of trouble unmounting it first .
At least one commenter argues that risks data loss , and given that users may be using something like FUSE to access foreign file systems like NTFS or the Mac ’s own HFS + , I do n’t yet know what the exact details will be .
As I said in comments , however , Nautilus and the command line eject function for me are quicker and more effective than similar unmounting on Windows and Mac , so I still notch this one for Linux .
- PK
This sort of thing appears in just about every rails app I 've ever worked on :
class User after_create : send_welcome_email protected def send_welcome_email Notifier . deliver_welcome_email ( self ) end end
Why would the user have to ask the notifier to send him his own welcome message ?
That seems like the Notifier 's responsibility , if you ask me .
Using an ActiveRecord observer , we can absolve the user of that responsibility .
That code would look something like this :
class UserObserver < ActiveRecord :: Observer def after_create ( user ) Notifier . deliver_welcome_email ( user ) end end
Note that you 'd also have to activate this observer in config / environment.rb .
In some ways , using an observer is better than putting a callback in the User model .
It 's definitely a better division of responsibilities .
But , it feels a little cumbersome .
In the rails app where I spend most of my time , we currently use callbacks to trigger over a dozen mailers , and almost 50 types of activity feed items .
So , we 'd need a lot of observer subclasses .
A Better Way
The observer pattern , in some form , seemed like the right approach .
I wanted to find a way to use it without creating eleventy billion observer classes .
I came up with a gem that I call observational .
Here 's what it looks like :
class Notifier < ActionMailer :: Base observes : user , : after => : create , : invokes => : deliver_welcome_email def welcome_email ( user ) end end
This example is functionally equivalent to the first example above .
Notifier .deliver_welcome_email will be called during the after_create callback of any User object , with the user object as the first and only argument .
Observational supports any standard ActiveRecord callback .
As far as I know , anything you can do with a standard AR observer , you can do with observational .
Let me know if I 'm wrong about that .
Get It !
sudo gem install giraffesoft - observational
Fork it at github .
Or read the yardoc at rdoc.info .
The last 48 hours have served as a clarifying moment in the health care debate .
First , the White House sent out trial balloons this weekend on abandoning the public option .
Progressives were not amused and organized intensely for the first time this summer .
Finally the left is matching the intensity of the right – and it took a perceived betrayal by the White House to do it .
Second , just as progressive Democrats fixed their bayonets , the Republican leadership made it abundantly clear that they had no intention of supporting co-ops or anything else coming out of the Senate Finance Committee .
The GOP , whether for ideological or political reasons – or both – decided to play the 1994 Bill Kristol card and refuse to participate any longer .
And now the White House is taking notice : there is no more bipartisan basis for negotiation .
The GOP , which itself only counts 39 Senators ( without Martinez ) has left the negotiating table .
Without Republicans , the nature of negotiations AMONG Democrats will change dramatically .
The debate will shift somewhat to the left as the rightward ballast has disappeared .
President Obama campaigned to a large extent on the idea of consensus politics .
He believed that there was broad agreement across the political spectrum on a variety of issues , including health care .
Though support for Obama ’s handling of the health care issue has suffered this summer , the public at large – and Independents in particular – still credit Obama for at least trying to work with Republicans .
Same was true for the stimulus .
But the reality of Washington is that the GOP has been reduced to its ideological core .
There are very few moderates left in the party .
The issues surrounding health care have shown themselves to be laden with all sorts of ideological baggage , and the Republican Party has only played up those ideological consequences ( as is their right ) .
And so it ’s time to turn to the only poll that matters : November 2008 .
In that election the electorate not only gave Obama a solid majority – the largest for a Democrat since 1964 – but also elected 59 Democratic Senators … and one more switched to the Dems .
The House Democratic caucus also moved significantly to the left .
Elections have consequences .
There is nothing immoderate in suggesting that the majority – even the supermajority of 60 - 39 – has the right to rule in Congress .
As a matter of style and principle President Obama sought bipartisan consensus .
It was also a matter of good politics as the public likes the idea of cooperation across party lines .
Some insecure Democrats also liked the idea that if the public revolted against the plan they would have bipartisan cover .
But that ’s not how things are shaking out .
Health care will be decided by the Democratic majority elected largely for that very purpose .
And that is as it should be .
President Obama will likely be working with the conservative Democrats in the Senate – Baucus , Conrad , Bayh , Landrieu , Nelson and Lincoln .
Once he reminds these Senators that there will be no bipartisan cover , he should make this request : oppose the public option if your conscience or your constituents demand .
But do NOT support a GOP filibuster of it .
Considering that Republicans have abandoned the table , it should become obvious to these right - leaning Democrats that NO deal with the GOP is possible and that a vote for a filibuster ( against cloture ) would be a vote against any and all health care reform .
Period .
There are some issues in politics where bipartisan consensus simply does not exist .
This August has only driven that point home .
It ’s time for Democrats to use the majority that the American people put in place last November .
The spectre of famine has returned to the Horn of Africa nearly a quarter of a century after the world 's pop stars gathered to banish it at Live Aid , raising £ 150 m for relief efforts in 1985 .
Millions of impoverished Ethiopians face the threat of malnutrition and possibly starvation this winter in what is shaping up to be the country 's worst food crisis for decades .
Estimates of the number of people who need emergency food aid have risen steadily this year from 4.9 million in January to 5.3 million in May and 6.2 million in June .
Another 7.5 million are getting aid in return for work on community projects , as part of the National Productive Safety Net Program for people whose food supplies are chronically insecure , bringing the total being fed to 13.7 million .
Donor countries provided sustenance to 12 million Ethiopians last year , more than half of it through the UN's World Food Programme ( WFP ) .
Having passed that total only eight months into this year , and with the main harvest already in doubt , aid agencies fear the worst is still to come .
" We 're extremely worried , " said Howard Taylor , who heads the Department for International Development 's office in Ethiopia .
DfID has given £ 54 m in aid to the country this year , and Britain has also contributed through the EU .
" This is exactly the time when we should n't turn away from the people in need , " he said .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" Critical water shortages " were reported in some areas by the UN's Office for the Co-ordination of Humanitarian Affairs last week with water - borne diseases such as acute diarrhoea spreading as communities resort to drinking from insanitary wells and ponds .
Unicef said that the outbreaks are putting extra pressure on its Out - Patient Therapeutic Programme , which provides healthcare in some of the most needy areas .
In Somali , the hardest hit region with a third of the humanitarian caseload and complications caused by a low - intensity insurgency , the mortality rate for infants has risen above two per 10,000 per day according to a regional nutrition survey , which gives newborns roughly a one - third chance of dying before their fifth birthdays .
While there is no clear definition , one widely used threshold for famine is four infant deaths per 10,000 per day .
Declaring a famine is a political decision .
While it can galvanise public opinion and bring millions into aid programmes , it is widely seen as a political failure .
President George Bush challenged his officials to avoid the word , a policy known as " No famine on my watch " .
Ethiopia 's Disaster Prevention and Preparedness Commission is charged with preventing famines of the 1984 - 85 type , the sort that bring down governments , argued Tufts University academics Sue Lautze and Angela Raven - Roberts in a 2004 paper .
Dismissing the warning signals , Ethiopia 's Prime Minister , Meles Zenawi , said earlier this month that there was no danger of famine this year .
And Berhanu Kebede , Ethiopia 's ambassador to Britain , said at the weekend : " We are addressing the problem .
Food is in the pipeline . "
The main practical difference between a food crisis and a famine is whether enough aid arrives to keep the starving alive .
So while the scope of the problem can be measured in the number of hungry people , the severity depends on the generosity of those in the rich world .
And this year they have been miserly .
Despite the promise of G8 leaders at their summit in L'Aquila , Italy , last month to provide $ 20 bn ( £ 12 bn ) to improve food security in poor countries , contributions have slumped dramatically this year as donor states have shifted priorities to supporting banks and stimulating their own economies .
" The international community is not living up to its promise to the World Food Programme , " Mr Kebede said .
The WFP had little trouble raising its $ 6bn budget last year , but in 2009 it has collected less than half of that .
Its Ethiopian operation , which had $ 500 m in 2008 , is short $ 127 m this year , equivalent to 167,000 tonnes of food .
The Famine Early Warning Network forecast this month that the shortfall would reach 300,000 tonnes by December .
Rations for the 6.2 million people receiving emergency food aid have , as a result , been slashed by a third from a meagre 15kg of cereals , beans and oil a month to just 10kg .
Even if the shortfall were made up today , it would take three months for supplies to be loaded on to ships bound for Djibouti , then transferred to trucks for the arduous overland journey to land - locked Ethiopia .
Aid agencies are worried about the main harvest this autumn , arguing that the time for action is now , not when the food runs out in November – usually the driest month – let alone when starving children with distended bellies capture the attention of the West 's television viewing public .
Despite its good intentions , Bob Geldof 's Live Aid came towards the end of the 1984 - 85 famine , which killed more than a million people .
Since then , Ethiopia 's population has doubled to 80 million .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Mr Zenawi's government has set up a strategic food reserve which has at times reached 500,000 tonnes – though it is currently thought to be just 200,000 tonnes – which it uses to speed up delivery .
As soon as they get funds , aid agencies can borrow food from this reserve , replacing it with supplies from abroad when they arrive .
Although the government could release this food without promises of replenishment , it would soon run out ; after covering the WFP 's 167,000 tonne shortfall , the stockpile would be barely enough to feed a million people for three months .
The underlying problem for Ethiopia is the erratic behaviour of the country 's climate , or rather its regional micro-climates .
Moisture - bearing clouds scudding in from the Indian Ocean can pass over the parched eastern lowlands to dump generous amounts of rain on the fertile western highlands .
The famine of 1984 - 85 , revealed by BBC reporter Michael Buerk , was actually two separate famines , one in Tigray , in the north , the other in Somali , in the south - east .
Two main rains sustain the people of Ethiopia , the belg in spring and the kiremt , which usually start in July .
Both are influenced by variations in sea-surface temperature .
The El Niño phenomena in the eastern Pacific usually bring droughts to Ethiopia , and America 's National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration predicts that the current El Niño will strengthen over the next six months .
The belg has failed for two years running now , while the kiremt started three weeks late this summer and the amount of rainfall when they did come was below normal .
Aid agencies fear that the season could end early , or , equally bad , produce delayed downpours just when farmers need dry weather for the harvest .
Even if the kiremt ends on time in October , some crops may not reach maturity because of the late planting .
Ethiopia is overwhelmingly dependent on agriculture , and some 90 per cent of its crops are watered by nature rather than by man-made irrigation systems .
During droughts , farmers and nomadic herders tend to sell off their assets to buy food , leaving them with nothing when the next growing season begins .
It can take three to five years for pastoral tribes to rebuild their herds .
Although Ethiopia is particularly hard hit , drought has also affected neighbouring countries .
Resources in Somali are under additional strain because nomadic tribesmen from Somalia and Kenya have driven unusually large numbers of cattle across the border in search of water and pasture .
Estimates of the number of cattle coming into the country range from 95,000 to 200,000 .
The spike in global food prices in 2008 exacerbated a worsening situation , hitting the urban poor particularly hard .
While they have fallen back this year , the price for grains in the markets of Adis Ababa are still some 50 per cent higher than their average in the four years to 2007 .
The Ethiopian government is acutely aware of the danger of famine , not least to itself .
Emperor Haile Selassie was deposed a year after the 1973 famine and the Derg military junta led by Lt Col Mengistu Haile Mariam was overthrown in 1991 after a civil war driven in part by the 1984 - 85 famine .
While most other countries with food shortages allow charities to distribute food , Ethiopia 's government insists that the bulk of food aid must pass through its hands .
The irony is that the Zenawi regime has done a reasonable job of boosting food production , achieving self - sufficiency in the late 1990s .
One agency described it as the " bread basket " of Africa , harvesting more grain in a good year than South Africa .
The government promotes best practices and distributes fertiliser to farmers .
It also has an ambitious scheme to relocate 2.2 million people to more fertile areas .
But even it can't control the rains .
Many Africans blame climate change for the erratic weather patterns and resulting food shortages .
Jean Ping , the chairman of the African Union , said last week in Adis Ababa : " Although Africa is least responsible for global warming , it suffers most from a problem it did n't create . "
The BBC R4 Reunion series , at 11.15 am today , examines the 1984 Ethiopian famine .
Guests include Michael Buerk
Some of the commentary is hilarious .
“ Darren is an accomplished outer space sharp shooter … ” “ He picked up some bonus fuel … . ”
“ The pace is fast and furious … . ”
This weekend I got around to testing out the latest updates to the Poulsbo ( Intel GMA 500 graphics chipset I have written about multiple times before ) front .
Newer versions of the kernel module , the firmware and the GLX module have trickled into the Ubuntu secret sauce repository over the last few weeks .
Happily , they produce a significant improvement in behaviour with Fedora 11 .
With the latest version of everything from the Ubuntu repo , the hangs I and others were seeing around 30 minutes after starting X seem to have gone away , which is great .
Also , 3D acceleration appears to be working !
It 's not incredibly fast , but very importantly , it 's fast enough to run Compiz with basic settings pretty smoothly .
This means desktop rendering is smoother than before , and also takes some of the rendering load off the CPU and 2D core to free them up for other tasks , so that 's great .
You can even enable some of the Compiz effects - wobbly windows and the cube work pretty well , have n't tried anything more complex yet .
I am working on a cleaned - up set of packages which should be installable without any hacking around ( mainly by making libdrm - poulsbo obsolete libdrm , rather than just conflict with it ) .
I intend to publish these up as a proper yum repository , with dependencies enforced , so you can just add the repo and then install the main driver package , and it will pull in everything else you need .
The Federal Communications Commission 's announcement on Thursday that it will launch an investigation of the wireless market was welcomed with brave statements by big wireless .
" We are excited to tell the industry 's story , " declared Steve Largent , President of CTIA - The Wireless Association .
" The wireless ecosystem — from carriers , to handset manufacturers , to network providers , to operating system providers , to application developers — is evolving before our eyes and this is not the same market that it was even three years ago .
In this industry , innovation is everywhere . "
But this is not the FCC of three years ago either .
And the three Notices of Inquiry that the agency announced at its Open Commission meeting notably and perhaps even radically expand the array of questions that it usually asks of the wireless service sector .
These probes are the first to be launched in quite some time by a full Commission — one in which new Commissioners Meredith Attwell Baker , a Republican nominee , and Mignon Clyburn , the latest Democrat , participated .
All five voted for the measures , but the Republican minority , consisting of Baker and senior Republican Robert M. McDowell , worried out loud that they could lead to heavy - handed and statutorily questionable regulations .
Meanwhile , the Democrats stressed that reforms are long overdue .
Here is what the FCC says it wants to know .
Caveat mobile emptor
First , the FCC will release a " truth - in - billing " notice that , judging from the press release , is about far more than billing .
It will ask whether there are " additional opportunities to protect and empower American consumers by ensuring sufficient access to relevant information about communications services . "
What that means in plain English is that the agency wants to know whether it should protect consumers not just after they 've bought a wireless service contract , but even before .
The Commission already takes complaints about a wide variety of ex post facto wireless and wireline problems , including do - not - call registry violations , billing misinformation or fraud , unauthorized switching , pretexting , and other mischief .
But it has generally stayed away from the process by which consumers arrive at which wireless service to pick .
Now the FCC will ask for feedback on " cost - effective best practices in information disclosure from within the communications sector . "
Translation : the agency effectively wants to get into the realm of truth - in - advertising as well as billing .
" Despite signs of stabilization in the economy , times are still tough , " FCC Chair Genachowski explained at the meeting .
" Many Americans are learning to do more with less .
A surprise charge on a monthly bill or a new service that does not perform as advertised can be a major budget - buster , especially as household spending on communications grows ever larger .
Today ’s notice will help the Commission build a record on ways to ensure that consumers understand what they are signing up for . "
The inquiry will seek input on the information prospective mobile buyers have at hand when they choose their wireless provider and their service plan , or if they decide to switch to another service .
This expansion of the agency 's interests has the FCC's Republicans worried .
At the meeting McDowell urged his colleagues to " keep in mind the Commission ’s limitations , " and called for " robust discussions of the Commission ’s statutory authority , the applicability of the First Amendment , as well as the longstanding precedent in this area . "
Does the FCC have the authority to question how AT&T and Apple promote the iPhone ?
And is the agency encroaching on territory normally occupied by the Federal Trade Commission ?
Expect these concerns to come up in this investigation .
Enhancing our understanding
There will also be an inquiry about competition , but with a new angle .
Every year the FCC runs a Congressionally mandated report drearily titled the " Annual Report and Analysis of Competitive Market Conditions with Respect to Commercial Mobile Services . "
It focuses on predictable questions .
How many mobile services are there in a given area ?
the compendium asks , or How many subscribers do they serve ?
But Commission 's upcoming Notice of Inquiry on Wireless Competition hopes to " enhance " the FCC 's understanding of the mobile wireless industry " in several intriguing ways .
The Notice will " adjust " the inquiry " to include new market segments not covered thoroughly in previous reports , such as device and infrastructure segments . "
And it will get into the question of how " upstream " and " downstream " market segments impact competition — those terms refer to how goods are produced and distributed before they 're sold , and how they 're packaged to consumers .
If this sounds to you like an invitation to discuss the rules for developing and promoting third - party mobile phone apps , so will Genachowki's commentary on the probe .
" We are transitioning from a voice - centric world to a world of ubiquitous , mobile Internet access , " he said .
" This transition promises to increase the pace of innovation and investment , but only if we have an open and competitive marketplace that gives every great idea a chance to make its way to consumers so that the best products or services win . "
And once again , while the FCC's Republican minority supported the item , they did so with warnings .
" We must be mindful that we may be seeking information about services that the Commission may not have the authority to regulate , " Meredith Attwell Baker advised .
R&D
Finally , the FCC announced that it will open up an inquiry on the state of research and development in the wireless industry .
Senior Democrat Michael Copps made no secret of the fact that he sees this as a chance to debate the role of government in stimulating innovation .
" One of the great and costly shortfalls of the last decade was a declining national commitment to basic technology research and development , " he declared .
" The tsunami of industry consolidation America endured in recent years short - changed research and development because R&D supposedly did n't nourish the quarterly bottom - line in ways sufficiently appealing to speculators - on - the - make .
At the same time , government was for the most part exiting its role as an incubator of research and development . "
To which McDowell responded : " Even at present , in the midst of the worst economy in decades — an economy that seems only to shrink — the communications sector , which includes wireless technologies and services , intends to plow as much as $ 80 billion this year alone into capital expenditures that are making broadband services faster , more available , and more affordable .
Few , if any , sectors can make such a claim .
In short , the phenomenal success of the wireless sector shows how well a light regulatory touch works . "
Expect the FCC to tackle a wide variety of topics over the next few months , among them early termination fees , roaming rules , whether wireless carriers should be allowed to restrict short codes and exclusive handset deals .
But this trio of inquiries promises to look far beyond those specific problems , seeking a far - reaching overview of an industry that verges on redefining computing and mass media in one stroke .
" It is essential that the Commission come to grips with this new world , " Genachowski told the meeting .
ANTIOCH , Calif . 
A woman who was kidnapped as an 11 - year - old in 1991 was reunited with her family on Thursday after the police here arrested two suspects in the case and discovered a hidden compound where she had apparently been kept for nearly two decades .
The woman , Jaycee Dugard , was dragged into a car on her way to a bus stop 18 years ago as her stepfather watched helplessly from the family home in South Lake Tahoe , Calif .
The police could find no trace of the car , or Ms. Dugard , a blond , blue - eyed girl last seen wearing a pink windbreaker and stretch pants .
On Wednesday , the police arrested Phillip Garrido and his wife , Nancy , and charged them with Ms. Dugard ’s abduction .
Mr. Garrido , a convicted sex offender who was on federal parole for a 1971 rape and kidnapping , was also charged with rape and acts of child molestation and sexual penetration of a minor .
The police said that he had apparently fathered two girls  now 11 and 15  with Ms. Dugard .
Over the past 24 hours we 've had a number of readers tell us that there is an OpenSSH exploit in active use .
We cannot confirm its existence , other than a DOS exploit for OpenSSH that is on Milw0rm .
If you have any concrete evidence of this ( not rumors or URLs to blogs where people are discussing that there might be a problem ) please let us know via our contact form .
Again , no rumors and no links to discussions of rumors please .
We need reports of active exploitation or other evidence that this a real issue .
UPDATE 1 : One reader sent us a URL to a site showing the active exploitation of a vulnerable system that looks like it was recorded last Friday .
So far this is the only " evidence " of an attack .
It is against an older version of OpenSSH so if this is the source of the rumor , then it is NOT a problem with the most updated version .
Without giving away everything ( Google is your friend if you want to find the original ) , here is a snip from the log :
anti-sec:~/ pwn# cd xpl /
anti-sec:~/pwn/xpl#
./0 pen0wn -h xx.yy .143.133 -p 22
[+] 0wn0wn – anti-sec group
[+]
Target : xx.yy.143.133
[+]
SSH Port : 22
[~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ >]
sh - 3.2 # export HISTFILE=/dev/null
sh - 3.2 # id
uid=0 ( root ) gid=0 ( root )
groups=0 ( root ) , 1( bin ) , 2( daemon ) , 3( sys ) , 4 ( adm ) , 6( disk ) , 10 ( wheel )
sh - 3.2 # uname -a
Linux xx.yy.net 2.6.24.5-grsec-hostnoc-4.0.0-x86_64-libata
# 1 SMP Mon Aug 25 15:56:12 EDT 2008 x86_64 x86_64 x86_64 GNU / Linux
sh - 3.2 # head -n1 /etc/shadow
root : $ 1$ t4e0hufX$UH4Q5 jTj93EEAODNrSaWO/:14412:0:99999:7 :::
sh - 3.2# w
03:43:43 up 7 days , 54 min , 1 user , load average : 9.01 , 9.78 ,
10.73
USER TTY FROM LOGIN@ IDLE JCPU PCPU WHAT
root pts/0 125.238.144.224 20:17 7:26 m 13:18 13:18 htop
sh - 3.2 # pwd
/root
UPDATE 2 : Just to make things interesting , here is an anonymous email we received today .
The author gave us permission to share the comments but not his / her name .
Expect the SSH exploit to be made public before BH / DC .
I have proof that I can't share ( sorry ) , that this exploit does exist , does not work against current versions of SSH , and is actively being used by members of the anti-sec movement .
However , you have no reason to believe anything I am telling you here , as its nothing that could not have been made public by the single blog posting that ( amazingly ) became public yesterday .
As well , I am not giving you my contact information , etc .
So , its no more then a rumor I am giving you , sorry for that .
It would be really great however if you suggested everyone to upgrade OpenSSH to the newest version , on the off chance the rumor is true thought , right ?
No harm if you are getting bad information in that case .
Once it becomes public ( sorry , I am being fed information by someone that wants me to keep it private , and in trust I can't share ) , I will have some logs I can forward on to you .
Of course , that " proof " may be the log file that we snipped above .
Regardless , keep your OpenSSH updated , control the access , and by all means turn it off if you do n't need it ( do n't uninstall the updated binaries , just turn off the service - that way if it 's needed you wo n't accidentally have an out of date version running . )
UPDATE 3 : We 've received a few emails that lend credibility to the rumor , and we 've received a few more that paint an interesting picture - that the reports are all part of a cover - up to hide another breach that was caused by a sysadmin 's mistake .
What we are lacking is the actual exploit code .
So if this is " for real " would somebody slip us a copy and leave it under the door mat ?
( Actually , our contact form is the best place . )
We wo n't tell anybody where it came from but it sure would put a lid on this story .
Marcus H. Sachs
Director , SANS Internet Storm Center
India also approved sites for US firms to build two nuclear power plants India and the United States have agreed a defence pact which will boost the sale of sophisticated American weaponry to Delhi .
The US Secretary of State , Hillary Clinton , on a visit to India , said the two sides had agreed an " end-use monitoring " accord .
This aims to help the US ensure that its military technology is not transferred to other countries .
Mrs Clinton also held talks with Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .
During Monday 's meeting , Mr Singh accepted an invitation from Mrs Clinton to visit the US in November , officials said .
The end - use monitoring agreement was announced in a joint news conference between Mrs Clinton and the Indian Foreign Minister SM Krishna .
End-use agreements are required under US law for weapons sales .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
India is seeking to buy fighter aircraft and nuclear reactors - deals that are expected to generate multi-billion dollar contracts , for which several US companies are bidding .
India also announced on Monday that it had approved sites where American companies will build two nuclear power plants .
It is part of a civilian nuclear deal signed by the US and India last year .
Mrs Clinton is spending three full days in India .
She departs on Tuesday .
Correspondents say Mrs Clinton 's visit aims to show the US is committed to broadening its ties with Delhi .
Addressing students at Delhi University ahead of the talks , Mrs Clinton said the US wanted to " deepen our strategic understanding " with India and find more common ground .
Diplomatic test for Clinton in India Mrs Clinton also held talks with the leader of the opposition , Lal Krishna Advani .
India 's relations with neighbouring Pakistan were also expected to feature prominently in discussions .
Our correspondent says that publicly Mrs Clinton has insisted that what Pakistan and India do is completely up to them .
But he says everyone in Delhi is clear it was pressure from Washington that pushed the countries to hold talks in Egypt last week .
Pakistan - India relations dominated Mrs Clinton 's visit to Mumbai on Saturday , in the wake of attacks on the city last November that left more than 170 people dead .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
On Sunday , talks in Delhi focused on climate change , which remains a sensitive subject for developing countries such as India and China , which have so far refused to commit to carbon emissions cuts in a new treaty .
Mrs Clinton also sought to assure India the US would not try to impose conditions that might affect India 's economic growth .
But Indian Environment Minister Jairam Ramesh said his government could not accept targets that would limit economic growth .
India argues the US must do more as it has been historically to blame for the emissions .
Mrs Clinton later told reporters she was optimistic a deal on climate change could be reached .
The key date for climate change is December - when a summit in Copenhagen will look to forge a new international treaty that will replace the Kyoto Protocol , which expires in 2012 .
Are you in India ?
What do you hope Hillary Clinton 's visit will achieve ?
Send us your comments using the form below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
BERKELEY --
Human ancestors who roamed the dry and open savannas of Africa about 2 million years ago routinely began to include meat in their diets to compensate for a serious decline in the quality of plant foods , according to a physical anthropologist at the University of California , Berkeley .
It was this new meat diet , full of densely - packed nutrients , that provided the catalyst for human evolution , particularly the growth of the brain , said Katharine Milton , an authority on primate diet .
Without meat , said Milton , it 's unlikely that proto humans could have secured enough energy and nutrition from the plants available in their African environment at that time to evolve into the active , sociable , intelligent creatures they became .
Receding forests would have deprived them of the more nutritious leaves and fruits that forest - dwelling primates survive on , said Milton .
Her thesis complements the discovery last month by UC Berkeley professor Tim White and others that early human species were butchering and eating animal meat as long ago as 2.5 million years .
Milton 's article integrates dietary strategy with the evolution of human physiology to argue that meat eating was routine .
It is published this month in the journal " Evolutionary Anthropology " ( Vol.8 , # 1 ) .
Milton said that her theories do not reflect on today 's vegetarian diets , which can be completely adequate , given modern knowledge of nutrition .
" We know a lot about nutrition now and can design a very satisfactory vegetarian diet , " said Milton , a professor in the Department of Environmental Science , Policy & Management .
But she added that the adequacy of a vegetarian diet depends either on modern scientific knowledge or on traditional food habits , developed over many generations , in which people have worked out a complete diet by putting different foods together .
In many parts of the world where people have little access to meat , they have run the risk of malnutrition , said Milton .
This happened , for instance , in Southeast Asia where people relied heavily on a single plant food , polished rice , and developed the nutritional disease , beriberi .
Closer to home , in the Southern United States , many people dependent largely on corn meal developed the nutritional disease , pellagra .
Milton argues that meat supplied early humans not only with all the essential amino acids , but also with many vitamins , minerals and other nutrients they required , allowing them to exploit marginal , low quality plant foods , like roots - foods that have few nutrients but lots of calories .
These calories , or energy , fueled the expansion of the human brain and , in addition , permitted human ancestors to increase in body size while remaining active and social .
" Once animal matter entered the human diet as a dependable staple , the overall nutrient content of plant foods could drop drastically , if need be , so long as the plants supplied plenty of calories for energy , " said Milton .
The brain is a relentless consumer of calories , said Milton .
It needs glucose 24 hours a day .
Animal protein probably did not provide many of those calories , which were more likely to come from carbohydrates , she said .
Buffered against nutritional deficiency by meat , human ancestors also could intensify their use of plant foods with toxic compounds such as cyanogenic glycosides , foods other primates would have avoided , said Milton .
These compounds can produce deadly cyanide in the body , but are neutralized by methionine and cystine , sulfur - containing amino acids present in meat .
Sufficient methionine is difficult to find in plants .
Most domesticated grains - wheat , rice , maize , barley , rye and millet - contain this cyanogenic compound as do many beans and widely - eaten root crops such as taro and manioc .
Since plant foods available in the dry and deforested early human environment had become less nutritious , meat was critical for weaned infants , said Milton .
She explained that small infants could not have processed enough bulky plant material to get both nutrients for growth and energy for brain development .
" I disagree with those who say meat may have been only a marginal food for early humans , " said Milton .
" I have come to believe that the incorporation of animal matter into the diet played an absolutely essential role in human evolution . "
Milton 's paper also demonstrates that the human digestive system is fundamentally that of a plant - eating primate , except that humans have developed a more elongated small intestine rather than retaining the huge colon of apes - a change in the human lineage which indicates a diet of more concentrated nutrients .
###
Without belittling or flaming you let me answer your question even though the answer should have been obvious before you asked the question .
First try to put yourself in Special Agent Hacking 's place if you can .
You are a polygrapher who has personally witnessed test subjects trying in vain to " beat " the polygraph through the use of ill advised countermeasures advocated by a few people on an internet web site who have not even passed their own polygraphs .
Those people on the web site cannot even claim that they have used their own advice to find out if it works .
You have counseled test subjects to follow your instructions , which most do and they pass the test .
But there are others who are gullible or foolish enough to believe whatever they read without considering the source , and you have repeatedly seen them come into a polygraph test and ignore your instructions and either flat out fail the test or at best fall into the chasm of inconclusive which I talked about in another post .
Curious , you go to the web site where some of your test subjects got their bad advice and you soon discover that there is not even one opponent of the polygraph on that web site who has experience conducting polygraph tests or who has any business pretending to be an expert on the subject , yet they are claiming that to pass the polygraph a test subject should use countermeasures which studies and your own experience have shown do not work .
So you make a decision to engage in discussions and debates with the opponents of polygraph on the web site so that other readers , some of which will be your own test subjects , will at least have one person offering good advice on the web site who knows what he is talking about .
You use an anonymous name and you never mention your employer but only portray yourself as the experienced polygrapher you are .
You feel safely anonymous on the web site because the web site states that a person may wish to remain anonymous and you can see that there are many people on the web site who choose to do so and use anonymous names themselves .
Of course whenever you voice an opinion in favor of the polygraph and in opposition to the people on the web site you are ridiculed , flamed and your knowledge and experience is discounted .
Correct or not you occasionally stoop to the level of the opposition and you ridicule or flame back , but at least unlike the opposition you have more than just having failed a polygraph test or a handful of biased or insupportable laboratory studies and your own conjecture to support your claims .
In most of your exchanges with the opposition you win hands down , at least in the eyes of anyone who knows anything about the polygraph or to any unbiased and objective observer .
But there is one thing you seriously misjudge about the opposition .
You misjudge the opposition 's level of integrity .
While the opposition is blindly biased against the polygraph and some of them understandably so because they once fell victim to an imperfect test process , you have no reason yet to judge them as lacking in integrity .
On occasion when you are not conducting polygraph tests you even visit the web site while at work because you still have no reason to doubt the integrity of Mashke or any other web site administrator .
You are not ( we should assume ) sitting on the internet all day viewing porn or playing video games .
You are not sitting in your office with the TV on watching the sports review or newscast while you are " supervising " subordinates .
You are not engaging in hours of personal telephone calls on company time .
You are not off on three hour " business " lunches .
What you are doing ( and put yourself in the good Agent 's shoes if you can ) is participating in debates with people who are offering bad advice to many of your own test subjects , and you are providing a voice of reason and experience to those same test subjects .
Do you not see that anyone with common sense would consider this an understandable and justifiable part of a well meaning polygrapher 's job ?
But since you are getting the best of your opposition day in and day out , the opposition desperately wants to silence you and get back to its one sided business of giving out bad advice and feeding its own feelings of self importance and revenge .
Therefor the opposition falls back on what we can all now see as its standard method of operation , which is claiming that any strong voice of opposition is " trolling " the internet , and then banning the " troller . "
But apparently that is not even enough for the web site administrator .
Oh no .
The web site administrator feels that the too strong voice of opposition must also be " named and shamed . "
This " naming and shaming " violates all standards of ethics and integrity of a supposedly anonymous web site claiming to be a forum for two sided discussion , but with the opposing voice " named and shamed " the administrator hopes the opposing voice will never come back again to disrupt the happy little one sided web site .
What the administrator perhaps fails to see is that by displaying this lack of integrity he is simply confirming the lack of integrity that is so often proven when a test subject fails a polygraph test .
Is n't that incredibly ironic ?
Now I leave you with two quotes which I think accurately portray the actions of the administrator and many other people on this website :
" Half of the harm that is done in this world is due to people who want to feel important .
They do n't mean to do harm .
But the harm does not interest them . "
T.S. Elliot
" He that studieth revenge keepeth his own wounds green , which otherwise would heal and do well . "
John Milton
Thank you for your time dear reader .
As a candidate for president , Barack Obama lambasted drug companies and the influence they wielded in Washington .
He even ran a television ad targeting the industry ’s chief lobbyist , former Louisiana congressman Billy Tauzin , and the role Tauzin played in preventing Medicare from negotiating for lower drug prices .
Since the election , Tauzin has morphed into the president ’s partner .
He has been invited to the White House half a dozen times in recent months .
There , he says , he eventually secured an agreement that the administration would n’t try to overturn the very Medicare drug policy that Obama had criticized on the campaign trail .
“ The White House blessed it , ” Tauzin said .
At the same time , Tauzin said the industry he represents was offering political and financial support for the president ’s healthcare initiative , a remarkable shift considering that drug companies vigorously opposed a national overhaul the last time it was proposed , when Bill Clinton was president .
If a package passes Congress , the pharmaceutical industry has pledged $ 80 billion in cost savings over 10 years to help pay for it .
For his part , Tauzin said he had not only received the White House pledge to forswear Medicare drug price bargaining , but also a separate promise not to pursue another proposal Obama supported during the campaign : importing cheaper drugs from Canada or Europe .
Both proposals could cost the industry billions , undermine its ability to develop new cures and , in the case of imports , possibly compromise safety , industry officials contend .
Much of the bargaining took place in July at a meeting in the Roosevelt Room , just off the Oval Office , a person familiar with the discussions said .
In attendance were Tauzin , several industry chief executives -- including those from Abbott Laboratories , Merck and Pfizer -- White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel and White House aides .
White House officials acknowledge discussing the importation question with Tauzin but had no comment on whether there was an agreement to block future Medicare price negotiations .
Yet everyone agrees that drug companies -- Washington ’s leading source of lobbyist money -- now have “ a seat at the table ” at the White House and on Capitol Hill as healthcare legislation works its way through Congress .
If nothing else , a popular president who six months ago criticized drug companies for greed now praises their work on behalf of the public good .
“ I think the pharmaceutical industry has been quite constructive in this debate , ” Obama told a small group of regional reporters last week .
“ And the savings that they ’ve put on the table are real and significant and are appreciated . ”
The pharmaceutical industry ’s political transformation provides an example of Obama ’s approach to achieving his healthcare goals , which includes negotiation and compromise , even with those he and his allies have painted as a source of the problem .
The benefits to the White House go beyond budget savings .
Tauzin ’s trade association , the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America , or PhRMA , is helping to underwrite a multimillion - dollar TV advertising campaign touting comprehensive healthcare legislation .
One ad resurrects Harry and Louise , the fictional couple whose caustic kitchen - table comments in ads sponsored by the health insurance industry helped sink Clinton ’s plan in 1994 .
This time , with the drug companies paying the bill , Harry and Louise have changed their view .
“ A little more cooperation , a little less politics , and we can get the job done this time , ” Louise says in the commercial , a joint project of PhRMA and Families USA , a health reform advocacy group with which the drug industry used to be at odds .
In an interview , Tauzin said he carefully negotiated his agreements with the White House , offering the $ 80 - billion discount program in return for assurances that there would be no government price - setting in Medicare Part D , the drug program for seniors .
It was important , he said , to block the threat of Medicare price negotiations , which he called tantamount to price - setting and a threat to the industry .
In addition , Tauzin said the industry asked the administration not to allow the import of cheaper drugs because of safety concerns .
Linda Douglass , a White House spokeswoman , said that when drug company executives brought up the import plan , they were told that the administration believed that health reform would reduce drug prices so significantly that the legislation once backed by Obama would “ not be necessary . ”
It ’s far too early to tell whether the pharmaceutical industry ’s decision to back Obama ’s health initiative will pay off .
“ Since Obama came into office , the drug industry has received everything it wants , domestic and foreign , ” said James Love , who leads an international nonprofit promoting low - cost distribution of drugs to fight the world ’s most devastating diseases .
“ Yes , the drug companies are getting tremendous sweetheart deals ” from Obama , said Lawrence Jacobs , a University of Minnesota political scientist who studies the history of health reform and other major social and economic changes .
“ But these bargains are the price of admission for achieving substantial reform . ”
Tauzin , a Democrat who helped found the conservative Blue Dog coalition in the House before switching to the Republican Party in 1995 , was chairman of the House committee that helped shepherd Medicare drug legislation through Congress , including the provision that the government not interfere with price negotiations .
Tauzin said PhRMA ’s support for Obama ’s initiative represented no shift in the industry ’s basic philosophy .
“ Our principles have n’t changed , but we are looking at a different situation today , ” he said .
“ There ’s an opportunity now to get a health bill passed that does n’t provide for government control of healthcare .
We are participating as fully as we can now because we see an economic and moral imperative to do something when so many millions of people do n’t have access to healthcare . ”
The prescription for PhRMA ’s partisan activities has changed recently along with the political landscape .
In 2005 and 2006 , during Tauzin ’s first two years at PhRMA , just a third of the industry ’s $ 19.5 million in campaign donations went to Democrats .
Tauzin came into the organization , he said , determined to make it more bipartisan and more generally appealing to the public .
This year , for the first time in two decades , Democrats have so far picked up more of the industry ’s campaign cash -- 54 % -- than Republicans , according to the Center for Responsive Politics .
And PhRMA , a reliable backer of conservative candidates and causes in the past , has shifted allegiance in other ways , including joining labor leaders in a high - priced ad campaign to build grass - roots support for Obama ’s health plan .
Besides the new “ Harry and Louise ” ads , the industry is underwriting commercials that praise potentially vulnerable Democratic incumbents .
Other things have n’t changed , including the industry ’s unrivaled investment in lobbying .
In just the last four months , the industry has spent $ 68 million on lobbying in Washington , assuring its continued standing atop the nation ’s lobbyist spending list .
Sen. Bernie Sanders ( I - Vt. ) , a champion of importing drugs from Canada and reducing the cost of pharmaceuticals , professes continued suspicion of the industry , including its deals with the White House .
“ The drug companies form the most powerful lobby in Washington , ” he said .
“ They never lose . ”
tom.hamburger@latimes.com
During a routine case in L.A. , NY private investigator Harry D'Amour stumbles over members of a fanatic cult , who are waiting for the resurrection of their leader Nix. 13 years ago , Nix was gunned down by his best trainee Swann .
In the meantime Swann is advanced to a popular illusionist like David Copperfield and is married to the charming Dorothea .
She hires D'Amour to protect Swann against the evil cult members .
A short time later Swann is killed by one of his own tricks and the occurrences are turning over , and it crackles between Dorothea and D'Amour .
Written by Sam Beckett < drgr4000@mailszrz.zrz.tu-berlin.de >
“ A - HOLE FOODS ” reads the image adorning one of the more supportive articles to appear in the past week about John Mackey , the boss of Whole Foods Market , an organic retailer .
In an op - ed article in the Wall Street Journal on August 11th , Mr Mackey set out some right - wing ideas for reforming health care strikingly at odds with those currently being pushed by the Obama administration .
This provoked uproar in the online community that now rules the world — with an army of bloggers demanding a consumer boycott of the company , around 13,000 joining a " Boycott Whole Foods " group on Facebook and Twitter circulating countless pledges never again to darken the doors of its stores .
The company soon issued an apologetic clarification , noting that Mr Mackey had expressed his own views , not those of the company .
He went even further on his personal blog on the firm 's website , pointing out that the title of the article in the Journal , “ The Whole Foods Alternative to Obama Care ” , had been added by an editor , and setting out the original , unedited version .
This still contained enough dynamite to have ensured controversy by challenging the views of many Whole Foods customers — including opening with this observation by Margaret Thatcher :
“ The problem with socialism is that eventually you run out of other people 's money . ”
Getty
Mackey : Open mouth , insert foot
Clearly , Mr Mackey is a boss who likes to speak his mind , usually with a directness and disregard for political correctness that makes him a journalist 's dream .
Earlier this month he was quoted in the same newspaper saying that ( as well as its healthy stuff ) , “ We sell a bunch of junk ” , a remark that echoed Gerald Ratner 's notorious act of business suicide in 1992 when he described an item sold by his eponymous British high - street jewellery chain as “ total crap ” .
So keen has been Mr Mackey to air his opinions that for years he posted trenchant comments on the Yahoo !
Finance message board under the pseudonym rahodeb , an anagram of Deborah , his wife 's name .
These included fierce criticisms of a competitor , Wild Oats , which Whole Foods later bought .
A journalist 's dream is a public - relations person 's nightmare — and , in this case , a shareholder 's nightmare , too .
Perhaps a few right - wingers will now start shopping at Whole Foods as a gesture of support for Mr Mackey , but the odds are against it .
A politically - motivated consumer boycott is the last thing Whole Foods needs at a time when it is also suffering from an economically - motivated boycott due to the high prices that earned it the nickname “ whole paycheck ” .
Ironically , it comes at a time when the retailer 's share price has been recovering from its lows last November , although at $ 28 it remains more than 60 % below its all - time high at the end of 2005 .
The clear moral of this tale is that shareholders should require those they hire to run their firms to be Trappists — certainly when it comes to controversial topics unrelated to the company 's activities , and which customers may feel strongly about , but perhaps in general .
It is no good arguing that consumers are being unreasonable in boycotting the firm : Mr Mackey , who often celebrates the authority of the market as a mechanism for allowing people to vote with their money , knows as well as anyone that they are entitled to spend their hard - earned cash as they please .
Customers are free to take their business elsewhere if they do n't like the views of the person running the firm , just as they might if they were disappointed that its Senegalese carrots were not organic .
Thus , the best strategy , from the perspective of maximising shareholder value , is probably for customers to know as little as possible about the personal opinions of a company 's boss .
When tempted to sound off on matters of controversy , bosses would be doing their shareholders a favour by taking a deep breath and then zipping it .
Of course , there will be exceptions to this rule — such as at firms which have made a brand out of their founder 's personality , such as Virgin and Sir Richard Branson — though even then , once the brand is established , the public comments of the founder must be managed with great care to maintain it .
This rule is bad news for society , which could do with hearing , from time to time , the logical arguments and wisdom built on experience that , at their best , business leaders can bring .
For the sake of better public debate , and the better policymaking that ought to result from it , here 's hoping that in this respect at least Mr Mackey puts the interests of his shareholders second , and continues to speak out .
Quick !
Guess the planet !
OK , if you guessed Saturn then a ) you 're smart , 2 ) you read the title of this post , c ) you read the " alt text " of the image , δ) you saw that bare hint of ring in the corner of the picture , or 5 ) you had a one in 8 ( or possibly 9 ) chance of getting it right .
But it is Saturn .
It 's the equinox !
This image , taken yesterday , is a raw one from Cassini .
In other words , it has n't been processed to clean up bad pixels and take into account other weirdnesses of the digital detector .
So you can't do quantitative science on it , but what you can do is look at it and see how the shadow of the ring on the cloudtops is a thin , thin line .
That means the Sun must be shining straight along them , like a tree casting no shadow at noon .
And that is exactly what 's going on .
The ring particles orbit Saturn exactly above its equator , and that means that if you were standing on Saturn 's equator ( or floating , I suppose ) you 'd see the Sun precisely overhead at noon .
That 's pretty much the definition of " equinox " .
It 's true on Earth , too .
The images are coming in from Cassini fast and steady , and it 'll be a few days before they can get all processed and pretty .
So for now , check out more raw images from the magnificent machine , and as spring settles in on Saturn 's northern hemisphere , we 'll see lots more coming from Cassini .
One of my significant finds , however , was not books but art postcards .
Also known as art cards or art notecards .
I looked on the Internet for a unique selection of art cards , but could n't really find anything like I saw in the bookstore .
Some sites , such as Pomegrante and Inkognito have art cards , but the true pleasure is in the diversity .
The Seminary Coop has artcards from many different sellers and therefore makes these finds worthwhile .
Attribution :
( from the top of the page )
1. Paul Bowles , circa 1949 by Karl Bissinger
2. Max Ernst , La Roue de la lumière ( The Wheel of Light )
3. Dorothea Lange , Migrant Cotton Picker , Elroy , Arizona , 1940
4. Michael Sowa , Kurz Vor Dem Fest
5. Paul Gauguin , Nirvana : Portrait of Meyer de Haan , c. 1890
6. Hiroshige , From One Hundred Famous Views of Edo : 82 Moon - Viewing Point ( 8/1857 )
7. Hiroshige , From One Hundred Famous Views of Edo : 27 Plum Garden , Kamata ( 2/1857 )
8. Quint Buchholz , Mann Auf Einer Leiter
and almost every time I go to Chicago now , I make it part of my schedule to visit the University of Chicago Seminary Coop Bookstore .
This wonderful bookstore has books stacked from ceiling to floor , and you feel like you 're walking through an underground labyrinth ; the rooms branch out from deeper and deeper tunnels .
The Small Pleasure of Art Postcards
Before I started reading and writing romance novels , I never would have thought there was anything remotely geeky about romance writers .
Wrong , wrong , wrong .
They 're some of the most geeky people on the planet .
So while I was attending the annual Romance Writers of America National Conference last week in Washington , D.C. , I started composing a list .
It 's by no means comprehensive , I had to cut stuff to get just 10 ( including their tendency to start randomly quoting Monty Python ) .
1 . They write comic books
New York Times bestselling author Janet Evanovich , who started her writing life as a romance writer , announced at the conference a contract with Dark Horse Comics to publish stories featuring the character Diesel from her Stephanie Plum stories .
Meanwhile , romance writer Marjorie M. Liu is currently writing Marvel 's Dark Wolverine .
2 . They read acceptance speeches from their iPhones
At the end of the conference , the annual Rita Awards are given out to the best published novels , the same as the Hugs and Nebula Awards at World Con .
It pays to make a list , as winners often forget who they need to thank .
But one took the list beyond the usual index card and used her iPhone instead .
3 . They love Buffy the Vampire Slayer and writer Joss Whedon
Nora Roberts , who needs no introduction to anyone who steps into a bookstore , keeps Spike on her writing desk .
New York Times bestselling author Jennifer Crusie contributed an essay , " Dating Death , " to the book Buffy , Seven Season of Buffy : Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers Discuss Their Favorite Television Show .
And author Jacqui Jacoby gave a workshop at RWA National on the lessons writers can learn from Firefly .
( More on this later in the week . )
4 . They vacation at World Con
Christine Merrill who writes for Harlequin Historicals , usually spends her summer vacation with her husband and two sons at wherever World Con is being held that year .
Last year , World Con came immediately after the RWA conference in SF , which she admits made things more than a little crazy , but definitely worth it .
5 . They 're web designers
Stephanie Leary writes code for a living and assured me that she could do what I needed to put up a new website in " like , 15 minutes , tops . "
This is reassuring to me , given that I 'm a sci- fi / comic geek , not a tech geek .
6 . They take their kids on research trips to the spy museum
New York Times bestselling author Alyssa Day had her two children with her in D.C.
Her 12 - year - old son was so thrilled with the International Spy Museum that he not only told me how great it was inside , but gave me memorized directions on how to get there .
7 . Their editors have geeky weddings
A certain editor , who shall remain nameless , ended her wedding reception with a Guitar Hero duel .
And during the weeks leading up to the duel , the husband and wife to be kept sneaking home to get in extra practice time before the big day .
8 . They keep X - Men on their desks
Barbara Caridad
Ferrer squealed like the fangirl she is when her figurine of Gambit arrived last year and now he proudly guards her desk .
Gambit and Friends Guard Barbara Ferrer 's Desk
9 . They hold forensic science workshops
A RWA workshop entitled " Mauled Men , Drowned Dames and Crispy Critters : Body Disposal Primer for Writers , " brought in those wanting to hide those ( fictional ) bodies with realism .
10 .
They blog and tweet constantly at conferences
The two places to find writers who were not in workshops at RWA National were the bar or anyplace with free wireless connections , because writers cannot be without their internet .
An Iranian passenger plane carrying 150 people has crashed in the north of the country , Irna state news agency says .
Stephen Pate , NJN Network , Charlottetown , Prince Edward Island , Canada , July 15 , 2009 with story from BBC
( BBC ) An Iranian passenger plane carrying 150 people has crashed in the north of the country , Irna state news agency says .
An Iranian official said the plane broke into pieces and all those on board are feared dead .
The plane , reportedly a Tupolev , came down in the Takestan region of Qazvin province , state television said .
The aircraft was travelling to Yerevan in Armenia , from the Iranian capital , Tehran , when it crashed , Iranian media reports say .
Qazvin is the largest city in the province of Qazvin and is its capital , with an estimated population of 330,000 .
It is about 90 miles ( 140 km ) northwest of the capital , Tehran .
Except where otherwise noted , this work is licensed under a Creative Commons License – NJN Network Inc .
Like this : Like Loading ...
In late April , an outbreak of a new strain of H1N1 Influenza , commonly called " swine flu " , was detected in Mexico City .
The initial spread of the virus appeared to be rapid - that , coupled with several deaths of young , otherwise healthy flu victims raised global awareness and initial alarm .
As of today , Mexico has confirmed over 800 infections and 42 deaths resulting from H1N1 - 22 countries worldwide now have reported 1,516 cases of influenza A ( H1N1 ) .
Recent reports have been more restrained , however , with no apparent evience of a pandemic , milder - than - expected flu symptoms , and a rate of infection only slightly higher than a normal seasonal flu .
Collected here are photographs of people in Mexico and around the world dealing with H1N1 or or preparing for possible encounters .
( 36 photos total
We ’ve all seen design patterns and heard about best practices in PHP development , but there ’s a darker , more sinister side to the “ practices ” examples that is usually just the stuff of folklore and legend .
Many a PHP developer brushes off their existence with a quick “ oh , I ’d never do that … ” or “ I ’ve seen other people ’s code like that … ”
What am I talking about ?
Why , only the very things that threaten to tear apart the language and the community as a whole !
That ’s right – PHP Worst Practices – and they ’ll sneak into your development as quick as you can bat an eye .
I ’m here as a guide through some of these .
The way I see it , if I can share as many as I can , you can see them coming a mile away and code around them .
So let ’s get on with the list – the sooner the better :
Beware the Outsiders
This practice ( “ Not Invented Here ” ) can be particularly deadly if you do n’t keep an eye out .
As developers , we ’re tempted to have a “ I can write it better ” mentality .
Do n’t try to deny it – you ’ve looked at an application and thought it just the same as the rest of us .
It ’s even worse when you ’re starting something new .
There ’s fresh clean horizion out there and who would want to muddle it with someone else ’s code ( SEC ) ?
Our code would be more pristine ( and probably work better ) if you take out an unknown like that – our would it ?
Stop and think for a second about this one .
Sure , you could cobble together your own library to add that feature and yes , it might integrate excellently with your code , but what does that gain you ?
One of the points of Open Source development is to share your knowledge with the rest of the community .
One way to do this is via code – posting your library so other can use it and * gasp * contribute to it for future versions .
Its this shared knowledge that you ’ll miss out on if you block SEC from your application .
Sure , it ’s not all good code , but there are some great sources out there ( PEAR , PHPClasses , Freshmeat ) to pick up just what you need .
Plus , it ’s win - win … you get a quick solution to your issue and you do n’t have to maintain that library in the future .
This practice ( “ Not Invented Here ” ) can be particularly deadly if you do n’t keep an eye out .
As developers , we ’re tempted to have a “ I can write it better ” mentality .
Do n’t try to deny it – you ’ve looked at an application and thought it just the same as the rest of us .
It ’s even worse when you ’re starting something new .
There ’s fresh clean horizion out there and who would want to muddle it with someone else ’s code ( SEC ) ?
Our code would be more pristine ( and probably work better ) if you take out an unknown like that – our would it ?
Stop and think for a second about this one .
Sure , you could cobble together your own library to add that feature and yes , it might integrate excellently with your code , but what does that gain you ?
One of the points of Open Source development is to share your knowledge with the rest of the community .
One way to do this is via code – posting your library so other can use it and * gasp * contribute to it for future versions .
Its this shared knowledge that you ’ll miss out on if you block SEC from your application .
Sure , it ’s not all good code , but there are some great sources out there ( PEAR , PHPClasses , Freshmeat ) to pick up just what you need .
Plus , it ’s win - win … you get a quick solution to your issue and you do n’t have to maintain that library in the future .
Unplanification
That ’s right , I said unplainification .
If you ’ve ever charged into a project full force without taking even a single second to think about its structure , you know where I ’m coming from .
It ’s that sinking feeling you get in the pit of your stomach when you ’re half way through the second library and you realize there ’s a much better way to do things .
This revelation is usually followed by a whispering in your ear … .
” I told you so . ”
This would be the combined voices of everyone in your past that tried to teach you the mantra : “ Plan First , Code Later ” .
Sure , you can get away without planning for the small stuff – test scripts , little cheesy two - page websites – but when you start talking web applications a plan is a must .
It does n’t have to be much , even some scribbles on the back of a napkin counts .
Just something to say you ’ve thought through the structure and pieces that ’ll make up the application .
Obviously , larger applications call for larger plans and it may require a team of people to work on the resulting project .
If you ’re not familiar on how to work with a development team , you ’d do well to read up on it a bit .
There ’s nothing quite like a good development team firing on all cylinders and drawing up a unified plan for the development to come .
Planning is a good thing and , while it might seem to be a hassle when all you want to do is code , do yourself a favor and take a deep breath and plan before a single line of code is written .
That ’s right , I said unplainification .
If you ’ve ever charged into a project full force without taking even a single second to think about its structure , you know where I ’m coming from .
It ’s that sinking feeling you get in the pit of your stomach when you ’re half way through the second library and you realize there ’s a better way to do things .
This revelation is usually followed by a whispering in your ear … .
” I told you so . ”
This would be the combined voices of everyone in your past that tried to teach you the mantra : “ Plan First , Code Later ” .
Sure , you can get away without planning for the small stuff – test scripts , little cheesy two - page websites – but when you start talking web applications a plan is a must .
It does n’t have to be much , even some scribbles on the back of a napkin counts .
Just something to say you ’ve thought through the structure and pieces that ’ll make up the application .
Obviously , larger applications call for larger plans and it may require a team of people to work on the resulting project .
If you ’re not familiar on how to work with a development team , you ’d do well to read up on it a bit .
There ’s nothing quite like a good development team firing on all cylinders and drawing up a unified plan for the development to come .
Planning is a good thing and , while it might seem to be a hassle when all you want to do is code , do yourself a favor and take a deep breath and plan before a single line of code is written .
The Documentation Wasteland
We ’re all guilty of it .
If you say you ’re not , be prepared to be called a liar and to have ASP .
NET stickers applied all over you and your computer .
Scripting is just so much damn fun that writing the code is what it ’s all about – make it work and make it awesome .
Is n’t that what really matters in software development ?
I hate to break it to you , but that ’s only half the story … really about three - fourths .
If you ’re writing your code without any sort of documentation , you ’re dooming you and possibly future maintainers of the code into many a pointless search to try to figure out why method a( ) returns two completely different value types depending on which parameters it ’s given .
Sure , you can trace through the code and figure out what ’s getting executed , but would n’t the world be a happier place if all you had to do was read a description .
Just a few little lines of comments ( like something phpDocumentor would parse ) and the problem is solved .
Sure , it ’s not going to provide every step the data takes , but it lets you know the “ why ” instead of just the “ how ” the code gives you .
Automatic documentation generation is a great step in the right direction ( and dead simple too ) as well as external documentation sources like wikis or standards documents .
Do yourself a favor – as you write your code , add some comments and write up some documentation .
You ’d be surprised how often you ’ll find yourself referring to it once it ’s reliable .
We ’re all guilty of it .
If you say you ’re not , be prepared to be called a liar and to have ASP .
NET stickers applied all over you and your computer .
Scripting is just so much damn fun that writing the code is what it ’s all about – make it work and make it awesome .
Is n’t that what really matters in software development ?
I hate to break it to you , but that ’s only half the story … really about three - fourths .
If you ’re writing your code without any sort of documentation , you ’re dooming you and possibly future maintainers of the code into many a pointless search to try to figure out why method a( ) returns two completely different value types depending on which parameters it ’s given .
Sure , you can trace through the code and figure out what ’s getting executed , but would n’t the world be a happier place if all you had to do was read a description .
Just a few little lines of comments ( like something phpDocumentor would parse ) and the problem is solved .
Sure , it ’s not going to provide every step the data takes , but it lets you know the “ why ” instead of just the “ how ” the code gives you .
Automatic documentation generation is a great step in the right direction ( and dead simple too ) as well as external documentation sources like wikis or standards documents .
Do yourself a favor – as you write your code , add some comments and write up some documentation .
You ’d be surprised how often you ’ll find yourself referring to it once it ’s reliable .
Free Your Mind
This one goes hand in hand with “ Beware the Outsiders ” but takes a slightly different turn .
It ’s too easy to get used to what you ’re doing and focus in on just those technologies .
You get used to the way your code works and you think that that ’s the only way it can work .
Except you ’re wrong .
You , as a developer , know that there ’s always more than one way to solve a problem .
Take that and carry it up one level and think about all of the technology that PHP can work with .
Your LDAP authentication might be working pretty well for what you ’re working on , but what if there ’s another component out there that could make it even easier ( and more customizable ! )
Do n’t let yourself get fooled into thinking that you have to stick with “ your way ” to do things just because that ’s how it ’s “ always been done ” .
There ’s too much awesome PHP code out there to be so narrow - minded .
There ’s even frameworks like the Zend Framework or CakePHP to give you some great ideas on component and framework structure .
Leave the confines of your cozy IDE and version control repository and look around – there ’s plenty of great code out there to learn from !
These are just a few … there ’s many , many ( many ! ) more out there that could be added to this list to avoid .
We ’ll always be tempted as developers to slip into these worst practices when its the easy way out .
You can your code deserve better , though .
Focus on the best practices , the right ways to do things and make them maintainable and easier to work with overall .
Republican Oklahoma Rep. John Sullivan sure seems to be talking out of both sides of his mouth .
Here ’s one side of his mouth :
“ This is a scary time in Washington , ” he said .
“ It ’s a very frightening time .
I see Barack Obama is creating an enemies list of people who oppose this miserable health care plan .
I think that ’s frightening .
That ’s from a guy that ca n’t even show a long - form birth certificate .
I think we all ought to be prepared to fight that . ”
And here ’s the other side ( in the same speech ! ) :
Cintas settles with drivers for $ 22.75 million Lawsuit
Cintas Corp. , the nation 's largest uniform provider , has agreed to pay $ 22.75 million to settle a lawsuit by delivery drivers who challenged the company 's refusal to pay them overtime .
Details of the settlement , including how many drivers it covers and how much they will receive , will be determined in discussions overseen by a federal magistrate in San Jose .
The agreement , which was announced Thursday , is subject to court approval .
That could take several months .
Eileen Goldsmith , a lawyer for the drivers , said at least 2,000 employees have joined the suit since it was filed in 2003 and likely would be eligible for a share of the money .
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
" We 're very pleased that we 're going to be able to get some relief for these people after a very long and challenging case , " she said .
Cintas CEO
Scott Farmer said in a statement that the company still believes the suit was unfounded " but decided to resolve the claims through mediation to avoid the additional expense of protracted litigation . "
The drivers pick up dirty uniforms and deliver clean ones to the customers of Cintas , a Cincinnati company that operates more than 400 facilities in the United States and Canada .
The company reported $ 3.9 billion in sales last year .
Federal law requires such companies to pay overtime to employees working more than 40 hours a week , but exempts many categories of commercial drivers .
The suit accused Cintas of misclassifying the drivers as exempt and sought compensation for unpaid wages dating back to March 2000 .
The case has been tied up for years in disputes over the scope of agreements signed by most of the drivers to take their grievances to arbitration .
Many drivers have also sued under the laws of the states where they live .
The case has also become an issue in union attempts to gain the right to represent Cintas drivers .
Cintas alleged that the suit was part of an effort by unions to pressure the company into allowing unionization without an election .
Workers United , a laundry workers ' unit of the Service Employees International Union that has been trying to organize Cintas production workers , praised the settlement .
" After six long years of delay tactics and needles posturing by Cintas , drivers will finally receive just compensation for overtime work , " said Workers United 's president , Bruce Raynor .
For years GE had a perfect record of earnings .
Too good to be true ?
Apparently .
According to the SEC , the company inflated savings and earnings through illegal accounting practices to the tune of $ 800 million .
Although the profits were n’t real , the executive bonuses were .
But those are safe .
Now the poor suckers who still own GE stock are left holding the bag for a $ 50 million fine .
From the Washington Post :
General Electric has agreed to pay $ 50 million to settle federal charges that it committed accounting fraud by reporting false financial results , the Securities and Exchange Commission said Tuesday .
The SEC filed civil fraud charges against GE , alleging that fraudulent accounting had allowed the company to boost its reported earnings and avoid disclosing negative results .
“ GE bent the accounting rules beyond the breaking point , ” said Robert Khuzami , Director of the SEC ’s Division of Enforcement .
“ Overly aggressive accounting can distort a company ’s true financial condition and mislead investors . ”
GE did not admit or deny the allegations in settling the charges .
“ We have concluded that it is in the best interests of GE and its shareholders to resolve this matter and put it behind us on the basis announced today , ” the company said in a statement .
The SEC alleged that four times in 2002 and 2003 , GE staff approved financial results that were not compiled using the accounting rules that public companies are required to follow .
In one instance , the accounting fraud allowed GE to meet analysts ’ expectations for its quarterly earnings though the actual results were worse , the agency said .
The SEC did not give a figure for the size of the alleged fraud .
But the agency said at least one accounting change resulted in $ 200 million in savings for the company and another was able to boost the company ’s earnings by $ 585 million .
The violations occurred throughout the company , from its financing arm to sales of trains and aircraft parts , the agency alleged .
The SEC said GE has corrected the violations and cooperated with the investigation .
The following is a fictitious , but predictable conversation :
Me : I have a problem .
Other guy :
Well , I have a solution !
Me : You have a solution ?
Other guy :
You bet !
Me : But I have n’t even told you what the problem is yet .
Other guy : Does n’t matter .
I already have a solution for it .
Me : [ sigh ]
Ok , smart guy , what is my solution ?
Other guy :
Why , it ’s obvious — the solution to your problem is : Big Government !
On any day of the year , one can find editorials , blogs , opinion pieces , and conversations anywhere and discover that the attitude exhibited by the other guy above is very prolific .
There is this unwritten assumption that , given any problem or bad news of any kind , that government politicians and bureaucrats know what ’s best for all of us ; that anyone who works for the government is , by definition , smarter , wiser , and has more honesty and integrity .
And so , every time something bad happens , they all respond with that all - too - predictable knee - jerk response that , by golly , the government needs to DO SOMETHING about it !
And inevitably , the government DOES indeed do something : it gets bigger and more powerful , and spends more money .
The purpose of this article is to demonstrate the silliness of that mindset , and to try to get people to think twice before responding with the automatic knee - jerk reaction described above — in short , to try and think “ out of the box ” of trying to fix every conceivable problem known to man with that same old worn - out response : that the solution is more laws , more regulation , more spending , more bureaucracy , more governmental power and control over our lives and private affairs , less freedom , and yet another “ War On [ fill in the blank ] . "
End the Fed Ron Paul Best Price : $ 1.12 Buy New $ 8.53 ( as of 10:10 EST - Details )
The knee - jerkers in our society come from all walks of life .
White , black , rich , poor , conservative , liberal , it does n't matter .
They see a need , and they assume bigger government will fill it .
Never mind that on any day of the year , boundless examples of governmental waste , fraud , abuse , and just plain stupidity can be found everywhere .
Here ’s some classic examples :
The government subsidizes tobacco companies , yet requires warning labels on cigarette packages .
Another : the government must invade Iraq because they masterminded the 9/11 attacks and had enough WMDs to defeat the USA .
Another : the federal government ’s inability to balance its budget now adds to over a $ trillion .
Each year .
I could go on .
The truth is that government is not the source of all prosperity , the answer to all questions , the solver of all problems , the boundless fount of wisdom and honesty .
Government employees are not gods !
They are but imperfect humans subject to the same faults as the rest of us .
A better description would be that they are a pack of blundering fools , hell - bent on accumulating power and control at our expense .
The song - writer was talking about government in that famous line : “ He ca n't even run his own life , I ’ll be damned if he ’ll run mine ! ”
The Evidence
So how can one PROVE that big government does not work ?
The first evidence is the following observation :
If big government is what you want , you got it !
Look around you !
The U.S. federal budget is way up in the multi -$trillions now .
The federal registry contains so many laws and regulations that it takes an entire building to house all the hard paper copies .
If you plotted government growth over the last 50 years on a graph , it would draw an upward - curving line that is now vertical .
The Case Against the Fed Murray N. Rothbard Best Price : $ 2.05 Buy New $ 2.99 ( as of 07:00 EST - Details )
And it ’s not just the federal government .
Out - of - control government growth is happening everywhere — it ’s happening in all 50 states , in every county , every city .
And it ’s not just the U.S. either — it ’s a global phenomena .
So clearly : if you are an advocate for Big Government , you won .
Hands down , with flying colors .
Those of us who tried to resist it never had a chance .
You left us in your dust .
But here ’s the real mind - boggler : the bigger government gets , the more people scream for bigger government .
It ’s like some kind of addictive narcotic .
This leads me to ask all you big - government advocates a basic question : where are you going with this ?
Will government ever reach a size where you will say : " OK , government is big enough now , we ’ve won all our battles , we can sit back and enjoy the fruits of our efforts . "
Based on historical trends , I would have to say the answer to that question is :
No , I do n’t think that day will ever come .
And the reason that the big - government advocates will never cease their efforts is : despite their belief that big government was supposed to solve all problems , it simply has not happened .
Problems still occur .
The perfect world that should have been attained by now has , in fact , not happened .
Which brings us to the next item of evidence to prove that big government does n’t work : history .
Throughout human history , there is a clear , irrefutable relationship between limited government and prosperity .
The ash heap of history is littered with tyrants and dictators that tried to mandate happiness and prosperity via big government and failed again : the USSR , Cuba , Cambodia under Pol Pot , Afghanistan under the Taliban , or pick your favorite Middle Eastern monarchy , or African or Central American banana republic du jour .
For the closest thing to a “ controlled test , " consider East and West Germany , or North and South Korea .
Here you have pairs of nations with the same history , same culture , same language , and the same natural resources , yet one was poor , one was relatively wealthy .
Why ?
One had big government , one had small government .
Go figure .
The next evidence is based on an industry - by - industry comparison .
Consider these industries : Transportation .
Energy .
Health care .
Education .
Insurance & financial services .
These are some of THE most highly regulated industries in our society .
And all of them are plagued with horrendous performance and sky - high prices .
When the banking and mortgaged industries melted down in 2008 , the knee - jerkers all said , " Well , the free market failed again !
Time to let the Government run things . "
These people never stopped to realize that those industries are hardly a bastion of free enterprise .
At the other extreme , consider these industries : Clothing & apparel .
Shoes .
Electronics .
Prescription eyewear .
Entertainment .
Beverages .
All these industries have ever - falling prices and ever - growing innovation and quality products — and relatively little government meddling .
The contact lenses I wear in my eyes are awesome , and cost so little I throw them away after 3 weeks .
If free enterprise works for eyewear , why would it not work for banking ?
The next piece of evidence comes from the Bible .
If you asked God what his opinion was of government , what would he say ?
This passage is a paraphrase from the Old Testament book of 1 Samuel , chapter 8 :
“ Give us a government ! ” the people demanded .
“ You do n’t want a government ” God replied .
“ Yes we do ! ” the people said .
“ Look , if I give you a government , here ’s what will happen :
It will turn your sons into cannon fodder , force your daughters to work in sweatshops , steal your land , your homes , your animals , and your paycheck , take away your kids , and generally make your lives miserable until you scream in agony . ”
The people replied , “ And your point is ? ”
God sighed .
“ Very well then , here ’s your government .
But do n’t say I did n’t warn you ! ”
Clearly , the Big Man Himself even thought government was a bummer .
Government defined
The Flight Of The Barb ... Smith , George Ford Best Price : $ 11.99 Buy New $ 10.95 ( as of 06:40 EST - Details )
So about now , the obvious question should be : What exactly IS government ?
The answer comes from German sociologist Max Weber : Government is that entity which has a monopoly on force within a prescribed geographic area .
The key word here is FORCE .
Government and only government can legally use physical force to achieve its goals .
Government agents can punish you , with whatever level of violence they think is necessary , to whip the citizenry into line .
A government agent can approach you with a deadly weapon and demand your money .
You and I can not legally do that .
But the agent can whip out a card that says he 's a government employee , and for reasons that befuddle me , it 's suddenly OK .
A government agent can tell a business owner : " Mr. Businessman , we do n't like the way you run your business , we do n't like the prices you charge , we do n't like what you pay your employees .
Our people will now come in and straighten things out . "
And if the business owner protests , they can haul him away and lock him up .
The government , by way of the Federal Reserve , can counterfeit our currency .
They say they ’re “ stimulating the economy , " but if you or I attempt to “ stimulate the economy ” like that , we would surely endure much suffering .
The targets of government violence do not even have to be inside our borders .
The U.S. government can say to any foreign government anywhere : " We do n’t like the way you govern your nation .
Therefore , we will attack you , invade you , embargo you , and bomb you until you fall into line with our desires . "
Government is violence .
And violence is never a tool of productivity , wealth , prosperity , or problem - solving , and it should not matter if the perpetrator has a card saying he's an employee of the government .
The only positive role of force in a civilized society is to DEFEND your life and property against others who employ violence or dishonesty .
But when government uses force to steal your property , run your life and your private affairs , counterfeit the currency , and provoke war , that is not defending anybody .
Let ’s call government what it really is : a gang of thugs .
The standard response to this charge is that government must do these things because they are acting in the " national interest " or the " common interest " or the " common good " or whatever buzzword you prefer .
So let me get this straight : the government must steal my money to pay hordes of fat - cat government bureaucrats their 6 - digit salaries because … it 's in my " interest " ?
The government must spend tens of $ billions of my dollars each month to turn some hellhole over in the Middle East into the biggest special interest project in history , because it's " good " for me ?
I have no patience with people who feel they can run my life and spend my money better than I can , and are all ready , willing , and able to physically punish me if I disagree .
Another standard answer is that government force is justified because “ the people ” voted for it , thus government has a “ mandate . "
Let ’s examine this myth .
If one does the math , one realizes that the President of the United States is usually elected by only about a fourth of the adult population .
( 70 million voted for Obama , out of a population of about 250 million over the age of 18 , yielding about 28 % . )
What kind of “ mandate ” is 28 % ?
And this figures gets much lower when state and local offices are considered , due to low voter turnout .
Furthermore , the typical average voter is a clueless moron who values style and image over substance .
Ask any voter in that 28 % group why they voted as they did , and odds are you will not get an intelligible answer .
They will probably say that the candidate “ made them feel good , " or that they simply picked a candidate at random , or they will give the “ sheep ” answer : “ everyone else was voting for him , so I did too ! ”
And this is how politicians acquire the power to run our lives ?
The Alternative So if government did n't " run the country " and protect the " public interest " and do all the things it attempts to do , who would ?
The answer , in short : people .
Workers , volunteers , entrepreneurs , you and me .
People , voluntarily cooperating with one another , acting in their own best interest , can solve problems and produce the goods and services we all need and want .
It 's called free enterprise — a system where people are allowed to buy , sell , work , and trade without interference , so long as their actions are peaceful and honest .
The free market always can solve problems and produce what people need better than government .
There are no exceptions .
Consider : an airplane crash , an event that most people instinctively think only government can prevent .
So which of these two people is in a better position to prevent an airplane crash ?
The CEO of the airline , who 's very livelihood depends on convincing the public that his product is safe , or some bureaucrat in Washington , who 's livelihood depends on the continuation of airplane crashes ?
Consider : government " entitlement " programs , where the vast bulk of the collected revenues go to bureaucratic overhead .
In contrast , non-profit organizations must demonstrate positive results , else their contributions will disappear .
Profit or non-profit , all private institutions in the free market must convince you to donate , or to buy their product , because it will make your life , or some else ’s life , better .
They must persuade you to come to work for them by offering a better job than the next guy .
Government , on the other hand , says : follow our orders or we will punish you .
The free market offers a positive incentive .
Government offers a negative incentive .
Is the free market perfect ?
Of course not , because the free market is run by people , and people are imperfect .
But wait a minute — who runs the government ?
People do , not gods !
But what about all those businesses and non-profits that run fraudulent operations and steal people 's money , or who hire goons and thugs to apply coercion ?
Let me point out that that is NOT free enterprise .
As already stated , people should be left alone as long as their actions are peaceful and voluntary .
It is true that , in any society , you will have some people who use violence and dishonesty to try to get ahead .
But this type of behavior has never been acceptable and has always been outlawed .
But let 's be consistent here — no exceptions if the violent perpetrator happens to bear a card saying he 's a government employee .
Conclusion
So where is this argument going ?
Should we totally abolish all government ?
Not necessarily .
Government can have a role , but it 's a very small role : to institute a system of justice to protect us from force and fraud .
As stated earlier , force is justified only for defending life and property .
There are those who feel that government should perform that task ; a compromise here is not unreasonable .
But everything else government does , or attempts to do , must go .
So quit supporting politicians who use every crisis , every emergency , every problem , every piece of bad news as yet another excuse to make government bigger , more powerful , and more expensive .
Instead , look for a politician who promises something like this :
" Because of the current crisis situation , I propose that we totally abolish each of the 100 government agencies listed on this report , and that we reduce government spending by 90 % .
Yes , I know it 's very drastic , and it will be very painful ; but , it 's an emergency .
And it 's a proven fact that big government does not work . "
August 19 , 2009
The Best of David M. Woods
Every day I get letters asking me to weigh in on the healthcare fracas .
As if a redneck writer armed with a keyboard , a pack of smokes and all the misinformation and vitriol available on the Internet could contribute anything to the crap storm already in progress .
Besides that , my unreasoned but noisy take on this issue is often about as welcome as a fart in a spacesuit .
None of which has ever stopped me from making a fool of myself in the past .
So here goes .
There ain't any healthcare debate going on , Bubba .
What is going on are mob negotiations about insurance , and which mob gets the biggest chunk of the dough , be it our taxpayer dough or the geet that is n't in ole Jim 's impoverished purse .
The hoo - ha is about the insurance racket , not the delivery of healthcare to human beings .
It 's simply another form of extorting the people regarding a fundamental need -- health .
Unfortunately , the people have been mesmerized by our theater state 's purposefully distracting and dramatic media productions for so long they 've been mutated toward helplessness .
Consequently , they are incapable of asking themselves a simple question :
If insurance corporation profits are one third of the cost of healthcare , and all insurance corporations do is deliver our money to healthcare providers for us ( or actually , do everything in their power to keep the money for themselves ) , why do we need insurance companies at all ?
Answer : Because Wall Street gets a big piece of the action .
And nobody messes with the Wall Street Mob ( as the bailout extortion money proved ) .
Better ( and worse ) presidents have tried .
Some made a genuine effort to push it through Congress .
Others expressed the desire publicly , but after getting privately muscled by the healthcare industry , decided to back off from the idea .
For instance :
Franklin Roosevelt wanted universal healthcare .
Harry Truman wanted universal healthcare .
Dwight Eisenhower wanted universal healthcare .
Richard Nixon wanted universal healthcare .
Lyndon Johnson wanted universal healthcare .
Bill Clinton wanted -- well we can't definitely say because he made sure that if the issue blew up on him , which it did , Hillary would be left holding the turd .
Is it any wonder that woman gets so snappy at the slightest provocation ?
First getting left to hold the bag on healthcare , then the spots on that blue dress .
So why did American liberals believe Obama would bring home the healthcare bacon ?
Because they live in an ideological cupcake land .
It 's a big neighborhood , a very special place where " Your vote is important , " and " by electing the right candidate , you can change our beloved nation . "
Most of America lives in that neighborhood , even though they 've never personally met .
It 's a place where the shrubbery and flowerbeds of such things as " values " and " hope " bloom .
Hope that our desires coupled with the efforts of a good and decent president can affect " change . "
Evidently these voters never heard the old adage , " Hope in one hand and piss in the other , and see which one fills up first . "
The slaughter of the innocents by the healthcare lobby has pretty much extinguished the political usefulness of the word hope .
Nobody , especially Obama , uses it now .
The first on - stage scuffle of the Obama administration , government assured healthcare , quickly settled down into the accustomed scenario of very rich and powerful people in expensive suits " finding middle ground , " otherwise known as the status quo .
Single payer healthcare soon became " a consumer government alternative to private insurance , " and is now " a system of health cooperatives .
Next comes " slightly better health insurance ( but not medical services ) than before , from the same insurance companies but at twice the price ; do n't worry though , we 're increasing your tax load so you can afford it . "
The televised screaming matches , having served their purpose , are over now .
The presidency and the nation have settled back into the normalcy of the officially sanctioned state consciousness and its curious non-language , one modified and shaped daily by corporate and government symbiosis .
Over generations we 've come to internalize this imagistic language , which is quite theatrical when heated up for public consumption and dully bureaucratic when attention is to be avoided .
But always it is void of content and any sort of truth .
In the corporately managed theater state , it 's not whether a thing is true that matters , but how it sounds and looks and what you call it .
Call end of life counseling a " death panel , " and you 've just turned mercy and choice into one more Great Satan .
In the end though , healthcare American style comes down to the preferences of two elite castes , Congress and corporate powers , neither of which can exist without the other .
Corporations need the government to sanction their methods of extracting wealth from the public .
Congress needs corporations to finance its campaign chariot races .
Right now members of Congress have an excellent chance of putting the arm on healthcare industry lobbyist for some real cash :
Senator Smedley Heathwood : " Oh , I dunno , I 'm sort of liking Obama 's alternative . "
Godzilla Healthcare Inc. : " Here , take this suitcase full of gold bullion , call me if you run short .
And remember , we 've got that ‘ Life is a pre-existing condition ' bill coming up in the Senate soon . "
Siamese twins , joined at the hip , they share the same goal , preservation of control -- the government 's social control and the corporations ' economic control .
And you cannot have one without the other .
Obama got elected on hope of reform , despite that one cannot reform a mafia , only pay increased extortion moneys .
He 's fortunate that it was not a genuine demand for reform , just hope .
We 're fortunate we did not demand reform because we 're not going to get it .
Obama does n't have to reform the healthcare industry mob .
All he has to do is look like he took a shot at it , and hope it 's convincing enough .
What we 've seen is probably his best shot , too .
Why not ?
There is always the off chance it might work , in which case his " presidential legacy " would be assured .
And if it does n't , well , the serious progressives who are screeching mad at him now will still have to vote for him as the incumbent in 2012 .
Or learn to love somebody like Mitt Romney , Sarah Palin , Mike Huckabee , Jeb Bush , Rick Santorum ( take your pick ) or some as - yet - unknown the GOP drags out from under the hen house and ballyhoos as a " new face . "
Luckily , Dick Cheney is out of the question , barring a coup by the far right wing of the schizophrenic GOP .
But still , after Palin , one shudders at the prospects .
Whatever happens , we will not see Congress stand up against the extortion of its people by the healthcare industry .
We will not see even the most ordinary kind of healthcare declared as a human right , as it is in so many other nations .
We will see , however , greater access to the public treasury by the insurance corporations .
Every nation in the world is now party to at least one treaty that addresses health as a human right , including the conditions necessary for the delivery of health services .
Healthcare is a right under the Universal Declaration of Human Rights .
Hell , even Saddam Hussein provided healthcare .
That Americans cannot grasp this fundamental aspect of human rights ( but then we cannot even get child nutrition , or limiting the number of times you can taser an old lady in an airport , out of the starting gate ) and join the civilized world and assure its people of such things is testimony .
Testimony that we live in a vacuum exclusive of the accepted standard of mercy and decency common to civilized democratic nations elsewhere .
Testimony that even we the citizenry would rather maintain and spread lies than accept truths such as most people in countries with universal healthcare would not ever give it up in favor of the U.S. system .
Most of all though , it is testimony that we live under an induced mass hallucination where spectacle replaces fact , information and common sense .
In place of actionable information , we are served up screaming red faces -- angry mobs manufactured for TV protesting " government interference in the people 's healthcare choices . "
One must wonder what inchoate anger is really being tapped by the organizers of these strange " citizen protests . "
As usual , the straw boogeyman of socialism is once more invoked .
" Oh my god !
I 'll have to give up my $ 1,100 a month insurance bill , which only pays 80 % of my insurance costs AFTER I pay the initial $ 5,000 of those costs !
If that ai n't Joe Stalin all over again , I do n't know what is ! "
We get the false media drama of " death panels . "
And being captives of spectacle and hyperbole , we friggin love it .
The idea of death panels plays to our childish attraction to the extreme and entertaining .
Killing Grandma is far more entertaining to our imaginations than say , guaranteed access to chest screens and blood pressure medicine .
Two generations into this national infantilization , it 's now the only national life we know -- the ideological spectacle made real .
To steal a page from Guy Debord , society has become ideology .
We live in an antidialectical false consciousness , imposed at every moment on everyday life as spectacle .
We are held in thrall .
Our faculty of ordinary encounter has been systematically broken down .
In its place we now have our unique social hallucination .
Never do we encounter anything directly , yet we get the illusion of encounter .
This includes encounter with each other .
Anyone who lives in meatspace with his or her fellow Americans could not deny 57 million of them health .
In this society no one is any longer capable of recognizing anyone else .
Instead , we see others as the screamers at the town hall meetings , or as communists who want to give free healthcare to illegals and establish death panels .
Or as Christian fundamentalists , or as liberals or conservatives .
Or as celebrities or as nobodies .
But most importantly , whenever we must reach any significant agreement as human beings , whether it be about something as globally insignificant as U.S. domestic policy ( we are only 6 % of the world population , and though it has n't soaked in yet to most Americans , we 're also broke and owe the Chinese loan shark a wad ) or as significant as global warming , we immediately cede the field to ideology .
We simply do n't know how to do anything else .
Ideology has utterly triumphed .
It has separated us from ourselves and built itself a home inside our consciousness , from whence it operates now as our reality .
There is no going back , only forward .
Given that we are a nation of children who prefer to close our eyes and make a hopeful wish with Tinkerbelle , rather than give hope the piss test , then let us hope to high hell .
We may as well go for broke .
So let us hope that , in going forward , new and unforeseen developments in the national consciousness occur .
Developments that offer an escape from this one so deeply colonized by the corpo-political machinery we created -- and which in turn recreated us .
One that will break us loose from enthrallment .
Maybe collision with a giant asteroid .
Or that Garth Brooks will be barred from making a fifth comeback tour .
That 's one hope .
A consciousness shattering event by American standards .
Another hope is for an absolute and total collapse of the system .
At this point , I 'll take what I can get .
_______
About author Joe Bageant is author of the book , Deer Hunting With Jesus : Dispatches from America 's Class War ( Random House Crown ) , about working class America .
A complete archive of Joe 's essays can be found at Joe Bageant is author of the book , ( Random House Crown ) , about working class America .
A complete archive of Joe 's essays can be found at http://www.joebageant.com
LIMA , Peru -- A diplomatic storm is brewing between Peru and Bolivia .
Bolivia 's president has accused Peru of thievery .
Peru's Congress issued a bristling denial .
Bolivian diplomats are threatening to take the dispute to an international tribunal at The Hague .
The two Andean neighbors are tussling over a costume in the Miss Universe pageant .
Last week , in the event 's national - costume competition , Peru 's candidate , Karen Schwarz , wore an elaborately embroidered outfit with a massive horned headpiece .
It was inspired by practitioners of a timeless Andean ritual known as La Diablada , the Devil 's Dance .
Bolivia 's Culture Minister Pablo Groux said what 's really fiendish about the costume is that it's a rip - off of Bolivian culture .
He maintains La Diablada originated in the 12,000 - foot - high Bolivian city of Oruro and that Peru 's imitation is threatening the national brand -- and the tourist industry .
Bolivia formally protested to Peru 's government and says it has protested to the Miss Universe pageant .
A new queen will be crowned in the Bahamas Sunday .
Peru 's foreign minister , José Antonio García Belaúnde , argues that Peruvians have also boogied to La Diablada for ages .
" Culture does n't have borders , " he said .
In a show of support for Ms. Schwarz , some Peruvian lawmakers recently lumbered out of their cubicles and tried performing the whirling devil 's dance in front of Peru's Congress .
Amy Wolfe , one of the subjects of a documentary about objectum sexuals ( people who fall in love with objects ) we posted on , is set to wed the amusement park ride she 's had an on - again - off - again relationship with for 10 years .
Advertisement
Objectum Sexuality : When Relationships With Inanimate Objects Become Intimate
You have got to see this documentary about " objectum sexuals , " people who fall in love with objects Read more
To refresh your memory , Amy is a 33 - year - old unemployed church organist who , upon first glance , looks like an out - and - proud lesbian , but only has eyes for objects like banisters , the Empire State building , and the Pennsylvania fairground ride 1001 Nacht , which she fell in love with 10 years ago and has finally decided to make a lifelong commitment to .
Advertisement
" I love him as much as women love their husbands and know we 'll be together forever , " Amy said of the ride that she claims to have a " sexual and mental " connection with .
She also said that she will be taking the last name Weber , after its manufacturer .
Witness some of their love in these clips :
Woman Getting Married To Fairground Ride [ Telegraph ]
Earlier : Objectum Sexuality : When Relationships With Inanimate Objects Become Intimate
Our Awesome Soaps
Our glycerin soaps are made from high quality vegetable glycerin ( except for our goat 's milk soaps ! )
Soap of the Month Club
Price : Various
Get a brand new , never before seen soap sent to your door every month !
For Men
Price : $ 6.95
A great selection of manly scents for manly men who bathe .
Handsoap Samples
Price : $ 9.95
Not sure you want a full slice of soap ?
No problem !
Grab a 3 - handsoap sample pack and try out some of our best selling soaps !
Bacon Soap
Price : $ 6.95 ' Nuff said .
Forest Service law enforcement staff was doubled from 14 to 28 agents in California between 2007 and 2008 , said spokesman John Heil , resulting in the eradication of 3.1 million marijuana plants in the last fiscal year .
Congress is responding too , with a recent $ 3 million supplemental appropriation secured by Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( D - Calif. ) that allowed the Park Service to add 25 new law enforcement officers to its Pacific Region parks … [ New York Times ]
" As more pressure happens in California , they 're going to start looking at Oregon , Nevada and Idaho , " said Krogen , of the High Sierra Volunteer Trail Crew .
" Then they 'll start looking at the Southeast too , closer to distribution . "
The widespread destruction of our national forests caused by illicit marijuana cultivation is becoming a bigger story every summer .
The problem just keeps getting worse and it seems that Mexican cartels are n’t the only ones cashing in on it :
The more marijuana gets planted , the more jobs are created for people to cut down the plants , which causes still more marijuana to get planted .
The harder you try to put a stop to this , the worse the damage gets .
The cops doing this work wo n’t hesitate to tell you that there 's more of it every year .
We have n't even scratched the surface of how bad it 's going to get :
Does anyone really believe that law enforcement is going to solve this problem ?
I 'm sure going on treasure hunts in the woods is a popular assignment , but I have a hard time believing that these guys actually think they 're accomplishing anything .
The bottom line is that legalization is absolutely the only option that exists for controlling where , how , and by whom marijuana is grown .
I hope it wo n't require the permanent destruction of precious natural resources across the country to illustrate that fact .
It never ceases to amaze me that all of this is happening because the government wo n’t let people grow their own marijuana .
Gizmodo got its hands on the new iPod Nano and posted some clips of what the video quality is like .
For a device as diminutive and seemingly fragile as the Nano , we ’re impressed .
Also , the video effects in the form of filters are a nice touch , and definitely serve as icing on the cake ..
Check out the videos after the break .
X - Ray Effect
i Pod Nano – Cyborg effect
i Pod Nano – Security Effect
i Pod Nano – Old Effect
i Pod Nano in low light
i Pod Nano footage in daylight
i Pod Nano – Thermal Effect
Close up shot with the iPod Nano
i Pod Nano – Tunnel Effect
That ’s a piece of Siberian tundra burning , but why ?
That ’s no forest fire but what you see here is a landing site of Russian Soyuz spaceship .
Soyuz TMA - 11 with a crew of 16 members returned to the on April 19 , 2008 after spending about six month in the open space .
It landed 420 kilometers far from where it was planned to land , but thanks God on a spot totally appropriate for such “ visits ” .
The astronauts , both men and women , were more than exited to feel the ground , though , standing on it was too hard for them after spending so many days in the state of weightlessness , which is fun only for a couple of days and then turns to be a really awful thing to be in .
The crew was warmly welcomed home , given flowers , kissed , hugged , and taken to the rehabilitation centers , where they will have a lot of recreation therapies of all kinds .
A bunch of photo reporters were running here and there , taking photos of how this all was happening .
If your kids still want to be astronauts , you can show them the pics , just in case .
Photo credits – 1
NSFW A 22 - year - old Swedish woman has been found guilty of " assault and sexual harassment " for tucking into a stranger 's penis after he declined her offer of a swift BJ , The Local reports
The incident took place in March at a fast food outlet in Falköping .
The unnamed assailant " approached the man and asked him several times if he would like her to perform oral sex on him " .
He turned down her kind offer , then " kept trying to reason with her as he turned his body away from her advances " .
Evidently desperate for some fast food , she quickly " pulled his trousers down and sank her teeth into one side of his penis " and " scratched him in the face " for good measure .
The woman admitted to Skaraborg District Court she 'd been " very much under the influence of alcohol and did not remember having set foot in the fast food restaurant " .
The court said the credibility of the victim 's story was supported by the fact it was so unusual the judges " did not believe he had made it up " .
He also had a witness , snaps of the wounded member and a doctor 's note confirming the injuries .
The assailant was slapped with a suspended sentence , fined 80 days ' wages and ordered to pay her attempted lunch 11,600 kronor ( £ 895 ) in damages . ®
Mr Pandeya says the acquisition of The Pirate Bay would still go ahead .
File - sharing website The Pirate Bay ( TPB ) is back online after its former internet service provider ( ISP ) was forced to take down the site .
Stockholm district court made the order on 21 August , saying ISP Black Internet would be fined 500,000 kronor ( £ 43,000 ) if it did not comply .
The court order was the result of legal action brought against The Pirate Bay by the music and film industry .
However , TPB was back online within a few hours with a new carrier .
In a press release , parodying Winston Churchill 's famous speech of 1940 , the Pirate Bay team said they would keep the site running " for years if necessary " .
" We shall fight on the beaches , we shall fight on the baywords.org , we shall fight on the /. and on the digg , we shall fight in the courts ; we shall never surrender , " according to the release .
This is the latest twist in the long - running saga of The Pirate Bay and can only add to the uncertainty surrounding the purchase of the site by Swedish - based Global Gaming Factory ( GGF ) .
Trading in GGF shares was suspended on Friday and there are reports that the firm 's chairman - Magnus Bergman - has resigned .
GGF agreed to pay 60 m kr ( £ 4.7 m ) to take over TPB in June this year .
The Swedish stock market is investigating whether GGF has sufficient funds to complete the sale .
In an exclusive interview with BBC News , GGF 's chief , Hans Pandeya , said that the acquisition of The Pirate Bay would go ahead on 27 August as planned .
" The Aktietorget - the Swedish stock market - said they wanted more information on investors , which we said we would release after the acquisition , " he said .
" There are risks and possible lawsuits , and this makes people nervous .
" None [ of the investors ] wants to give out their details , otherwise the media will attack them , " he added .
Mr Pandeya said he had no knowledge of Mr Bergman 's resignation , as reported in the Swedish media , but he added that the company knew he was going to leave soon .
You are not supposed to buy an illegal site .
This is out - of - the - box thinking
Hans Pandeya
Global Gaming Factory
" We are going to have a shareholder meeting to get a new board and we were doing that because Magnus was going to leave , " he said .
" I have not had any information that he had already left and I met him on Friday and he did n't say anything . "
Business model
The deal would see the new Pirate Bay host legal content , paying copyright holders for their work and paying file sharers for making their files available .
The company is also looking at harnessing the storage capacity and processing power of the file - sharing community , creating a powerful grid of peer - to - peer linked computers to share legitimate files .
Mr Pandeya said the unusual nature of The Pirate Bay did not sit comfortably with some Swedish bankers .
Mr Pandeya says the acquisition of The Pirate Bay would still go ahead .
" You are not supposed to buy an illegal site , " he said .
" This is out - of - the - box thinking .
" Because it is unconventional it is viewed with uncertainty by Swedish culture , even if I do n't view it that way .
" Because of that , they want details and 100 % assurances , but in business that is not always something you can get , " he said .
Mr Pandeya said that despite this he was hopeful the Aktietorget would let GGF resume trading .
" Why stop trading when , in three days , we will find out if [ the acquisition ] is real ? " he asked .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
XINGU NATIONAL PARK , Brazil 
As the naked , painted young men of the Kamayurá tribe prepare for the ritualized war games of a festival , they end their haunting fireside chant with a blowing sound  “ whoosh , whoosh ”  a symbolic attempt to eliminate the scent of fish so they will not be detected by enemies .
For centuries , fish from jungle lakes and rivers have been a staple of the Kamayurá diet , the tribe ’s primary source of protein .
But fish smells are not a problem for the warriors anymore .
Deforestation and , some scientists contend , global climate change are making the Amazon region drier and hotter , decimating fish stocks in this area and imperiling the Kamayurá ’s very existence .
Like other small indigenous cultures around the world with little money or capacity to move , they are struggling to adapt to the changes .
“ Us old monkeys can take the hunger , but the little ones suffer  they ’re always asking for fish , ” said Kotok , the tribe ’s chief , who stood in front of a hut containing the tribe ’s sacred flutes on a recent evening .
He wore a white T - shirt over the tribe ’s traditional dress , which is basically nothing .
Chief Kotok , who like all of the Kamayurá people goes by only one name , said that men can now fish all night without a bite in streams where fish used to be abundant ; they safely swim in lakes previously teeming with piranhas .
A strip club is n’t the only place in town you can see a pole dance — amazed passengers on an L train watched in awe as a naked young woman competed with straphangers for space on a pole .
The performance by actress Jocelyn Saldana , 19 , lasted just 30 seconds , and some of the passengers probably thought they were hallucinating or dreaming .
Most were blasé .
But one woman started screaming and an elderly man next to her got the shakes .
That free show in mid-June — as well as similar ones from Times Square to Chinatown — were the creation of photographer Zach Hyman , 22 , whose portraits are never under - exposed .
The photographer and his volunteer models do n’t spend much time on location .
The model quickly disrobes and Hyman gives himself only 30 seconds to fire off 10 shots with his Hasselblad 500 film camera .
Alex Reisner , a 20 - year - old Columbia student , had a very appreciative audience when she disrobed in Chinatown .
When Hyman snapped her jumping in the air in the middle of the street , the crowd burst into applause .
“ There was so much adrenaline , ” she said .
“ I was bouncing around for the rest of the day .
I told him I want to pose nude every weekend . ”
Hyman noted that “ photographing females in public is easier than males .
“ People see a naked woman and they smile , ” he said .
“ They see a penis and they freak out . ”
Hyman is opening a show tonight at Chair and Maiden Gallery in the West Village featuring 14 of his favorite shots of Nude Yorkers .
His photo shoots involve precautions that not many of his colleagues have to worry about .
Like taking along a lookout to spot cops , keeping bail money on hand , and making sure his lawyer is on speed dial .
“ In Times Square , there are cops everywhere , ” Hyman said .
“ It seemed that always right before or after the shoot , a cop car would roll by .
Thankfully , we never needed bail money .
But I have a clean record , so I ’m open to the experience of getting arrested . ”
Hyman says his series was inspired by classic nude paintings at the Met .
Like those nudes , he insists his images are not pornographic .
“ We all have these parts — it ’s one of the unifying aspects of being human , ” he says .
jsilverman@nypost.com
Recently by Gary North : Why I Missed Armstrong ’s Walk on the Moon
Have you ever heard this argument ?
“ The national debt is too high .
We are laying an enormous burden onto our children . ”
It is misleading .
In what way ?
Because our children , like Atlas in Ayn Rand ’s novel , will shrug .
They will send Congress a message : “ No more . ”
Congress always responds to immediate threats regarding future sanctions .
Whenever Congress thinks the voters will remember a vote at the next election , and will probably impose negative sanctions on incumbents , Congress always sees the light .
“ When we feel the heat , we see the light ” said Senator Everett Dirksen a generation ago .
His observation still holds true .
Our children are not going to pay off the suckers — us — who naïvely thought they could pass on the Old Maid of government debt to them .
Here is economic reality .
Taxpayers and Treasury debt buyers are paying for all of the benefits that voters enjoy as recipients of government - funded programs .
Voters are not transferring these costs to future generations .
Costs are inescapably the same as benefits .
If we receive present benefits , someone pays for these benefits in the present .
The only questions are these : Who Wins ?
Who loses ?
How soon ?
Economists despair about their inability to get across this simple idea : we consume only present goods .
Economics students nod their heads in agreement with the professor .
“ Yes , yes ; we know that . ”
But they do n’t know it .
As soon as they start to vote , they forget .
THE ECONOMICS OF THE COOKIE JAR
When you catch your child with his hand in the cookie jar , you can be certain of one thing : he is after a present cookie .
You can also be sure of something else : he does not intend to replace that cookie .
He is driven by the desire for present gratification .
When you think of “ child with its hand in the cookie jar ” think “ Congress . ”
The difference is , a child will not respond to being caught with these words :
“ This is in the best interests of the nation .
” ” We are acting as an agent of the People . ” ” Everyone deserves a fair share .
” ” We owe it to ourselves .
” ” We promise to replace this cookie with two cookies of equal or greater value in ten years . ”
Think of national economic production as a cookie factory .
People are employed to produce cookies .
They eat cookies , but they also make cookies .
If they made no cookies , could they eat cookies ?
Only those cookies already in the cookie jar .
If , because of a war , the government tells the public that from now on , “ we must support the troops , ” this means that those at work in the cookie factory must send cookies to the troops .
The troops will be consuming cookies .
They will not be producing cookies .
THE COSTS OF WAR
In his radio address to the nation on December 9 , 1941 , President Roosevelt did his best to substitute the inspirational word “ privilege ” for the economically correct word , “ sacrifice . ”
This was a way to describe costs as benefits .
On the road ahead there lies hard work — grueling work — day and night , every hour and every minute .
I was about to add that ahead there lies sacrifice for all of us .
But it is not correct to use that word .
The United States does not consider it a sacrifice to do all one can , to give one ’s best to our nation , when the nation is fighting for its existence and its future life .
It is not a sacrifice for any man , old or young , to be in the Army or the Navy of the United States .
Rather it is a privilege .
It is not a sacrifice for the industrialist or the wage earner , the farmer or the shopkeeper , the trainmen or the doctor , to pay more taxes , to buy more bonds , to forego extra profits , to work longer or harder at the task for which he is best fitted .
Rather it is a privilege .
It is not a sacrifice to do without many things to which we are accustomed if the national defense calls for doing without it .
A review this morning leads me to the conclusion that at present we shall not have to curtail the normal use of articles of food .
There is enough food today for all of us and enough left over to send to those who are fighting on the same side with us .
But there will be a clear and definite shortage of metals for many kinds of civilian use , for the very good reason that in our increased program we shall need for war purposes more than half of that portion of the principal metals which during the past year have gone into articles for civilian use .
Yes , we shall have to give up many things entirely .
And I am sure that the people in every part of the nation are prepared in their individual living to win this war .
I am sure that they will cheerfully help to pay a large part of its financial cost while it goes on .
I am sure they will cheerfully give up those material things that they are asked to give up .
In other words , the cookie jar would soon suffer a substantial increase in demand from people who were no longer engaged in the production and distribution of cookies .
He predicted that those Americans who were still involved in the production of cookies would cheerfully eat fewer cookies , for the sake of the troops .
But , just in case this cheerfulness waned , the President oversaw the creation of the War Production Board , which came into existence on January 16 , 1942 .
It set up a rationing system .
THE COSTS OF DESTRUCTION
When a member of the military dies in action , he pays the ultimate price .
There is no deferral of payment .
He is gone .
He has to be replaced .
Someone else must now put his life on the line .
There is no bond market for human lives .
During World War II , there is no illusion among Gold Star Mothers that this cost of the war could be passed on to a future generation .
A grave marked the end of that particular generation wherever the occupant had not fathered a child .
In Europe , tens of millions of civilian graves marked the reduction of the size of future generations .
There was no bond market for these productive assets , either .
What voters understand clearly with respect to the most productive assets — human beings — they do not understand with respect to all other productive assets .
A crashed airplane , a burned - out tank , a demolished jeep : they are all junk .
They are all finished as assets .
They were paid for , but they are worthless now except as scrap metal on a battlefield .
They must be replaced .
What is the difference between the productivity of a burned - out tank and the men who died in that tank ?
Scrap metal value .
The burned - out tank may be worth more than the remains of those who died inside it .
We do not like to think this way , but from the point of view of economics , it is true .
THE BOND MARKET
In a popular war , there is a war bond market .
The mark of an unpopular war is the absence of any war bond market .
The last American war bond market was in World War II .
The U.S. government sold war bonds in World War II .
The total by the end of the program in 1946 was $ 186 billion — in early 1940 ’s dollars — a gigantic amount .
The War Finance Committee and the War Advertising Council spent more money on this ad campaign than any other in the history of American advertising .
But why did the government sell them ?
If the cost of the war in men and material was paid for by those on the battlefield who suffered and died , as well as by the folks back home who had to reduce their consumption , what did the war bond produce of economic value ?
A war bond could not reduce the loss of human life .
It could not reduce the number of burned - out tanks .
In short , a war bond could not reduce the cost of the war .
Then why sell them ?
The reason was motivation .
The cookie jar was being depleted , day by day .
This meant that replacements were necessary .
Folks back home who were engaged in war production would have to reduce their consumption .
This output had to replace whatever had been lost .
Let us return to the three crucial questions .
Which folks would have to cut back ?
Which folks would n’t ?
For how long ?
The war bond drives persuaded half of the folks back home to forego present income for the sake of future income .
Income in what form ?
Pieces of paper with dead politicians ’ pictures on them ?
No .
The promised future income would be America ’s survival as an independent nation .
The appeal made by the government to buy war bonds was not the promise of personal economic gain in the future .
It was to win the war by supporting the troops .
Then who were the winners ?
Those Americans who refused to buy war bonds and who saved their extra money to make down payments on unimproved land , especially in the Los Angeles area or in Westchester County , north of New York City .
The bond sellers never explained how buying a war bond supported the war effort .
They did not say the following :
“ Buy a war bond so that you will not be tempted to use your money to compete in the consumer goods market .
That would drive up consumer goods prices .
The government has imposed price controls on these goods .
But if you will not buy war bonds , you will be tempted to spend the money in the black market .
We ’re onto you .
We know that privilege has long since turned into sacrifice , and you are tired of so much sacrificing .
We are selling war bonds to re-kindle the sacrifice motivation .
This will keep you out of the black market .
This will in turn lower the costs of whatever the government buys . ”
Today , no one in government is so naïve as to try to sell war bonds .
There are costs , but these costs are funded by Congress through taxes and the sale of conventional Treasury debt .
Instead of war bond drives , the Treasury sells bonds to Asian central banks and American investors .
Buyers of long - term bonds are concentrated in the life insurance industry .
Life insurance companies buy long - term bonds to cover long - term legal liabilities .
What are these liabilities ?
To pay dollars .
This is not a legal liability to pay dollars of constant purchasing power .
Just dollars .
“ TRUST US ”
The government promises to pay off holders of Treasury debt .
The government ’s debt has a AAA rating .
Note :
So did lots of subprime mortgages .
The government sells its debt as a way to keep from having to raise taxes to pay for government programs .
Who pays for these programs ?
Taxpayers and buyers of Treasury debt .
When are these costs imposed ?
Today .
What has been transferred to Treasury debt investors ?
A promise to pay dollars in the future .
Not dollars of constant purchasing power .
Just dollars .
Question : “ What is the difference between a cashed Social Security check and crashed warplane ? ”
Answer : “ The plane does not vote . ”
Do present costs get transferred to future taxpayers ?
No ; they are paid for by present taxpayers and investors .
Then what do present investors receive ?
IOU ’s .
Lots and lots of IOU ’s .
Issued by whom ?
Congress .
As the Mogambo Guru would say , “ hahahahaha . ”
Let ’s get this straight .
We are not transferring present costs to future generations .
We are pressuring Congress to write present IOU ’s for future repayment .
We are transferring present costs to present investors in IOU ’s issued by Congress .
As to whether any future generation decides to pay off these IOU ’s is up to them .
But if you look at a chart of the IOU ’s in relation to present tax revenues , it seems a bit far - fetched to imagine the future taxpayers will pay off these debts .
After all , we are n’t .
Congress runs an official $ 1.8 trillion on - budget annual deficit , this sends a message : “ We prefer that investors pay today ’s costs . ”
Why should this change ?
It will not change .
What will change is the willingness of investors to pay for today ’s costs in exchange for low - interest IOU’s .
IOU ’S OF OUR FATHERS
In Clint Eastwood ’s movie , Flags of Our Fathers , there is a scene that stands out as one of the most illuminating scenes in the history of America ’s movies on World War II .
The three surviving military personnel who were in the second Iwo Jima flag - rasing photo — the rigged one — are stateside .
They are skeptical about their role as heroes .
They do n’t see that they did anything special .
The Marines ’ press secretary informs them that they are there to sell war bonds .
This seventh war bond drive was expected to fail before the flag photo captured Americans ’ hearts .
He did not say , “ If we ca n’t sell bonds to the public , the Federal Reserve System will be the only buyer , and it will have to create the money out of nothing , which will produce shortages , because of higher prices in the black market , ” but that was the implication .
The patriotism aspect of buying bonds is long gone .
Today , the sales pitch is safety .
“ Investors will get their money back .
The market is liquid .
Investors can get their money back at any time .
Yes , rates are low .
Yes , the Federal Reserve System doubled the monetary base in 2008 to keep alive the bond market .
But this market is trustworthy .
Price inflation is not a threat . ”
Implied message : it will never be a threat .
But if it ever becomes a threat , you can sell your bonds and get your money back .
This means that the IOU ’s of our fathers , which were never paid off , but were merely rolled over by selling more IOU ’s , have set the pattern .
The patriotism is gone ; the market for rolled - over Treasury debt is with us still .
When it comes to government debt , the World War II song that most closely matches the market is “ Roll Me Over . ”
CONCLUSION
All costs are present costs .
It is only a question of who pays them and why .
Anyone who says that we are passing on present costs to future generations does not understand economic cause and effect .
We are told that we are using politics to leave a massive debt to our children .
Really ?
Which children ?
The typical taxpayer ?
He or she can vote .
As soon as this tax burden grows too heavy , the voters will demand that it be reduced .
Congress will then sell more debt , just as it always does .
At some point , that debt will not find a market .
The great default will then take place .
At that point , Congress ’s IOU ’s will become IOU Nothings .
The Great Default is coming .
Count on it .
Gary North [ send him mail ] is the author of Mises on Money .
Visit http://www.garynorth.com.
He is also the author of a free 20 - volume series , An Economic Commentary on the Bible .
Copyright © 2009 Gary North
The Best of Gary North
So recently I tweeted that I needed William Shatner to come to my house in order to save my marriage .
I was n’t very detailed on the whole thing because honestly these are the kind of personal marital matters that you do n’t air on twitter .
Then someone pointed out that William Shatner is actually on twitter so I started contacting him directly .
An exact re-enactment of my tweets :
“ Okay , do n’t ask why but I need to get William Shatner to come to my house asap . “
“ Seriously , does anyone know him ?
My marriage is in peril . “
“ Dear @WilliamShatner : I need you to come to my house to save my marriage .
No sex involved . ”
“ Unless you * want * to have sex .
Which is totally fine . ”
“ But not with me though because I ’m married .
Please bring your own hooker . ”
“ BYOH ” “ Oh my God , what am I saying ?
I am the worst hostess ever .
I will totally provide the hooker if you just come to dinner . ”
“ I need to know your preferences though or else I ’ll just default to hot Asian cheerleader . ”
“ Fuck .
Dear @WilliamShatner .
Please ignore my last several tweets .
I ’m a little drunk .
And dangerously close to paying too much for travel . ”
“ Please come to my house and save me from myself . ”
“ There may or may not be hookers here . ”
“ Please give me a sign . ”
And then absolutely nothing happened for two weeks on Shatner ’s end .
On our end Victor and I had a series of arguments , I maimed a cat ( in my head ) because of stress , we got a bomb threat and Victor got stabbed right after he said something about how if I was more “ relevant ” William Shatner would have responded to me ( those last two things are unrelated but I like to group them because it makes William Shatner sound more responsible for destroying my marriage ) .
And honestly , I was fine .
William Shatner did n’t respond and I did n’t send him dead hamsters in the mail and it was all very civilized and I even responded to a Shatner fan in my advice column about the rules of loving the Shat .
Then today I thought I should totally send Bill a link to my post about his awesomeness so I went into twitter and noticed that I was no longer following him for some strange reason .
‘ Surely a twitter glitch ’ , I thought .
I never unfollow anyone .
Too lazy for that .
And that ’s when I discovered something .
WILLIAM SHATNER HAD BLOCKED ME .
Fuckin’ A , y’all .
I ’m not even kidding .
Like , he had to go out of his way to find me and block me to keep me from being able to read about how he just recorded a Christmas song .
I NEED TO KNOW THAT SHIT , BILL .
Honestly , it ’s a little strange and I do n’t know what to do with these emotions because no one has ever blocked me before ( that I know of ) and I ’ve never blocked anyone ( except for when I preemptively blocked Oprah but she knows why ) and honestly I was a little shocked and when Victor came in and I had to admit that his idol had blocked me I actually had a single teardrop run down my face and it was mostly allergies but some of it was pain .
Then Victor was all “ Meh. Probably heard we spent too much on travel ” and I ’m all “ THAT ’S WHAT I WARNED HIM WOULD HAPPEN ” and then Victor walked away very smugly and now I kind of do want to stab him and this time it totally will be William Shatners fault .
Conclusion : William Shatner should be arrested for attempted murder .
PS .
I might be overreacting because I did have a similar reaction earlier this week when Robert Scoble unfollowed me for being not smart enough and I sent out a series of irrational tweets alternatingly proclaiming my love for Robert Scoble and also accusing him of murdering rabbits and purposely destroying my very spirit and then the next day I realized that he was actually still following me after all .
* Awkward . *
But this is totally different because I ’m not overreacting this time and William Shatner is the anti-Christ kind of hurt my feelings .
This is probably exactly how Oprah felt .
Except that Oprah actually deserved it .
PPS .
Ow , Bill .
Ow .
Comment of the day :
It was the Asian cheerleader …he knew you were n’t a real fan or you would have picked the right kind of hooker .
~ a
A Long History Of Groundbreaking Cases
Our cases have received national and international press coverage in the New York Times , the Washington Post and the International Herald Tribune , and on public radio .
Recent notable cases include the multi-plaintiff race discrimination case against the Minneapolis Police Department by high - ranking African - American officers , the sexual harassment and discrimination cases we handled against the former Minneapolis fire chief and the Minneapolis Fire Department , and recent trial victory on behalf of a decorated female firefighter who was demoted in retaliation for asserting her First Amendment rights .
We also represented a plaintiff in one of the largest single plaintiff sexual harassment cases in Minnesota history .
Our Practice
Our plaintiff - oriented practice encompasses areas of law related to :
Whistleblowers :
We are committed to protecting and representing qui tam whistleblower employees who oppose and report illegal fraud actions under the federal False Claims Act .
We also represent whistleblowers under the Minnesota Whistleblower Act .
If an employer fired , demoted or otherwise punished you for whistleblowing , we can help get compensation for that retaliation .
We are committed to protecting and representing qui tam whistleblower employees who oppose and report illegal fraud actions under the federal False Claims Act .
We also represent whistleblowers under the Minnesota Whistleblower Act .
If an employer fired , demoted or otherwise punished you for whistleblowing , we can help get compensation for that retaliation .
Employment law violations :
Our firm prides itself on protecting employees ’ rights and fighting against employment discrimination and harassment based on gender , age , disability , race , religion or sexual orientation .
Minneapolis employment law attorney John Klassen is Board Certified as a Labor and Employment Law Specialist by the Minnesota State Bar Association .
Our firm prides itself on protecting employees ’ rights and fighting against employment discrimination and harassment based on gender , age , disability , race , religion or sexual orientation .
Minneapolis employment law attorney John Klassen is Board Certified as a Labor and Employment Law Specialist by the Minnesota State Bar Association .
Business litigation :
Whether you have needs related to shareholder disputes , executive employment agreements , severance packages , noncompetition agreements or other business contracts , we can provide you with the insightful counsel and litigation experience you require .
Whether you have needs related to shareholder disputes , executive employment agreements , severance packages , noncompetition agreements or other business contracts , we can provide you with the insightful counsel and litigation experience you require .
Sexual abuse litigation :
If your child or a vulnerable adult loved one was mistreated or abused while in the care of a state or private institution , we can use our experience and proven litigation strategies to help you seek justice .
If your child or a vulnerable adult loved one was mistreated or abused while in the care of a state or private institution , we can use our experience and proven litigation strategies to help you seek justice .
Police misconduct :
We protect the interests of those who are the victims of excessive force , improper strip searches and other police misconduct .
Contact Us
Our clients rely on us to help right the wrongs they have suffered .
By using our well - honed trial strategies and results - oriented negotiation skills , we may be able to get compensation for you and your family to regain financial stability and a sense of justice .
Contact John A. Klassen , PA , at 612-470-9965 or 877-390-4527 to arrange a consultation with a lawyer .
Communications firms warn of unprecedented extension of state powers
Steve Watson
Infowars.net
Wednesday , August 5 , 2009
A group of over 300 internet service providers and telecommunications firms is fighting back against the British government ’s plans to monitor all emails , phone calls and internet activity nationwide .
The London Internet Exchange ( LINX ) , which represents some 330 companies , including BT , Virgin and Carphone Warehouse , says that the government is misleading the public about the extent to which it plans to monitor their communications and internet activity .
LINX has described the Government ’s surveillance proposals as an “ unwarranted ” invasion of people ’s privacy .
A statement from the group to the Home Office reads :
“ We view the description of the Government ’s proposals as maintaining the capability as disingenuous – the volume of data the Government now proposes we should collect and retain will be unprecedented . ”
“ This is a purely political description that serves only to win consent by hiding the extent of the proposed extension of powers for the state . ”
The group also stated that the volume of data the government wishes it to retain cannot be held by any known technology at this time .
Last year the government announced its intention to create a massive central database , gathering details on every text sent , e-mail sent , phone call made and website visited by everyone in the UK .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
The programme , known as the “ Interception Modernisation Programme ” , would allow spy chiefs at GCHQ , the government ’s secret eavesdropping agency , the centre for Signal Intelligence ( SIGINT ) activities ( pictured above ) , to effectively place a “ live tap ” on every electronic communication in Britain in the name of preventing terrorism .
Following outcry over the announcement , the government suggested last April that it was scaling down the plans , with then Home Secretary Jacqui Smith stating that there were “ absolutely no plans for a single central store ” of communications data .
However , as the “ climbdown ” was celebrated by civil liberties advocates and the plan was “ replaced ” by new laws requiring ISPs to store details of emails and internet telephony for just 12 months , fresh details emerged indicating the government was implementing a big brother spy system that far outstrips the original public announcement .
The London Times published leaked details of a secret mass internet surveillance project known as “ Mastering the Internet ” ( MTI ) .
Costing hundreds of millions in public funds , the system is already being implemented by GCHQ with the aid of American defence giant Lockheed Martin and British IT firm Detica , which has close ties to the intelligence agencies .
( Article continues below )
Currently , any interception of a communication in Britain must be authorised by a warrant signed by the home secretary or a minister of equivalent rank .
Only individuals who are the subject of police or security service investigations may be subject to surveillance .
If the GCHQ ’s MTI project is completed , black - box probes would be placed at critical traffic junctions with internet service providers and telephone companies , allowing eavesdroppers to instantly monitor the communications of every person in the country without the need for a warrant .
Even if you believe GCHQ ’s denial that it has any plans to create a huge monitoring system , the current law under the RIPA ( the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act ) allows hundreds of government agencies access to the records of every internet provider in the country .
In publicly announced proposals to extend these powers , firms will be asked to collect and store even more vast amounts of data , including from social networking sites such as Facebook .
If the plans go ahead , every internet user will be given a unique ID code and all their data will be stored in one place .
Government agencies such as the police and security services will have access to the data should they request it with respect to criminal or terrorist investigations .
This is clearly the next step in an incremental program to implement an already exposed full scale big brother spy system designed to completely obliterate privacy , a fundamental right under Article 8 of the European Convention on Human Rights .
This article was posted : Wednesday , August 5 , 2009 at 12:15 pm
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
WELCOME TO ONE OF THE WEB'S LONGEST RUNNING BLOGS
Bassist Tony Levin has been sharing his road experiences here since 1996 ( which sounds fairly recent , but in the Internet world , it is n't .
Even the terms weblog and blog were coined in 1997 and 1999 . )
We have over 400 archived tour pages on the site ( with about 6,800 photos ) and we 're happy to have had 4 million visits .
This site , papabear.com , is now archived and will not be updated .
Please visit my new site at tonylevin.com !
While not official , sources close to the matter have toldthat Google and Apple had an informal agreement not to poach each other 's employees .
Apparently , Google 's recruitment division knew and adhered to not actively seeking Apple employees to hire them away , and vice - versa with Apple 's recruiters .
That 's not to say someone who voluntarily submitted a resume would be turned away , but as one published email notes , cold calls were against policy .
An agreement to not poach each other 's workers , even if not codified , is part of the reason the government has launched antitrust investigations , as it can be considered an obstruction to healthy market competition .
It 's believed this deal came about as a byproduct of Google CEO Eric Schmidt also being an Apple board member at the time .
Of course , with Schmidt finally excusing himself from all portions of Apple 's board meetings , there 's a chance that hiring agreement walked away with him , and really , we would n't be surprised if the federal inquiry also decided to leave the dinner table at this point .
Former National leader Don Brash says nothing is off the table after being tasked with finding answers to New Zealand 's growing wage gap with Australia .
Dr Brash was named yesterday as head of a $ 477,000 task force set up to boost productivity but his appointment has sparked alarm among the Opposition , which fears he will advance a radical Right - wing agenda .
" [ Dr Brash ] has been very frank about his support for privatisation and a Right - wing ideology to govern the direction this country moves in , " Labour leader Phil Goff said .
Finance Minister Bill English , who was rolled by Dr Brash for the National Party leadership , said it was " a very positive appointment " .
Dr Brash said there were no limits on what the task force should consider and it would act as " a fresh pair of eyes " .
New Zealand 's national productivity the amount we produce per hour of work is lagging behind that of most other countries , despite our working longer hours than workers in most other developed countries .
Dr Brash said telling people to work harder was " absolutely not the answer " .
" It 's not that we 're under - working ; one of the things that appears to be the case is we have less capital , less plant and machinery , less infrastructure per worker here than in Australia or other developed countries . "
The reasons for that were varied , but included tax , savings behaviour , government spending and the Resource Management Act .
A central belief in Washington and most state capitals nowadays is that government should " invest " in certain businesses — " clean tech , " say , or manufacturing — to drive job creation .
We hope it all turns out better than it has in Michigan .
For the past 14 years , Lansing politicians have offered $ 3.3 billion in tax credits through the Michigan Economic Development Corporation and spent another $ 1.6 billion in outlays to create and retain jobs .
The subsidies have ranged from tax breaks for Hollywood , to ...
First off ...
Thank you .
From the deepest part of my being , the place where all the Love and the Hope and the Joy within me dwells ...
Thank you .
The outpouring of support and Love has been tearfully humbling and I cannot , in my most emotional and creative moments , express to you my gratitude .
All I can do is promise you that I will live up to your expectations of me .
Notice the emphasis on " Live " .
When I lost my job months back , I spent a lot of time in prayer and thought ... through those mechanisms , I came to realize that trying to run The HeliOS Project from behind the wheel of a truck was n't getting the job done .
I knew we could do more .
With a leap of faith , I just started doing it full time .
I am divorced with minimal child support , and that is thanks to my still - loving ex-wife Debbie .
And no ... I can't ' splain it ... it just is .
My needs are meager and I live as such .
I would rather devote what I have to what I do .
My deepest thanks go to David and Dee Rodriguez for making this possible .
I only have one real focus :
I want to make sure that every disadvantaged kid in Austin Texas has an up - to - date and Linux - Powered computer .
It 's just that simple .
It is my calling ... it is my passion .
But , as I have recently found out , even passion must be metered in moderation .
So it 's time to face some facts .
I can no longer build / repair and deliver 3 - 5 computers a day .
I 've been professionally warned and that warning was dire .
Bleak .
I believe I will heed wise counsel now .
So ... The HeliOS Project is going to be making some logistical changes .
Here is what we are going to need if we are to survive .
I need some truly dedicated people .
And please , not to be flippant , look up " dedicated " before you commit to working with us .
See ... we 're not just giving computers away , we are brutally smashing open an opportunity that has been locked away from these kids .
Be it through locked - down and proprietary software , lousy parenting , mismanaged finances or just being plain poor , I personally do n't give a damn .
They will have a Linux - Powered computer ... and they will have it just as soon as we can get it to them .
Now I need your help to do it .
Qualifications and rules .
* Commitment - let me know when you are available so I can coordinate the installation .
Being there means being there .
* No child - related misconduct convictions .
We must check to protect ourselves .
* Absolute knowledge of Linux Distributions and networking procedures .
* Installers are never alone in the home or the room without one of their parents or guardians present .
Those are not tough things ... I spent 6 hours in a large installfest with 50 local folks who easily matched them .
I do n't mean to come off as authoritarian or being a jerk ... these are just the things that have to be in order to keep what we do alive .
If you want to be part of the best thing someone could ever do , email me icanhelp@fixedbylinux.com .
I am inviting you to come join the most joyful and fulfilling endeavor I have ever experienced .
The pay sucks ...
And oh ... but we 'll pay your gas most times .
All - Righty
Then
Indigenous designers in B.C. outraged over claims of authenticity by non-Indigenous competitor
One of the most prominent designers in B.C. 's Indigenous apparel world is not Indigenous but , rather , licenses designs from Indigenous artists .
That 's raised questions about who has the right to make money from the cultural and artistic traditions of First Nations , Métis and Inuit communities in Canada .
Buff sailor man Popeye arrives in an awkward seaside town called Sweethaven .
There he meets Wimpy , a hamburger - loving man ; Olive Oyl , the soon - to - be love of his life ; and Bluto , a huge , mean pirate who is out to make Sweethaven pay for no good reason .
Popeye also discovers his long - lost Pappy in the middle of it all , so with a band of his new friends , Popeye heads off to stop Bluto , and he's got the power of spinach , which Popeye detests , to bust Bluto right in the mush .
Watch as Popeye mops the floor with punks in a burger joint , stops a greedy taxman , takes down a champion boxer , and even finds abandoned baby Swee 'pea .
He 's strong to the finish ' cause he eats his spinach .
Written by Dylan Self < robocoptng986127@aol.com >
Pictured : Stunning new image of Mars show half - mile wide crater complete with sand dunes
Advertisement
It is one of the most dramatic images to ever emerge from Mars .
In fact , this extraordinary photograph is so clear that even the sand dunes at the base of the half - mile wide canyon are visible .
Experts even believe that they can see the tracks of a Mars lander on the left - hand corner of the Victoria Crater .
This image of the Victoria Crater in the Meridiani Planum region of Mars was taken by the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment ( HiRISE ) camera on NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter
A Mars rover explored the Victoria between 2006 and 2008 - leaving tracks visible from space , seen left
The image , taken by Nasa , shows in vivid detail the canyon which has lain undisturbed for somewhere between 10 million and 100 million years .
Its peaceful history was only broken when a Nasa rover landed in 2006 and explored the area until August last year , leaving behind its trademark tracks .
The space organisation 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter beaned down this stunning shot of the 800 - metre - wide crater .
The High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment ( HiRISE ) camera , which took the camera , has been a useful aide in Mars exploration .
Crater impact :
An earlier picture shows the crater from a further distance and , right , the face of Mars appears smooth except for the Victoria blemish A ground - level view of the crater by the Opportunity rover ( click to enlarge for a full panoramic shot )
A ' dust devil ' kicked up on the face of Mars .
On the right of the picture is a trail , and on the left is a shadow created by the turbulence
Its images helped the Mars Opportunity rover navigate around the edge of the crater , and even take cover when winds kicked up a dust - storm in 2007 .
Although the image looks like a ' top - down ' shot , it was actually taken at an angle more akin to a passenger looking out of a plane window , allowing NASA to see more of the steep walls of the crater .
Another image from the HiRISE captures a ' dust devil ' leaving a trail and casting a shadow .
The whirlwinds form as the ground heats up during the daytime , which warms the air immediately above the surface .
The hot layer of air rises and the cooler air above falls , and a horizontal gust of wind causes the air and any dust to rotate .
An Adelaide man found to have vilified Jewish people on his website has been jailed after he failed to overturn a contempt of court finding .
Dr Fredrick Toben was originally sentenced to three months in jail for contempt , for repeated internet publication of material in breach of the Racial Discrimination Act .
Federal Court Justice Jeffrey Spender today said the case was not about the Holocaust , but whether Toben had complied with court orders .
All three judges dismissed an appeal against the contempt finding and upheld the three month sentence .
Toben was immediately taken into custody by federal police .
Florida International will pull out of the Coaches vs. Cancer Tournament unless tournament organizers allow FIU to open against Ohio State instead of North Carolina , as the Golden Panthers had expected .
FIU officials were equal parts incensed and stunned when they received an e-mailed news release of the Tar Heels ' schedule , listing Florida International as the season opener .
Athletic director Pete Garcia said the school had been approached by the Gazelle Group , the tourney organizers , about switching its opener from the Buckeyes to the defending national champions , but refused .
" We knew nothing about this until the press release from North Carolina today , " Garcia said .
" We told them last week we would not change the game and had never agreed to this . "
Gazelle Group president Rick Giles said that he has a contract , signed by Garcia , which stipulates that FIU would play either Ohio State or North Carolina , leaving the choice at the discretion of the Gazelle Group .
He said that is the way his company has written contracts for 15 years and fully expects the school to honor its agreement .
" I would be stunned if Isiah Thomas ' first act as a head coach was to break a contract , " Giles said , although Thomas pointed out that the contract , signed in November 2008 , was agreed upon before he arrived at FIU .
Florida International contends that though the original contract offered an either / or option , the school had agreed to open its season with Ohio State and had gone so far as to publicize that information .
In an August Associated Press report , Thomas is quoted about the opener with the Buckeyes .
" Big Ten country , " he said .
" If at some point and time you 're going to be able to compete with the big boys , you might as well jump right into the fire and get started . "
Thomas said he was completely caught off - guard by the switch .
" I had no idea , " he said .
" No one contacted me , our athletic director , no one .
Maybe in 2010 , 2011 we can play North Carolina , but not this year . "
Steve Kirschner , North Carolina 's associate athletic director for athletic communications , said : " We will play whoever they tell us to play . ''
Kirschner said UNC contacted the Gazelle Group because there had been some discussion about the Tar Heels ' opening opponent and questioned whether the schedule should read , " TBD . ''
But the Gazelle Group told UNC to go ahead and release the opener as Florida International .
The tournament format calls for four pre-selected hosts -- Ohio State , North Carolina , California and Syracuse -- automatically advancing to the semifinals at Madison Square Garden , regardless of what happens in the event 's early round .
FIU is slated to host subregional games on Nov. 20 , 21 and 23 at its on - campus arena , with James Madison , Murray State and North Carolina Central coming in for round - robin play .
The other subregional for teams not going to Madison Square Garden is at Albany , where the Great Danes of the America East will host Robert Morris , Detroit and Alcorn State .
Ohio State will play Alcorn State on Nov. 9 , in the slot FIU wants .
A preseason publication that has been on the Buckeyes ' athletic Web site for several weeks did make reference to playing FIU on that date .
Garcia said that if necessary , the Golden Panthers would look for other teams to fill the hole in their schedule .
" We will not be bullied into a unilateral decision to play North Carolina after we already agreed to play Ohio State , " Garcia said .
Dana O'Neil covers college basketball for ESPN.com .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
How Facebook Uses Your " Skipped " Webmail Contacts View post )
This may explain why someone was suggested to me on Facebook who has no mutual friends .
It was someone I once met and who had my email address .
I do n't let any site read my address book .
I have few enough friends that I can find them manually .
I think when you let Facebook consume your contact list , all bets are off on what they 'll do with it , though some people will gladly do it in the interest of making things easy ( I think it 's crazy to both share the account credentials and provide that much data ) .
It 's an unfortunate side effect that the contacts in that person 's list now have relationship information about them known by Facebook that they may have wanted private or undisclosed .
The right thing to do for Facebook would be to remove data that was skipped , but then they do miss the opportunity for the other person ( in this case , you ) to recognize and friend the person that skipped you for whatever reason .
It 's all reminiscent of Facebook Beacon , which after the whole fiasco added the option to " turn it off " though it really says it wo n't display that data .
It does n't say it 's no longer collecting it .
After all , the more info they have the more money they can potentially make by customizing ads , getting more people on facebook , etc .
This is really very dirty behaviour of Facebook is n't it ?
Privacy is so yesterday
thanks for the info .
i was wondering why i was getting suggestions of people that are in my gmail contacts even though i have NEVER uploaded my contacts to facebook or given them access to my gmail account .
i thought they were somehow ( wrongfully ) getting access to my gmail account .
Turns out it 's all those other people that have me in their contacts !
hmmm now i know who ' skipped ' me when going through their contacts !!
Facebook would never pass on the chance to use your data .
It 's $ $$ to them .
They milk it with a vengeance .
The " viral " model for expanding user base works much better that way ... and user base = valuation .
Simple as that .
They have many more tricks up their sleeves .
LinkedIn is doing this from their start ...
Although you can control this " Address book " later on and delete all " unused " contacts .
I can confirm similar behavior with my Facebook account .
I was recently suggested a cousin of mine who had no friends at all -- yet his address was in my Gmail contacts which I had recently imported into Facebook .
It 's very possible that they do n't keep your contact emails on file but rather a one - way cryptographic hash of them -- that way they could match up friends without keeping your email addresses on their servers .
So , Philipp , have you succumbed to the dark s... I mean to Facebook ?
Beau , I guess that 's possible too , but I think it 's wrong that they 're storing and displaying the relationship at all , given that you kind of already confirmed that this person is n't your friend .
milivella , Philipp did n't write this post , I did .
Hence my details are being shown in the screenshots and my name is at the top of the article ... ;-)
Ditto on this ...
I had this experience just yesterday ... distant relative , no mutual friends , no idea how Facebook knew we were related .
But I did n't look it up as I had an exam to revise for !
This makes sense though .
this is part of the deal that was required for the venture capital from the CIA :-)
Jeff Atwood blogged about " import " functions like this about a year ago .
In my opinion , his arguments are still very valid : codinghorror.com/blog/archives ...
True .
On email .
If B in A contacts => suggest A to B .
Tony : sorry , I came here from Philipp 's ( friend ) feed and I was guilty of speedreading the whole thing ( thinking that you was the post author 's friend !? ) .
Shame on me .
Tony : " I think it 's wrong that they 're storing and displaying the relationship at all , given that you kind of already confirmed that this person is n't your friend "
But the other person has not confirmed that you are n't their friend .
I think they should be provided / suggested the chance to request your friendship ( even if you subsequently deny it ) , given there 's obviously some sort of relationship ( unless , as you point out , they 're spamming ) .
I 'm less concerned about this .
I think friend suggestions should be as comprehensive as possible .
You can ignore them ...
And if this feature is abused in the way you suggest might be possible , surely the quality of suggestions will go down , at which point Facebook will surely respond .
Not sure what the fuss is about .
Roy , the reason I 'm concerned about this is that who have I have in my email contacts is my own business .
Perhaps I have some business associates in there , or ex-girlfriends , or people that I 've had email communication with because they 've been e.g. using my website content without my permission .
None of those people are my friends and I would never want them to connect with my on Facebook .
Not only does a contact not always mean a friend , but they might not even know my true identity , since an email address can be pretty much anonymous .
But this behaviour would mean they not only get to find out my real name , but they could also get to see my profile ( depending on my privacy settings ) , they could see who my friends are and try to add them ( again , depending on my privacy settings ) , etc .
Tony .
I agree .
They have no right to access our email contact for any reason without our permission .
We should be allowed to add or skip whomever we fell like adding or skipping .
That is an invasion of privacy .
This post answers some quesions .
But I was having people suggested to me who DID NOT have my email address and who didnt even know my real name .
And one had facebook long before I did and was never suggested to me till last week .
That tells me that facebook is doing more than just saving skippd email contact lists .
" ... the reason I 'm concerned about this is that who have I have in my email contacts is my own business . "
You made it Facebook 's business as well by giving them your email contacts .
Your ' not - a- friend ' could just as easily have found you via search .. unless , as you stated , you prefer to keep your profile private and unsearchable .
This is a yawner .
Maybe they did add you as a friend but somewhere along the line you never received an email and you ignored the friend request or accidentally ignored it ?
Just summarizing this , as some comments seem to speak against each other :
User A has mail contact with user B
User C is a friend on facebook of B
User B searches for friends using his mail contact list
User B does n't add user A
User C gets user A suggested
But in that case @ Tony 's last comment was totally offtopic ... , as anybody can find your facebook name if they know your mail , as they can simply search for your email address on facebook ...
Aside from that , the first scenario I mentioned is pretty neat , only problem is that facebook is keeping it a secret ...
Imagine my consternation when I had a friend suggestion upon signing into Facebook with the same name as my recently deceased grand - dad .
It is this type of thing Facebook must consider when invading your private contacts .
I observed the same thing .
Apparently some long - lost contacts allowed fb to scrape their contacts list .
As of June 14 , I do n't see those suggestions anymore .
FB must have tweaked this function .
Facebook is the new Big Brother .
We are not far from the idea of 1984 .
Confidential information about who you associate with and how you know them is being tracked , stolen and used by a " faceless " web site .
How Orwellian !!
Oh , it gets worse .
I 've got just about every privacy setting tweeked to make sure that Friends do n't see my other Friends .
Reason 's pretty much as already stated , for example ex-girlfriends .
Hardly want them all introduced to each other !
I set up a test Facebook account so I can see what 's being shown to a Friend .
Sure enough , the test account can't see my Friends list , but lo and phucking behold , ALL MY FRIENDS ARE IMMEDIATELY SUGGESTED TO IT !
AAAARGH !
So I 'm back to thinking maybe this is just too dengerous an arena for anyone who wants to keep friends separate .
Anybody recommend or suggest a way to press Facebook to NOT do exactly what I 've just described ?
Similar to " Secret Squirrel " , I just setup a facebook account for the very first time ( yes i am behind the times ) without ever going near the find friends function , in excess of 250 friends were suggested to me , and they are people i know .
I do n't understand how , if i have never searched for friends , and never imported an address book , how they can find so many people i geniunely know .
Not Impressed , those suggestions are probably based on the people that have your email address in their contacts list and allowed Facebook to access those contacts .
The behaviour sounds exactly the same as what my original post describes .
Not only will it be suggesting those people , but it will also be suggesting their friends too .
I noticed this the other day too ... after some thinking , I think anytime I email someone ( or they email me ) w/ a gmail account ( I 'm sure others do this too ) , their email address is automatically added to my contacts , and mine to theirs .
I 'm constantly removing people from my contact list .
I wonder if I remove them from from my suggested list soon enough , if it will not suggest their friends ...
And based on more trials with dummy accounts , I can now tell you it also collects addresses you manually type in to search for .
And if that person's not on yet , if they later join using that email address , they 'll be auto - offered to you , and you to them .
Who knows if they 'll fix this or not .
It 's good for people with Really Simple Lives , but bad for anyone else .
I actually kind of fear it .
I mean , how about this , if it does introduction by mutual searching – have n't tested it yet though – two ex - bf / gf 's search for a known email address of yours and are introduced .
Well , that 's ALL you bloody need ! :-p
Here 's the fix for this nonsense :
Give Facebook a DEDICATED email address .
One that you use only for Facebook account purposes .
You could even make life a little easier and set the new Facebook - only email account to forward everything to your regular mail account , just to make sure you get all your FB notification mails without having to remember to log in to the FB - only account .
You can use forwarding with most of the free services , and it's a breeze if you have your own domain with email service of course .
Sorry to double post but – are you all aware of this little chestnut too ;
If you have set all your Friends to be unable to see your other Friends , all your Friends WILL be suggested to all your other Friends as a " Suggestion " .
What the ??
By setting them unable to see Friends , that 's pretty clear you do n't want them shown everybody else .
There IS no way to remain partially private on Facebook .
Closest you 'll get is to add no Friends at all , and use a dedicated email address .
Opens up the whole question of whether Facebook 's actually a suitable thing for you to use at all if ( frankly rather impressive ) networking technology like this daunts you though .
We all know what we signed up for , and there 's always a Delete Account option . :-/
I have a strong suspicion that FB is using the Search feature to suggest a friend to you .
And here is my proof .
Last week - end I bumped into a lady in the queue of Subway whose son played soccer with my son .
I had not seen her for years and none of my FB friends are related to her .
We did not talk about FB nor did I know she was on FB .
The very next day I got her as a friend suggestion !
The only explanation I have for this is that she went to FB search and typed in my name ( I certainly did not do a search on her and , indeed , did not even know her surname .
Neither is she on any of my email contact lists ) .
Go figure !
You can remove this information .
Friends -> Find Friends -> Learn More
facebook.com/contact_importer / ...
Thanks Canna , I 've added an update to the post !
Thanks Canna .
Something weird just happened here ... a contact I certainly know I did n't invite to join Facebook received an invitation " from me " .
I do n't know if any other contact has received it too , but it 's not comfortable ...
I thought I was going mad .
About two weeks ago , my friend suggestions were filled with former coworkers and people I 've met once at conferences and networking functions .
It was kind of creepy to login and see faces that I 've only met ONCE appear on this list .
After confirming that I had no mutual acquaintances or mutual locations / employers etc. with these people , I begin to suspect that Facebook had hacked my email account .
LOL .
Tonight I 've learned that Facebook saved the email addresses from a contact list I imported over 2 years ago .
From a business standpoint I understand why they 've added the imported emails to suggestion algorithm ( kinda ) , but I believe that it was implemented poorly ( understatement ) .
IMO
By default , old imports should have been removed or omitted from the suggestion algorithm .
Then , they should have disclaimed on the ' find a friend ' page that all imported email addresses are saved unless an opt - out box is checked .
But that would be too much like right .
bureaucrat
other people
you
some bureaucrat
Journal of Public Health Policy
New England Journal of Medicine
Apparently at least more then any other american political group , it ’s Opera .
Earlier this month I decided to use Amazon Mechanical Turk to test a hypothesis in which I posited that IE as a browser would bias to the political right , and other browsers ( specifically firefox ) would bias to the political left .
A lot of other interesting data surfaced including blockbuster performance of Firefox amongst Libertarians .
Check out the whole analysis and grab the data !
SWAT VALLEY , Pakistan ( CNN ) --
The boys shuffle into the room in a remote army base high in the mountains of Pakistan 's Swat Valley .
They are disheveled , disoriented .
These boys say they were kidnapped by the Taliban and trained to be suicide bombers .
There are no smiles , their eyes stare at the floor .
These are the lost souls of Pakistan 's battle with the Taliban .
Each has a story of terror to tell , but the trauma runs so deep they can't even begin to properly find the words to describe what they have been through .
That task is best left to the psychiatrist who , with her team , was brought in to try to pick through the pieces of this nightmare ; to make sense of the brutality here and try to put broken lives back together .
Watch Stan Grant 's report on the boys »
Dr. Fareeha Peracha describes these boys variously as " psychotic , " " depressed , " and in some cases , " psychopathic . "
" They have been brainwashed .
Brainwashed against people like you and me , " she said .
CNN was given limited access to about a dozen boys .
They had all been kidnapped by the Taliban and taken to camps where they would be trained to kill ; trained to be suicide bombers .
Watch Grant 's exclusive interview with a wanted a Taliban leader »
CNN cannot reveal the boys ' names ; they have handkerchiefs tied across their faces to conceal their identities .
The army fears they could face retribution should they be returned to their homes and families .
The boys sit in a circle as I try to get them to open up about their ordeal .
What happened ?
Were they brutalized ?
What did the Taliban ask them to do ?
So many questions .
They answer hesitatingly , their voices barely a whisper .
" The first day they beat us and then made us exercise , " one boy said .
" They made us run and told us you will wage jihad . "
They said the Taliban especially poisoned their minds against the Pakistan army .
" They just told us that they ( army ) are against Islam , are against the Quran .
They said wage jihad against them ; we are waging jihad for the Quran , " said another boy .
They all say they were kidnapped by the Taliban , some snatched from fields and others from the towns they lived in .
" I was coming from the shop to my house , I had some stuff with me .
They said , ' put your stuff in the car . '
I helped them put stuff in the car .
They asked if they should drop me in my village , but when we reached the village they blindfolded me and put a hand over my mouth , " one boy said .
The Taliban 's tactics seem to have worked .
I ask one boy , would he kill for God ?
He replied : " Yes . "
I asked the psychiatrist , Dr. Fareeha , if she believes the boys are capable of killing .
" Oh yes , " she said .
" Two of them would not even give it a thought . "
The army freed the boys during fierce fighting with the Taliban .
Now they are hoping to rehabilitate the boys and one day return them home .
But Fareeha thinks that is a long way off -- if ever .
She told army chiefs the boys are unpredictable .
One boy , she said , told her if he had a suicide bomber 's jacket he would use it , that if he had a Kalashnikov , he would shoot .
Of course , it is impossible to verify all of the accounts of the boys , but the doctors have no doubt about their trauma .
Fareeha told Army chiefs that these boys were just a tip of the iceberg .
After talking to the boys , she believes there are possibly hundreds of others just like them .
These boys are the victims of the Taliban 's uprising here .
All they are left with are the terrible memories , the voices in their heads : the voices of the Taliban telling them to kill , they said .
The Great Recession is allowing some widely held beliefs about the US economy – which were the source of much evangelism over the last few decades – to run up against a reality check .
This is to be expected , since the United States has been the epicentre of the storm of policy blunders that caused the world recession .
This month my CEPR colleagues John Schmitt and Nathan Lane showed that the United States is not the nation of small businesses that it is regularly dressed up to be for electoral campaign speeches and editorials .
If we look at what percentage of our overall labour force is self - employed , or what percentage of manufacturing workers or high - tech workers are employed in small businesses – well , the US ranks at or near the bottom among high - income countries .
As economist Paul Krugman noted after reading the study : " One more American myth bites the dust . "
Indeed it has .
And as both the authors of the paper and Krugman note , there is a plausible explanation for the US 's low score in the small business contest : our lack of national health insurance .
There are enough risks associated with choosing to start a business over being an employee , but the Europeans do n't have to worry that they will go bankrupt for lack of health insurance .
A number of other alleged advantages of America 's " economic dynamism " are also mythical .
Most people think that there is more economic mobility in America than in Europe .
Guess again .
We 're also near the bottom of rich countries in this category , for example as measured by the percentage of low - income households that escape from this status each year .
The idea that the US is more " internationally competitive " has been without economic foundation for decades , as measured by the most obvious indicator : our trade deficit , which peaked at 6 % of GDP in 2006 .
( It has fallen sharply from its peak during this recession but will rebound strongly when the economy recovers ) .
And of course the idea that our less regulated , more " market - friendly " financial system was more innovative and efficient – widely held by our leading experts and policy - makers such as Alan Greenspan , until recently – collapsed along with our $ 8tn housing bubble .
On the other hand , most Americans pay a high price for the institutional arrangements that bring us these mythical successes .
We have the dubious honour of being the only " no- vacation nation " , ie no legally required paid time off and of course some weeks fewer actual days off per year than our European counterparts enjoy .
We have a broken healthcare system that costs about twice as much per capita as that of our peer nations and delivers worse outcomes , as measured by life expectancy and infant mortality .
We are near the top in terms of inequality among high - income countries and at the bottom for parental leave policies and paid sick days .
The list is a long one .
Yet it was just two years ago that Nicholas Sarkozy successfully won the presidency of France by arguing that the French could not afford their welfare state and had to adopt a series of reforms that would make the French economy more " dynamic " like that of the US .
These included tax cuts for the rich and labour law changes that would make it easier for employers to fire people .
Many French are now sorry they voted for this guy and very glad that they have more protection than most Americans have from the ravages of the recession .
Of course they could also use a larger economic stimulus , but the fact that they do n't have one is due to the neoliberal policies of their own government and those of the European Union , especially the European Central Bank .
There is another area where the comparison between the American and European model has serious implications for the future of the planet : climate change .
" Old Europe " uses about half as much energy per capita as the US does .
A big part of this difference is because Europeans , in recent decades , have taken much more of their productivity gains in the form of increased leisure time , rather than working the same ( or longer ) hours in order to consume more .
We estimated that the US would consume about 20 % less energy if it had the work hours of the EU - 15 .
This would have a significant impact on world carbon emissions .
Furthermore , when the world economy recovers , there are a number of middle - income countries that will approach high - income status in the not - too - distant future ( South Korea and Taiwan are already there ) .
Whether they choose the American or the European model will have an even bigger impact on global climate change .
The major media in both Europe and the United States have played an important role , for decades , in helping politicians capitalise on economic mythology to push policy in economic and socially destructive directions on both sides of the Atlantic .
It remains to be seen how much the Great Recession will influence the thinking and reporting of these influential institutions .
Mint and You I was lying around in my lingerie , feeling a little horny when a friend of mine came over .
Instead of covering up I decided to let him in and let him see me laying there in my sexy outfit , spread on the couch .
He was speechless and just stood there drooling .
He had such a large bulge in his jeans , it was obvious he needed some relief ..
I began to tease him a little , touching my body as I watched his bulge grow .
Finally I was too horny and started rubbing his cock .
He did n't object when I slowly unbuttoned his jeans and took out is swollen hard cock .
I soon had him with his pants around his ankles and let him fuck my face until he cam in my mouth ..
The United States was n’t the only country hoping to land on the moon in July 1969 — the Soviets were trying to beat us to the punch by landing the unmanned spacecraft Luna 15 while Apollo 11 ’s Columbia was still in orbit around the moon .
Now , thanks to the discovery of previously unheard recordings from 1969 , you can listen to the unfolding drama .
Astronomers from the University of Manchester ’s Jodrell Bank Centre for Astrophysics unearthed these forgotten audio files while researching materials for the 40th anniversary of the moon landing .
The recordings come from the control room of the Jodrell Bank Observatory , where astronomer Sir Bernard Lovell and colleagues were listening to transmissions from the moon on the Lovell radio telescope .
The newly released recordings chronicle events from July 19 through July 21 , 1969 , with Lovell narrating as events unfold .
The first two minutes of the recording reveal that the Luna 15 had dramatically changed its orbit .
After the U.S. astronauts landed on the lunar surface on July 20 , Luna 15 altered its course to get closer to the Apollo 11 landing site .
But the real excitement begins on July 21 , when Lovell reports on “ a rumor from a well - informed source in Moscow that this Luna is going to land this evening ” — and return to the Soviet Union with lunar rock samples .
The Soviets never got close to that ambitious goal .
At 15:50 on July 21 , the astronomers listened as the Luna 15 crashed into the moon ’s surface .
In the final moments before the spacecraft hits the moon , voices from the control room say , “ It ’s landing ” and “ It ’s going down much too fast ! ”
As the tape ends , one observer sums it up : “ I say , this has really been drama of the highest order . ”
See Also :
Audio : Courtesy of the Jodrell Bank Centre for Astrophysics .
Copyright : © Jodrell Bank Centre for Astrophysics , University of Manchester
Image : Courtesy of the NASA History Office and the NASA JSC Media Services Center at the National Aeronautics and Space Administration .
Amazon Virtual Private Cloud ( Amazon VPC ) lets you create your own logically isolated set of Amazon EC2 instances and connect it to your existing network using an IPsec VPN connection .
This new offering lets you take advantage of the low cost and flexibility of AWS while leveraging the investment you have already made in your IT infrastructure .
This cool new service is now in a limited beta and you can apply for admission here .
Heres all you need to do to get started :
Create a VPC .
You define your VPCs private IP address space , which can range from a / 28 ( 16 IPs ) up to a /18 ( 16,384 IPs ) .
You can use any IP v4 address range , including Private Address Spaces identified in RFC 1918 and any other routable IP address block .
Partition your VPCs IP address space into one or more subnets .
Multiple subnets in a VPC are arranged in a star topology and enable you to create logically isolated collections of instances .
You can create up to 20 Subnets per VPC ( you can request more using this form ) .
You can also use this form to request a VPC larger than a / 18 or additional EC2 instances for use within your VPC .
Create a customer gateway to represent the device ( typically a router or a software VPN appliance ) anchoring the VPN connection from your network .
Create a VPN gateway to represent the AWS end of the VPN connection .
Attach the VPN gateway to your VPC .
Create a VPN connection between the VPN gateway and the customer gateway .
Launch EC2 instances within your VPC using an enhanced form of the Amazon EC2 RunInstances API call or the ec2 - run- instances command to specify the VPC and the desired subnet .
Once you have done this , all Internet - bound traffic generated by your Amazon EC2 instances within your VPC routes across the VPN connection , where it wends its way through your outbound firewall and any other network security devices under your control before exiting from your network .
IP addresses are specified using CIDR notation , where the value after the slash represents the number of bits in the routing prefix for the address .
Youre currently limited to one VPC per AWS account , however , if you have a use case requiring more , let us know and well see what we can do .
Because the VPC subnets are used to isolate logically distinct functionality , weve chosen not to immediately support Amazon EC2 security groups .
You can launch your own AMIs and most public AMIs , including Microsoft Windows AMIs .
You cant launch Amazon DevPay AMIs just yet , though .
The Amazon EC2 instances are on your network .
They can access or be accessed by other systems on the network as if they were local .
As far as you are concerned , the EC2 instances are additional local network resources — there is no NAT translation .
EC2 instances within a VPC do not currently have Internet - facing IP addresses .
Requirements to interoperate with our VPN implementation include : Ability to establish IKE Security Association using Pre-Shared Keys ( RFC 2409 ) .
Ability to establish IPSec Security Associations in Tunnel mode ( RFC 4301 ) .
Ability to utilize the AES 128 - bit encryption function ( RFC 3602 ) .
Ability to utilize the SHA - 1 hashing function ( RFC 2404 ) .
Ability to utilize Diffie - Hellman Perfect Forward Secrecy in Group 2 mode ( RFC 2409 ) .
Ability to establish Border Gateway Protocol ( BGP ) peerings ( RFC 4271 ) .
Ability to utilize IPSec Dead Peer Detection ( RFC 3706 ) .
Optional capabilities that we recommend include : Ability to adjust the Maximum Segment Size of TCP packets entering the VPN tunnel ( RFC 4459 ) .
Ability to reset the Dont Fragment flag on packets ( RFC 791 ) .
Ability to fragment IP packets prior to encryption ( RFC 4459 ) .
Weve confirmed that a variety of Cisco and Juniper hardware / software VPN configurations are compatible ; devices meeting our requirements as outlined in the box at right should be compatible too .
We also plan to support Software VPNs in the near future .
If you want us to consider explicitly validating a device not on this list , please add your request to the Customer Gateway support thread located here .
Amazon VPC functionality is accessible via the EC2 API and command - line tools .
The ec2 - create - vpc command creates a VPC and the ec2 - describe - vpcs command lists your collection of VPCs .
There are commands to create subnets , customer gateways , VPN gateways , and VPN connections .
Once all of the requisite objects have been created , the ec2 - attach - vpn - gateway connects your VPC to your network and allows traffic to flow .
While most organizations will likely leave the VPN connection ( and VPC ) up and running indefinitely , you can drop the connection , terminate the instances , and even delete the VPC if you would like .
You only pay for what you use .
Pricing is on a pay - as - you - go basis .
VPCs , subnets , customer gateways , and VPN gateways are free to create and to use .
You simply pay an hourly charge for each VPN connection you create , and for the data transferred through those VPN connections .
EC2 instances within your VPC are priced at the normal On - Demand rate .
Well honor the hourly rate for any Reserved Instances that you have but during the beta we cannot guarantee that Reserved Instances will always be available for deployment within your VPC .
Imagine the many ways that you can now combine your existing on - premise static resources with dynamic resources from the Amazon VPC .
You can expand your corporate network on a permanent or temporary basis .
You can get resources for short - term experiments and then leave the instances running if the experiment succeeds .
You can establish instances for use as part of a DR ( Disaster Recovery ) effort .
You can even test new applications , systems , and middleware components without disturbing your existing versions .
As is the case with many of our betas , this one is launching in a single Availability Zone in the US - East region .
You can use Amazon CloudWatch to monitor your instances , but you cant use Elastic IP addresses , Auto Scaling or Elastic Load Balancing just yet .
Recall that all traffic from your instances routes through the VPN connection .
For now , this includes traffic to other Amazon Web Services such as EC2 instances outside of your Amazon VPC , Amazon S3 , Amazon SQS , and Amazon SimpleDB .
You can create Elastic Block Store ( EBS ) volumes and attach them to your instances .
EBS volumes created within your cloud can be moved to standard EC2 instances and vice - versa .
I do want to mention a few of the things on our road map as well .
First , we ’re planning to let you directly reach the Internet from your VPC .
In early discussions with potential users , we learned that most of them wanted to completely isolate their EC2 instances , routing all of the traffic back to their data center , so we gave this feature the highest priority .
Later on , we ’ll let you decide if and how you want to expose your VPC to the Internet .
Second , we ’re planning to let you specify the IP address of individual Amazon EC2 instances within a subnet .
During this beta , Amazon EC2 instances are automatically assigned a random IP from the subnet ’s designated IP address range .
Third , we ’re evaluating ways to allow you to filter traffic per subnet , kind of like how you might implement router ACLs .
We ’re already working on these items and on other additions to the core functionality we ’re releasing today .
If you have opinions on these items , or anything else you ’d like to see in the service , e-mail us or post to the forum .
This service is for you ; we really need your feedback !
We think you can put Amazon VPC to immediate use and cant wait to hear about new and imaginative use cases for it .
Please feel free to leave a comment on this blog or to send us some email .
— Jeff ;
There are n’t many folks who will argue that social networking is n’t a valuable tool for business .
However there are very few who are actually taking full advantage of those opportunities .
There are no rules in getting more people to view or subscribe to your content cause as long as the methods are legal anything and everything is allowed .
You can kickstart your channel by almost any means you want even by buying subscribers with the help of legally established companies who specialize in them .
For the past few months I ’ve had the luxury of watching a new local business not only use social networking and community building to build buzz for their business , but integrate it so much so , that it is an integral part of their day to day routine .
FROST is a new gourmet donut shop that has opened up in the Mill Creek Town Center in Mill Creek , WA .
For those of you not local , it ’s a hip / trendy outdoor shopping center that is quite popular with the locals .
They have already made quite a name for themselves with their savvy marketing / community approach , and more importantly , their amazing doughnuts .
These are n’t your average , run of the mill , doughnuts .
These are high quality , always fresh , gourmet doughnuts that fly off the shelves .
Unique flavors such as Southern Red Velvet , Banana Split Fritter , or their highly sought after Maple Bacon Bars , have people flocking to see what the latest and greatest creation is .
I ’ve tasted them ; they ’re the real deal .
But it ’s not just the product that has FROST on everyone ’s mind .
It ’s the unique approach they ’ve taken to building their business that has caught this blogger ’s eye .
Daniel Sterling is the Creative / Brand Technology expert and Managing Partner and the brains behind the social networking behind FROST and in just a few short months , Daniel has been able to build an incredibly strong community of customers by using social networking incredibly well .
And it ’s not just the numbers that are staggering , but the community of highly passionate customers and two - way communication that has FROST driving crazy business .
One visit to their Facebook page and you ’ll see comment after comment of already loyal customers gushing about this flavor and that flavor and sharing their feedback about how to do better .
So how do they do it ?
Pre-Buzz – Rather then wait for the store to open , Daniel jumped on the opportunity to build buzz and awareness using Facebook , Twitter and their website to collect emails .
As the store was being built , they placed paper over the windows with their URL , but no information of what they would sell .
Daniel used Facebook and Twitter to slowly leak out hints as to who they were and the community ate it up and offered prizes for those hot on the trail .
Fan after fan joined and contributed to the “ mystery ” of what FROST could possibly be .
And when the doors opened , they drove so much business ; they had to close on Monday to regroup .
Active Engagement – FROST does not rest on its laurels .
They proactively engage with their customers on Facebook and Twitter regularly offering discounts , responding to feedback , and even taking flavor requests .
Their Facebook and Twitter pages are a flurry of activity .
Two - Way Communication –
It ’s not must about posting today ’s flavors or buy one get one free .
FROST is about customer enablement through two - way communication .
Not only are they enabling their customers to feel like part of the business through flavor , pricing and logistical recommendations , they are able to move swiftly to customer demand and make changes on the fly .
Never in the history of business has their been the ability to respond in this way , and FROST is all over it .
They ’ve built trust with their customers right out of the gate to ensure business will boom even beyond the honeymoon phase .
What ’s even more amazing about FROST ’s success is not only their impressive use of social networking to promote themselves , but how they ’ve truly created a community of customers .
They are not only sharing feedback directly to FROST , but also conversing with each other about their experiences .
That ’s true community , and incredibly powerful stuff .
They ’ve got the masses talking about their business to each other and that ’s the dream of any business .
I was so impressed with FROST ’s success , that I thought it would be useful to hear from Daniel what his top 3 recommendations for business owners would be regarding using social media effectively .
“ Number one is getting over the fear of doing it and just go for it .
It ’s not going to consume you , nor is the tech overwhelming .
You do n’t have to be an expert .
Second is making sure you are ready and willing to communicate with your customers and respond quickly .
And the third is knowing how to communicate with your customers and be prepared for negative feedback .
Know how to respond accordingly . ”
For most savvy social networkers , much of this is not news , but it ’s still amazing how so few businesses ( especially small to mid ) have not embraced and taken advantage of the social media and community building opportunities .
FROST has been able to drive significant buzz , awareness and business using tools that cost nothing but time thus far .
They have saved thousands of dollars just by incorporating the use of Facebook and Twitter as part of their normal routines , and combined with their commitment to being a part of the conversation , they ’ve found a recipe for success in more ways then one .
If you are a business owner that has yet to capitalize , FROST is a great model to learn from .
Oh , and Daniel ’s favorite flavor ?
“ Our Classic Raised Glaze .
Nothing beats an original . ”
FROST website : http://www.frostology.com
Facebook : http://www.facebook.com/pages/Mill-Creek-WA/frost/57383368725?ref=ts
Twitter : http://twitter.com/frostology
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
Could carbon credits stop the destruction ?
The Indonesian rainforest is worth more standing than felled say researchers .
A new analysis has shown that payments to reduce carbon emissions from the forests could generate more income than palm oil production on deforested land .
Protecting the forests could become profitable under a proposed scheme called Reduced Emissions from Deforestation and Degradation ( Redd ) .
In the journal Conservation Letters , they say this scheme will help protect threatened forests .
Profits are driving the destruction of the orangutans ' habitat Palm oil , an ingredient in products including food and soaps , has become an important feedstock for biodiesel .
This has created controversy because in Indonesia and Malaysia , which are its major producers , companies clear and often burn swathes of forest to grow their crops .
These ecologically - rich forests are home to a huge variety of species , including endangered orangutans , and to very carbon - rich peat swamps .
Oscar Venter from the University of Queensland led the study that focused on Kalimantan , in Indonesia - just one forested region where deforestation has stirred environmental concern .
The aim was to find out if protection of the forests could be as profitable as palm oil .
Forest custodians Under Redd , oil palm companies could be called on to protect the forested areas they own , and sell " carbon credits " for the amount of carbon contained in that forest .
" Despite their rich biodiversity , we have n't been able to protect these forests with conservation funds , " said Dr Venter .
" So we looked at what Redd would be able to do and what that would mean for biodiversity . "
He and his team looked at the financial reports of palm oil companies to see how much money they earned from oil production , and from selling timber .
This could create the financial incentive needed to ensure that the world 's tropical forests last into the next century
Oscar Venter
University of Queensland
They compared these earnings to the predicted carbon emissions from planned palm oil projects , and calculated that if carbon credits could be sold for $ 10 ( £ 6 ) per tonne , conserving the forest could be more profitable than clearing land for oil palm .
" This is the break - even price if oil palm can only be grown in areas that are at least moderately suitable , or if some oil palm can be relocated to already [ deforested ] areas .
Any price over [ that ] means Redd becomes more profitable than oil palm , " explained Dr Venter .
" Carbon markets , while they fluctuate , are where the price of carbon is currently established .
So we compared our prices to prices on major global markets , which at the time were selling carbon for around $ 30 per tonne of CO2 . "
Redd is a UN - led programme , introduced in 2005 , to create a practical financial system to protect the rainforests .
Dr Venter hopes this research will strengthen the case to include it in the of the climate agreement that replaces the Kyoto accord , which is set to be decided upon at a meeting in Copenhagen later this year .
" If Redd does become part of the next international climate agreement , it will have the potential to fund forest protection in areas slated for oil palm conversion , " said Dr Venter .
He said the findings showed that it was possible to create " financial incentives to ensure that the world 's tropical forests last into the next century , instead of becoming a memory of the past " .
Conservation funds have not been sufficient to save rainforests ' inhabitants
" Tropical forests are disappearing at an incredible pace - the equivalent of 50 football fields a minute , imperiling biodiversity and creating massive carbon emissions that are degrading our global climate , " said William Laurance , a scientist from the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute in Panama .
But Dr Laurance told BBC
News that palm oil production would be " very tough to stop " because it is so profitable .
" At present prices for carbon , we wo n't be able to stop rainforest destruction for oil palm , " he told BBC News .
" Redd will only be competitive for slowing destruction of peat forests , which are jam - packed with carbon and become massive sources of greenhouse gases when cleared .
" But we can pressure the worst companies and fight to protect the highest - priority areas , " he told BBC News .
" Redd is probably our best chance to invest billions of dollars into forest conservation , and to help developing nations make a reasonable profit from their forests . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Investigations have begun into " large - scale trouble " at West Ham 's Upton Park ground during a match against Millwall .
One man is in a stable condition after being stabbed in the chest and two others were taken to hospital with non life - threatening injuries , police said .
Fights broke out near the east London stadium well before the match kicked off on Tuesday night and were still raging five hours later .
The fans have been involved in rivalry going back decades .
The Metropolitan Police said at least 10 people were arrested .
About 200 riot police and at least 20 mounted officers were at the scene .
The Met says the violence that erupted during the match was planned Many were pelted with missiles but none was injured , a spokeswoman said .
She added that officers were scanning video to identify hooligans , and that investigations were under way .
" We will be reviewing all the events , looking at CCTV footage both inside and outside the ground to identify offences and offenders , " she said .
Map - where the violence occurred Police said a 43 - year - old man was in a stable condition in hospital after being stabbed mid-evening in nearby Priory Road .
Another man was found in Rancliffe Road with head injuries and another said he had been assaulted at a pub in Green Street .
There was trouble within the ground during the Carling Cup match after West Ham fans invaded the pitch on three occasions .
AT THE SCENE Ben Jacobs , BBC , Upton Park
It all started before kick off , outside Upton Park Underground , where hundreds of rival fans broke through a strong police barrier , throwing bottles and even bricks - one of which I personally saw almost hit a pregnant woman .
Police riot team personnel - 500 , possibly 1,000 - tried to dissipate the situation .
The scuffles filtered to some side roads where one man was stabbed .
These were nasty scenes ; not one or two mindless individuals .
There were 100 or 200 mindless individuals .
Afterwards , Millwall fans were kept in the stadium for 20 minutes or half an hour .
That , though , did n't stop hundreds more clashing after the game .
It was the first time the rival London sides had met since April 2005 and West Ham won the game 3 - 1 after extra time .
By 2300 BST several hundred West Ham fans had congregated outside the stadium where they chanted and bombarded police with beer cans and bottles .
One pub reportedly had its windows broken by bricks during running battles across several streets up to half - a- mile from the stadium .
Eyewitnesses also told of hooligans trying to rip out bollards and lighting " small fires " .
A 29 - year - old owner of a kebab shop said he closed his premises in nearby Green Street for two hours .
He said : " All hell broke loose - it was very frightening .
" There were West Ham fans on one side and Millwall on the other .
They were being kept apart by the police .
' Bloodied faces ' " Bottles and bricks were being thrown from the back and some were hitting West Ham fans at the front .
" There were loads of people with bloodied faces . "
One resident , who watched from his window as the trouble flared , said hundreds of fans gathered on the corner and threw bricks and cans at rivals .
" Riot and mounted police arrived to disperse the fans but they were outnumbered , " he said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Tony , a steward at the game , told BBC Radio 5 live they were powerless to stop the violence .
He said : " When you have 2,900 Millwall fans it is really intimidating .
" There is not a lot you can do - you have to hope the police presence can help you out . "
Harry Hallamn , 14 , travelled to the game with his brother and parents from their home in Horsham , Sussex .
He said the Tube driver told passengers he was unable to stop at West Ham station due to " police investigations " .
Harry said : " I was really scared , especially for my mum and dad , as I knew the Millwall fans would be waiting for us at the stations .
" As we got off the Tube there was a large number of Millwall fans waiting on the platform trying to start fights but there was a large police presence .
" After the match we saw West Ham fans walking straight towards the away end of the stadium so people were looking for trouble .
" It was a disgrace to football . "
Minister for Sport Gerry Sutcliffe said : " The scenes last night were a disgrace to football .
" I completely back the FA 's call for any person identified as involved to be banned for life . "
He added : " We have made great progress in the past 20 years in tackling football hooliganism in this country and will not tolerate any return to the dark days of the 70s and 80s . "
In a statement , West Ham Football Club said it would fully investigate this " deplorable violence " and would take the strongest action against anyone involved .
A Football Association spokesman said anyone found to have taken part in the violence would be banned from football for life .
He said : " We absolutely condemn the disorder .
" We will be working with all parties , the police and clubs , to establish the facts surrounding these events . "
Back to top
Were you at the game ?
You can send us your experiences using the form below .
You can also send us your pictures to yourpics@bbc.co.uk , text them to 61124 or you have a large file you can upload here .
Read the terms and conditions
At no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Online business has increased as the purchase of products over internet has increased .
So , optimizing e-commerce website is a must .
Optimizing a website which has ten to twenty pages or even more can be optimized easily but optimizing an e-commerce website is a crucial job , it ’s because this website contains thousands and thousands of pages which has to be optimized properly so as to get conversations from it .
So , here I have listed certain things which would help you when you optimize an e-commerce website .
Onpage Optimization :
A former Blackwater employee and an ex-US Marine who has worked as a security operative for the company have made a series of explosive allegations in sworn statements filed on August 3 in federal court in Virginia .
The two men claim that the company ’s owner , Erik Prince , may have murdered or facilitated the murder of individuals who were cooperating with federal authorities investigating the company .
The former employee also alleges that Prince “ views himself as a Christian crusader tasked with eliminating Muslims and the Islamic faith from the globe , ” and that Prince ’s companies “ encouraged and rewarded the destruction of Iraqi life . ”
In their testimony , both men also allege that Blackwater was smuggling weapons into Iraq .
One of the men alleges that Prince turned a profit by transporting “ illegal ” or “ unlawful ” weapons into the country on Prince ’s private planes .
They also charge that Prince and other Blackwater executives destroyed incriminating videos , emails and other documents and have intentionally deceived the US State Department and other federal agencies .
The identities of the two individuals were sealed out of concerns for their safety .
( Emphasis mine )
The manicured lawns and carefully sculpted buildings of Huawei 's headquarters are a far cry from the sweatshop image of southern China 's factory belt .
In place of rows of migrant workers hunched over production lines or sewing machines , engineers hover in front of NASA - style giant screens pinpointing any problems in the Chinese technology giant 's global network of telecoms systems .
Across the Silicon Valley - style campus , besuited executives wander through a training centre designed by British architect Norman Foster , while potential customers are wowed by new electronic gadgetry in a huge showroom .
" ( The campus shows ) we are trying to look like an international company , " said Ross Gan , Huawei 's head of corporate communications .
Huawei , which was founded just 21 years ago by a former People 's Liberation Army engineer , is the kind of company China needs if it wants to shift its economy from being the world 's workshop to a creator of genuine global brands .
The country has enjoyed a staggering boom in the last 30 years by churning out cheap toys , clothes and gadgets .
But for the past 10 years it has been looking to emulate Japan and South Korea , and move from cheap processing of other people 's ideas to nurturing a new Sony or Samsung .
But Chinese brands still do not roll off the tongue .
Huawei , whose core business of manufacturing goods like mobile phones for foreign firms and providing huge technology infrastructures remains intact , is at the forefront of this attempt to shift direction .
Last year it made 1,737 patent applications , more than any other company in the world , but Gan conceded that the key to the company 's success as a brand depends on transferring those into profitable products .
It produces one of the world 's leading dongles , a device that allows laptop users to get Internet access wherever they are , and has created an Islamic mobile phone that gives a daily Koran reading and points users towards Mecca whenever they need to pray .
Whether this flurry of ideas can be translated into the next Playstation remains to be seen .
The firm is part of efforts in the southern province of Guangdong 's factory - belt to change growth models .
Already threatened by rising wages and competition from places like Vietnam , the financial slowdown hit the region hard .
Chinese exports , many of them made in Guangdong , have collapsed by more than 20 percent , forcing the closure of factories and leaving up to 20 million migrant workers without jobs early this year .
" The financial crisis has shown that our traditional growth pattern is very fragile , " Wang Yang , the province 's Communist Party chief , told foreign reporters on a recent visit .
Another company trying to move up the value chain is BYD , a Shenzhen - based battery company that has turned its attention to electric and hybrid cars .
Formed in 1995 , the company has enjoyed huge success providing batteries for mobile phones , exactly the kind of low - end manufacturing that helped Shenzhen transform from a fishing village to a gleaming city of 12 million in 30 years .
Now BYD -- which stands for Build Your Dreams -- is harnessing its battery expertise to outmanoeuvre established carmakers , and create vehicles with fewer emissions .
While most electric cars only have a range of around 160 kilometres ( 100 miles ) , BYD says its electric models will be able to travel 400 kilometres on a single charge .
Although the cars are not styled as elegantly as many western models , BYD has attracted international attention and 230 million dollars from US investment guru Warren Buffett .
" Technology is the key and innovation is the route , " said Henry Li , general manager of the auto export division , on a visit to the company 's factory .
The annual Fortune magazine list of the world 's top 500 companies by revenue this year included a record 34 mainland Chinese firms .
However , all of them were state - owned and operating in often restricted markets or monopolies .
Xu Yan , an associate professor at Hong Kong University of Science and Technology 's business school , said the protected or monopoly - controlling state - owned behemoths have prevented China from developing new brands in some sectors .
" The state - owned companies are slow and not very responsive to the market and therefore lack innovation , " Xu told AFP .
Despite this , technology firms are starting to make the leap as they seek to compete in international markets , Xu said .
" Many hi-tech companies , like Huawei , cannot survive if they do not innovate and they realise they can no longer just offer a low price , " Xu said .
Another contender to break out from the domestic market is electronics firm TCL , a leading manufacturer of flatscreen TVs .
The company has excelled in driving down prices and is now using some of that cash to design its own products , including its own 3D screen .
Outside its factory in Huizhou , near to Shenzhen , a huge slogan is plastered on the wall in Chinese and English : " Persistence .
Consolidation .
Improvement . "
Whether " innovation " can be successfully added to that list is a crucial question for China .
( c ) 2009 AFP
UPDATE : If you are visiting us from the WordPress homepage or StumbleUpon , please check out the rest of our blog and subscribe to the feed here .
Nothing defeats bigotry like knowledge .
Scott Horton proves it here .
If you ’ve been following the story coming from Xinjiang , you know that there have been riots and scores of deaths reported by the Chinese national news agency .
Most of the story has been told at arm ’s length , and without knowledge of China ’s history with its minorities , the riots may seem like just another global flareup .
The dirty secret , of course , is that China ’s ethnic minorities are treated as third - class citizens , and despite their labeling as “ Muslim terrorists ” by the Chinese government , they are far from the Taliban or al - Qaeda .
Horton :
Yesterday , another Central Asianist with whom I was trading Xinjiang experiences recounted a conversation he had with Uighurs in Kashgar a few years ago .
“ What really upset them , ” he said , “ was the fact that the Chinese were emptying their prisons of convicted felons , offered their freedom if they would resettle in Xinjiang .
And these convicted felons were put in positions of authority over the natives . ”
The message could not be clearer : Central Asians are third - class citizens , not to be trusted .
And this is the sort of conduct which has led to uprisings , just like the one now occurring in Xinjiang , in Tibet , and other regions .
China ’s government has systematically hurt its ethnic minorities in an attempt to expand the Han Chinese dominant culture .
Even at the Olympics , during which China eagerly paraded out the costumes of its various ethnic minorities , the parts were played by Han children .
Horton wrote his article in response to Andy McCarthy at the National Review , who has labeled the Uighurs as terrorists .
The sooner we begin seeing the bogeyman everywhere , the more rare our friends become .
Say hello to Thomas and Janet , two humanoid machines who claim to be the first robotic pair to share a kiss .
The kiss between the robots was unveiled in December during a performance of scenes from the Phantom of the Opera at National Taiwan University of Science and Technology , says IEEE Spectrum .
Since then the robots have been working on their technique .
Chyi-Yeu Lin , a mechanical engineering professor at the Taiwanese University says a kiss requires some sophisticated hand - eye co-ordination among the robots and self - balancing mechanisms .
" To make the robots smooches and expression seem realistic , the team adopted several techniques , including manual molding , non-contact 3 - D face scanning and 3 - D face morphing , " says Spectrum , which interviewed Chyi - Yeu recently .
The kissing robots are similar to other efforts to help robots express emotions in ways that are familiar to humans .
For instance , researchers recently created an incredibly realistic Einstein robot that can smile and frown .
Earlier , researchers used to have program each of the robot's 31 artificial muscles individually but eventually trained the robot to use machine learning techniques to learn select emotions on its own .
Thomas and Janet have six expressions that are created using servos pulling at several points in the face and mouth .
Eventually , they hope to be part of a group of autonomous performing robot actors .
See Also :
Video courtesy : Spectrum Magazine
Marou Amadou was among a group of prisoners brought to court in Niamey An opposition leader in Niger , Marou Amadou , has been abducted , hours after he was freed by a court on charges of breaching state security .
Mr Amadou 's lawyer , Marc Le Bihan , told the BBC that men in uniform took him to an unknown destination .
He was arrested on Monday after calling for protests against a new constitution extending the president 's term .
Meanwhile , the opposition coalition , the CFDR , has vowed to fight President Mamadou Tandja 's rule .
The CFDR says it will restore the parliament , which the president dissolved in his attempt to hold onto power .
' Kidnapped ' MAMADOU TANDJA
Former army colonel , part of 1974 coup First elected in 1999 First Niger leader to be re-elected - in 2004 Says he must stay in office to continue economic projects Critics say the referendum was the same as a coup
Profile : Mamadou Tandja
In pictures : Niger 's third term poll A spokesman for Mr Amadou 's party - the United Front for the Protection of Democracy ( Fusad ) - said he had been kidnapped by the authorities as he prepared to leave a prison in Niamey .
" Marou Amadou has just been kidnapped aboard two 4x4 vehicles by members of the Republican Guard , " Ali Idrissa told the AFP news agency .
" We conclude from this that the authorities are not willing to respect the court decision , " he added .
The new constitution , which was approved in a referendum on 4 August , extends President Tandja 's mandate by three years .
It also allows him to run in subsequent elections , potentially giving him the opportunity to stay in power for life .
The EU and France have criticised the referendum and called on Niger to restore a democratic framework .
France says it will watch closely when Niger holds a parliamentary election on 20 August .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Why are we fighting in Afghanistan ?
Well , it ’s hard to say , because the rationale for our intervention keeps shifting : first it was to banish al - Qaeda from the region – although , of course , Osama bin Laden & Co. have n’t been seen in those parts since 2001 , when we fumbled an attempt to corner them in the mountains of the Hindu Kush .
Now , however , our war aims seem to have changed : according to Stephen Biddle , a civilian advisor to the commander of US troops at the Afghan front , Gen. Stanley McChyrstal , it ’s to keep Pakistan in line , prevent Islamabad from becoming a terrorist “ haven ” – and keep that country ’s nukes out of al - Qaeda ’s hands .
Such a nightmare scenario is n’t very likely , says Biddle in an essay published in The American Interest , and the rationale for the war itself is “ a close call , ” although , he avers , “ still worth it . ”
But why and how is it worth it – and , more importantly , to whom is it worth it ?
We ’ll get to that later , but first let ’s examine Biddle ’s argument in favor of the Afghan war – if , indeed , it can be called an argument in favor at all .
Because he ’s unusually honest about the real stakes involved , and on account of his position as an advisor to McChrystal , what he has to say is fascinating from the perspective of an opponent of US intervention .
Biddle dispenses with the “ we must deny al - Qaeda a safe haven ” argument – raised repeatedly by President Obama – with admirable swiftness .
Yes , he avers , we must make sure al - Qaeda does n’t reassert its presence in Afghanistan ,
“ But the intrinsic importance of doing so is no greater than that of denying sanctuary in many other potential havens — and probably smaller than many .
We clearly cannot afford to wage protracted warfare with multiple brigades of American ground forces simply to deny al - Qaeda access to every possible safe haven .
We would run out of brigades long before bin Laden ran out of prospective sanctuaries . ”
Indeed , if we take the logic of the “ no safe haven ” doctrine to its ultimate conclusion , then we must be willing to occupy the entire world – anywhere al - Qaeda could possibly find a “ safe haven . ”
Something tells me such a strategy is n’t going to be all that workable – although I ’m glad no one suggested it to the Bush administration , because they would probably have jumped at the chance to implement it .
No , says Biddle , the real reason we must invade and occupy Afghanistan for the next forty years or so is because of … Pakistan !
As he puts it :
“ The more important U.S. interest is indirect : to prevent chaos in Afghanistan from destabilizing Pakistan .
With a population of 173 million ( five times Afghanistan ’s ) , a GDP of more than $ 160 billion ( more than ten times Afghanistan ’s ) and a functional nuclear arsenal of perhaps twenty to fifty warheads , Pakistan is a much more dangerous prospective state sanctuary for al - Qaeda .
“ Furthermore , the likelihood of government collapse in Pakistan , which would enable the establishment of such a sanctuary , may be in the same ballpark as Afghanistan , at least in the medium to long term .
Pakistan is already at war with internal Islamist insurgents allied to al - Qaeda , and that war is not going well .
Should the Pakistani insurgency succeed in collapsing the state or even just in toppling the current civilian government , the risk of nuclear weapons falling into al - Qaeda ’s hands would rise sharply . “
Oh , but wait :
“ The United States is too unpopular with the Pakistani public to have any meaningful prospect of deploying major ground forces there to assist the government in counterinsurgency .
U.S. air strikes can harass insurgents and terrorists within Pakistan , but the inevitable collateral damage arouses harsh public opposition that could itself threaten the weak government ’s stability .
U.S. aid is easily ( and routinely ) diverted to purposes other than countering Islamist insurgents , such as the maintenance of military counterweights to India , graft and patronage , or even support for Islamist groups seen by Pakistani authorities as potential allies against India .
U.S. assistance to Pakistan can — and should — be made conditional on progress in countering insurgents , but if these conditions are too harsh , Pakistan might reject the terms , thus removing our leverage in the process .
Demanding conditions that the Pakistani government ultimately accepts but cannot reasonably fulfill only sets the stage for recrimination and misunderstanding . ”
Okay , let ’s see if I get this straight : the real problem is Pakistan , not Afghanistan .
However , we ca n’t go into Pakistan because we ’re hated there , and the very act of intervening could and would give al - Qaeda the kind of momentum it needs to overthrow the Pakistani government .
And we ca n’t even pressure the Pakistanis to crack down on the Islamists who may be sympathetic to al - Qaeda , because they ca n’t do it , and our insisting on it would only lead to hard feelings and “ misunderstanding . ”
Okay , I get it .
So , please tell me : why are we in Afghanistan ?
Well , I was just getting to that , if you ’ll be patient .
According to Biddle ,
“ This is the single greatest U.S. interest in Afghanistan : to prevent it from aggravating Pakistan ’s internal problems and magnifying the danger of an al - Qaeda nuclear - armed sanctuary there . ”
Oh , but never mind that , because , you see ,
“ Afghanistan ’s influence over Pakistan ’s future is important , but it is also incomplete and indirect .
A Taliban Afghanistan would make a Pakistani collapse more likely , but it would not guarantee it .
Nor does success in Afghanistan guarantee success in Pakistan :
There is a chance that we could struggle our way to stability in Afghanistan at great cost and sacrifice , only to see Pakistan collapse anyway under the weight of its own elite misjudgments and deep internal divisions . ”
So , where does this leave us ?
On the one hand , we have to be in Afghanistan because of our concern for Pakistan ’s security – but the latter could disintegrate in any event , and , indeed , it could do so in large part due to our efforts .
Hmmmmm .
A real conundrum here .
So what ’s left of the rationale for the Afghan war ?
Well , not a lot .
We are left to imagine a chain reaction of events , including the downfall of the Karzai government and its replacement with the Taliban , the downfall of the secular government in Islamabad and its replacement by some sort of Islamist regime sympathetic to al - Qaeda , and , finally , the capture of Pakistan ’s nukes by Al Qaeda , aided and abetted by the Taliban and the newly - installed Islamists – a scenario Biddle admits is not likely .
Nevertheless ,
“ During the Cold War , the United States devoted vast resources to diminishing an already - small risk that the USSR would launch a nuclear attack on America .
Today , the odds of U.S. withdrawal from Afghanistan yielding an al - Qaeda nuclear weapon next door in Pakistan may be relatively low , but the low risk of a grave result has been judged intolerable in the past and perhaps ought to be again .
On balance , the gravity of the risks involved in withdrawal narrowly make a renewed effort in Afghanistan the least - bad option we have . ”
Actually , the chances of a nuclear first strike by the Russians were a lot higher than is the highly unlikely prospect of a nuclear - armed al - Qaeda nuking New York from some Central Asian launching pad — first , because al - Qaeda has yet to acquire nukes , and secondly because Pakistan ’s nukes are well - guarded .
Thirdly , and most importantly , Biddle ’s analysis of the risks of inaction is seriously flawed by his one - sided emphasis on the alleged “ gravity ” of a given risk .
It would certainly pose a grave danger to the planet earth if we were invaded by a race of intelligent reptiles from Regulus : on the gravity scale I would give it a ten .
Yet the likelihood of such an event is practically zero , and therefore expending resources on prevention would be sheer waste .
There are other , far more probable threats lurking on the horizon .
Such as the threat of al - Qaeda obtaining nuclear materials from , say , Russian organized crime gangs , who looted nuclear facilities in the last days of the Soviet regime , and took advantage of the chaos to spirit away the makings of a very dirty bomb .
If al - Qaeda was about to take control of Pakistan , and its nukes , we would have plenty of warning : not so with the deployment of a dirty nuke , the elements of which have been assembled in secret and put in position just as the hijackers were put in position to do what they did on 9/11 .
This is the real threat , emanating not from any state actors but from a stateless , transnational insurgency that operates outside the parameters of warfare as we have known it .
Rather than fighting on the battlefield , they burrow beneath it and emerge like Myrmidons from the very soil , our own soil , to wreak destruction on a mass scale .
Andrew Bacevich made the same point in a recent essay for Commonweal , arguing that those who say “ the fight in Afghanistan is essential to keeping America safe ” overlook
“ The primary reason why the 9/11 conspiracy succeeded : federal , state , and local agencies responsible for basic security fell down on the job , failing to install even minimally adequate security measures in the nation ’s airports .
The national - security apparatus was n’t paying attention — indeed , it ignored or downplayed all sorts of warning signs , not least of all Osama bin Laden ’s declaration of war against the United States . …
So we let ourselves get sucker - punched .
Averting a recurrence of that awful day does not require the semipermanent occupation and pacification of distant countries like Afghanistan .
Rather , it requires that the United States erect and maintain robust defenses . ”
The campaign mantra of the Obama-ites was that the Iraq war was a diversion : the real battle against al - Qaeda , declared candidate Obama , needs to be fought in Afghanistan .
The reality is that both Iraq and Afghanistan are diversions away from the looming threat posed by a terrorist group that has shown it can penetrate our defenses and strike the continental United States , swiftly and without warning .
Biddle ’s essay , meant as a defense of military efforts in the region , is woefully unconvincing because the author is himself undecided when it comes to answering the question posed in his title : “ Is It Worth It ? ” Summarizing the problems – and problematic contingencies – surrounding the Afghan campaign , Biddle writes : “ taking all this into account , advocates for withdrawal from Afghanistan certainly have a case . ”
Wading through the ambiguities of Biddle ’s ” on the one hand this , on the other hand that ” case for invading and occupying Afghanistan for the next few decades – at enormous cost , both in lives and American tax dollars – one has to ask : is this all there is ?
Even the top advisor to the commander of our Afghan forces is hard - pressed to come up with a convincing rationale for a war guaranteed to be protracted , costly , and highly uncertain as to its ultimate outcome .
No wonder the American people are turning against it .
This business about al - Qaeda somehow taking control of Pakistan ’s nukes is a fantasy , but if fear of a nuclear - armed Osama bin Laden is going to lead us into invading and occupying entire countries , then neither Afghanistan nor Pakistan qualify as the prime candidate .
The chances of al - Qaeda acquiring a nuke from somewhere in the former Soviet Union – where loose nukes are floating around like autumn leaves in a forest – are far greater than this rather far - fetched Pakistan - goes - Islamist scenario .
So why do n’t we invade one of those former Soviet republics , say , Kazakhstan , where they might possibly pick up “ lost ” nukes from some criminal gang ?
Well , I ’d better stop there – after all , I do n’t want to give the Obama - ites any ideas , now do I ?
So , let ’s get back to our original question : how , why , and to whom is the Afghan war “ worth it ” ?
A good deal of Biddle ’s essay is concerned with the politics of the conflict and its impact on the domestic scene , particularly its reception in the court of US public opinion .
According to him , Obama has already “ put his stamp on ” the conflict , he owns it , and so must defend it from Republican attack and popular discontent .
It is a war , he says , that “ skirts the margins of being worthwhile , ” and the great danger is that a “ bipartisan antiwar coalition ” will arise as casualties mount .
On the other hand , we are told , withdrawal poses dangers , too :
“ Politically , it would commit the Administration to a policy now supported by only 17 percent of the electorate .
It would play into the traditional Republican narrative of Democratic weakness on defense , facilitate widespread if ill - founded Republican accusations of the Administration ’s leftist radicalism , and risk alienating moderate Democrats in battleground districts whose support the President will need on other issues .
However bad the news may look if the United States fights on , withdrawal would probably mean a Karzai collapse and a Taliban victory , an outcome that would flood American TV screens with nightmarish imagery . ”
What ’s at stake is n’t just the national interest – it ’s “ the Democratic Party ’s future — not to mention the nation ’s . ”
That ’s why thousands more must die , and billions must be wasted .
In short , it ’s all about politics – but not the politics of change .
It ’s the politics of “ stay the course , ” Obama - style .
There ’s the answer to the question that titles today ’s column .
Given this rationale for the Afghan war , I ’d like to see the following carved on the tombstone of each and every victim of this war : “ He / she died for the future of the Democratic party . ”
NOTES IN THE MARGIN
As tired as I am after writing close to 2,000 words , I ’m going to include in this “ Notes in the Margin ” a hectoring , overwrought and over - long fundraising appeal .
Just because it ’ll make me feel better .
Yeah , sure , yesterday brought in double what we ’d been averaging – but I fear that ’s because I allowed a photo of me being dragged into an Emergency Room , half - unconscious , to be put on the front page .
I trust , however , that had nothing to do with it .
In any case , yesterday was encouraging , but not , I hope , a one - time phenomenon , because we are very far from being out of danger – the danger of drastically downgrading or even closing down the site ..
Look , we really are in a major financial crisis – I hear one of our more essential employees volunteered to not take a salary this week so the others could be paid out of our rapidly - dwindling bank account .
A wonderful gesture by an exceptionally dedicated individual , one who will surely go down in the history of our movement as a hero , martyr , and saint .
Future generations of peacemakers will sing his praises – but in the meantime , he ’s out of a salary , and our other creditors are not quite so forgiving .
See , I told you it would be overwrought and hectoring , so at the risk of it being overlong , I ’ll bring this bleg to an abrupt end , except to say :
Wo n’t you please help ?
Steam has slashed Number None ’s critically acclaimed time - controlling puzzle platformer Braid down 66 % , offering up the game for a mere $ 5 through the weekend .
While the game ( $ 15 standard ) has seen some nice discounts in the past , this is the cheapest it ’s been offered thus far since it ’s original release onto the Xbox Live Arcade in August 2008 .
The PC version came out earlier this year in April and a yet to be released PSN version has also been announced .
Seriously if you have yet to play this game , it ’s worth way more than five bucks .
Google has a giant target on its back .
Microsoft has been on a spending and deal - making spree to grow Bing , recently signing a huge search deal with Yahoo .
And with Bing starting to steal some market share from Google , it 's proving to be a formidable opponent .
Oh , and now you can't count out Facebook either , which just launched a new realtime search engine .
Google 's not taking any of this lying down .
Secretly , they 've been working on a new project : the next generation of Google Search .
This is n't just some minor upgrade , but an entire new infrastructure for the world 's largest search engine .
In other words : it 's a new version of Google .
The project 's still under construction , but Google 's now confident enough in the new version of its search engine that it has released the development version for public consumption .
While you wo n't see too many differences immediately , let us assure you : it 's a completely upgraded Google search .
Google specifically states that its goal for the new version of Google Search is to improve its indexing speed , accuracy , size , and comprehensiveness .
Here 's what they wrote :
" For the last several months , a large team of Googlers has been working on a secret project : a next - generation architecture for Google 's web search .
It 's the first step in a process that will let us push the envelope on size , indexing speed , accuracy , comprehensiveness and other dimensions .
The new infrastructure sits " under the hood " of Google 's search engine , which means that most users wo n't notice a difference in search results .
But web developers and power searchers might notice a few differences , so we 're opening up a web developer preview to collect feedback . "
Trying Out the New Search
We just tried out the the new version of Google , and we will say this : the results are different .
Let 's compare , using the keyword " Mashable " as a reference point .
First , the current version of Google :
And the new version of Google Search :
Conclusion :
This search is not only faster , but in some instances in our few tests , seems more capable of producing real - time results .
It 's still way too early to make any definitive conclusions about this new search , but we will test it out thoroughly and give you a full report soon .
In the meantime , try it out for yourself and tell us what you think .
Time to Canuck the donuts .
Tim Hortons , the doughnut chain so popular in Canada that some hold it partly responsible for overburdening the nation ’s socialized medical system , is opening its first outposts in the city Monday .
The Riese Organization is transforming its 13 Midtown Dunkin ’ Donuts outlets into Hortons , providing new competition against the dominant doughnut maker — not to mention the city ’s countless sidewalk morning - coffee carts .
There are some similarities — Dunkin ’ has its “ Munchkins ” and Hortons has its “ Timbits . ”
But Hortons — named for the late hockey hall - of - famer who co-founded the chain — is also more of a restaurant , said Riese CEO Dennis Riese .
“ Unlike Dunkin ’ Donuts , Tim Hortons has a full - service kitchen and does all its baking on premises , ” he said .
“ Business should be strong throughout the day , and not just during the morning rush . ”
Riese said The Post deserves some credit for bringing the chain ’s first outposts to the city .
In 1998 , The Post ran a story — with the Page 1 headline “ Under Mouse Arrest ” — and photos of mice chowing down on the racks of one of Riese ’s Dunkin ’ locations .
As a result , the chain sued him .
The legal battle over the sanitary conditions at the Midtown locations — which Riese insists “ were never any worse than at any other Dunkin ’ Donuts , ” went on for years .
“ It got really heavy - handed — they acted as if no other Dunkin ’ Donuts ever had a mouse run through it , ” he said
The two sides settled five years ago .
In return for extending his franchise agreement to this month , Dunkin ’ waived the noncompete agreement Riese had signed .
That allowed him to transform his Dunkin ’ locations into those of the chain ’s fierce rival .
Hortons has 3,400 locations , including 500 in the United States .
Until now , the Hortons outlet nearest the city was in Connecticut .
Dunkin’ , meanwhile , now has more than 400 Big Apple outlets .
But Riese has claim to some of the highest - volume locations , in Times and Herald squares .
In recent years , coffee has been in the front lines of the battle among Dunkin ’ , Starbucks and McDonald ’s , and Riese says he expects Hortons to lure many java junkies from the rivals .
jeremy.olshan@nypost.com
Minotauro said : Good lord , that 's the most embarrassing room ever .
Click to expand ...
MechDX said : I want to know her opinion .
Click to expand ...
Shadow780 said :
Where did you find all these photos ...: lol Click to expand ...
gamerecks said : Boobs , Blades , and Britney Click to expand ...
Quite the contrary , for me .
I 've put a lot into it , I 'm totally proud of the vibe and the collection .
I can see how the abrasive mishmash might seem off - putting or unsavory , but I love the place .
No embarrassment there .
Honestly only my buddies really lob shit about it , chicks typically either do n't care or applaud going all - out with it .
Everyone cracks jokes , though ... most recently I was asked how I 'll afford enough frames for the entire Lane Bryant lingerie catalog .
Valid concern .
The prints of paintings are mostly Simon Bisely posters from Heavy Metal 's store , and the large photos ( Nadine Jansen and Milena Velba ) were custom printed .
I 'm making room for more , lots more .
X- Blades also crept its way up there ( the game , and the style totally fit my theme ) .
The two big Britney posters are souvenirs from her Circus tour .
The veryof home decor , as a wise GAFfer said recently .
We are in the last week of production , waiting on only a few edits before our first release .
The first issue will feature a spotlight interview with Peter Winter , a prominent route developer in the climbing community , an update on some of the developments in the grand wall boulders over the last 2 years , and a trip report on Leavenworth , WA .
Contributors include Mike Chapman , Rich Kupskay , Gord Konkin , Brian Vincent , Carla Cupido , Luke Zimmerman , Jamie Chong , Gary Foster , and Vikki Weldon .
Stay tuned to download your first issue of Squamish Climbing Magazine !
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
July 22 , 2009
Categories : Uncategorized . .
Author : squamishclimbingmagazine
1 Comment
Comments RSS TrackBack Identifier URI
The most prominent theme at this last weeks Intel Developer Forum was Intel 's push into the consumer electronics space , a push that starts in earnest at 32nm with products aimed at televisions , set - top boxes , and mobiles .
In fact , a whole day of the conference was dedicated to Intel 's thinking on " convergence , " a trend that 's up there with " virtual reality " and micropayments in the pantheon of Next Big Things that never actually materialized .
Intel is , of course , well aware that " convergence " is a punchline , so the company has taken pains to specify that they 're talking about a " new convergence , " despite the fact that it 's still essentially about hooking a PC up to your TV .
What 's supposed to be different this time is that convergence makes TV personal ... and it also makes it social .
So the converged TV experience will be both individualized and collective , get it ?
Ok , let 's try again — the converged TV of the future will be so highly personalized that it will show you content and advertising that 's precisely tailored to your interests ( gleaned via phone - based GPS tracking and your Google history ) , while also somehow bringing the television experience back to an bygone , black - and - white era where we all felt connected by virtue of the fact that everyone watched one of three networks .
If you think that these two notions of TV as hyper - personalized , on the one hand , and hyper - social , on the other , are " in tension " with one another ( to use the popular grad school euphemism ) , you 're not alone .
The whole time I was watching Justin Rattner 's convergence keynote , I felt like I almost got it , but not really .
I even tried to score an interview with one of Intel 's ethnographers so that he could explain it to me , but apparently the whole company is sleeping off a post - IDF hangover because I 'm still waiting for someone to get back to me on this .
And the ethnographers should be able to answer my questions , because they 're the ones whose job it is to come up with these new notions of what TV should be once TVs are powered by x86 processors .
They 're the guys who are tasked with dreaming up problems for which x86 is the solution .
The love child of Skynet and Clippy
Most of what Intel 's ethnographers have cooked up in the way of TV - related problems for Intel to solve tend to lie toward the " personal " end of the spectrum .
Specifically , Intel hopes that an x86 - powered television will be able to zero in on which parts of the billions of hours of networked video that will soon be available that you 'll want to see , and then automatically populate a playlist with it .
The demo of this automatic playlist capability involved Rattner discovering that his video playlist had been automatically populated with guitar - related content , because he had taken his GPS - equipped MID to Guitar Center over the weekend to look for a guitar for his son .
But this example , as technically impressive ( and mildly creepy ) as it was , actually demonstrates a common problem with automatic recommendation schemes , because it was n't clear that Rattner himself actually cares anything about guitars .
The computer saw that he had gone to Guitar Center , and apparently assumed that he was shopping for himself .
In my own life , this same problem crops up with Amazon 's recommendation engine , which , because my wife also buys books on my Amazon account , kept showing me books about breast feeding for months after my daughter was born .
My point here is that computers are still notoriously bad at anticipating what we want , and they probably always will be , no matter how much Intel they have inside .
This is n't a problem that Intel can solve — I still have no idea what my wife wants half the time , and I 'm a human who lives with her .
This being the case , what Intel is likely to end up with before they 're forced to scale back their ambitions , is something like a cross between Skynet and Clippy , the Microsoft Office paper clip — all - seeing , ever - present , and all - annoying .
The parts of Rattner 's demo that held considerable promise were the parts that put humans in charge of all that processor horsepower and enabled them to drill down through video content in order to find exactly the clips they want .
For instance , Rattner demonstrated a technology that identifies the players in a soccer game , tracks the commentary feed to pick up highlights , and stores all of this metadata for user browsing .
The end result is that a soccer fan can quickly put together her own highlight reel from last night 's game , with a special focus on her favorite player .
" So this is like my own private SportsCenter , " said Rattner .
" I decide what I want to see . "
That 's convergence I can believe in , and if Intel can deliver more of those kinds of experiences to TV watchers , they 'll have no problem finding an audience .
Some hospital emergency rooms have seen record - breaking numbers of patients this week as those with coughs , sore throats and fevers  and sometimes no symptoms at all  have sought reassurance that they do not have the deadly H1N1 virus , also known as swine flu .
Although the pattern is far from universal , the surges have been particularly heavy at children ’s hospitals , presumably because the young are so susceptible to respiratory diseases with comparable symptoms .
Some hospitals have had to increase staffing and enact specialized triage plans .
Waiting times have billowed in some emergency rooms , even for the seriously ill .
In many instances , patients are showing up at hospitals , sometimes referred by their doctors , even though they do not have symptoms , like fever and nausea , that could indicate swine flu .
At San Joaquin Community Hospital in Bakersfield , Calif. , none of the 188 patients  a daily record  who arrived at the emergency room on Tuesday had symptoms that met the criteria to even be tested , said Jarrod B. McNaughton , the hospital ’s vice president .
[ / caption ]
If the energy from the sun varies by only 0.1 percent during the 11 - year solar cycle , could such a small variation drive major changes in weather patterns on Earth ?
Yes , say researchers from the National Center for Atmospheric Research ( NCAR ) who used more than a century of weather observations and three powerful computer models in their study .
They found subtle connections between solar cycle , the stratosphere , and the tropical Pacific Ocean that work in sync to generate periodic weather patterns that affect much of the globe .
Scientists say this will help in predicting the intensity of certain climate phenomena , such as the Indian monsoon and tropical Pacific rainfall , years in advance .
“ The Sun , the stratosphere , and the oceans are connected in ways that can influence events such as winter rainfall in North America , ” says NCAR scientist Gerald Meehl , the lead author .
“ Understanding the role of the solar cycle can provide added insight as scientists work toward predicting regional weather patterns for the next couple of decades . ”
The new study looked at the connection between the Sun ’s impact on two seemingly unrelated regions .
Chemicals in the stratosphere and sea surface temperatures in the Pacific Ocean respond during solar maximum in a way that amplifies the Sun ’s influence on some aspects of air movement .
This can intensify winds and rainfall , change sea surface temperatures and cloud cover over certain tropical and subtropical regions , and ultimately influence global weather .
The team first confirmed an earlier theory , that the slight increase in solar energy during the peak production of sunspots is absorbed by stratospheric ozone .
The energy warms the air in the stratosphere over the tropics , where sunlight is most intense , while also stimulating the production of additional ozone there that absorbs even more solar energy .
Since the stratosphere warms unevenly , with the most pronounced warming occurring at lower latitudes , stratospheric winds are altered and , through a chain of interconnected processes , end up strengthening tropical precipitation .
At the same time , the increased sunlight at solar maximum causes a slight warming of ocean surface waters across the subtropical Pacific , where Sun- blocking clouds are normally scarce .
That small amount of extra heat leads to more evaporation , producing additional water vapor .
In turn , the moisture is carried by trade winds to the normally rainy areas of the western tropical Pacific , fueling heavier rains and reinforcing the effects of the stratospheric mechanism .
The top - down influence of the stratosphere and the bottom - up influence of the ocean work together to intensify this loop and strengthen the trade winds .
As more sunshine hits drier areas , these changes reinforce each other , leading to less clouds in the subtropics , allowing even more sunlight to reach the surface , and producing a positive feedback loop that further magnifies the climate response .
These stratospheric and ocean responses during solar maximum keep the equatorial eastern Pacific even cooler and drier than usual , producing conditions similar to a La Nina event .
However , the cooling of about 1 - 2 degrees Fahrenheit is focused farther east than in a typical La Nina , is only about half as strong , and is associated with different wind patterns in the stratosphere .
Earth ’s response to the solar cycle continues for a year or two following peak sunspot activity .
The La Nina - like pattern triggered by the solar maximum tends to evolve into a pattern similar to El Nino as slow - moving currents replace the cool water over the eastern tropical Pacific with warmer water .
The ocean response is only about half as strong as with El Nino and the lagged warmth is not as consistent as the La Nina - like pattern that occurs during peaks in the solar cycle .
Solar maximum could potentially enhance a true La Nina event or dampen a true El Nino event .
The La Nina of 1988 - 89 occurred near the peak of solar maximum .
That La Nina became unusually strong and was associated with significant changes in weather patterns , such as an unusually mild and dry winter in the southwestern United States .
The Indian monsoon , Pacific sea surface temperatures and precipitation , and other regional climate patterns are largely driven by rising and sinking air in Earth ’s tropics and subtropics .
Therefore the new study could help scientists use solar - cycle predictions to estimate how that circulation , and the regional climate patterns related to it , might vary over the next decade or two .
The team used three different computer models to look at all the variables and each came up with the same result , that even a small variablilty in the sun ’s energy could have profound effects on Earth .
“ With the help of increased computing power and improved models , as well as observational discoveries , we are uncovering more of how the mechanisms combine to connect solar variability to our weather and climate , ” Meehl says .
The team ’s research was published in the Journal Science .
The Lenovo ThinkPad W700ds A Full - Blown Workstation Disguised as a Laptop Text & Photographs by Allan Weitz Some people fall backwards while feigning a Fred Sanford - like heart attack upon seeing the Lenovo ThinkPad W700ds for the first time .
In a world of ever - shrinking notebooks and itty - bitty laptops , the ThinkPad W700ds weighs in at a hefty 11 pounds ( the charger / AC adapter is another 2.2lb ) , and measures 16.1 x 12.2 x 2.1 " .
If Boeing built laptops for the Pentagon , a box of donuts says it would look like the Lenovo ThinkPad W700ds .
Lenovo ThinkPad W700ds
The key to understand where this brute - of - a - box laptop fits into the scheme of things is to not view the ThinkPad W700ds as a loaded - to - the - hilt laptop , which for most mortals it is .
The key is to view the ThinkPad W700ds as a highly mobile alternative to larger multi-component digital workstations .
If what you do for a living includes performing high - quality , color - accurate digital editing on location you already know the logistics of packing and transporting a computer , hi-def monitor , and all of the peripherals and cables needed to make it all work .
Flying ?
Add a few hundred dollars for additional baggage .
From this perspective , the Lenovo ThinkPad W700ds suddenly begins to make a lot of sense .
The beauty of the ThinkPad W700ds is that it enables you to pack up and head out the door with a complete ( dare I say all - in - one ) digital imaging system that fits in a shoulder bag .
Better - yet , it can be carried aboard a plane and stowed away in most overhead bins .
So much for baggage fees , baggage handlers , and the always - lurking possibility of bags getting lost along the way .
Among the many imaging essentials integrated into the Lenovo W700ds is a 3x5 " Wacom tablet ( with a slip - in storage slot for the stylus ) , and memory card readers .
( Our sample had a CF , SD , and ExpressCard / 34 slots .
Other models have a 7 - in - 1 card reader )
If the 17 " diagonal screen is n't enough real estate to satisfy your needs , an additional 10.6 " auxiliary screen pops out of the right side of the screen housing , which proved to be a handy place to park toolbars , menu palates , and contact sheets .
( And in case you 're wondering , the ' ds ' in the name stands for ' dual screen ' , as opposed to the standard ThinkPad W700 , which is similar minus the 2nd screen . )
The ThinkPad W700ds ' 17 " WXGA + TFT screen ( 1920 x 1200 , 16 M colors ) is one of the finest screens you 're likely to find on a laptop .
According to Lenovo , the W700ds can display up to 72 % of the Adobe RGB gamut , which is almost twice up from the industry average of 45 % found on other laptop screens .
Along with stunning color , tonality , and contrast levels , the screen has a terrific anti-glare surface , and can be easily viewed from extreme angles .
The smaller , 10.6 " WXGA pop-out screen ( 1280 x 768 , 15 M colors ) can also be angled inward for better viewing .
To ensure the highest levels of color accuracy , the ThinkPad W700ds features a Pantone hueyPRO color calibration system , complete with a colorimeter flush - mounted on the flight deck .
Calibrating the system is as simple as starting up the software , closing the screen , and waiting for the 3 beeps that indicate the process is complete .
Total calibration time ?
Under a minute .
In addition to the Wacom tablet the W700ds also has an dedicated numeric keypad and integrated UltraNav dual - pointing system with a touchpad and Trackpoint bud .
And to keep busybodies and other unauthorized souls out of your business the ThinkPad W700ds features a built - in fingerprint recognition system .
The specs of the Lenovo W700ds are as impressive as its list of integrated peripherals .
The heart of the W700ds is a 2.53 GHz Intel Core 2 Extreme QX9300 quad - core CPU with 4GB of RAM ( expandable to 8 GB ) .
To store all of your data the W700ds has a 320 GB SATA Dual hard drive that spins at 7200rpm and a nVIDIA Quadro FX 3700 M graphics card with 1GB of memory to process the largest of files in half the time of all - but - the - most - powerful workstations currently in production .
In the connectivity department , the W700ds sports 5 USB ports , 1 FireWire port , an Ethernet connection , a DVI DisplayPort , Docking Connector , as well as a headphone jack and mic jack located up front where they belong .
There 's also a built - in modem , DVD burner , and Bluetooth 2.0 connectivity .
For working unplugged , the W700ds contains a 9 - cell Lithium-ion battery that delivers about 1.5 - hours of use ( in ' High Performance ' mode ) before signing off .
The W700ds is a graduate of the ' form follows function ' school of design .
It 's also built like the proverbial tank , which for a machine designed to travel is a positive attribute .
As for actually using it on your lap … lotsa ' luck .
The size alone makes it a challenge to use in trains , planes , and most compact automobiles .
While the benefits of the Lenovo ThinkPad W700ds are straightforward and objective , the negative aspects are personal and subjective .
As a long - time Mac user , Windows Vista Business is not my platform of choice .
If you 're already a Windows regular , you 'll be fine .
In fact , you 'll think you died and went to workstation heaven .
But for a Mac user the ' look and feel ' of the Windows interface has a less - than - playful , ' spreadsheet ' feel about it , which depending on your nature can take some time to get comfortable with .
The other negative for me was the quick realization that the ThinkPad W700ds is designed for right - handed users .
If you 're a southpaw ( like me ) you 'll wish the Wacom tablet , pop -out screen , and a few other features were located on the left side of the machine to minimize the need to reach across the keyboard every time you want to do something .
But as I said , these are personal biases , which in no way invalidates the fact that the Lenovo ThinkPad W700ds is a serious , high - performance workstation designed for the most critical of imaging and post - production editing requirements regardless of where the job takes you .
Visit us at our NY Superstore in the Store Demo area to get a hands on experience with Lenovo W700 .
Cult roughly refers to a cohesive social group devoted to beliefs or practices that the surrounding culture considers outside the mainstream , with a notably positive or negative popular perception .
Many cults are destructive or suicidal though others , whilst being controversial , do not commit extreme acts .
This is a list of the top ten cults .
In no particular order :
1. Church of Bible Understanding
Stewart Traill
The Church of Bible Understanding ( formerly known as the Forever Family ) is a destructive cult started in 1971 by former atheist and vacuum repairman Stewart Traill in Allentown , Pennsylvania .
The cult targeted teens as young as 13 by drawing on their weaknesses .
Throughout the 1970s , the cult expanded to many other parts of the United States .
Traill , born in Quebec in 1936 is the son of a Presbyterian minister , who teaches that he is the reincarnation of Elijah , and that he knows the date of the return of Christ .
Members of the cult live in a commune and donate 90 % of their income to the cult .
Traill amassed a fortune and owns four planes and a half million dollar mansion .
According to former members , Traill controls every aspect of members ’ lives through harsh criticism , shame , and public humiliation .
Ron Burkes , a staff member at a residential treatment center for former cult members says this :
“ [ Traill ] has one of most effective means of shutting down critical thinking I ’ve ever seen .
Of the hundreds of people I ’ve treated , COBU is definitely in the top five in terms of harm and psychological damage . ”
The cult also runs a mission in Haiti , where some former members claim Haitian children are indoctrinated in exchange for food and clothing .
According to an article originally appearing in the Manassas Journal Messenger , COBU receives government funds for its Haiti Mission as part of President Bush ’s Faith Based Initiative .
Play / Download audio of Stewart Traill
Dive into the terrifying world of brainwashing with World Famous Cults and Fanatics at Amazon.com !
2. Manson Family
The Manson Family was a cult started by Charles Manson .
Manson was born to Kathleen Maddox , an unwed sixteen year old girl , in 1934 .
It is said that his mother , an alcoholic , sold him to buy beer .
When he was returned to her she had him sent to a boarding school .
After a number of years living with his religious aunt and uncle , he returned to his mother who rejected him .
After a number of robberies , he was put in jail for the first time .
One month before his parole hearing in 1952 , he raped a boy in jail by holding a razor to his throat .
Two years later he was paroled .
Manson began to pimp a young woman he met and eventually took her , and a second woman to New Mexico to work for him as prostitutes .
He was caught and tried under the Mann Act ( a 1910 act that prohibited white slavery and trafficking for immoral means ) .
In 1967 he was released ( having spent more than half of his life in institutions ) .
Upon release , he requested permission to move to San Francisco which was granted .
When he arrived he became part of the Hippie movement centered around the Haight - Ashbury region and he set himself up as a guru .
He moved in with 23 year old student Mary Brunner and convinced her to allow other women to join them .
Eventually eighteen other women were living with them – this was the beginning of the family .
By 1968 , Manson had established a home for the “ family ” at a ranch owned by George Spahn .
Manson convinced one of the family members , Lynette Fromme , to sleep with Spahn in order to get free rent .
Manson began teaching his followers that social uprisings were coming – using the assassination of Martin Luther King as evidence .
He also told them that the social turmoil he had been predicting had also been predicted by The Beatles .
The White Album songs , he declared , told it all , although in code ; in fact , he maintained , the album was directed at the Family itself , an elect group that was being instructed to preserve the worthy from the impending disaster .
In 1969 , on August 8 , Manson told Family members at Spahn Ranch , “ now is the time for Helter Skelter . ”
That evening the family , under the direction of Manson , would commit the famous murder of Sharon Tate , leading to other murders over the two day period .
3. Aum Shinrikyo
Aum Shinrikyo , is a Japanese religious group founded by Shoko Asahara .
The group gained international notoriety in 1995 , when it carried out a Sarin gas attack in the Tokyo subways .
In 2000 the organization changed its name to “ Aleph ” ( the first letter of the Hebrew and Arabic alphabet ) , changing its logo as well .
In 1995 the group had 9,000 members in Japan , and as many as 40,000 worldwide .
As of 2004 Aum Shinrikyo / Aleph membership was estimated at 1,500 to 2,000 people .
The movement was founded by Shoko Asahara in his one - bedroom apartment in Tokyo ’s Shibuya ward in 1984 , starting off as a Yoga and meditation class known as Aum - no - kai and steadily grew in the following years .
It gained the official status as a religious organization in 1989 .
It attracted such a considerable number of young graduates from Japan ’s elite universities that it was dubbed a “ religion for the elite ” .
Aum ’s PR activities included publishing .
In Japan , where comics and animated cartoons enjoy unprecedented popularity among all ages , Aum attempted to tie religious ideas to popular anime and manga themes – space missions , extremely powerful weapons , world conspiracies and conquest for ultimate truth .
Aum Shinrikyo had started as a quiet group of people interested in yogic meditation , but later transformed into a very different organization .
According to Asahara , he needed “ to demonstrate charisma ” to attract the modern audience .
Following his decision , Aum underwent a radical image change .
The rebranded Aum looked less like an elite meditation boutique and more like an organization attractive to a broader , larger population group .
Public interviews , bold controversial statements , and vicious opposition to critique were incorporated into the religion ’s PR style .
The cult started attracting controversy in the late 1980s with accusations of deception of recruits , and of holding cult members against their will and forcing members to donate money .
A murder of a cult member who tried to leave is now known to have taken place in February 1989 .
At the end of 1993 the cult started secretly manufacturing the nerve agent sarin and later VX gas .
They also attempted to manufacture 1000 automatic rifles but only managed to make one .
Aum tested their sarin on sheep at a remote ranch in Western Australia , killing 29 sheep .
Both sarin and VX were then used in several assassinations ( and attempts ) over 1994 - 1995 .
Most notably on the night of 27th June 1994 , the cult carried out the world ’s first use of chemical weapons in a terrorist attack against civilians when they released sarin in the central Japanese city of Matsumoto .
This Matsumoto incident killed seven and harmed 200 more .
However , police investigations focused only on an innocent local resident and failed to implicate the cult .
11 cult members have been sentenced to death , although none of the sentences have been carried out , nor the time and date for the executions to take effect has been publicly established .
4. Restoration of the 10 Commandments
The full name of this cult is the Movement for the Restoration of the Ten Commandments of God .
The Movement for the Restoration of the Ten Commandments of God was a breakaway group from the Roman Catholic Church that formed in Uganda in the late 1980s .
As the name implies the group strongly emphasized the Ten Commandments .
This emphasis meant they even discouraged talking : out of fear of breaking the commandment about giving false witness .
They also believed that their strict adherence to the Ten Commandments would be advantageous after the apocalypse .
This proved significant as the group had a strong emphasis on the apocalypse , highlighted by their booklet A Timely Message from Heaven : The End of the Present Time .
New members were required to study it and be trained in it , reading it as many as six times .
They also taught that Mother Mary had a special role in the apocalypse , and communicated to the leadership .
They saw themselves as like Noah ’s Ark , a ship of righteousness in a sea of depravity .
The group tended to be secretive and as mentioned above , was literally silent .
Therefore it was relatively unknown to the outside world until 2000 , although in 1998 the school they ran was sanctioned by the government due to unsanitary conditions and violation of child labor statutes .
In March of 2000 , around 300 followers died in a fire in what is considered a cult suicide .
Investigations conducted after the fire discovered mass graves , raising the death toll to over 1,000 .
This may mean it was larger than the Jonestown murder / suicide in 1978 , but some speculate the death toll was around 800 .
There are also allegations that the event was more of a mass murder by the leadership .
5. Raëlism
Founder , Claude Vorilhon ( right )
Raëlism or Raelian Church is a UFO religion founded by a purported contactee named Claude Vorilhon , who is known recently for supporting Clonaid ’s claim that an American woman underwent a standard cloning procedure , which led to the birth of her new daughter Eve in December 26 , 2002 .
National authorities , mainstream media , and young adults have increasingly investigated the church ’s activities as a result of controversial statements by Clonaid ’s head Brigitte Boisselier the day after .
Members of the Raëlian Church consist of people who have been baptized by Raëlian clergy in quarterly ceremonies , and among the converts are members of Raëlian - founded free love groups such as the Order of Angels and Raël ’s Girls .
The organization — which preaches a sensual philosophy and a physicalist explanation of the origin of life — could have as many as sixty - five thousand members .
Raëlians emphasize secular and hedonistic ideas , rather than worshiping a supreme metaphysical deity . [ 30 ]
The Raëlian Church members follow a UFO religion that favors a strong version of physicalism – the belief that everything consists only of physical properties .
Raëlians deny the existence of the ethereal soul and a supernatural god , and believe that the mind is a function of matter alone .
This ties into their belief that mind transfer is possible and that it will be possible to create an identical human clone in terms of mind and personality — as long as the clone and the original are not alive at the same time .
Play / Download Vorilhon Singing
Get free shipping , thousands of movies , and millions of streaming songs with a FREE trial of Amazon Prime at Amazon.com !
6. Scientology
The Church of Scientology is a cult created by L Ron Hubbard ( Elron ) in 1952 as an outgrowth of his earlier self - help system called Dianetics .
Scientology and the organizations that promote it have remained highly controversial since their inception .
Journalists , courts and the governing bodies of several countries have stated that the Church of Scientology is an unscrupulous commercial enterprise that harasses its critics and abuses the trust of its members .
Journalists , governments , religious groups and other critics worldwide have often referred to the organization as a cult .
Reports and allegations have been made , by journalists , courts , and governmental bodies of several countries , that the Church of Scientology is an unscrupulous commercial enterprise that harasses its critics and brutally exploits its members .
In some cases of US litigation against the Church , former Scientologists were paid as expert witnesses and have since stated that they submitted false and inflammatory declarations , intended to be carried in the media to incite prejudice against Scientology , and deliberately harassed key Scientology executives , by knowingly advancing unfounded opinions , either to get a case dropped or to obtain a large settlement .
Although Scientologists are usually free to practice their beliefs , the organized church has often encountered opposition due to their strong - arm tactics , directed against critics and members wishing to leave the organization .
7. Order of the Solar Temple
Joseph Di Mambro
The Order of the Solar Temple also known as Ordre du Temple Solaire ( OTS ) in French , and the International Chivalric Organization of the Solar Tradition or simply as The Solar Temple was a secret society based upon the new age myth of the continuing existence of the Knights Templar .
OTS was started by Joseph Di Mambro and Luc Jouret in 1984 in Geneva as l ’Ordre International Chevaleresque de Tradition Solaire ( OICTS ) and renamed Ordre du Temple Solaire .
It is believed that other members were also involved who have remained unknown to the public .
In October 1994 Tony Dutoit ’s infant son ( Emmanuel Dutoit ) , aged three months , was killed at the group ’s centre in Morin Heights , Quebec .
The baby had been stabbed repeatedly with a wooden stake .
It is believed that Di Mambro ordered the murder , because he identified the baby as the Anti-Christ described in the Bible .
He believed that the Anti-Christ was born into the order to prevent Di Mambro from succeeding in his spiritual aim .
A few days later , Di Mambro and twelve followers performed a ritual Last Supper .
A few days after that , apparent mass suicides and murders were conducted at two villages in Switzerland , and at Morin Heights — 15 inner circle members committed suicide with poison , 30 were killed by bullets or smothering , and 8 others were killed by other causes .
Many of the bodies when found were drugged , possibly to prevent the members from objecting .
The buildings were then set on fire by timer devices , purportedly as one last symbol of the group ’s purification .
In western Switzerland , 48 members of a sect died in another apparent mass murder - suicide .
Many of the victims were found in a secret underground chapel lined with mirrors and other items of Templar symbolism .
The bodies were dressed in the order ’s ceremonial robes and were in a circle , feet together , heads outward , most with plastic bags tied over their heads ; they had each been shot in the head .
It is believed that the plastic bags were a symbol of the ecological disaster that would befall the human race after the OTS members moved on to Sirius .
A mayor , a journalist , a civil servant and a sales manager were found among the dead in Switzerland .
Records seized by the Quebec police showed that some members had personally donated over $ 1 million to the cult ’s leader Joseph Di Mambro .
There was also another attempted mass suicide of the remaining members which was thwarted in the late 1990s .
It is believed that The Solar Temple group continues to exist , with thirty surviving members in Quebec at the St - Anne - de - la - Pérade center , with from 140 to 500 members remaining worldwide .
8. Heaven ’s Gate
Heaven ’s Gate is a destructive , doomsday cult centered in California .
21 women and 18 men voluntarily committed suicide in three groups on three successive days starting on March 23 , 1997 .
Most were in their 40’s ; the rest covered an age range of 26 to 72 .
Two months later , two additional members , Charles Humphrey and Wayne Cooke attempted suicide in a hotel room a few miles from the Rancho Santa Fe mansion ; Cooke succeeded .
Humphrey tried again in the Arizona desert during Feb 1998 and was successful .
They followed a syncretistic religion , combining elements of Christianity with unusual beliefs about the nature of UFOs .
They interpreted passages from the four gospels and the book Revelation as referring to UFO visitation .
In particular , they emphasized a story in Revelation which described two witnesses who are killed , remained dead for 3 1 / 2 days , were revived and taken up into the clouds .
They look upon earth as being in the control of evil forces , and perceived themselves as being among the elite who would attain heaven .
They held a profoundly dualistic belief of the soul as being a superior entity which is only housed temporarily in a body .
Applewhite said that bodies were only “ the temporary containers of the soul …
The final act of metamorphosis or separation from the human kingdom is the ‘ disconnect ’ or separation from the human physical container or body in order to be released from the human environment . ”
Members called themselves brother and sister ; they looked upon themselves as monks and nuns ; they lived communally in a large , rented San Diego County ( CA ) home which they called their monastery .
Most members had little contact with their families of origin or with their neighbors .
Many followed successful professional careers before entering the group .
Some abandoned their children before joining .
They were free to leave at any time .
They dressed in unisex garments : shapeless black shirts with Mandarin collars , and black pants .
They were required commit themselves to a celibate life .
Eight of the male members , including Do , submitted to voluntary castration .
This seems to have been a form of preparation for their next level of existence : in a life that would be free of gender , sexual identity and sexual activity .
Thirty - eight group members , plus Applewhite , the group ’s leader , were found dead in a rented mansion in the upscale San Diego community of Rancho Santa Fe , California , on March 26 , 1997 .
The mass death of the Heaven ’s Gate group is said to be one of the most widely - known examples of cult suicide .
In preparing to kill themselves , members of the group drank citrus juices to ritually cleanse their bodies of impurities .
The suicide was accomplished by ingestion of phenobarbital mixed with vodka , along with plastic bags secured around their heads to induce asphyxiation .
They were found lying neatly in their own bunk beds , with their faces and torsos covered by a square , purple cloth .
Each member carried five dollar bills and a few quarters in their wallets .
All 39 were dressed in identical black shirts and sweat pants , brand new black - and - white Nike tennis shoes , and armband patches reading “ Heaven ’s Gate Away Team ” .
The suicides were conducted in shifts , and the remaining members of the group cleaned up after each prior group ’s death .
9. Branch Davidians
The Branch Davidians are a religious sect who originated from a schism in 1955 from the Davidian Seventh Day Adventists , themselves former members of the Seventh - day Adventist Church who were disfellowshipped during the 1930s .
From its inception in the 1930s , the splinter movement inherited Adventism ’s apocalypticism , in that they believed themselves to be living in a time when Christian prophecies of a final divine judgment were coming to pass .
They are best known for the 1993 siege of their Center near Waco , Texas , by the ATF and the FBI , which resulted in the deaths of eighty - two of the church ’s members , including head figure David Koresh .
However , by the time of the siege , Koresh had encouraged his followers to think of themselves as “ students of the Seven Seals ” rather than as “ Branch Davidians , ” and other Branch Davidian factions never accepted his leadership .
Some former members of Koresh ’s group alleged that he practiced polygamy with underage brides , physically abused children , and stockpiled illegal weapons , legal authorities investigated these charges .
On February 28 , 1993 , the U.S. Treasury Department ’s Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms ( ATF ) conducted a raid on Mount Carmel , a property of the Davidians .
The raid resulted in the deaths of six Davidians and four ATF agents after a firefight broke out .
Following this confrontation , the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) laid siege to Mount Carmel for 51 days , during which time the FBI and ATF conducted around - the - clock operations including psychological warfare ( psyops ) on the occupants of the complex .
The government ’s siege on the Branch Davidians ended on April 19 when federal agents released CS tear gas into the compound .
During the assault , several fires broke out and spread quickly through the buildings , killing approximately 79 Branch Davidians , 21 of whom were children .
Autopsies confirmed that many of the victims , including David Koresh , had died of single gunshot wounds to their heads .
The government put some of the survivors on trial .
All were acquitted of conspiring to murder federal agents but some were convicted of aiding and abetting voluntary manslaughter .
10 . Unification Church
The Unification Church ( Mooneyism ) is a new religious movement started by Sun Myung Moon in Korea in the 1940s .
The beliefs of the church are explained in the book Divine Principle and draw from the Bible as well as Asian traditions and include belief in a universal God ; in the creation of a literal Kingdom of Heaven on earth ; in the universal salvation of all people , good and evil as well as living and dead ; that Jesus did not come to die ; and that the Lord of the Second Coming must be a man born in Korea early in the 20th century who must marry and have children .
In the United States in the 1970s , the media reported on the high - pressure recruitment methods of Unificationists and said that the church separated vulnerable college students from their families through the use of brainwashing or mind control .
Moon dismissed these criticisms , stating in 1976 that he had received many thank - you letters from parents whose children became closer to them after joining the movement .
Moon and his wife were banned from entry into Germany and the other 14 Schengen treaty countries , on the grounds that they are leaders of a sect that endangered the personal and social development of young people .
The Netherlands and a few other Schengen states let Moon and his wife enter their countries in 2005 .
In 2006 the German Supreme Court overturned the ban .
In 1993 , Chung Hwa Pak released the book Roku Maria no Higeki ( Tragedy of the Six Marys ) through the Koyu Publishing Co. of Japan .
The book contained allegations that Moon conducted sex rituals amongst six married female disciples ( “ The Six Marys ” ) who were to have prepared the way for the virgin who would marry Moon and become the True Mother .
Chung Hwa
Pak had left the movement when the book was published and later withdrew the book from print when he rejoined the Unification Church .
Before his death Chung Hwa Pak published a second book , The Apostate , and recanted all allegations made in Roku Maria no Higeki .
Bonus .
Jonestown
On 18 November 1978 , more than 900 people died in the largest mass murder / suicide in American history .
Most of the deaths occurred in a jungle encampment in Guyana , South America , where members of a group called Peoples Temple lived in a utopian community and agricultural project known as Jonestown .
Most died after drinking a fruit punch laced with cyanide and tranquilizers , although some may have been injected ; two residents died of gunshot wounds .
Earlier that day a few other residents of the group had assassinated a U.S. congressman along with three members of the media and a departing Jonestown resident .
And in Guyana ’s capital city of Georgetown , yet another member of the group killed her three children and then herself after receiving word of the deaths in Jonestown .
In all , 918 Americans lost their lives that day .
Since that time , Jonestown and its leader Jim Jones have entered American discourse as code for the dangers of cults and cult leaders .
The expression “ drinking the Kool - Aid ” — which means both blindly jumping on the bandwagon , and being a team player — is one manifestation of this .
The story of Jonestown , and of its parent organization Peoples Temple , however , is more complicated than sound - bites comparing strict parents to Jim Jones , or pundits relating religious violence ( such as the suicide air strikes of 11 September 2001 ) to Jonestown .
Instead , Jonestown serves as a lesson in how a combination of media , government , and citizens can create a climate of persecution and fear .
It also provides an example of how uncritical acceptance of the status quo and social and geographic isolation can lead to violence and even death .
Notable Exclusions : The Children of God , Mormonism , Jevhovah ’s Witnesses , Seventh Day Adventists
Sources : Wikipedia , Youtube , Google Videos
Technorati Tags : cults , religion
SANTA GIVES MORE TO RICH KIDS ...
Reaction online was and still has been staggering .
I received emails from all over the world including , my favourite , one from a Native American Chief , supporting my efforts .
And a few whimsical death threats and Gas Price Forum members debating whether I should be burnt or decapitated first .
I rang around for a couple of weeks looking for another company with no luck .
The last name on my list was Clear Channel .
They 're the world 's largest owner of billboards and hardly likely to step into something that had already generated ' controversy ' in the press the first time around .
Bizarrely though they said yes , were really lovely and even offered me a choice of sites .
I did n't push my luck by asking them if they were aware of the newspaper coverage .
I was just glad to get my degree show back on track .
The newspapers thought the story had legs though .
The guy at Maiden I had been organising it with , who had been really nice up until that point , now hated me .
On the day the poster was meant to go up the papers ran the story , he rang & grimly told me to enjoy my 15 minutes of fame .
Originally I was going to put up a billboard with Maiden Outdoor , advertising directly to both children and adults , telling them some unsettling truths about Santa Claus .
( For more on my justification for this project click here . )
I had the poster printed , ( £ 130 ) and ready for posting .
Then the day before it was to go up , I got a phone call from Maiden :
Due to the press finding out ( via the press release I had sent out , ) and the fact it was such a " contentious " issue , the board was not going up , end of story .
XMAS CARDS
PHOTOS
PRESS
On Christmas Day , the alleged birthday of Jesus Christ , children around the world awake early to scramble for and salivate over their brand new consumer products , singing songs about Santa Claus and decorating their homes with homages to the new religion .
Jesus lurks in the background of the festivities , an uncomfortable reminder of how far the celebrations are from anything he once stood for .
Santa Claus provides a much better spokesman for a festival and a society based on rampant greed and materialism .
Christmas Day is perhaps our initial introduction to the modern industrial economy .
It is that first gift from the factory that makes the connection between inanimate products and potential human happiness .
From then on , we want it more , we want it bigger , better , louder , and more shiny .
Relations between family and friends at Christmas become a transaction : Amount of Love = Amount of Money Spent .
And after years of free stuff , when we ’re dependent on the anticipation and desire , but we find out that Santa is n’t real , it was a lie all along - then the concept of working for the rest of our lives is explained to us .
Although it is an urban myth that Coca - Cola decided Santa was going to be red , their adverts featuring illustrations of St. Nick ( created by the same artist who invented Uncle Sam ) had a large effect on the way the public perceived and retold the story of Santa to their children .
Advertising shaped the myth , and as the image of Santa Claus was used more and more in a commercial function , Santa adapted to meet the needs of producers .
The jolly old man became more than a simple carpenter , instead transforming into the largest toy shop in the world .
Anything produced by the economy could be delivered direct to your tree at home , overnight , but only if you were ‘ good ’ .
Santa gets consumers when they ’re young , and gives them their first taste of what capitalism has to offer them .
In later years they might discover brutal truths about the nature of the system , but they ’ll always have those childhood memories , the golden Xmas of years gone past , the smell of toys fresh out of the box …
Children are the ultimate consumers , with very little ability to differentiate between advertisements and reality .
They have no reason to suspect that the hyped up enthusiasm shown by those promoting a product in an advert is genuine and that they are giving anything other than their honest appraisal .
Despite scientific research showing that children can not tell the difference between regular programming and commercials , there are still no restrictions in the UK or US on adverts that appeal directly to children .
Many of these ads rely on the ability of children to ‘ nag ’ and put pressure on their parents to buy the products featured .
Adults with degrees in advertising , marketing and psychology conspire against 7 - year - old children in order to shape their desires , aspirations and purchasing habits .
The adverts are designed explicitly to keep and hold the child ’s attention and make them remember and recite their message .
Children now sing advertising jingles in the playground where they once sang nursery rhymes .
Attention Deficit Disorder has become widespread among children in America and increasingly so in Europe , a result of real life simply not being as exciting as the thousands of adverts and other media kids view every year .
Children enforce brand hegemony among their schoolmates through social exclusion , mockery and violence .
They are utterly susceptible to the technique of lifestyles being associated with products through the power of images .
Those desires the advertisers shape in children from such an early age affect their transfer through puberty .
The aspiration for a life like those who ‘ live ’ in adverts means that as the children grow they will find themselves compared unfavourably with the models and actors leading such perfect , opulent lives in the advertisements .
This can be psychologically damaging , affecting the individual ’s perception of self - worth .
The result is that their value as a human being can only be quantified in terms of the purchases they make on the way to achieving one of the ‘ lifestyles ’ featured in and endorsed by the media .
The fact that the life they aspire to does not exist , only makes it so much more of an expensive target .
​
Also posted on Medium .
Written in 2005 .
Alternate Versions
In the O.V. after Barry runs outside his house and into the night , there 's a cut to a music box playing " When You Wish Upon a Star " and then to Roy Neary 's house , where he receives a phone call from his boss at the power station .
In the S.E. after Barry leaves the house we see a panoramic shot of the city at night instead ; the next scene shows Roy playing with a toy train in order to explain to his son what a fraction is .
There 's an argument between Roy , his wife and his kids ( they want to go play Goofy Golf , he wants to go see " Pinocchio " but is outvoted ) .
Then Roy 's boss calls .
The dialogue spoken by Roy 's boss is completely different in the S.E .
After the power outage , the O.V. version shows Roy Neary at the power station where workers are discussing the power failures and his supervisor tells him to go check an area of the city .
The Special Edition deletes this scene .
The S.E. adds a new scene , after Roy see's the UFO flyby on the road : a UFO stops in front of a McDonald 's sign and flashes its light on it , as if to read it .
An old man sees the UFOs fly by on the road and says " They can fly rings around the moon , but we 're years ahead of them on the highway " .
This scene is missing from the S.E .
The S.E. adds a scene in which U.S. soldiers and scientists discover the ship , the " Cotopaxi " in the Gobi desert .
This scene is inserted right after the one where Roy and his wife watch the sky in the spot where he first saw the UFOs .
A scene where Roy and his wife argue right after he 's fired from his job .
Roy lies on his bed and looks at a pillow ( whose shape resembles the Devil 's Tower mountain )
The pillow segment was removed in the S.E .
The S.E. version changes the chronology of sequences from the mid-section of the O.V .
In the O.V. the scene where Roy is fired is followed by the scene where he goes back to the road with his camera , which is followed by The India sequence and then Lacombe 's auditorium speech .
In the S.E. these scenes are flip - flopped .
The scene where Roy is fired is followed by the India sequence , which is followed by Lacombe 's auditorium speech , followed by the scene where Roy goes back to the road with his camera .
In the S.E. Lacombe 's auditorium speech is slightly longer containing the applause of the dignitaries .
The S.E. deletes a scene at an Air Force base after Lacombe and the military argue about the best way to scare the population away from the alien 's landing area .
In the original Jillian is interviewed by reporters about her son's kidnapping , and Roy and Ronnie arrive at the base to attend a press conference about UFOs .
Roy draws the shape of the Devil 's Tower on a newspaper over the photo of Jillian and the headline " Cosmic Kidnapping " .
However , the headline is misspelled as ' kidnaping ' .
In the O.V. , the dinner / mashed potato sequence begins with the kids arguing at the table .
As soon as Roy walks into the room they immediately stop shouting .
In the S.E. this portion is deleted and the scene begins with Ronnie handing Toby the mashed potatoes .
The S.E. adds a sequence where Roy breaks down and he locks himself in the bathroom and goes under the running shower .
Ronnie breaks the door open and yells at him , holding him responsible for their family falling apart .
The scene where Roy tosses bricks and bushes into his house so he can make the Devil 's tower replica was almost entirely removed in the S.E. version .
The S.E. only includes the portion of the scene where Ronnie actually leaves with the kids .
When Ronnie leaves Roy and almost runs him over with her car , the O.V. shows him getting back inside the house from a window .
This scene is missing from the S.E .
In the scene where Roy makes his giant model , he briefly stops and glances to see children playing outside .
This portion is slightly shortened in the S.E .
The sequence when Roy arrives in Wyoming and meets Jillian at the train station while the population is being evacuated by the army is shorter in the S.E. : in the original we saw Roy trying to convince a soldier ( played by Carl Weathers ) to let him go look for his " sister " : the guard says he has orders to shoot anyone that trespasses .
The S.E. adds a new ending that shows what happens after Roy enters the mothership , with light / sound special effects by Douglas Trumbull .
In the S.E. the end title music is different .
Instead of the closing " overture " music originally commissioned for the credits , we hear an arrangement of " When You Wish Upon A Star " .
A " Special Edition " version was released in 1980 ( 3 years after the film 's original theatrical release ) .
The original production of " Close Encounters of the Third Kind " was plagued with schedule and budget problems .
Spielberg originally wanted to release the film in the summer of 1978 , however , Columbia Pictures ( who were undergoing financial troubles at the time ) insisted that Spielberg have it ready by November 1977 .
Therefore many scenes Spielberg had scripted could n't be filmed as he originally intended due to time constraints .
After the movie's huge success , Spielberg asked Columbia to allow him to re-cut the picture and to shoot additional sequences ; the studio agreed at the condition that he included new scenes showing the inside of the alien mothership ( to entice audiences into the theater again ) .
Spielberg was given a budget of $ 1.5 million and seven weeks to shoot the new sequences ( some of which were shot while he was also directing 1941 ( 1979 ) ) .
He had to use a different director of photography ( Allen Daviau ) because Vilmos Zsigmond was unavailable , and he was able to convince most of the original cast to re-appear , with the exception of director Francois Truffaut ( who played French scientist Lacombe ) who was on location shooting a film at the time .
For years , Steven Spielberg considered the Special Edition the only " real " version of the movie and dismissed the original as an inferior " work - in - progress " .
According to Columbia , all prints of the original version have been destroyed ( apart from a few copies kept in the studio's vault for historical value only ) .
Only the Special Edition had been the version available on video until Criterion became the first company to release different versions of the film in any video format .
The following are the differences between the Original Version ( O.V. ) and the Special Edition ( S.E. ) :
As it turned out , I did n’t have to , and Atkins was n’t what spared me the worst wages of my hunger .
Sports did that .
Through the swimming lessons that Mom took Mark , Harry and me to at the local Y.M.C.A. , we all discovered that my clumsiness on land disappeared in the water , where I was faster and stronger than my brothers — than most kids my age .
I started swimming daily , then twice daily , putting in nearly four hours in the pool on many days .
By the time I was 12 , that commitment made me one of the top - ranked swimmers nationally for my age in many events .
It also meant I did n’t have to confront and control my overeating the way I really needed to , because the swimming burned away so many of the calories I consumed .
It did n’t burn away enough of them : I looked a bit curvier and lumpier than most of the other kids on the pool deck .
Whether during a swim practice or at a meet , I kept my T - shirt on until the moment I dove into the water , and I put it back on the second I climbed out .
In the kitchen , Mom would become fixated for short periods on certain dishes , ingredients or culinary tropes , and for a while her obsession was wrapping things in bacon .
If something could be wrapped in bacon , speared with a toothpick and broiled , she did precisely that and usually served the results as canapés , disregarding the extent to which things wrapped in bacon might fill a person and diminish his or her readiness for the rest of the meal .
She wrapped chicken livers in bacon .
Scallops too .
She wrapped water chestnuts in bacon , though I never really saw the point .
When you had bacon on the outside of something , why put a vegetable on the inside ?
It struck me as a crucial loss of nerve .
She became obsessed for a while with club sandwiches , layered with bacon .
This was because of the pool that she and Dad decided to put in the forested yard behind our house in Avon , Conn. , outside of Hartford , to which Dad ’s firm transferred him from New York just before I turned 13 .
It was a grand , ludicrous pool , out of sync with the family ’s usually sensible spending habits , a splurge exponentially larger than anything before it .
It was 20 yards long , so that Mark , Harry and I could do meaningful laps in it if we wanted .
It resembled a lake , its deck punctuated with enormous boulders that jutted toward , and hung slightly over , the water .
Given all the money that went into it , Mom all but demanded , from mid-May to late September , that we get ourselves out there and enjoy it , and so she developed what she considered pool - friendly cuisine : guacamole with chips , crudités with dip .
And club sandwiches .
The fact that the sandwiches had turkey in them allowed her to tell herself that she was making something healthier than hamburgers or hot dogs .
She always bought freshly carved turkey or cooked turkey breasts herself and carved them .
She carefully toasted the white or wheat bread ( her choice depended on her mood and dieting cycle ) so that it was firm and golden brown , discarding slices that emerged from the toaster too dark .
Then she cut the sandwiches into triangular quarters , crucial to her insistence that this was just piddling poolside finger food .
A person could have just a quarter sandwich — just a nibble .
Who was she kidding ?
No one in our family stopped at a quarter or even two quarters , and I usually did n’t manage to put the brakes on before five or six .
I had more discipline and did better with other things : chemistry , American history , Steinbeck , Wharton .
At Loomis Chaffee , the private school outside of Hartford to which Mom and Dad sent us , I got A’s in my classes and had editing positions on school periodicals and was a star on the swim team .
I was , as Mom and Dad had always prodded me to be , well rounded .
Only , the rounded part , well , I felt that it applied to me just a little too literally .
“ Our job was to get the money in and then we ’re done , ” said Paul Pejman , a former sales agent who worked out of FedMod ’s two - story headquarters in Irvine , Calif .
He recounted his experience , he said , because “ I really feel bad . ”
“ I had people calling me crying , and we were telling them , ‘ You can pay me or you can lose your house , ’ ” Mr. Pejman said .
“ People were giving me every dime they had , opening credit cards .
But I never saw one client come out of it with a successful loan modification . ”
Mr. Anz , who is challenging the F.T.C. lawsuit , acknowledged that FedMod ’s business went “ horribly wrong , ” but he maintains the company made genuine efforts to help delinquent borrowers .
He said FedMod has refunded fees to 3,000 dissatisfied customers , while modifying 1,500 mortgages .
A New Mission
FedMod is among dozens of similar companies that have been accused by state and federal authorities of fraudulent business practices .
On the same day in April that the F.T.C. sued FedMod , it brought action against four similar companies and sent letters of warning to 71 others .
Last week , the commission brought lawsuits against four more loan modification companies , advancing an enforcement campaign involving 23 states .
Many of the companies formerly operated as mortgage brokers , The Times found .
Since October , the California Department of Real Estate has ordered 210 businesses and individuals to stop offering loan modification or foreclosure prevention services , because they lacked a real estate license , as required by the state .
In fact , nearly half the people have roots in the mortgage industry or other areas of real estate , according to public records .
Debt Barter Inc. is among them .
A loan modification company based in Irvine that was cited by the state in January for collecting upfront fees without a license , it is owned by Sean R. Roberts , who formerly headed Instafi , a mortgage broker that closed $ 2 billion worth of loans a year at its peak .
Since February , customers have filed 17 complaints against Debt Barter with the Better Business Bureau .
Most accused the company of charging upfront fees , then failing to lower their payments .
“ We ca n’t please everyone all the time , ” said Mr. Roberts , who added that the company had modified loans for nearly 300 of its roughly 500 clients .
Take the Lord ’s name in vain and if the lightning bolt does n’t get you , the Irish Government soon will .
That ’s the fond hope of Minister for Justice Dermot Ahern , who last week proposed the insertion of a blasphemy clause into the Defamation Bill , currently before the Irish Parliament .
The clear intention behind this move is to hit naysayers and non-believers where it hurts them most – in their pockets .
The clause states : " A person who publishes or utters blasphemous matter shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable upon conviction on indictment to a fine not exceeding € 100,000 . "
It then defines " Blasphemous matter " as " grossly abusive or insulting in relation to matters held sacred by any religion , thereby causing outrage among a substantial number of the adherents of that religion ; and he or she intends , by the publication of the matter concerned , to cause such outrage " .
The reason behind the proposal would appear to be a small logical difficulty with the Irish Constitution .
This contains provisions which state that " the publication or utterance of blasphemous , seditious , or indecent material is an offence which shall be punishable in accordance with law " – but there is no actual law against blasphemy .
On the single occasion that an attempt was made to prosecute a satirical Irish newspaper under this provision - Corway v Independent Newspapers , in 1999 - the Supreme Court eventually concluded that it was not possible to say " of what the offence of blasphemy consists " .
For these reasons , the Oireachtas Committee on the Constitution , last year recommended that the Constitution be amended to remove all references to sedition and blasphemy , and redrafted to bring it into line of article 10 of the European Convention on Human Rights , providing a positive right to freedom of expression .
That would be one solution : the Minister for Justice ’s proposal is another .
Critics of this proposal point out that the Constitution also includes provision for freedom of expression , subject to the proviso that it not undermine public order and morality .
Moreover , a law that defended only the Christian deity would be in breach of article 44 , which guarantees religious equality .
Labour spokesman on Justice Pat Rabbitte has proposed an alternative approach .
He has put forward an amendment that accepts the principle of a blasphemy law , but reduces the maximum fine to € 1,000 and specifically excepts from the definition of blasphemy any material which has " literary , artistic , social or academic merit " .
It may appear strange that the Irish are looking to introduce such a law at the very moment that other governments – in particular the UK government – are doing away with specific provisions on blasphemy .
The Racial and Religious Hatred Act 2006 made it an offence to " stir up hatred against a person on the grounds of their religion " .
This was followed by the abolition of much older common law offences of blasphemy and blasphemous libel in the Criminal Justice and Immigration Bill 2008 , on the grounds that they were inappropriate to a modern society and Christian - centric .
However , they left open the possibility of quirky prosecutions , such as that of Gay News by Mary Whitehouse in 1977 for daring to publish a poem – " The Love that dares to speak its name " by James Kirkup – that openly speculated about Jesus ’ sexuality .
The law has therefore evolved away from protecting the dignity of a remote celestial being - whom many clergy have always believed to be quite capable of looking after Himself - to dissuading people from attacking other individuals on the grounds of their religious belief .
According to the Government , the test in UK law – of inciting hatred – goes some way further than simply hurting the feelings of believers , and requires a conscious effort on the part of the offender to threaten or cause harm .
Insofar as it talks about the feelings of religious groups , the Irish proposal appears to sit halfway between the older UK concept of blasphemy , and the newer model designed to protect individuals from harm .
However , if the Government gets its way , UK Law in this area looks set to move on a stage further , as the Equality Bill , now before Parliament brings together nine separate pieces of legislation and creates a single framework for all legislation on discrimination .
This is either a simple tidying up measure or , as some critics have warned , a rag bag of " protected characteristics " that will give those who have such characteristics greater rights before the law than those without them .
A person bullied for their intense belief in Scientology , then , will receive strengthened protection under this law - someone bullied because they are obese , dress like a Goth , or for no apparent reason will have to stick up for themselves . ®
Ten Reasons Foreign Exchanges Suck At a Bank
One of the most common mistakes people make when it comes to foreign exchange is entrusting their currency transfer to their bank , in the belief that this is the easiest and most efficient option .
However , by enlisting a foreign exchange specialist , they can in fact save a significant sum .
Here are Foremost Currency ’s top ten points to consider against opting to exchange money through a bank , whether you are buying a property overseas , a business involved in import and export or transferring a monthly sum such as a pension to a foreign account .
Uncompetitive Rates – Securing a competitive exchange rate with your bank is highly unlikely .
As a result the service provided is often not suited to anyone other than tourists and holiday makers .
A foreign exchange specialist will always offer a commercial rate and can even guarantee rates for up to two years .
Commission – Banks will charge you commission on every single money transfer you make , regardless of the amount .
A good foreign exchange specialist on the other hand will not , allowing you to get more for your money .
Transfer Fees – A bank will charge you for each individual transfer from your current account to your new account overseas .
If you are looking to make regular monthly transfers , these transfer fees will mount up and could end up costing you a considerable amount over the course of a year .
Specialist transfer fees are considerably lower and sometimes there are no transfer fees at all .
Love Your Money – A foreign exchange specialist ’s day job is to specifically monitor the money markets .
A good specialist will have at least twenty currency dealers watching the markets on your behalf and will be readily available to provide relevant market information to enable an informed decision about when to make a transfer .
Banks on the other hand are split across a number of key remits and foreign exchange is markedly not their primary focus .
Inconvenience – A foreign exchange specialist will set up monthly transfers to take place automatically through priority wire transfer .
When dealing with a bank it is not uncommon to have to visit your branch in order to ensure the transfer takes place .
If for some reason you are unable to make it to the bank one day you could end up missing important mortgage payments , a hassle that many of us could do without .
Specialist Tools –
There are a variety of specialized foreign exchange options that a good broker will provide , enabling you to receive the most appropriate service for you .
Spot Deals , Forward Contracts and Limit Orders are just some of the many tools a foreign exchange specialist will provide that a bank does not .
Added Extras – A good foreign exchange specialist will provide other services in order to make your money transfers as stress free and accessible as possible .
Some specialists will have an online trading platform which allows customers to check exchange rates and trade online at any time of the day .
Three Simple Steps – Transferring money overseas could n’t be simpler with a foreign exchange specialist .
Open an account , speak to a broker , and receive your funds .
All you are required to do is provide proof of identification and proof of address .
Banks may draw this process out by asking you to fill out numerous forms .
Build a Relationship – A good foreign exchange specialist will not only provide a 24/7 service , but you will also be guaranteed an account handler who will open your account and remain with you throughout the life of your transactions .
Banks cannot provide such a personalized service due to the sheer number of products and services they offer coupled with the number of customers they have .
A foreign exchange specialist will provide you with the attention you deserve , and a personal approach that the banks cannot match .
Boycott the Banks – Let ’s face it .
Some consider that the blame for the problems facing the world economy should lie at the banks ’ doorsteps .
Why would you want to give them more of your money ?!
This is a guest post from Robin McEwen , Managing Director at Foremost Currency .
Learn More at www.foremostcurrencygroup.co.uk, or call 08000 781 0601
Promote or Save This Article
If you like this article , please consider bookmarking or helping us promote it !
If you like this article , please consider bookmarking or helping us promote it !
Print It | Email This | Del.icio.us | Stumble it !
| Reddit |
Related Posts
RCMP are warning drivers to keep their hands on the wheel while travelling past accidents , saying a number of distracted driving tickets were issued on ...
RCMP are warning drivers to keep their hands on the wheel while travelling past accidents , saying a number of distracted driving tickets were issued on ...
Some people who slowed down for a closer look at a tractor - trailer rollover got more than they bargained for on Tuesday .
Some people who slowed down for a closer look at a tractor - trailer rollover got more than they bargained for on Tuesday .
Five drivers have been fined for distracted driving after using their cellphones to take pictures of an accident on the Trans - Canada Highway in southern Alberta .
I 'll start with a full disclosure : Graham Greene is one of my very favorite writers .
While his work runs the gamut from weighty explorations of human evil like Brighton Rock to genuinely funny farces like Our Man in Havana , there 's just something consistently mesmerizing about his crisp prose and ability to work a moral or philosophical dilemma into even his espionage thriller " entertainments . " 
Let 's take a look at five things you might not know about the moralist / novelist :
1. He Was n't Big on School
Going to boarding school can be tough on anyone , but it was particularly rough for Greene , possibly because his father was his headmaster .
Greene 's status as an introverted misfit at school led to a number of botched suicide attempts , including drinking chemicals , eating nightshade , and attempting to drown himself in the school 's pool after eating handfuls of aspirin .
Obviously none of these attempts worked , so Greene resorted to running away in 1920 at the age of 16 .
He did n't get too far , though , and when his family regained custody of their wayward son , they sent him to live with a London psychoanalyst for six months .
Greene later called this period of psychoanalysis one of the happiest stretches of his life , but it did n't cure him of his suicidal tendencies .
Just a few years later he would begin playing Russian roulette after the end of a love affair .
2. Shirley Temple Probably Was n't Buying Up His Books
Getty Images
Even after his novels started selling well , Greene worked as a freelance journalist , often writing film reviews .
One of the films Greene reviewed for the magazine Night and Day was the 1937 Shirley Temple vehicle Wee Willie Winkie .
Greene cut into the movie and its star with characteristic zeal .
At one point in the review he wrote , " Her admirers — middle - aged men and clergymen — respond to her dubious coquetry , to the sight of her well - shaped and desirable little body , packed with enormous vitality , only because the safety curtain of story and dialogue drops between their intelligence and their desire . "
Yes , Greene basically theorized that the nine - year - old Temple 's appeal was primarily sexual and accused her fans of being dirty old men .
No , that did n't sit too well with Temple 's managers or her film company , 20th Century Fox .
They sued Greene , Night and Day , and the magazine 's printers for libel for suggesting that Temple was being trotted out for prurient reasons .
The case ended up in court in March 1938 .
Greene was to be tried in absentia while he was on assignment in Mexico .
Temple 's counsel quickly worked out a settlement with the magazine for around 3500 pounds , but because Greene was in Mexico , the judge could n't extract any cash from him .
Things did n't turn out so well for Night and Day ; the huge financial blow helped force the magazine to fold a few months later .
Greene did a bit better for himself ; the exile in Mexico helped give him the setting for the masterpiece The Power and the Glory .
3. Caribbean Dictators Were n't Huge Fans , Either
Getty Images
When Greene was n't grappling with Catholicism , he was usually writing about espionage or some sort of political intrigue .
This subject matter did n't always win him friends in the countries in which he set his novels .
Fidel Castro did n't like the light comic tone of Our Man in Havana because it downplayed just how repressive his predecessor , Fulgencio Batista , had been .
Castro's whining was nothing compared to Francois " Papa Doc " 
Duvalier 's reaction to The Comedians , Greene 's scathing 1966 novel about Duvalier 's Haitian regime .
The book displays the brutality of Duvalier and the Tonton Macoute , the despot 's personal secret police , and Duvalier was none too pleased to have his dirty laundry aired by such a well - known novelist .
Duvalier launched an unsuccessful counteroffensive by going on a pamphlet - writing smear campaign against Greene .
In his autobiography Ways of Escape , Greene recalled that Duvalier accused him of being , " 'A liar , a cretin , a stool - pigeon ... unbalanced , sadistic , perverted ... a perfect ignoramus ... lying to his heart 's content ... the shame of proud and noble England ... a spy ... a drug addict ... a torturer . '
( The last epithet has always a little puzzled me . ) " 
4. He Had Firsthand Espionage Experience
Getty Images
Greene 's novels are set all over the world , from Cuba to Haiti to Vietnam to Africa , and he'd been to all of those places .
His reputation as a jet - setting journalist and novelist made it easy for Greene to get in and out of various countries , a trait the British intelligence office prized .
MI6 recruited Greene as an agent during World War II and stationed him as an intelligence agent in Freetown , Sierra Leone .
The arrangement worked out well , as the British government got intelligence and Greene got the setting for The Heart of the Matter , one of his very best novels .
Interestingly , Greene 's spymaster supervisor and close friend within the agency was none other than Kim Philby , the infamous double agent who fed sensitive information to the Soviets for nearly three decades .
For a lot of people , finding out their buddy was possibly the most notorious mole in intelligence history would have ruined the friendship .
Not for Greene .
He kept in touch with Philby after the double agent went into exile in Moscow and even wrote the foreword to Philby 's 1968 memoir My Silent War , a show of support that some speculate may have cost Greene a shot at the Nobel Prize .
5. He Was n't Raised Catholic
i Stock
If you 've read much Greene , this one 's the real shocker .
Although he always argued that he was a novelist who engaged Catholic themes rather than a Catholic novelist , Greene 's probably the first name that pops into your head if you have to name a Catholic novelist .
( In a 1978 interview , Greene said , " I 've always found it difficult to believe in God .
I suppose I 'd now call myself a Catholic atheist . " )
His most overtly Catholic novels , The Power and the Glory , The End of the Affair , Brighton Rock , and The Heart of the Matter all rank among his best known and strongest works .
Surprisingly , Greene was n't raised in a Catholic family , though .
He did n't convert to Catholicism until the age of 21 in 1926 .
What made him convert ?
Well , a woman had a hand in it .
Greene 's transformation into Catholicism was partly influenced by Vivien Dayrell - Browning , the woman who would become his wife .
( Vivien had some writing chops of her own ; when she was 16 she had published a book of poetry with an introduction by G.K. Chesterton . )
Greene ended up leaving Vivien and their two children for a mistress in 1947 .
As strict Catholics , the Greenes never divorced and remained married until Graham 's death in 1991 .
Vivien did n't just sit around and weep about her departed husband , though .
She filled her time by becoming one of the world 's foremost authorities on dollhouses .
She began collecting 18th - and 19th - century English dollhouses during the 1940s , and after buying her first house at an auction and toting it home on the bus , she was hooked .
Vivien began traveling the world in search of dollhouses and eventually built up a collection of 1500 .
She also published two scholarly works on the subject , and her collection became so well known that Graham helped subsidize an addition to her Oxford home that she transformed into a dollhouse museum .
' 5 Things You Didn't Know About ... ' appears every Friday .
Read the previous installments here .
Stupefied
In the very beginning , when you hear the different tones juxtaposed one after another , you can hear that there ’s a difference , but articulating the difference or reproducing the tones seems like an impossible task .
It will take some time for the “ stupefication factor ” to wear off to the point that you ’re actually willing to try to pronounce the different tones .
3 - Second Memory
After prolonged exposure , you can hear the differences between the tones , and can even reproduce them , somewhat .
Memory of tones lasts only about 3 seconds , however , after which if you do n’t hear them again , recalling them is hopeless .
Individual Tone Success
After a lot of hard work and even more exposure , you will be able to produce a given tone in an isolated context when making a deliberate effort .
Congratulations !
This is actually no easy task !
At this stage , however , you will still make TONS of mistakes when actually trying to use words in conversation .
Except for the most common words / phrases ( “ ni hao , ” “ xie xie , ” etc. ) , you can ONLY pronounce isolated syllables correctly , when concentrating .
You still cannot correctly identify the tones in a new word that you hear , though .
Familiar Double Tone Success
Way after your initial double tone success with words like “ xie xie , ” you ’ll start to get the hang of tone combinations in familiar words .
Pronouncing these correctly in conversation is still quite a challenge , however .
You probably still let English sentence intonation affect your tone pronunciation , too .
( See Sinosplice ’s Tone Pair Drills for more help in this area . )
If my own learning experience is at all typical , you will find the order of difficulty of tone combinations to be similar to the following ( easiest to hardest , top to bottom , with combinations of roughly equal difficulty in the same horizontal row ) : 1 - 1 < –easiest 4 - 4 , 2-4 2 -2 , 4 -2 , 1-4 2-3 , 3 -3 , 1 -3 , 2-1 3 - 4 , 3 -1 , 1 - 2 4 -1 , 4 -3 3 - 2 < –hardest
Complete Double Tone Success
After you learn to pronounce all the unique tone combinations for words you know , you will soon be able to apply them readily to less familiar words .
This process gets easier and easier with time .
Multiple Tone Success
Believe it or not , 3 characters in a row can sometimes throw you off even when you ’ve got the “ doubles ” down pretty well .
It takes conscious effort .
If you can do the “ doubles , ” though , then with some work you can do any combination , simply by breaking it down into a series of doubles .
( E.g. a 1 - 3 - 2 combination is like a 1 - 3 overlapping a 3 - 2 . )
By Daniel Emery
Technology reporter
Cormorant became operational in December 2004 A £ 114 m communications system has been withdrawn by the Ministry of Defence from front - line service after failings .
Cormorant provides a digital communications backbone , but only parts were deployed to Afghanistan and they have now been superseded .
Replacing it is Radwin , a £ 300,000 system from Israel designed to work in " severe conditions " .
However , the MoD denied Cormorant was " obsolete " , saying it would " continue to be on standby for use when needed " .
The MoD says it bought Radwin as a quick solution to the current communications problems in Afghanistan and also because it offered advances in technology .
The ministry says it is looking at options for network improvement in Afghanistan , including the proposed Falcon system , a new voice over internet protocol ( VoIP ) system , designed by BAE Systems .
The MoD said comparing Cormorant to Radwin was wrong .
" Cormorant is a tactical system providing a flexible communications network solution ; Radwin is a point - to - point bearer for communications traffic , " an MOD spokeswoman said .
Cormorant first came into service at the end of 2004 in an attempt to standardise the various communication systems that were in service .
However , it was not universally well received , with a number of posts on the unofficial armed forces website , Army Rumour Service , saying it has been " cursed with some of the worst procurement decisions , shoddy workmanship [ and ] non-existent quality control " .
MoD mindset Speaking to the BBC , James Arbuthnot , the Conservative MP who chairs the Commons Defence Select Committee , said that the MoD needed to change its mindset when it came to defence procurement .
" We 've been in Afghanistan for the past eight years and the procurement system is not geared up to accept that we are going to be in Afghanistan for a long time .
" That is one of the key points made in Bernard Gray 's report , " he added .
Bernard Gray , a former journalist , compiled a report into the MoD 's procurement strategy which was due to have been published in July this year , but has now been kept secret until the MoD finishes consultations on a Green Paper on defence strategy that will not be ready until early next year .
" The report points out our failings in procurement and the report needs to be made public , " said Mr Arbuthnot .
" We need to work on the basis that Afghanistan is a long - term commitment and that the MoD should be looking at procurement on that basis , rather than doing everything as an urgent operational requirement . "
Radwin is now in active service in Afghanistan Urgent operational requirements are short - term measures " funded by extra Treasury money to provide fast equipment solutions " .
Tory MP Edward Leigh , chair of the Public Accounts Committee , said he also had concerns .
" This sounds worrying .
We 've made recommendations in the past to avoid things like this happening .
" We may well ask the National Audit Office to look into it and if it is serious they may well make recommendations on how we can avoid something like this happening again , " he said .
Frequency Radwin , which is already in service in Afghanistan , is a radio communications network using microwave links in low frequencies .
Speaking to the BBC , Radwin's Adi Nativ said the system had been bought by the MoD a few months ago .
" The systems were fitted - and operators trained - on to vehicles in the UK which were then deployed to Afghanistan .
" Traditional microwave links only work on line - of - sight , meaning buildings and trees can get in the way .
" Our system works in near line - of - sight and non - line - of - sight , which is one of the advantages of the frequency and mechanisms we use , " he said .
The Radwin sets can send data four times faster than the Cormorant devices .
In a statement , the MoD said : " Buying Radwin means the MoD is providing better communications for our troops on the front line .
" It will deliver a swift and complementary solution to communications requirements in a very challenging environment in a cost - effective way . "
Part of Mr Gray 's report was leaked in the Sunday Times last month .
According to the newspaper , the dossier concluded that the MoD 's acquisition programme was £ 35 bn over budget and five years behind schedule .
The MoD said it was working on the problems detailed in the draft report .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ishikawa Komuro Laboratories are doing some amazing stuff with robots right now .
The video above starts out looking like a clumsy and somewhat failed attempt at dribbling a ping pong ball .
Once it goes into slow motion however , we see the true action .
This robot is dribbling that ball amazingly .
Utilizing 1000 FPS cameras , it readjusts and hits the ball on every bounce .
As the ball drifts out of the reach of the bot , suddenly we are struck with the lifelike motion .
Personification can be a fleeting thing , appearing so strongly as the little bot tries in vain to reach for that ball , then disappearing again an instant later .
If you really want to see some personification worthy of the crab fu challenge , check out their tool manipulation by a multi fingered hand video .
[ via BotJunkie ]
Statistics 202 : Statistical Aspects of Data Mining
For this summer 's Stats 202 page click here .
For the 2007 web page for use in conjunction with the videos on YouTube click here .
Infowars
August 27 , 2009
The video here — covered by Alex Jones on his radio show — simply provides more evidence much of the news is propaganda and nonsense — and the joke is on us .
CNN ’s Charles Jaco makes light of a fake Scud attack during the Gulf War .
Even the foundation - supported FAIR — recipient of grants from the Rockefeller Family fund — reported that the Pentagon is intimately involved in producing the “ news . ”
In February , 2002 , FAIR reported : “ Even if the PSYOPS officers working in the newsroom did not directly influence news reporting , the question remains of whether CNN may have allowed the military to conduct an intelligence - gathering mission against the network itself . ”
The Dutch newspaper Trouw and France ’s Intelligence Newsletter reported in 2000 that several officers from the US Army ’s 4th Psychological Operations ( PSYOPS ) Group at Ft. Bragg worked in the news division at CNN ’s Atlanta headquarters , starting in the final days of the Kosovo War .
[ efoods ]
In the 1980s , officers from the 4th Army PSYOPS group staffed the National Security Council ’s Office of Public Diplomacy ( OPD ) , a shadowy government propaganda agency that planted stories in the U.S. media supporting the Reagan Administration ’s Central America policies , according to FAIR .
“ CNN has always maintained a close relationship with the Pentagon . ”
In fact , the entire corporate media is a subsidiary of the ruling elite , as evidenced by the CIA ’s Operation Mockingbird .
“ Starting in the early days of the Cold War ( late 40’s ) , the CIA began a secret project called Operation Mockingbird , with the intent of buying influence behind the scenes at major media outlets and putting reporters on the CIA payroll , which has proven to be a stunning ongoing success .
The CIA effort to recruit American news organizations and journalists to become spies and disseminators of propaganda , was headed up by Frank Wisner , Allen Dulles , Richard Helms , and Philip Graham ( publisher of The Washington Post ) , ” writes Mary Louise for Prison Planet .
“ Media assets will eventually include ABC , NBC , CBS , Time , Newsweek , Associated Press , United Press International ( UPI ) , Reuters , Hearst Newspapers , Scripps - Howard , Copley News Service , etc. and 400 journalists , who have secretly carried out assignments according to documents on file at CIA headquarters , from intelligence - gathering to serving as go - betweens .
The CIA had infiltrated the nation ’s businesses , media , and universities with tens of thousands of on - call operatives by the 1950’s . ”
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
It ’s no secret that bureaucrats selectively enforce their laws .
There are so many that almost anyone could be accused of “ breaking the law ” on a daily basis .
So when activists are pointing out the violence , unaccountability , or just plain illogical actions of the government , the bureaucrats will search for the normally unenforced “ laws ” that the activists are breaking .
However , judge Burke has been known to simply make up his own rules to expand his oppressive reach .
But just like the selectively enforced written laws , Burke often forgets some of his own rules .
In this video clip , 2 such “ rules ” , which have previously been enforced with arrest or the threat of arrest , are “ broken ” without consequence .
So enjoy this action packed clip of Keene activists performing these dangerous stunts :
– Wearing a hat
– Panning the camera to the audience
How will the world remain safe with people getting away with crimes like these ?
The Vatican is up to its old tricks , investigating US women religious .
Its “ divide and conquer ” technique pits the nuns who conform to male clerical expectations against those who assert their own moral and spiritual agency .
But at the heart of the matter is the power to be “ publicly ” Catholic , something the men have long reserved for themselves .
Now that Catholic women , including nuns , are saying “ this is what Catholic looks like , ” there is trouble in Vatican City and a new day for Catholicism .
Expected outcomes are predictable , and not pretty , as this latest round of intra-Catholic struggle unfolds .
I think Roman Catholic Church officials have gone one step too far this time in their efforts to rein in the very women who make the Church look good in the wake of priest pedophilia crimes and episcopal cover-ups .
They could save a lot of time and money by simply sitting down with some of these women and listening — yes , listening — to their experiences .
I daresay they would come away edified by choices the women have made and inspired to live their own religious commitments with an ounce more integrity .
Three Nuns , or Three Million ; It ’s Not the Point
Two separate but interrelated Vatican investigations are in process this year .
The first is an Apostolic Visitation to assess the “ quality of religious life ” of the roughly 59,000 women in canonical communities in the United States .
Contemplative groups are not part of the exercise .
The original intent was to figure out why the vast majority of the communities have far fewer members than they had in their heyday in the 1960s .
( The median age for members is now over 70 ; only several hundred sisters are in their 30s . )
The concern for numbers is really , as subsequent materials from the investigators have shown , an entrée to looking at the lives , beliefs , and practices of women who strive to live coherently , melding their religious convictions with the needs of the world .
Whether there are three nuns or three million is not the issue .
What has changed ( and the Vatican wishes had n’t ) is the fact that Catholic women , including nuns , think and act on their own without relying on male authorities to tell them how .
A second investigation is underway to look specifically at the Leadership Conference of Women Religious .
LCWR is an association of the heads of the various communities that “ assists its members to collaboratively carry out their service of leadership to further the mission of the Gospel in today ’s world . ”
The Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith initiated this study .
That body is where the current Pope , then Joseph Cardinal Ratzinger , engineered much of the decades - long rightward movement of the Catholic Church .
Now an American , William Cardinal Levada , is at the helm .
He appointed Bishop Leonard P. Blair of Toledo , Ohio , to initiate a “ doctrinal assessment ” of the group .
Of course I would suggest that the women consider a similar assessment of the curia — but that awaits a better day .
Areas of concern are the group ’s views on homosexuality , the ordination of women , and the Vatican declaration Dominus Iesus , which asserts that Jesus is the unique and only road to salvation .
The Cardinal ’s assumption is that American nuns are accepting of same - sex love , supportive of feminist ministry ( including ordination of women ) , and embracing of persons of many and no faiths .
I only hope he is as right about their views as he is wrong about how to evaluate them .
An investigation of this sort is an unusual move against a group that is extremely diverse in its makeup .
The mind boggles at just how one would assess such matters , given that American religious communities whose leadership populates LCWR are very diverse in their views .
With war , economic inequality , ecological concerns , immigration , the well - being of women and dependent children , anti-racism work , and health care ( to name just a few concerns occupying the vast majority of active nuns ) , this narrow agenda of Vatican concern is morally embarrassing .
It appears that the intention of the investigation is to maintain control over women and to preserve the Vatican ’s Catholic view of the world via the hot - button issues that are contested in the Church at large .
Though on Dominus Iesus , I wonder whether most members of LCWR have given it little more than passing notice .
How these men flatter themselves to think that most of us read what they write , especially when it flies in the face of our experience and theological judgment .
Maybe that ’s the problem : they are losing ground and face by the day .
Few people pay them much attention any more .
Perhaps in intimate Vatican circles , officials do not even realize how limited their influence has become .
Other Catholics speak , as in the case of the nuns , often making more sense with their lives than the documents do .
In any case , the Vatican is under pressure from the Catholic religious right to enforce their version of orthodoxy and they appear intent to do so .
I am not a nun , never have been , and have no privileged information .
But , as they say , “ some of my best friends ” are members of communities .
I respect the choices they have made to cast their lots with one another .
I also appreciate the dilemma many face as they seek to maintain fidelity to their God , their sisters , their church , their work , and themselves .
As in any relationship personal or communal , life changes over time .
The trick to a long - term one seems to be that all parties agree to keep growing together , a dynamic the Vatican shows few signs of embracing .
That said , it is a mistake to analyze the nuns ’ problems in a vacuum .
They are part of the shifting power structure that has , for millennia , allowed a few clerical men to define and control the message and organization of Catholicism .
Those days are over .
Women and lay men consider ourselves just as Catholic as the Pope .
I have watched the kyriarchal Catholic Church long enough to know that process and product are deeply interwoven .
In this case , the process of investigating women religious , many of them of retirement age and beyond , is one more effort to solidify the fractured clerical base ; a last - ditch effort to reassert the monarchy ’s will in the face of greatly diminished credibility .
Chances of its success in the long run are slim even if there are some seeming “ victories ” for the right wing .
What pains me this time is to see women pitted against one another , some doing the dirty work of the men who make decisions for them .
I do n’t understand why such women do n’t understand that the same men who will promote them over their progressive sisters can just as easily promote others over them .
It is the power dynamic , not just the people , that is at issue here .
Postmodern Catholicism is a different animal than its pre-Vatican II cousin .
Catholics ( women and men , lay and clerical , secular and religious ) think for themselves , forming new syntheses of faith and solidarity .
Nuns , perhaps more than many other Catholics , took the mandates of Vatican II seriously to rethink and reground their communities in the charisms of their founders , and to develop ways of living out those values in contemporary society .
Their many ways of doing so have given rise to a variety of communities , ranging from very traditional to interreligious groups that serve as models for how the rest of us can live .
This variety is emblematic of the whole Church , which has changed from being “ Catholic ” in the strictly identifiable Roman - focused way , to something closer to the original Greek sense of “ catholic , ” meaning universal , broad , and inclusive .
It is this tension that is at play in the investigations .
The Vatican ’s Congregation for Institutes of Consecrated Life and Societies of Apostolic Life ( at the behest of Franc Cardinal Rode in December 2008 ) initiated the probe into the more than 350 US congregations of women .
Mother Mary Clare Millea , leader of the Apostles of the Sacred Heart of Jesus , carries the awkward title of “ Apostolic Visitator . ”
She was deputized by Rome to lead the four - step process that culminates in her confidential ( the nuns will not see it ) report to headquarters .
The initial step of meeting with leaders of the various communities has been followed by the recent publication of an Instrumentum Laboris that details the kinds of issues to be probed in the second phase ; a questionnaire that leaders will be asked to answer for their groups .
Then some groups ( the ones whose answers may diverge from the Vatican ’s norms , we may presume ) will get a personal visit from a Vatican - approved investigator who has signed a loyalty oath to assure orthodoxy .
The results of the whole study will be reported by Mother Millea to the Cardinal .
After that , it is anyone ’s guess .
Oh , and the communities being investigated are asked to provide hospitality for the visitors they have not invited , and if possible , pay for their travel .
Yes , something is radically wrong with this picture .
At first blush , one might be duped into thinking that the Vatican really wants the progressive religious communities to thrive and grow so that their work with migrants and other poor people , their ministries in hospitals and education , their work in parishes and base communities , their courageous efforts to support women who need reproductive health care , their work on farms and in retreat centers might flourish .
Guess again .
The questions on the table include , for example , whether daily mass is a priority for the members and whether they “ participate in the Eucharistic Liturgy according to approved liturgical norms . ”
Read : no feminist liturgies allowed .
The queries include how groups deal with “ sisters who dissent publicly or privately from the authoritative teaching of the Church . ”
That classic “ when did you stop beating your wife ” question is really a warning to keep a short leash on those who might think for themselves .
There are questions about the vows of poverty , chastity , and obedience : what they mean and how they are lived out .
There are questions about finances and care of the elderly , but there is no inquiry into how the sisters love one another and how that love propels their ministry .
There is no concern for how a community supports a nun who does civil disobedience and goes to jail to help stop war or nuclear weapons .
A number of the questions are clearly designed to elicit answers the Vatican knows full well it wo n’t like .
The data will provide the pretext for concluding that the decline in numbers in progressive groups is a result of their lack of obedience and conformity to the men ’s rules .
Solution : tighten up the ranks .
Enter the Council of Major Superiors of Women Religious , the alternative to LCWR ; a group of conservative nuns who are dedicated “ to foster the progress and welfare of religious life in the United States . ”
This group now comprises the Vatican ’s favored daughters , the good girls in veils whose model of religious life conforms to the dictates of Rome .
For the record : the International Union of Superiors General , the highest - ranking such organization , threw its weight behind the American communities , calling their renewal work “ a great gift , not only to the pluralistic society in which they live , but also to the universal Church . ”
Perhaps they envision more such investigations popping up around the globe .
LCWR has its roots in the Vatican - requested Conference of Major Superiors of Women ( CMSW ) in 1956 ( beware the similar names ) .
The women gradually developed their own democratic ways of operating ; their three - stage presidency and their regional approach stood in sharp contrast to the increasingly more verticalist Vatican .
Many of the women had served in Latin America , as per a 1960s Vatican request that each US community send 10 % of their people South .
That experience , both direct and via other community members , served as one form of motivation ( like anti-racism work , the women ’s movements , and other social changes ) for women religious to put less emphasis on conformity to rules and strict obedience and more on communal efforts to love well and do justice as adult moral agents responsible for their own well - being .
By 1971 , the CMSW voted itself a name change to the Leadership Conference of Women Religious with an ambitious agenda to provide education , networking , and other resources to facilitate and amplify the life and work of the communities .
There were women religious who feared that the shifts in name and focus would lead them away from what they considered the “ essentials ” of religious life .
They formed the Consortium Perfectae Caritatis ( CPC ) to support their views .
These include the centrality of the spousal bond ( nuns as “ Brides of Christ ” ) , the three vows understood as narrowly as possible , and strict conformity to top - down community governance .
Their views are now advanced by the Council of Major Superiors of Women Religious ( which it seems the Vatican has in the wings to eclipse LCWR when the doctrinal probe is completed ) .
CMSWR recently published a book of essays , The Foundations of Religious Life : Revisiting the Vision .
Complete with Nihil Obstat and Imprimatur , the five essays read like a blueprint for a 19th - century way of living .
The premise is that a religious community , just as each member of it , is part of a “ hierarchically - structured reality ” in which obedience to higher authority is the norm .
Contra the theologians expressing more egalitarian views of religious life ( notably Sandra Schneiders , IHM , Margaret Farley , RSM , and other highly respected scholars ) , the essay authors reject democratic governance and attention to inclusive process as inappropriate for religious communities .
The devil is in the footnotes , where the conservative authors decry the progressive scholars ’ “ feminist overload and polarization , ” and “ artificial understanding of vows . ”
The point that they miss is that the more progressive nuns are not demanding everyone does it their way .
The conservatives , on the other hand , take the Roman “ my way or the highway ” approach .
Coincidentally , or perhaps not - so , the book was launched at the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception in Washington DC , on the very day ( May 16 , 2009 ) that LCWR opened its impressive exhibit of the history of US women ’s religious communities at a museum in Cincinnati .
“ Women and Spirit : Catholic Sisters in America ” is a carefully researched , well funded , expertly mounted exhibit of the proud and stunning history of American nuns .
The Vatican could save itself a lot of trouble by simply sending its staff to the Cincinnati History Museum where the exhibit is currently on display or to the Women ’s Museum in Dallas , Texas , the Smithsonian in Washington DC , or the Mississippi River Museum in Dubuque , Iowa , where it will travel .
On exhibit , they would see the artifacts and read the stories of amazing women who are every bit as much the public face of American Catholicism as any bishop .
They would learn about everything from the nurses who staffed a Navy medical ship in the Civil War to the sisters who raised seven million dollars and supported their colleagues working in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in the Gulf region .
They would read about the women who established this country ’s largest private school system and built some of its largest health care corporations .
They would have the chance to be inspired by the nine sisters who have been killed in the last two decades in their efforts to bring about peace and justice abroad ; most recently Sister of Notre Dame Dorothy Stang who took a stand in the Amazon that cost her her life .
Without putting too fine a point on it , the research is all done and on the record to show the momentous achievements of American women religious .
Any other investigation is superfluous .
That does not deter the Vatican from its tactic to divide and conquer women in what I predict is a futile effort to consolidate its waning power .
The apostolic visitation will unfold as communities put in writing who they are and what they do .
I anticipate that most will reject any sense of intimidation that might lead to self - censorship .
The chips will fall where they may .
Likewise , I expect that the investigation of LCWR will turn up just what their Summer 2009 meeting in New Orleans shows : namely , that they are about the work of love and justice with a preferential option for those who are in need .
That will clearly not placate the Vatican on same - sex love , women ’s priestly ministry , or whether Buddhism is a road to salvation .
But it will demonstrate once again that Catholic women are not going away .
There is talk of dire consequences if the Vatican is displeased .
Much of it is like the hype around health care ; worst - case scenarios that are the creation of those who oppose change .
My own guess is that the Vatican is not prepared to intervene much , if at all , in the everyday lives of the nuns .
I believe those officials are banking that the fear instilled by its veiled threats ( all puns intended ) will be sufficient to bring the progressive nuns into conformity .
I submit that the progressive women have only to look at their own histories and realize that their ancestors in the orders paved the way for new , creative , communal ways of living their commitments as postmodern Catholics .
Pioneer American nuns of three centuries ago made their way from Europe through dangerous seas ; they headed West in covered wagons to found institutions that would serve the needs of poor and marginalized people .
Surely their heirs , this generation of nuns , has the wherewithal to care for their elderly , act as responsible stewards of their resources , carry out their ministries , and explain firmly but collegially to the Roman men that they are an integral part of what American Catholicism looks like .
That will be their legacy , enhanced by finding common cause with all of their sisters .
Note : Image is from “ Women & Spirit : Catholic Sisters in America , ” a traveling American history exhibit opening May 16 at the Cincinnati Museum Center , documenting the sisters ’ contributions to shaping America ’s health care , educational and social justice institutions .
Sr. Hilary Ross ( pictured ) was an outstanding scientist and award - winning medical photographer who authored over 40 scientific papers on the biochemistry of leprosy .
( Photo courtesy Daughters of Charity . )
Statement from President Obama :
Michelle and I were heartbroken to learn this morning of the death of our dear friend , Senator Ted Kennedy .
For five decades , virtually every major piece of legislation to advance the civil rights , health and economic well being of the American people bore his name and resulted from his efforts .
I valued his wise counsel in the Senate , where , regardless of the swirl of events , he always had time for a new colleague .
I cherished his confidence and momentous support in my race for the Presidency .
And even as he waged a valiant struggle with a mortal illness , I ’ve profited as President from his encouragement and wisdom .
An important chapter in our history has come to an end .
Our country has lost a great leader , who picked up the torch of his fallen brothers and became the greatest United States Senator of our time .
And the Kennedy family has lost their patriarch , a tower of strength and support through good times and bad .
Our hearts and prayers go out to them today –to his wonderful wife , Vicki , his children Ted Jr. , Patrick and Kara , his grandchildren and his extended family .
According to the latest reports , the future iPad Pro 2 from Apple will be significantly improved when it comes to performance .
From what it seems , it will be running on an updated version of the A10 CPU that is included in the iPhone 7 .
Rumor has it that the fusion processor will be called A10X and it will rely on a 10 mm process node .
Most likely , this will compensate for the device not having an OLED screen .
This technology is apparently saved up for the lineup that will be released next year .
Stepping up the performance
The A10X chip will be using both high - and low - power cores in order to yield greater efficiency .
The high - power ones will be used in heavy usage circumstances , while the low - power ones will be used for less intensive tasks , thus saving battery life .
There is also a benchmark result that leaked online which confirmed that the new chipset will bring better performance .
The result , found on Geekbench , shows that the new product obtained 4,236 and 6.588 when running single core and multi-core tests .
As you can see , this is indeed an improvement from the A10 chip ( 16 nm based ) that had scored 3,490 and 5,580 .
Competition
Of course , Apple has always shown that they are willing to outdo themselves , but it seems that this time the company wants to rival the Snapdragon 835 made by Qualcomm .
The latter is doing a great job inside the Samsung Galaxy S8 model , and precisely for this reason people think that the A10X will equal that in the iPad Pro 2 .
Another thing that will make people like the iPad Pro 2 is the fact that it will supposedly be able to be connected directly to a Mac Pro , in a way similar to the Cintiq device .
Senator John McCain ( R – AZ ) , the candidate who competed with President Barack Obama in last year ’s election , today jumped on board the president ’s strategy of seemingly endless escalation in Afghanistan , calling for even more troops to be sent to the nation while part of a Congressional delegation to Helmand Province .
During last year ’s campaign , McCain attacked Obama ’s escalation strategy as “ naive ” and “ premature , ” and advocated a policy of increased US control over the international forces and civilian aid , while expressing concern that President Obama ’s strategy would mean failure in Iraq .
Of course , President Obama ’s Iraq strategy has morphed dramatically since the campaign , when he promised to pull all troops out within 16 months .
At this point , his policy of maintaining troop levels seems very similar to the plan he attacked Sen. McCain for at the time .
So the 2008 election season has come full circle , and the most hawkish position on Iraq and the most hawkish position on Afghanistan are now official policy , and Senator McCain hopes that further escalation will lead to “ significantly more success ” in Afghanistan .
Considering the disastrous state of the war and its worsening situation by the month , it seems hard to imagine that both major party candidates have reached the identical failed position , but that is indeed the case .
PacRim Coal ’s plan to strip mine coal right through 11 miles of salmon - bearing streams in Alaska would destroy critical wetlands and headwater streams beyond the point of restoration , according to three new studies by scientists .
The salmon fisheries along the Chuit River would be severely damaged , so much so that the researchers say that restoration would be “ virtually impossible ” .
“ There is no scientific evidence that wetlands or streams can be put back together to be living , healthy ecosystems after the kind of mining impacts described in the PacRim reports .
The science just is n’t there .
Experimentation should not be confused with sound , science - based knowledge . ” – Dr. Margaret Palmer
[ social_buttons ]
The mining proposal by PacRim is in the advanced stages of permitting , and if it goes forward , it will be the first strip mining operation to excavate directly through salmon spawning habitat , setting an alarming precedent .
Virtually all of the coal produced there would be shipped to the Pacific Rim ( China and other countries ) .
According to the reports :
It ’s Not Possible : Restoring streams following mining operations is not possible .
The company ’s reclamation plan is based on creating a new stream that replicates the physical appearance of the original , but there is no evidence that restoring the shape of a channel will bring back the salmon runs or other essential biological functions .
Past attempts at stream restoration projects involving channel modifications ( with much less damage ) have been unsuccessful .
: Restoring streams following mining operations is not possible .
The company ’s reclamation plan is based on creating a new stream that replicates the physical appearance of the original , but there is no evidence that restoring the shape of a channel will bring back the salmon runs or other essential biological functions .
Past attempts at stream restoration projects involving channel modifications ( with much less damage ) have been unsuccessful .
No Successful Examples :
An extensive search of scientific literature , and discussions with stream restoration and in - stream flow experts did not yield a single documented example of strip - mined salmon habitat being successfully restored .
: An extensive search of scientific literature , and discussions with stream restoration and in - stream flow experts did not yield a single documented example of strip - mined salmon habitat being successfully restored .
PacRim ’s Studies are Inadequate :
The studies done by PacRim of the surface and groundwater are inadequate to determine impacts from strip - mining and groundwater pumping associated with mining or for restoring essential groundwater flow .
: The studies done by PacRim of the surface and groundwater are inadequate to determine impacts from strip - mining and groundwater pumping associated with mining or for restoring essential groundwater flow .
Not Enough Data on Food Web :
There are no data on the Chuit River ’s food webs , including type of prey , where the prey comes from , and when and where they are important .
There have been no studies on marine nutrients from salmon runs , wetlands , riparian corridors , or headwater streams in supporting the food webs , or how aquatic productivity will be affected by damage from mining .
: There are no data on the Chuit River ’s food webs , including type of prey , where the prey comes from , and when and where they are important .
There have been no studies on marine nutrients from salmon runs , wetlands , riparian corridors , or headwater streams in supporting the food webs , or how aquatic productivity will be affected by damage from mining .
Insufficient Data on Salmon : Salmon populations fluctuate dramatically over decades - long cycles , and the few years of data collected is not sufficient to determine the natural ranges in salmon populations that would be affected by the Chuitna coal strip mine .
“ Impacts from mining coal from the wetlands and forests above the Chuitna River will cause destruction of over 4,000 acres of wetlands and is highly likely to permanently change the ecosystem of the area and the productivity of the Chuitna River . ” – Palmer
Opposition to the plan comes from local property owners and commercial fishermen , who say that the contamination of the Chuit River ( one of America ’s most endangered rivers ) would ruin traditional fishing grounds and destroy local wildlife habitat and wetlands nearby .
“ The law requires that the mined areas be returned to pre-mining condition after the coal has been extracted , but there is no scientific evidence that a salmon stream mined through in the manner PacRim proposes can ever be restored . ” – Terry Jorgensen , commercial fisherman
For more information on the proposed mine , see Cook Inletkeeper .
Image : Alaskan Dude at Flickr under CC License
By Michael Tanner - July 21 , 2009
In making his case for a government takeover of the US health - care system , President Obama is going far beyond the usual Washington truth - stretching .
Take a look at just a few of the most common claims :
" If you like your current health - care plan , you can keep it . "
Even White House spokesmen have said that Obama 's oft - repeated pledge that you can keep your current insurance is n't meant to be taken literally .
The reality is that millions of Americans - perhaps most Americans - will be forced to change insurance plans .
First , the president supports an individual mandate - a requirement that every American buy health insurance .
And not just any insurance but insurance that includes all the benefits government thinks you should have .
That insurance could be more expensive or include benefits that people do n't want or are morally opposed to , such as abortion services .
And that does n't just affect those without insurance today .
The bills now before Congress say that while you wo n't be immediately forced to switch from your current insurance to a government - specified plan , you 'll have to switch to satisfy the government 's requirements if you lose your current insurance or want to change plans .
Plus , the president supports the creation of a government insurance program that would compete with private insurance .
But because this ultimately would be subsidized by American taxpayers , the government plan could keep its premiums artificially low or offer extra benefit .
In the end , millions of Americans would be forced out of the insurance they have today and into the government plan .
Businesses , in particular , would have every incentive to dump their workers into the public plan .
The actuarial firm the Lewin Group estimates that as many as 118.5 million people , roughly two - thirds of those with insurance today , would be shifted from private to public coverage .
" You will pay less . "
The Congressional Budget Office has made it clear that the reform plans now being debated will increase overall health - care costs , yet President Obama on Friday repeatedly said that his reform would reduce costs and save Americans money .
But no matter how many times he says it , the truth is you will pay more - much more - both in higher taxes and in higher premiums .
The final health - care bill is expected to cost more than $ 1 trillion over the next 10 years .
That means much higher taxes , and not just for the wealthy .
If one totals up all the new taxes in the House Democratic health - reform bill - the income surtax , the penalties on businesses and individuals that fail to buy into the government health plan , as well as other fees and taxes - the cost to US taxpayers will top $ 800 billion .
New York City will face marginal tax rates as high as 57 percent .
At a time of rising unemployment and economic stagnation , that is like throwing an anchor to a drowning man .
In addition , the new insurance regulations expected to be part of the final bill are likely to drive up insurance premiums .
And , if the new government - run plan under - reimburses doctors and hospitals - as Medicare and Medicaid do - providers would be forced to recoup that lost income by shifting their costs to private insurance , driving up premiums .
A study by the Council for Affordable Health Insurance estimates that the president 's proposals could increase premiums by 75 to 95 percent .
" Quality will improve . "
Anyone who thinks a government takeover of the health - care system will improve quality of care has only to look at the health - care programs the government already runs :
The Veterans Administration is overwhelmed with problems , Medicaid is notorious for providing poor quality at a high cost - and Medicare has huge gaps in coverage .
Worse , however , on Friday , Obama endorsed the creation of a government board with the power to dictate how your doctor practices medicine and all but endorsed the rationing prevalent in nationalized health - care systems around the world .
In short , when it comes to claims about the wondrous new world of government - run health care , a bit of skepticism might be in order .
5:04 pm
Center for Biological Diversity
Forest Service Corrects Course , Allows Review of Off - road Vehicle Plan Threatening Wildlife and Watersheds
3:38 pm
Earthjustice
Obama Administration Announces New Effort to Protect Wildlife in National Forests
3:01 pm
Wilderness Society
The Wilderness Society praises momentous speech by Secretary of Agriculture
1:30 pm
Human Rights Watch ( HRW )
False Allegations about Human Rights Watch ’s Latest Gaza Report
1:00 pm
Institute for Public Accuracy ( IPA )
White House Deals With PhRMA
12:37 pm
ACLU
ACLU Files Lawsuit Challenging Latest Effort To Eradicate Equal Opportunity In Missouri
Judge Takes on Mobile Phone Ban If Sex at the Wheel Is Legal , Why Is n't Telephoning ?
A German judge is trying to overturn the law against using a mobile phone while driving .
If shaving , masturbation and having sex while driving are not illegal , he asks , then why is making a call so bad ?
Fascist America : Are We There Yet ?
All through the dark years of the Bush Administration , progressives watched in horror as Constitutional protections vanished , nativist rhetoric ratcheted up , hate speech turned into intimidation and violence , and the president of the United States seized for himself powers only demanded by history 's worst dictators .
With each new outrage , the small handful of us who'd made ourselves experts on right - wing culture and politics would hear once again from worried readers :
Is this it ?
Have we finally become a fascist state ?
Are we there yet ?
And every time this question got asked , people like Chip Berlet and Dave Neiwert and Fred Clarkson and yours truly would look up from our maps like a parent on a long drive , and smile a wan smile of reassurance .
" Wellll ... we 're on a bad road , and if we do n't change course , we could end up there soon enough .
But there 's also still plenty of time and opportunity to turn back .
Watch , but do n't worry .
As bad as this looks : no -- we are not there yet . "
In tracking the mileage on this trip to perdition , many of us relied on the work of historian Robert Paxton , who is probably the world 's pre-eminent scholar on the subject of how countries turn fascist .
In a 1998 paper published in The Journal of Modern History , Paxton argued that the best way to recognize emerging fascist movements is n't by their rhetoric , their politics , or their aesthetics .
Rather , he said , mature democracies turn fascist by a recognizable process , a set of five stages that may be the most important family resemblance that links all the whole motley collection of 20th Century fascisms together .
According to our reading of Paxton 's stages , we were n't there yet .
There were certain signs -- one in particular -- we were keeping an eye out for , and we just were n't seeing it .
And now we are .
In fact , if you know what you 're looking for , it 's suddenly everywhere .
It 's odd that I have n't been asked for quite a while ; but if you asked me today , I 'd tell you that if we 're not there right now , we 've certainly taken that last turn into the parking lot and are now looking for a space .
Either way , our fascist American future now looms very large in the front windshield -- and those of us who value American democracy need to understand how we got here , what 's changing now , and what 's at stake in the very near future if these people are allowed to win -- or even hold their ground .
What is fascism ?
The word has been bandied about by so many people so wrongly for so long that , as Paxton points out , " Everybody is somebody else 's fascist . "
Given that , I always like to start these conversations by revisiting Paxton 's essential definition of the term :
" Fascism is a system of political authority and social order intended to reinforce the unity , energy , and purity of communities in which liberal democracy stands accused of producing division and decline . "
Elsewhere , he refines this further as
" a form of political behavior marked by obsessive preoccupation with community decline , humiliation or victimhood and by compensatory cults of unity , energy and purity , in which a mass - based party of committed nationalist militants , working in uneasy but effective collaboration with traditional elites , abandons democratic liberties and pursues with redemptive violence and without ethical or legal restraints goals of internal cleansing and external expansion . "
.
Jonah Goldberg aside , that 's a basic definition most legitimate scholars in the field can agree on , and the one I 'll be referring to here .
From proto- fascism to the tipping point
According to Paxton , fascism unfolds in five stages .
The first two are pretty solidly behind us -- and the third should be of particular interest to progressives right now .
In the first stage , a rural movement emerges to effect some kind of nationalist renewal ( what Roger Griffin calls " palingenesis " -- a phoenix - like rebirth from the ashes ) .
They come together to restore a broken social order , always drawing on themes of unity , order , and purity .
Reason is rejected in favor of passionate emotion .
The way the organizing story is told varies from country to country ; but it 's always rooted in the promise of restoring lost national pride by resurrecting the culture 's traditional myths and values , and purging society of the toxic influence of the outsiders and intellectuals who are blamed for their current misery .
Fascism only grows in the disturbed soil of a mature democracy in crisis .
Paxton suggests that the Ku Klux Klan , which formed in reaction to post - Civil War Reconstruction , may in fact be the first authentically fascist movement in modern times .
Almost every major country in Europe sprouted a proto - fascist movement in the wretched years following WWI ( when the Klan enjoyed a major resurgence here as well ) -- but most of them stalled either at this first stage , or the next one .
As Rick Perlstein documented in his two books on Barry Goldwater and Richard Nixon , modern American conservatism was built on these same themes .
From " Morning in America " to the Rapture - ready religious right to the white nationalism promoted by the GOP through various gradients of racist groups , it 's easy to trace how American proto - fascism offered redemption from the upheavals of the 1960s by promising to restore the innocence of a traditional , white , Christian , male - dominated America .
This vision has been so thoroughly embraced that the entire Republican party now openly defines itself along these lines .
At this late stage , it 's blatantly racist , sexist , repressed , exclusionary , and permanently addicted to the politics of fear and rage .
Worse : it does n't have a moment 's shame about any of it .
No apologies , to anyone .
These same narrative threads have woven their way through every fascist movement in history .
In the second stage , fascist movements take root , turn into real political parties , and seize their seat at the table of power .
Interestingly , in every case Paxton cites , the political base came from the rural , less - educated parts of the country ; and almost all of them came to power very specifically by offering themselves as informal goon squads organized to intimidate farmworkers on behalf of the large landowners .
The KKK disenfranchised black sharecroppers and set itself up as the enforcement wing of Jim Crow .
The Italian Squadristi and the German Brownshirts made their bones breaking up farmers ' strikes .
And these days , GOP - sanctioned anti-immigrant groups make life hell for Hispanic agricultural workers in the US .
As violence against random Hispanics ( citizens and otherwise ) increases , the right - wing goon squads are getting basic training that , if the pattern holds , they may eventually use to intimidate the rest of us .
Paxton wrote that succeeding at the second stage " depends on certain relatively precise conditions : the weakness of a liberal state , whose inadequacies condemn the nation to disorder , decline , or humiliation ; and political deadlock because the Right , the heir to power but unable to continue to wield it alone , refuses to accept a growing Left as a legitimate governing partner . "
He further noted that Hitler and Mussolini both took power under these same circumstances : " deadlock of constitutional government ( produced in part by the polarization that the fascists abetted ) ; conservative leaders who felt threatened by the loss of their capacity to keep the population under control at a moment of massive popular mobilization ; an advancing Left ; and conservative leaders who refused to work with that Left and who felt unable to continue to govern against the Left without further reinforcement . "
And more ominously : " The most important variables ... are the conservative elites ' willingness to work with the fascists ( along with a reciprocal flexibility on the part of the fascist leaders ) and the depth of the crisis that induces them to cooperate . "
That description sounds eerily like the dire straits our Congressional Republicans find themselves in right now .
Though the GOP has been humiliated , rejected , and reduced to rump status by a series of epic national catastrophes mostly of its own making , its leadership can't even imagine governing cooperatively with the newly mobilized and ascendant Democrats .
Lacking legitimate routes back to power , their last hope is to invest the hardcore remainder of their base with an undeserved legitimacy , recruit them as shock troops , and overthrow American democracy by force .
If they can't win elections or policy fights , they 're more than willing to take it to the streets , and seize power by bullying Americans into silence and complicity .
When that unholy alliance is made , the third stage -- the transition to full - fledged government fascism -- begins .
The third stage : being there
All through the Bush years , progressive right - wing watchers refused to call it " fascism " because , though we kept looking , we never saw clear signs of a deliberate , committed institutional partnership forming between America 's conservative elites and its emerging homegrown brownshirt horde .
We caught tantalizing signs of brief flirtations -- passing political alliances , money passing hands , far - right moonbat talking points flying out of the mouths of " mainstream " conservative leaders .
But it was all circumstantial , and fairly transitory .
The two sides kept a discreet distance from each other , at least in public .
What went on behind closed doors , we could only guess .
They certainly did n't act like a married couple .
Now , the guessing game is over .
We know beyond doubt that the Teabag movement was created out of whole cloth by astroturf groups like Dick Armey 's FreedomWorks and Tim Phillips ' Americans for Prosperity , with massive media help from FOX News .
We see the Birther fracas -- the kind of urban myth - making that should have never made it out of the pages of the National Enquirer -- being openly ratified by Congressional Republicans .
We 've seen Armey 's own professionally - produced field manual that carefully instructs conservative goon squads in the fine art of disrupting the democratic governing process -- and the film of public officials being terrorized and threatened to the point where some of them required armed escorts to leave the building .
We 've seen Republican House Minority Leader John Boehner applauding and promoting a video of the disruptions and looking forward to " a long , hot August for Democrats in Congress . "
This is the sign we were waiting for -- the one that tells us that yes , kids : we are there now .
America 's conservative elites have openly thrown in with the country 's legions of discontented far right thugs .
They have explicitly deputized them and empowered them to act as their enforcement arm on America 's streets , sanctioning the physical harassment and intimidation of workers , liberals , and public officials who wo n't do their political or economic bidding .
This is the catalyzing moment at which honest - to - Hitler fascism begins .
It 's also our very last chance to stop it .
The fail - safe point
According to Paxton , the forging of this third - stage alliance is the make - or - break moment -- and the worst part of it is that by the time you 've arrived at that point , it 's probably too late to stop it .
From here , it escalates , as minor thuggery turns into beatings , killings , and systematic tagging of certain groups for elimination , all directed by people at the very top of the power structure .
After Labor Day , when Democratic senators and representatives go back to Washington , the mobs now being created to harass them will remain to run the same tactics -- escalated and perfected with each new use -- against anyone in town whose color , religion , or politics they do n't like .
In some places , they 're already making notes and taking names .
Where 's the danger line ?
Paxton offers three quick questions that point us straight at it :
1 . Are [ neo- or protofascisms ] becoming rooted as parties that represent major interests and feelings and wield major influence on the political scene ?
2 . Is the economic or constitutional system in a state of blockage apparently insoluble by existing authorities ?
3 . Is a rapid political mobilization threatening to escape the control of traditional elites , to the point where they would be tempted to look for tough helpers in order to stay in charge ?
By my reckoning , we 're three for three .
That 's too close .
Way too close .
The Road Ahead
History tells us that once this alliance catalyzes and makes a successful bid for power , there 's no way off this ride .
As Dave Neiwert wrote in his recent book , The Eliminationists , " if we can only identify fascism in its mature form — the goose - stepping brownshirts , the full - fledged use of violence and intimidation tactics , the mass rallies — then it will be far too late to stop it . "
Paxton ( who presciently warned that " An authentic popular fascism in the United States would be pious and anti-Black " ) agrees that if a corporate / brownshirt alliance gets a toehold -- as ours is now scrambling to do -- it can very quickly rise to power and destroy the last vestiges of democratic government .
Once they start racking up wins , the country will be doomed to take the whole ugly trip through the last two stages , with no turnoffs or pit stops between now and the end .
What awaits us ?
In stage four , as the duo assumes full control of the country , power struggles emerge between the brownshirt - bred party faithful and the institutions of the conservative elites -- church , military , professions , and business .
The character of the regime is determined by who gets the upper hand .
If the party members ( who gained power through street thuggery ) win , an authoritarian police state may well follow .
If the conservatives can get them back under control , a more traditional theocracy , corporatocracy , or military regime can re-emerge over time .
But in neither case will the results resemble the democracy that this alliance overthrew .
Paxton characterizes stage five as " radicalization or entropy . "
Radicalization is likely if the new regime scores a big military victory , which consolidates its power and whets its appetite for expansion and large - scale social engineering .
( See : Germany )
In the absence of a radicalizing event , entropy may set in , as the state gets lost in its own purposes and degenerates into incoherence .
( See : Italy )
It 's so easy right now to look at the melee on the right and discount it as pure political theater of the most absurdly ridiculous kind .
It 's a freaking puppet show .
These people can't be serious .
Sure , they 're angry -- but they 're also a minority , out of power and reduced to throwing tantrums .
Grown - ups need to worry about them about as much as you 'd worry about a furious five - year - old threatening to hold her breath until she turned blue .
Unfortunately , all the noise and bluster actually obscures the danger .
These people are as serious as a lynch mob , and have already taken the first steps toward becoming one .
And they 're going to walk taller and louder and prouder now that their bumbling efforts at civil disobedience are being committed with the full sanction and support of the country 's most powerful people , who are cynically using them in a last - ditch effort to save their own places of profit and prestige .
We 've arrived .
We are now parked on the exact spot where our best experts tell us full - blown fascism is born .
Every day that the conservatives in Congress , the right - wing talking heads , and their noisy minions are allowed to hold up our ability to govern the country is another day we 're slowly creeping across the final line beyond which , history tells us , no country has ever been able to return .
How do we pull back ?
That 's my next post .
Tip o' the hat to Chip Berlet and Steven Martin for their research help and encouragement .
With Sony‘s GamesCom Press Conference only two days away .
Just like we did with our shockingly accurate E3 predictions , we ’ve decided to compile a list of what we ‘ predict ’
Sony will have in store for PlayStation owners .
Sony ’s GamesCom Press Conference is this Tuesday , August 18 in Cologne , Germany .
Here is what we ‘ predict ’
Sony will announce at GamesCom :
PS3 Slim – 120 GB HDD – $ 299
Gran Turismo 5 World Wide Release Date
Heavy Rain Character Reveal – Release Date
PS2 Backwards Compatibility Firmware Info
More Motion Controller Details
New SCE PS3 RPG
Sony Bend PS3 Game – Possibly Syphon Filter
Agent Reveal Trailer
New PSN Service
PSP Go App Store
Starhawk Reveal
Reinvigorated PS Eye Support
Pledging more support for PlayStation Home
That ’s our list .
We certainly do n’t expect them all , but do expect quite a few of them .
What do you predict Sony will reveal ?
Post your predictions below .
Did new - home sales really surge in June ?
No .
But you could get that impression , as articles emphasize that sales were up 11 percent from May , the biggest gain in eight years .
That calculation is based on seasonally adjusted annual rates , which went from a rate of 346,000 in May to 384,000 in June , for the highest rate since November .
A year ago , when there were headlines about how bad sales were , the annual rate for June was 488,000 , which was then the lowest for any month since 1991 .
Somehow a headline that says “ sales fall 21 percent from year - ago levels ” would not sound the same as the headlines that are now running .
In actual sales , the preliminary estimate is that 36,000 homes were sold , up 3,000 from May but down 9,000 from last June .
To put it another way , this was the second - worst June since they began counting new - home sales in 1963 .
It was not quite as bad as June 1982 , when the country was mired in a deep recession and interest rates were sky high .
Then 34,000 new homes were sold .
There are twice as many households in America as there were then , so relative to population this was the worst June ever , by far .
The best that can be said is that there has been a stabilization since the credit crunch eased a bit .
If you qualify for a loan that Fannie or Freddie will buy , rates are low and there may even be a government subsidy if you are a first - time buyer .
But few banks want to make mortgage loans they cannot sell to a government agency .
At the same time , new homes keep getting older .
There are now 128,000 completed new homes available for sale .
That is down from the peak of 199,000 in January 2008 , but it is a larger supply than there ever was before 2006 .
The average age of those “ new ” homes is now 11.8 months , up from 8.4 months a year ago — and that was then a record .
The industry has made little progress in unloading some of its least well - planned “ communities . ”
My Off the Charts column on Saturday reviewed evidence that the recession is about over .
I think it is , but that does not mean that we can expect much growth in the near future .
The greatness of nature has no bounds .
From the smallest grain of sand to the highest mountains , each has a sense of meaning and destination .
Scientists say that mountains were created as a result of the shifts of the earth ’s crust , but I believe that there is some force that knows what it ’s doing and has some plan for all of us .
I envy people who got a chance to see the magnificent beauty of these mountains ( the world ’s tallest ) with their own eyes , but I want to thank every photographer whose photo we are showcasing today for giving us a chance to visit the places they ’ve been and see the wondrous sights they ’ve seen .
The Himalayas are among the youngest mountain ranges on the planet ( about 50 million years old ) , and they are the home of the world ’s highest peaks .
In Nepali , “ himal ” means “ snow - covered mountain ” which in a single word beautifully describes what a traveler sees .
The mountain range stretches across six countries : India , Bhutan , China , Afghanistan , Nepal , and Pakistan .
No matter which of those countries you travel to , you ’re sure to be charmed by the Himalayas forever .
The Himalayas have served as a natural barrier between different cultures for ages , and at the same time they have had a tremendous impact on South Asian teachings and beliefs .
Many Himalayan peaks are sacred in both Hinduism and Buddhism and there are many folk tales about these graceful mountains that are passed on from fathers to sons .
1. Everest
Everest is the highest mountain in the world .
It was named after George Everest , a geographer who studied India in the 19th century .
The mountain is located on the border between Nepal and Tibet , and its height is 29,035.44 feet ( 8,850 meters ) which is like 17 Taipei Towers !
Everest is the sacred dream of all the mountain climbers .
Every year despite all the dangers and high costs , hundreds of people try conquering the mountain .
2. K2
K2 peak , located on the territory of Pakistan , is 28,169 feet ( 8,611 meters ) high and is the second highest mountain in the world .
People also call it the “ Savage Mountain ” since the ascent is very difficult .
The death statistics are terrifying — for every four people who have reached the summit , one has died trying .
3. Kangchenjunga
In the Nepali language “ Kangchenjunga ” means “ The Five Treasures of Snows . ”
That is because the mountain has five peaks which are believed to represent the 5 repositories of God — gold , silver , gems , grain , and holy books .
Elevation of the highest peak is 28,169 feet ( 8,586 meters ) .
4. Lhotse
Lhotse is 27,940 feet ( 8,516 meters ) high and is seen as being in the shadow of Everest .
“ Lhotse ” is literally translated from Tibetan to mean “ South Peak ” .
The south face of the mountain is very steep , so the climbing routes are mainly to the northwest .
5. Makalu
Makalu , also known as “ The Great Black , ” soars 27,762 feet ( 8,462 meters ) high and is the fifth highest mountain in the world .
Made of an impressive mass of red granite , it ’s no wonder it deserved such a name .
Makalu is one of the harder 8000 - meter peaks and is considered to be one of the most difficult mountains to climb in the world .
6. Cho Oyu
Cho Oyu , which means “ Turquoise Goddess ” in Tibetan , is the 6th highest mountain in the world .
Though its height is 26,905 feet ( 8,201 meters ) , the mountain has the highest success rate of all the 8000 - meter peaks .
The quality of its route , the good conditions , and its ease of access make it one of the most popular mountains to climb .
7. Dhaulagiri
Dhaulagiri is a “ white mountain . ”
Its elevation is 26,795 feet ( 8,167 meters ) .
8. Manaslu
The “ Mountain of the Spirit , ” Manaslu , is not one of the better - known mountains in the world , but it ’s one of the most dangerous with the 4th - highest fatality rate of all the 8000 - meter peaks .
The height of the mountain is 26,759 feet ( 8,156 meters ) above sea level .
9. Nanga Parbat
Nanga Parbat , also known as the “ Naked Mountain , ” was one of the deadliest mountains to climb in the first half of the 20th century .
The height of the mountain is 26,660 feet ( 8,126 meters ) and it ’s a truly awesome spectacle .
The south face is the largest in the world , extending over four kilometers above base camp .
10 . Annapurna
Annapurna means the “ Goddess of the Harvests . ”
The mountain ’s height is 26,545 feet ( 8,091 meters ) and its peaks are among the world ’s most dangerous mountains to climb .
11 . Gasherbrum I
“ Beautiful mountain ” Gasherbrum I is 26,509 feet ( 8,080 meters ) high .
It ’s probably the least climbed 8000 - meter peak and has the lowest fatality rate , since most climbers tackling it are experienced .
12 . Broad Peak
Broad Peak is located about 5 miles from K2 and was originally named K3 .
It was later given the name of “ Broad Peak ” since its summit is over 1 mile long .
The mountain is 26,414 feet ( 8,051 meters ) high and comparatively safe , with a death rate of only 7 % .
13 . Gasherbrum II
Gasherbrum II is part of the greater Gasherbrum group of 5 peaks , 2 of which are over 8000 meters .
It is the world ’s 13th highest mountain .
By Himalayan standards it is one of the most remote and arduous to approach .
14 . Shishapangma
Shishapangma is the 14th highest mountain in the world and the lowest of the 8000 meter climbs .
When translated to English , it means “ Crest Above The Grassy Plains ” which sounds so charming .
With a height of 26,289 feet ( 8,013 metes ) , Shishapangma is one of the easiest in it ’s class to climb .
15 . Gyachung Kang
Gyachung Kang is the highest peak between Cho Oyu and Mount Everest .
It ’s 26,089 feet ( 7,952 meters ) high .
Dates ( Khajoor ) are the important part of Ramazan .
Three kinds of dates are taken at the time of iftar and they ... Continue →
The Anglican Covenant may never come to pass .
Or its doctrinal statements may be so unobjectionable , and its enforcement mechanisms so weak , that every church in the communion will hastily sign on .
Or the gay - friendly churches threatened with diminished status may realise that they will always have more opportunities than resources for mission within the communion , and happily agree to run their trains on track number two .
Yet if Rowan Williams succeeds in his misguided effort to establish a single - issue magisterium that determines a church 's influence within the communion , a significant risk remains .
That risk is run not by the Anglican left , which has nothing practical to lose , nor by the Anglican right , whose leaders embarrass less easily than Donald Trump and do n't fear public opprobrium .
Rather , the parties at risk are the Church of England and the office of the Archbishop of Canterbury , which may find themselves at the head of a communion synonymous with the agenda of the American right .
If Americans , Canadians and other gay - friendly churches are deemed insufficiently Anglican , the struggle to determine who speaks for the communion will be waged between the dozy dons and preening peacocks who lead the Church of England , and Episcopal schismatics whose public relations are handled by the folks who operated the Swift Boat Veterans campaign against John Kerry in 2004 .
Early wagering favours the Swifties giving three goals .
The American donors who helped fuel the Anglican schism – Howard Ahmanson , Richard Mellon Scaife , the Coors brewing family – have been losing interest of late thanks to the Episcopal church 's recent string of legal victories and the Anglican Church in North America 's failure to lure away any more than about 3 % of the Episcopal church 's membership .
But awarding the Anglican brand in North America to the schismatics would reverse the trend by handing the American right the opportunity to wrap its agenda in the endorsement of a major mainstream religious organisation .
As we 've seen in inter-communion struggles , American money in the pockets of the right 's figureheads causes words written by Martyn Minns and Chris Sugden to issue from the mouths of high - profile prelates , after which a gullible press transcribes them as the authentic voice of impoverished Christians around the globe .
The loudest and most frequently - quoted voices in the Anglican communion , then , would be stridently anti-gay and anti-Islamic ; supportive of American military adventurism ; against a two - state solution in the Middle East ; in favour of teaching creationism or intelligent design to school children ; sceptical about climate change ; and adamant that homosexuality can be cured .
Nothing about Williams suggests the will or the skill to prevail in a struggle for political ( rather than ecclesial ) supremacy with the Anglican right .
To wit : Williams has remained steadfastly silent as Peter Akinola , the darling of American conservatives , has twice pushed for harshly restrictive anti-gay legislation in Nigeria .
This legislation , which violates the UN's Universal Declaration on Human Rights , has been condemned by every major human rights organisation and the European parliament .
Even the State Department of President George W Bush expressed concern .
But Rowan Williams made not a peep .
Nor has Williams forced from Akinola an accounting of the horrific 2004 massacre of 650 Muslims in Yelwa .
The retributive massacre , documented by Human Rights Watch and reported in a cover story in The Atlantic , was perpetrated by organised militias wearing tags that identified them as members of the Christian Association of Nigeria .
The massacre took place when Akinola was president of the CAN , a position from which his colleagues removed him at their next opportunity .
If the Archbishop gets his covenant , he will no longer be portrayed as the harried peacemaking father of an argumentative clan just trying to get everyone to sit down for dinner .
He and his church will be the most visible symbols of a communion that has traded its good name to the American right and Peter Akinola simply to avoid admitting the possibility that people in loving , committed gay relationships can preach the Gospel and serve the church .
I suspect there will be consequences .
( Mental Floss ) --
How well do you know the authors of your favorite bestselling beach fare ?
We did some digging and came up with a few surprising facts on some of the literary world 's biggest cash cows .
" Da Vinci Code " author Dan Brown is one of several famous writers who 's writing was n't their first career choice .
1. Dan Brown did n't get his start as a writer .
Oh , no .
Before he penned thrillers like " The Da Vinci Code , " Brown worked as a pop singer and songwriter .
His second solo album , " Angels & Demons , " even shared its title with one of his literary juggernauts .
2. Former lawyer and politician John Grisham may not need to practice law now that he 's moved 250 million copies of his books , but he did head to court on one special occasion after his literary success .
In 1996 Grisham returned to the courtroom to represent the family of a railroad brakeman who was killed on the job .
Apparently Grisham still had his chops ; he won the case ( and over $ 650,000 ) for the family .
3. Nora Roberts has been a staple on the New York Times Bestseller List for years , but it was n't easy for her to get her foot in the door .
According to Roberts , who also publishes under the name J.D. Robb , when she was submitting her manuscripts to romance giant Harlequin , the publisher sent her a note rejecting her work because they " already had their American writer . "
4. Bestselling thriller author John Sandford 's work may not be considered high art , but he 's got something a number of his more ambitious literary colleagues would kill for : a Pulitzer Prize .
Sandford , whose real name is John Camp , picked up a Pulitzer for Non-Deadline Feature Writing in 1986 for a series of articles in the Saint Paul Pioneer Press that chronicled a year in the life of a Minnesota farming family .
Mental Floss :
Why 10 celebrities picked their stage names
5. Danielle Steel 's life sounds surprisingly like something from a Danielle Steel novel .
The author has been married five times , and there have been some real winners in the bunch .
According to the San Francisco Chronicle , husband number two was a bank robber who was convicted of raping a woman while he was married to Steel , and the third Mr. Steel was a heroin - addicted burglar .
6 . The late Sidney Sheldon wrote a whole raft of bestsellers even though he did n't start writing novels until after he turned 50 .
Sheldon kept himself pretty busy before his career took off , though , by creating TV hits like " The Patty Duke Show " and " I Dream of Jeannie . "
Sheldon also won an Oscar for Best Original Screenplay for penning " The Bachelor and the Bobby - Soxer . "
7. Having Stephen King as your dad has its perks .
In the late ' 80s , King 's son Owen was just as obsessed with G.I .
Joe as any other boy .
Owen , though , got a little shout - out most of us did n't receive .
When Hasbro introduced the new G.I. Joe Sneak Peek in 1987 , the character 's promotional materials stated that his real name was " Owen S. King , " a gesture that may have stemmed from Owen 's dad helping to create another G.I.
Joe character .
8. Before James Patterson became a bestselling thriller writer , he worked for the advertising firm J. Walter Thompson .
He 's also credited with creating the " Toys R Us Kid " slogan .
Mental Floss : Cheetos Lip Balm and other bizarre brand extensions
9. Jodi Picoult has enjoyed quite a bit of success as a novelist , but she 's also dabbled in comics .
In 2007 , she wrote a five - issue arc for Wonder Woman .
10 . Nicholas Sparks ' works like " The Notebook " fly off of store shelves , but they might not move as quickly as their author .
Sparks not only attended Notre Dame on a track scholarship , he also helped set a still - standing school record in the 4 x 800 m relay .
11 . Thriller author Clive Cussler often writes about searches for underwater shipwrecks , and it's a topic he knows a thing or two about .
Cussler founded the non-profit National Underwater & Marine Agency , and together with his NUMA volunteers has located more than 60 historically significant shipwrecks .
12 . Janet Evanovich 's novels featuring bounty hunter Stephanie Plum have entertained millions of readers , but where did the author get the idea for a female bounty hunter ?
She apparently decided to have a bounty hunter protagonist after watching Robert De Niro play one in Midnight Run .
13 . Tom Clancy is n't just a techno - thriller novelist ; he 's also a part owner of the Baltimore Orioles , for whom he serves as vice chairman of community activities and public affairs .
If only Clancy could crank out wins as easily as he does bestsellers .
14 . Whatever you think about Dean Koontz 's novels , it 's tough to knock his generosity .
Trixie Koontz , the beloved golden retriever in whose name Dean published the book " Life is Good : Lessons in Joyful Living " was originally a service animal .
She came to the Koontz family as gift from Canine Companions for Independence , an organization that trains service dogs , in recognition for Koontz 's donations of over $ 2.5 million to support the group .
Mental Floss : 5 other kinds of sniffing dogs
15 . Harlan Coben 's chapter of Psi Upsilon at Amherst must boast the greatest combined book sales of any frat ever .
Coben 's Myron Bolitar series of detective thrillers has been a bestselling force , and his old fraternity brother Dan Brown knows a thing or two about writing thrillers , too .
For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com
Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC .
All rights reserved .
First off , just to be clear , I ’ve never been a sales person .
I ’ve never even played a sales person on TV .
All the points below have been pulled from startup sales teams that I think work pretty well ( including the team at my marketing software startup ) .
Building Startup Sales Teams
1 . Do n’t hire sales people too early .
In the early days , the founders should be able to sell ( and should be selling ) .
2 . You do n’t need sales people , you need sales .
Do n’t think VP of Sales — think “ Revenue Engineer ” .
( Not the greatest analogy , but just like you wo n’t hire a development “ manager ” as one of the first 5 people in a startup , you should n’t hire a sales “ manager ” either ) .
Do n’t get caught up in fancy titles — focus on dollars in the door .
3 . Do n’t hire several sales people at once .
Your goal is to figure out the “ pattern ” of what kinds of people are best based on what you ’re selling and who you ’re selling it to .
You need some feedback from the system so you can continue to iterate on your hires .
4 . If you ’ve never hired or been around sales people before , be prepared for a bit of a shock to the system .
They ’re not bad people , they ’re just different .
If you 're an introverted geek like me , it 's helpful to remember that your startup needs to sell stuff .
5. Resist the temptation to create complicated compensation plans .
If it requires a spreadsheet to figure out the commission , it ’s too hard .
You ’ll have plenty of time to confuse sales people later — start simple .
6 . Agile methodologies can work in sales as well .
Iterate !
Refine your demo script , your slides , and any other collateral information .
Capture the lessons learned by the best - performing people and spread it to the rest .
7 . Sales people will generall act in mostly rational ( but often surprising ) ways based on incentives .
The rules of the game defines the behavior of the players .
You were warned .
8. ALWAYS connect incentives somehow to ultimate customer happiness .
If you reward just “ deals getting done ” , you ’ll get deals — but at too high a price .
You might get push - back that sales people do n’t control / influence customer happiness , but they do .
They “ pick ” customers , they set expectations , they control the degree of “ convincing ” applied .
9 . Make sure you understand the economics of your business .
Figure out your total COCA ( Cost of Customer Acquisition ) .
This includes sales people , marketing people and marketing campaigns .
Quick example : Lets say you paid a sales person $ 10 k , a marketing person $ 10 k and you spent $ 5 k on Google AdWords ( for a total of $ 25 k ) last month .
If you sold 10 customers last month , your COCA is about $ 2,500 .
Different businesses have different needs in terms of sales vs. marketing spend .
Make sure neither is too far out of whack .
10 .
Your life - time - value ( how much revenue you expect to generate per customer ) should be higher than your COCA .
No , I did not need a degree from MIT to figure that out .
Once your LTV is a multiple of your COCA , you ’re ready to start turning the knob and scaling the business a bit ( hiring more sales people ) .
But , if your LTV is way lower than your COCA , proceed with caution .
If there is no hope for LTV getting higher than COCA , you ’ve got a problem .
Do n’t try to hire additional sales people until the economics sort of make sense .
If the car is pointed towards a brick wall , hitting the accelerator is not a good idea .
11 . Track data maniacally ( even if it ’s just in a spreadsheet ) .
Information you will want includes :
What was sold , who sold it , when , for how much , etc .
This data will be invaluable later as you start to scale .
For example , you should be able to answer the question :
We had 14 customers cancel last month — who sold those customers ?
Is there a pattern ?
In the early days , you likely wo n’t have the volume ( or the time ) to analyze the data — but you should at least capture it for future use .
12 . Your pricing should be in line with your sales structure .
For example , you ca n’t expect to have an outside salesforce ( that meets with customers in person ) if your average deal size is only $ 10,000 .
The math wo n’t work .
13 .
Once you get beyond three or so people , running your sales in a spreadsheet will become painful .
Start looking at CRM systems ( like Salesforce.com ) .
14 . Start watching the shape of your “ funnel ” as early as possible .
How many leads are you getting a month ?
How many turn into opportunities ?
How many of those convert into paying customers ?
Once you understand your funnel , you can slowly start tweaking your system to fix the “ leaks ” .
That ’s all I ’ve got for now .
For those of you that have built early - stage sales teams , what are your ideas and insights ?
The difference between u and me is ... ... u are not cute when you do this .
Really .
Not .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
In a recent video Robert Prechter says the Dollar 's Hit a " Major Bottom " and that a deflationary depression is coming .
According to Prechter , the Elliott Wave pattern in the US dollar confirms we recently hit the fifth wave down .
Next stop is up .
He also notes that sentiment has reached an extreme :
" The Dollar Sentiment Index for the Dollar Index reports just 3 % bulls among traders , an extreme level only five times in the past 20 years , usually near an important low , " Prechter wrote on Aug .
5 . " The last time we saw readings like this was March - July 2008 , just before the dollar soared . "
In other words , the " short the dollar " trade is overly crowded .
I mentioned the wave pattern on July 31 in Ewave Count on the US Dollar Suggests Move Up is Coming .
Here is an updated chart .
US $ Weekly Chart
click on chart for sharper image
Note that bearish sentiment on the dollar is at an all time high even though the dollar index is substantially higher than it was in April and July of 2008 .
That 's bullish for the dollar .
I still show two " ? " on the chart because technically wave 5's can extend .
However , fundamentally and technically I do not expect expect it to extend , at least by much .
Social Safety Nets Mask Deflationary Depression
Prechter is looking for a " major economic depression " .
I think it is clear we are already in one .
The only reason it is not more readily visible is people are living in foreclosed houses unable or unwilling to pay their mortgage , one in nine living in the US is on food stamps , and unemployment insurance has been extended twice .
Congress is now debating extending it a third time .
If Congress does not act 500,000 Will Exhaust Unemployment Benefits by September , 1.5 Million by Year - end .
Although the official unememployment rate is a mere 9.5 % alternative measures show it is over 16 % .
Moreover , an unprecedented 4.4 million workers have been unemployed and looking for work for 26 weeks or longer .
Please see Jobs Contract 19th Straight Month and US Payrolls Less Than Meets The Eye for details about jobs .
In simple terms , more social safety nets are in place now than during the great depression .
Steepest Credit Contraction in Over Five Decades
Given that deflation is a net contraction of money and credit one might ask for proof that such a phenomena is occurring .
Dave Rosenberg put together a series of 5 stunning charts that I mentioned in US Consumer Credit Shows Steepest Contraction in Over 5 Decades .
Here is one of the charts .
Consumer Credit Outstanding
Soaring Money Supply vs. Credit Expansion
Many point to soaring money supply as " proof " of inflation .
That is a misguided theory .
Money sitting in banks as excess reserves because banks are scared to death to lend hardly constitutes " inflation " .
Excess Reserve Balances
click on chart for sharper image
The above chart is proof enough of banks ' unwillingness to lend and / or credit worthy individuals and businesses unwillingness to borrow .
Moreover , the destruction of credit , especially credit marked to market , continues at a huge pace .
In a credit based fiat system , ultimately that is what matters .
Please see Fiat World Mathematical Model for a complete analysis .
Who 's Affected By Credit Contraction ?
A better question is " who 's not affected by the credit contraction ? "
It 's hard to come up with an answer to that .
Yesterday I noted Deflation Hits Porn Industry , Canadian Grocery Stores , Pension Plans , Newspapers , Firefighters , Lawyers , High Tech .
Wage freezes , benefit reductions , and mandatory furloughs are hitting a wide gamut of white collar , blue collar , and no collar industries .
Mr. Practical Is Back In The USA
Mr. Practical , a man of the world , travels freely and lives in a country in which he believes the currency will strengthen against the other world currencies .
I am pleased to report he is now back in the USA .
Mr. Practical writes : " Hello Minyans !
I have moved back to the USA , not because it is the best place to be , although it is a wonderful country .
But because I expect the dollar now to be the strongest currency . "
When asked to expound on his logic Mr. Practical cautions the Deflationary Debt Destruction Must Run Its Course .
Here is the key idea :
Foreclosures , defaults , and delinquencies are being significantly under - reported even now as the government is supporting all of it and as regulatory bodies have allowed banks and other “ investors ” to over - value it .
As debt is destroyed the dollar will strengthen .
I think this will go on until stock prices hit new lows again and the government will abandon all sensibility .
Not until then will be there be a hyper - inflationary event that most are looking for .
It requires lower prices to spur lending to spur inflation .
Hopefully by then my extended vacation in the US will have ended and I will be off to another place .
Bernanke 's Deflation Preventing Scorecard
By Andrew Breitbart - July 6 , 2009
What a shock that Maureen Dowd devoted her New York Times column Sunday to attack Sarah Palin .
It did not so much criticize Alaska 's governor for prematurely stepping down from her official duties as to finish off what sister snipers Katie Couric and Tina Fey began last fall .
The assassination of Sarah Palin - by media .
For those who did n't pay attention , Mrs. Palin 's unexpected stratospheric rise as a national political figure threatened the media 's preordained presidency of Barack Obama .
In light of how the Obama machine took down Hillary Clinton , which unsettled many feminists who believed 2008 was their time , many who saw sexism at play - the destruction of an ascendant Republican female icon was an urgent imperative for the Democratic Party .
In conjunction with the laws of political correctness as perfected by the Democratic Media Complex , it would take prominent women to take down an unlikely and unexpected conservative feminist symbol that threatened to steal away Mrs. Clinton 's votes from the Chosen One .
While the vanquished then - senator from New York conspicuously removed herself from this task - going so far as praising Sen .
John McCain 's running mate as " a very composed and effective debater " - a trio of media partisans , each with a unique skill set , rose to the task of tearing down Sarah Palin .
Misses Dowd , Couric and Fey - Obama 's Angels ( featuring Joy Behar in the role of " Bosley " ) - used a potent mix of mockery , snobbery and vitriol to undermine Mrs. Palin 's feminist bona fides .
They are what my wife calls " pad throwers , " an allusion to the shower room scene in the Stephen King film " Carrie , " in which the popular girls throw sanitary napkins and tampons at the film 's namesake .
Simply put , they are bullies .
And female bullies - " Mean Girls " as Miss Fey 's film calls them - are the cruelest kind .
Primarily motivated by a desire to keep abortion " safe , legal and rare , " female liberals in the media have carte blanche to do and say anything .
But since Mrs. Palin , a mother of five including a boy who was known to have Down syndrome before he was born , is a potent symbol of the pro-life movement , she is considered an enemy of the sisterhood .
Miss Dowd 's attempted takedown of Mrs. Palin is less skillful surgery than it is name calling using fun noun and adjective pairings .
Think " Mad Libs . "
And , that 's exactly what Misses Dowd , Couric and Fey are .
Once the ladies did their job , liberal men like Jon Stewart and David Letterman had the cover to join the hate campaign .
While Mrs. Palin is at ease with her gender , as well as her place in the workplace and at home , Misses Dowd , Couric and Fey convey a base insecurity in their feminine skin .
Their rage is fueled by liberalism 's false feminist dogma and they take it out on a woman who chose not to join their angry sorority .
The governor of Alaska 's compelling narrative - athlete , beauty queen , wife , mother , hunter , successful politician - shows adherents of narrow leftist dogma that , perhaps , women really can have it all .
Most importantly : freedom of thought .
In calling Alaska 's governor " Caribou Barbie , " Miss Dowd used beauty as a weapon to diminish Mrs. Palin 's achievements .
A man would be reprimanded for this , but Miss Dowd is a Pulitzer Prize - winning pad thrower and is licensed for such vindictive pettiness .
" Caribou , " of course , is a stab at Mrs. Palin 's backwater , Red State ways , attacks on which an Upper Westside liberal snob can never get enough .
Miss Dowd goes on to ridicule " Sarah 's country - music melodramas . "
This is her barely veiled attempt to call Mrs. Palin " white trash . "
And this has been the loathsome subtext of all media criticism of the Palins .
They even went after their children .
Mercilessly .
And Mrs. Palin during the Letterman saga finally cried , " Enough ! "
Exposed in the relentless Palin attacks is not just political bias , but unmitigated class bias .
The American mainstream media in its current free - fall is begging for more comeuppance when it continues to berate the values and lifestyles of the folks in flyover country who in simpler times used to be considered valued customers .
While " empathy " and " tolerance " may be liberalism 's highest values , Miss Dowd offers her conservative victims none .
They are caricatured , demeaned and dehumanized .
They are to be mocked and ridiculed to the point where the other students point and laugh .
The MoDo template is so simple and repetitive it could be written into a software program .
Perhaps resigning from her first term in office may hurt Mrs. Palin 's attempts to run for higher office .
Even I , a Palin supporter , now have qualms about her seeking higher office .
But politics is not the most important way to influence our country , and reinforce conservatism 's relevancy in the current global disorder .
Media is .
Sarah Palin may best serve her country by entering the media fray .
In the pursuit of taking her down , Misses Dowd , Couric and Fey have created the person who burns the liberal media prom down .
Hopefully , when she leaves office Mrs. Palin starts to work on her telekinetic powers .
The Alcatraz Hotel in the western city of Kaiserslautern , Germany .
Former German prison turned into hotel offers guests a jailhouse feeling , with a possibility of walking out whenever they like .
Two lawyers bought the former jail in the western German city of Kaiserslautern .
From the cell - like bedrooms , to the hotel bar behind bars , “ Alcatraz ’s ” owners say they ’ve kept the original spirit of the building .
Just like in prison , the hotel bathrooms are n’t separate from the bedrooms .
So what kind of people want to pay around 50 euros , or just over 70 U.S dollars , to sleep next to a toilet bowl ?
Watch the video at the bottom , it ’s really something !
If you like strage places , you must see : Hospital Themed Restaurant in Latvia – Hospirestaurant
We ’ve got an incredibly rare opportunity today to show a never - before - published Blue Devil piece , and witness behind - the - scenes in the development of a comic book .
Gary Cohn , co-creator and co-writer of DC ’s Blue Devil , recently unearthed his original sketched thumbnails for Blue Devil # 1 ( June 1984 ) .
These were thumbnails he drew himself as they plotted the first issue .
Gary was kind enough to send scans of these thumbnails for ONCE UPON A GEEK readers to enjoy !
Thanks Gary !
If you are familiar with Blue Devil # 1 , then you ’ll be able to tell these twelve thumbnails encapsulate nearly the entire story from that issue .
Click the images below to enlarge .
To demonstrate how thumbnails can be used , I ’ve selected a couple sketched pages to compare to the final product .
Below are the third and fourth pages from the first sheet above .
I ’ve also transcribed some of Gary ’s handwriting in the thumbnails .
Below is the same page , but in its final form as drawn by Paris Cullins .
You can see the concepts stay the same , even if the panels and dialogue change .
Here is the thumbnail for the next page .
I LOVE the direction given to the artist to draw a “ Ditko Weird World ” .
This of course is referencing the great artist Steve Ditko , famous for his work on Spider - Man and Doctor Strange .
Below you can see how the final page played out .
Again , the concepts stay the same , even if the panels and dialogue change .
Now you see how rough thumbnails can translate into your favorite comics .
Additionally , we got to examine a never - before - seen crucial step in the creation of Blue Devil .
My sincerest thanks to Gary Cohn for supplying us with scans of these wonderful breakdowns !
For more information from Gary Cohn about Blue Devil , be sure to check out the audio interview he and Dan Mishkin gave to ONCE UPON A GEEK a while back .
Click here to hear that interview .
Welcome to the Wakefield Doctrine ( the theory of clarks , scotts and rogers )
This is the Ten Things of Thankful bloghop .
Created by Lizzi back in the before - time , say twenty - three or four years ago , the TToT is not only an exercise in gratitude , it is a way of encouraging and nurturing perspective .
And , imho , when it comes to becoming all the life - form you potentially are , perspective is a fricken stair - master ( with tiny springs in each step ) with bicycle pedals you can turn with your hands ( heated , of course ) and a full - length computer mirror that does n't merely provide a virtual fitness coach , ( that 's right , no getting bullied by some bro with more hair products than a 1960s beauty pageant nor hearing a scottian female imply that if you do n't want to do what she 's shouting , your entire DNA legacy will be tossed out with the gym socks that have n't been worn ( or washed ) since the end of your senior year ) , and besides , one wrong move or insufficient devotion and the tendons that … Click to Read More
In our exhaustive analysis in the forums we found that all of the mind - blowingly insane webcomics fit neatly into five categories , which we have arranged in order of most innocuous to the very nightmares of the Devil himself .
So hang onto your sanity good and tight as we tour these five circles of webcomic hell , beginning with Level 5 , where we find ...
Not that I 'm criticizing ; I wrote a horror novel about dongs , I 'm not going to throw stones from that glass house .
But man , there is something about webcomics as a medium that really drives people to reach their craziest potential .
A recent study by the New England Journal of Medicine found that 86 percent of all webcomic artists are , quote , " clownshit insane . "
Crazy People with Good Causes
Even the simplest and most banal message can turn into a glorious display of wild - eyed madness when filtered through the spinning kaleidoscope that is the webcomic creator 's mind .
A perfect example is the anti-smoking comic called ...
# 10 . Easy Breather :
" I told you my bulge has no comment ! "
Sure , the 3D - rendered characters in Easy Breather are a little terrifying .
And sure the comic seems a little too obsessed with the " quit smoking " thing , pretty much blaming smoking from everything from rape to the Holocaust ...
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
... but if you read the very first episode , it seems pretty harmless .
It 's an innocent tale of a little girl finding some cigarettes on the beach .
Curiosity gets the best of her , but luckily her wise friend is there to intervene !
Well , that 's pretty common sense stuff .
Now go tell Mom and Dad , kids , so a valuable lesson can be learned !
Aaaaaand they 're naked .
See , this is why webcomics are a thousand times better than newspaper comics .
This is why I think James Vipond , the creator of this comic , is a mad genius .
A character 's mother dies ?
Gee , what would be a nice way to make the dreary mourning scene go down better ?
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The answer is titties .
I assure you , the censorship was added by us .
People make fun of Mr. Vipond , they call him crazy for making a comic where at utterly random times the characters ' clothing vanishes into the ether .
But dammit , 20 years from now that will be a staple of all entertainment .
He 's crazy in the way that Tesla was crazy .
The world just is n't ready for his brand of genius .
We leave you to your work , James , and continue to ...
# 9 . Hathor the Cow Goddess :
From the site :
" Hathor the Cowgoddess ... is a superhero who wants to save humanity through the combination of nurture , sustainability and bonding inherent in the practice of attachment parenting .
Her movement is called the Evolution Revolution , her breasts are her superpower ... "
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Wait , do you mean that her breasts are the source of her superpower ?
Because it does n't make sense to say that the breasts themselves are a ... wait , you know what ?
That actually sort of does make sense .
" ... and her sidekick is her baby , always carried in a sling and prominently ( politically ) suckling at her exposed breast . "
Well , that seems reasonable .
Let 's see her in action !
Aaaand ... POW !
Public nudity .
I stopped and wrote down all of the questions raised by this particular strip .
I wound up filling three spiral - bound notebooks .
Including :
Question # 1 . If she 's part cow , how are all of her children human ?
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Question # 73 .
If the point of being a cow goddess is her superior milking ability , why just the two nipples instead of four ?
Question # 876 .
Is that a nipple on her scalp ?
Her pet cause seems to be that the world will be saved , not just by breast feeding , but by breast feeding
The Periodic Table will be one element longer Discovered 13 years ago , and officially added to the periodic table just weeks ago , element 112 finally has a name .
It will be called " copernicium " , with the symbol Cp , in honour of the astronomer Nicolaus Copernicus .
Copernicus deduced that the planets revolved around the Sun , and finally refuted the belief that the Earth was the centre of the Universe .
The team of scientists who discovered the element chose the name to honour the man who " changed our world view " .
The International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry ( IUPAC ) will officially endorse the new element 's name in six months ' time in order to give the scientific community " time to discuss the suggestion " .
Scientists from the Centre for Heavy Ion Research in Germany , led by Professor Sigurd Hofmann , discovered copernicium in fusion experiments in 1996 .
" After IUPAC officially recognised our discovery , we agreed on proposing the name ( because ) we would like to honour an outstanding scientist , " said Professor Hofmann .
Copernicus was born 1473 in Torun , Poland .
His finding that the planets circle the sun underpins much of modern science .
It was pivotal for the discovery of gravity , and led to the conclusion that the stars are incredibly far away and that the Universe is inconceivably large .
Under IUPAC rules , the team were not allowed to name the element after a living person .
But when asked if , rules aside , he would have liked to have " hofmanium " added to the periodic table , Professor Hofmann told BBC News : " No , I think copernicium sounds much better . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Taking Android phones screenshots from Ubuntu
Note : this guide has been tested with Ubuntu 9.04 , 9.10 and 10.04 .
If you have information for other versions , please add it .
This guide explains how to install the required software and prepare Ubuntu to take screenshots of your phone .
If your device is NOT running Android 4.0 ( Ice Cream Sandwich ) , then there is no way to take screen captures from the device itself , and this is by design , unless you " root " your phone .
The focus of this guide is on getting screenshots from non-rooted devices .
There are two ways to take screenshots on your Android phone :
Using a separate computer running the Davik Debug Monitor ( DDMS ) , which is available in the Android SDK ( for non-rooted devices , described below )
Rooting your device and using an application such as drocap2 .
For more details also see Drocap2 , One Of the Best Screen Capture Apps for Android .
Installing the Android SDK
IMPORTANT : Other guides mention installing Eclipse and Android development plugins , however this is not necessary if you only want to get screenshots from your device ( as opposed to actually develop an application for it ) .
If using Ubuntu 10.04LTS , install the openjdk - 6 - jdk package using the Ubuntu Software Center , Synaptic or command line .
Download the Android SDK for Linux .
The current version as of this writing is Android r06 .
You should have a file named android - sdk_r06 - linux_86.tgz or similar Uncompress the file by right - clicking on the archive file and clicking Extract Here , or use tar - xzvf android - sdk_r06 - linux_ 86.tgz from command line .
Setting up UDEV rules to grant access to your phone .
Ubuntu wo n't allow the DDMS access to the Android phone via USB unless the appropriate udev rule is set .
This is Bug # 316215 .
In order to provide such rule , you need to create a rule file as root .
From Applications >
Accessories >
Terminal : gksudo gedit /etc/udev/rules.d/90-android.rules
Once the text editor comes up , insert the following in that file : SUBSYSTEM==" usb " , ATTRS{idVendor}== " 0bb4 " , MODE = " 0666 " on some recent UDEVs this has changed to BUS== " usb " , SYSFS{idVendor}== " 0bb4 " , OWNER=" MACHINEUSERNAME " , GROUP=" USERGROUP "
where you replace the owner and group with your own .
No idea how to set this up on multiple users , probably multiline
( Note : The vendor id will may be different , depending on specific vendor )
Save the file and run the following command : gksudo service udev restart
Exit the terminal .
If your phone is already connected , you will need to unplug it and plug it again for this to apply .
The above permission effectively grant access to your phone to any other users on the same system .
This is n't a problem unless the system you connect your phone to has other users .
See Bug # 316215 for more details .
Enabling USB debugging mode on your phone
Go to the Settings application , then Applications > Development .
Mark the USB Debugging checkbox :
Connecting the phone via USB
Connect your phone via USB , without mounting the SD card as mass storage .
Only the original cable will work .
Your notification area should look like this :
Starting DDMS for the first time , taking screenshots
Navigate to the directory where you extracted the Android SDK , locate the tools directory Double - click on ddms .
You 'll be asked if you want to share usage information :
After answering to the data - gathering question , DDMS should start and show your device on the left pane :
A dynamic presentation made by Nobel Prize winning chemist , Dr. Kary Mullis sums up a breakthrough new treatment for killer infections in less than five minutes .
Dr. Mullis ’ presentation earned him a standing ovation , as much for the treatment method as for the presentation in which he described the process as being similar to a cop throwing a bag of marijuana into a suspect ’s car to allow them to get them off the street .
[ ad#3_social_compact ]
– Thanks Rokth
We all have secrets we do n't reveal the first time we cross paths with others .
If you and I met at one of our children 's birthday parties or a neighbor 's barbecue , you 'd never guess mine :
As a young woman I fell in love with and married a violent man who beat me regularly and nearly killed me .
I do n't fit most " battered woman " stereotypes .
I have an undergraduate and an MBA degree from Ivy League schools .
I live in a red brick house on a tree - lined street in one of the prettiest neighborhoods in Washington , DC .
I 've got 15 years of experience at Fortune 500 companies and a best - selling book about motherhood to my name .
A smart , loyal husband who has a sexy gap in his front teeth and who puts out food for the stray cats in our alley .
Three rambunctious , well - loved children .
A dog and three cats of our own .
I met my first husband in 1988 when I was 22 .
I had just graduated from Harvard .
I had an exciting job as an editor at Seventeen , my first American Express card , and a funky New York City apartment .
Conor was smart , handsome , , and very troubled — although , of course , I could n't see that at first .
He was nothing if not persistent :
He tracked me down at my job a month after our chance meeting on the New York subway .
My love grew with every fact I unearthed about his : an abusive stepfather , a mother on welfare , and circumstances that forced him to drop out of school in eighth grade .
He had accomplished so much in spite of his nightmarish upbringing — it was touching and admirable to me .
He first attacked me five days before our wedding at Memorial Church in Harvard Yard .
I was so stunned that I wrote it off to pre-wedding jitters .
The ten bruises on my neck healed just in time for me to pose for photos without beige cover-up .
During our four years together , he sometimes encouraged me to reach for my : being a successful writer , getting an MBA , becoming a mother .
Then , at increasingly regular intervals , he pushed me down the stairs , pulled the keys from the car ignition as I drove along the highway , choked me when I screamed during an argument .
He once jammed my head into the floor with his knee so that he could press a gun muzzle against my temple .
For days I had a perfectly circular , red - brown tattoo above my cheekbone .
He threatened to kill me regularly and several times came close to doing so .
He never commented on the bruises he left on my neck and arms and face and rib cage .
He never apologized .
No one else said anything , either .
I hid the bruises and tried to convince others we had a good .
Why did I stay ?
It 's simple .
I could n't wake up one day and not love him , no matter what he'd done the night before .
His was not an inherent , evil part of him .
He 'd been beaten almost since he was born , taught by his parents that violence was linked to .
It took me years to realize that the abusive behavior was Conor 's responsibility , even if it was n't his fault .
Two policemen who came to our apartment following one final , terrifying attack convinced me that the man I loved more than anyone else on earth would kill me one day if I let him .
The choice became simple : him or me .
I 'm here today because I chose me .
For a long time after our marriage ended , I tried to understand how I could have lost myself to a man who was willing to destroy me .
I studied books by domestic abuse experts , puzzled because their theories read like bad TV movie scripts , lacking the complicated emotions and misguided hope I 'd experienced .
I struggled to keep silent during cocktail party debates about why women stay in violent relationships .
I walked away after hearing the smug pronouncements : that abused women are weak and self - destructive , society 's most despicable victims .
That was n't me .
My story was far more confusing than any stereotype .
Part of my problem was that it took too long for me to realize I was indeed a battered wife .
Sure , I came from a good family , had a fine , and had all the benefits of a successful , including enough financial independence to walk out the door at any time .
But none of that made me impervious to the seductive power of hope and love .
I now know that can happen to nearly any woman with a few chinks in her .
Like most humans , I had plenty .
Why does a woman stay with a man who beats her ?
The reality is more complex than our standard explanations , which tend toward the concrete : lack of money and resources , cultural taboos against , children to protect .
I had none of those binds , and yet I stayed with an abusive man for years .
It has taken me over a decade to see how lucky I am that I learned , albeit the hard way , from my mistakes in love .
I did n't stay trapped in a destructive relationship , or repeat a series of destructive relationships , the way some unfortunate women do .
Almost in a karmic way , that final beating changed me forever .
No matter how sorry I felt for my husband , no matter how much I cared , I was finished for good with loving bad boys .
I never wanted to be in a relationship with another man who'd shut down part of his heart or who could n't love me back , no matter what the reason .
I wanted a kind partner with a generous heart .
I had no idea how I 'd find such a man .
I figured it was fine if I took my sweet time sorting that part out .
If I were brave enough the first time I met you , I 'd try to share the strange torture of my crazy love story .
Listening to me , maybe you 'd understand what compelled me to stay for years , and what it finally took to abandon someone I loved — almost more than myself .
Then maybe the next time you met a woman struggling to put a violent relationship behind her , you 'd see past our society 's stereotypes and simply help her on her way .
From Crazy Love by Leslie Morgan Steiner .
Text © 2009 .
Reprinted with permission from St. Martin's Press , LLC .
Morgan Steiner ( www.lesliemorgansteiner.com) is also the editor of the anthology Mommy Wars .
Zensurgelüste wie im Mittelalter Stefan Krempl
Interview mit Wau Holland , Alterspräsident des Chaos Computer Clubs
Herwart Holland - Moritz , besser bekannt als Wau Holland , gründete 1981 zusammen mit Gleichgesinnten den Chaos Computer Club am großen Tisch der Kommune 1 in den Redaktionsräumen der taz in der Berliner Kochstraße .
Berühmt wurde der Club vor allem durch den legendären " Hack " des Bildschirmtext - Angebots der Hamburger Sparkasse im November 1984 .
In den zwanzig Jahren seines Bestehens hat sich der größte Hackerverein Europas einen Namen gemacht als Aufklärer von Sicherheits - und Datenschutzproblemen sowie als Kämpfer für die Meinungsfreiheit in den Datennetzen .
Wau Holland , der die vergangenen anderthalb Jahre in einem Jugendzentrum in Jena Heranwachsende im Umgang mit dem Computer schulte , fungiert als Alterspräsident des CCC .
Stefan Krempl unterhielt sich mit ihm über die Befindlichkeiten der Szene .
Der Chaos Computer Club setzt sich seit zwanzig Jahren für Informationsfreiheit und den ungehinderten Fluss der Bits im Internet ein .
Wie weit ist der Verein bei der Verwirklichung dieses Ziels gekommen ?
Wau Holland : Die internationale Kommunikation per Email funktioniert schon recht weitgehend .
Aber wenn man bedenkt , dass fast Zweidrittel der Menschheit noch nie ein Telefongespräch geführt haben , dann sind wir noch nicht weit gekommen .
Das soll andeuten , dass wir erst am Anfang des Informationszeitalters stehen .
Andererseits nehmen Zensurgelüste teilweise mittelalterliche Formen an .
Auf einer Anhörung im Bundestag wurde ein Antrag diskutiert , die Zensurliste des Bundesjugendministeriums selbst zu zensieren .
Es ging darum , die von der Bundesprüfstelle für jugendgefährdende Schriften auf den Index gesetzten Sachen nicht zu veröffentlichen .
So haben es Fürsten und Päpste im Mittelalter gemacht .
Und das ist für eine Demokratie zumindest unpassend - und im Extremfall tödlich .
Kontrovers diskutiert werden in der Netzgemeinde momentan Gerichtsurteile wie das eines französischen Richters , der Yahoo dazu verpflichtet hat , Surfern seines Landes den Zugang zu Auktionen mit Nazi-Gedenkstücken zu sperren ( Yahoo geht in die Knie ) .
Wie kann man in diesem Bereich für Informationsfreiheit kämpfen , ohne sich mit Neonazis zu identifizieren ?
Wau Holland : Ein konkretes Beispiel vom Hacker - Congress vergangenen Monat : Da waren auf einem FTP - Server Hetzlieder , die zu Mord und Totschlag aufstachelten .
Da wir nicht zensieren , haben wir uns auf die Suche nach dem Congressteilnehmer gemacht , auf dessen Rechner die Stücke abgespeichert waren .
Wir sind also zu ihm hin und haben ihn gefragt , was es damit auf sich habe .
Da war er ganz aufgeregt und wusste nicht , wo das Zeug herkam .
Er hat also die Konfiguration seines vernetzten Rechners korrigiert und die entsprechenden Dateien gelöscht .
Und an dieser Stelle hat er ein selbstverständliches Löschrecht , denn es ist seine Kiste .
Auf dieser Ebene des individuellen Nutzers lassen sich viele Probleme rund um Inhalte im Netz weit effektiver lösen , als wenn staatliche Stellen versuchen , einem etwas vorzuschreiben .
Vor ein paar Jahren hat der Konzern Microsoft auf seinen Webserver geschrieben , dass die Hacker vom Chaos Computer Club Terroristen sind , die alles kaputt machen .
Dagegen haben wir nicht geklagt , sondern gesagt , dass sich die deutsche Bundesregierung in diesem Falle von Terroristen beraten lässt .
So werden bestimmte Behauptungen einfach lachhaft , da wir zu unserer Arbeit stehen und sie vorzeigen können .
Da spielt es dann auch keine Rolle , ob jemand seine Vorwürfe oder Verleumdungen anonym vorgebracht hat oder wir den Verfasser genau kennen .
Mit Klagen und Filtern gegen " unliebsame " Informationen vorzugehen , hat dagegen überhaupt keinen Zweck .
Die Musik - und die Filmindustrie setzt trotzdem auf Verschlüsselungstechnologien und auf Filter , um das Kopieren von Inhalten zu verhindern oder Server mit nicht lizenzierten Dateien zu sperren .
Ein aussichtsloses Unterfangen ?
Wau Holland : Der Computer ist eine Maschine zum Kopieren und Verändern von Bits .
Die DDR war zwar in der Lage , Zeitungen zu zensieren .
Aber es ist ihr nicht gelungen , Computer mit eingebautem Kopierschutz auf den Markt zu bringen .
Das würde schließlich dem Wesen des Rechners zuwiderlaufen .
Frei programmierbare Computer wird es auch weiterhin geben .
Und mit ihnen ist aufgrund des internationalen Wettbewerbs der Hersteller und des Wettbewerbs um freie Ideen zuviel möglich , als dass sich die Inhalteanbieter mit ihren Maßnahmen durchsetzen könnten .
Man muss es auch technisch ganz klar sagen : Kopierschutzverfahren haben keine Chance .
In dem Moment , wo es ein Schloss gibt , gibt es auch eine Möglichkeit , es zu öffnen .
Nur ein Beispiel : Auf dem Congress ist selbst auf einem proprietären Gerät wie der d-box Linux installiert worden .
Das ist dann vielleicht nicht die beste
Plattform , aber man kann damit soviel kopieren und entschlüsseln , wie man mag .
Kopierschutz lässt sich höchstens eine gewisse Zeit lang durchhalten , aber dann nicht mehr .
Große Labels wie BMG oder Sony experimentieren sogar mit CDs , die sich überhaupt nicht mehr kopieren lassen .
Wau Holland : Bereits zu Zeiten der Compact - Kassetten hat die Industrie den Kunden schlechtere Ware als technisch möglich verkauft .
Die Kassetten mit der gekauften Musik waren nicht geschraubt , sondern verschweißt .
Bei Bandverhedderungen hieß es eben : " Du darfst die Kassette nicht aufschrauben und das Band richten , sondern du musst dir die Musik neu kaufen . "
Dieser eingebaute Verschleiß soll jetzt perfektioniert werden durch das Motto : " Du darfst das Musikstück einmal hören , und dann musst du neu dafür zahlen . "
Doch das werden sich die Konsumenten nicht bieten lassen .
Was wird aus den Künstlern , wenn sie über den sinkenden Verkauf von Kopien weniger Einnahmen haben ?
Wau Holland : Die Künstler haben auf jeden Fall mehr Geld im Topf , wenn von ihren Honoraren nicht auch noch Kopierschutztechniken bezahlt werden .
Die Erfindung der Computer werden die Künstler beim besten Willen nicht mehr rückgängig machen können .
Beim Europarat gibt es Bestrebungen , " Hackerwerkzeuge " , die von Systemadministratoren auch zu Prüfzwecken verwendet werden , zu kriminalisieren ( Nur kosmetische Korrekturen beim Cybercrime - Abkommen ) .
Wau Holland :
Es wird immer wieder versucht , Freiheiten zu beschränken .
Wir bemühen uns bei solchen Vorhaben , aufmerksam zu sein und Probleme öffentlich mitzuteilen .
Die Polizeibefugnisse können aber nicht unendlich erweitert werden .
Die Diskussion darüber wird im Netz geführt .
Die Global Internet Liberty Campaign ( Es wird immer wieder versucht , Freiheiten zu beschränken .
Wir bemühen uns bei solchen Vorhaben , aufmerksam zu sein und Probleme öffentlich mitzuteilen .
Die Polizeibefugnisse können aber nicht unendlich erweitert werden .
Die Diskussion darüber wird im Netz geführt .
Die Global Internet Liberty Campaign ( GILC ) , bei der auch deutsche Bürgerrechtsorganisationen Mitglied sind , ist beispielsweise eine wichtige Adresse , um weitere Informationen zu finden .
Die Freiheit lebt von der Initiative ihrer Bürger .
Führt die Hackerszene angesichts zahlreicherer Versuche von Politikern und Richtern , ihre Arbeit zu unterlaufen , ein Rückzugsgefecht ?
Wau Holland :
Wir müssen von vornherein klarer machen , was auf dem Spiel steht .
Wenn ich mir beispielsweise eine " RAF lite " vorstelle , so eine Art gewaltarme Aktionsgruppe , und der passt der Kram nicht , der in Hessen im Zusammenhang mit der Spendenaffäre geschieht .
Da war ja immerhin von offizieller Seite die Rede von einer " brutalst möglichen Aufklärung " , die angeblich mit der " brutalsten Verprügelung " des Ministerpräsidenten beendet wurde .
Da könnte eine gewaltarme Gruppe natürlich auf die Idee kommen : " Na ja , was kostet denn heute ein Mord bei der Russenmafia ?
Den gibt es ja schon unter 110.000 Mark , und ' brutalst verprügeln ' müsste entsprechend billiger sein . "
Dann könnte man eine Sammlung im Internet machen , damit der Roland Koch einmal wirklich brutalst verprügelt wird - natürlich unter Einhaltung aller UN - Anti-Folterauflagen .
Wenn die gewaltarme Gruppe nun dafür
Geld sammelt , ist das schon der Aufruf zu einer strafbaren Handlung ?
Ist bereits dieses Nachdenken , wie ich es jetzt hier tue , ein Aufruf ?
Ist Telepolis dran , weil hier diese Idee - auch wenn nur als Zitat - verbreitet wird ?
Wenn man dieses Fass aufmacht , dann stirbt die Pressefreiheit .
Einen Schatten auf den CCC wirft nach wie vor der mysteriöse
Tod des Berliner Starhackers Tron vor über zwei Jahren .
Gibt es neue Erkenntnisse ?
Wau Holland : Nicht nur in meiner Erinnerung lebt Tron weiter .
Wir kümmern uns nach wie vor um die Aufklärung des Falls .
Auch plausible Verdachtsmomente , die sich im Lauf der Zeit verstärkt haben , verdienen aber momentan keine Veröffentlichung , solange sie nicht hieb - und stichfest sind .
Ich höre immer wieder Sachen , die mich nachdenklich machen .
Aber ich möchte darüber momentan nicht sprechen .
Die Polizei hat die Ermittlungen aber doch längst eingestellt ?
Wau Holland :
Es tut mir ein Stück weit weh , dass die ermittelnden Polizeibeamten in diesem Kontext nicht zu meinen vertrauenswürdigsten Ansprechpartnern gehören .
( Stefan Krempl )
Sex is n’t black or white ( Image : Nils Jorgensen / Rex Features )
“ I AM satisfied with a wild free Nature , ” the psychologist - philosopher William James once wrote to a quarrelsome colleague .
“ You seem to me to cherish and pursue an Italian Garden , where all things are kept in separate compartments , and one must follow straight - ruled walks . ”
I ’ve always admired the way James challenged what he perceived as scientific dogma .
In this case , he raised a conundrum we still wrestle with today .
Science , with its love of classification , seeks to impose a strict order on the world around us .
Yet life on Earth is ( forgive the pun ) by nature tangled , messy …
Would n’t it be cool if search engines were as fast as you could type and actually showed you results as - you - type ?
As I found out this evening with jQuery in one hand and JSON in another , not only is it possible but turns out to be just as cool as I imagined .
Inspired by the realtime - ness of Google Wave , I wanted to build a prototype search engine that did away with a search button and page loads .
Instead , search queries are sent character - by - character to the lightning fast Bing AJAX APIs which returned JSON results easily processed and formatted by Javascript on the page .
The UI experience is driven solely by the browser .
The result is a truly “ live ” search experience which I ’ve cunningly dubbed “ The Real Live Search ” as tribute to the former Microsoft search engine .
I invite everyone to give it a quick whirl , but please bear in mind it ’s only a couple hour ’s work and may bite if prodded the wrong way .
" Special Thanks " are given to Paul Dooley , because his scenes as Patrick Martin were cut and re-cast with Jim Belushi .
Dooley 's scenes are restored for the Director 's cut , and consequently Belushi gets the " Special Thanks " instead .
See more
Alternate Versions
The original colorized copy of the film 's original ending was thought to be lost in a studio fire .
However , as David Geffen did n't find out after the original DVD version was recalled , no such copy had ever existed .
The ending remained lost , until director Frank Oz held a Q&A session during a Jim Henson - themed exhibit at the Museum of The Moving Image in Queens , NY that Warner Bros was in fact would release a restored edition of the film with the original ending for a future Blu - Ray and DVD release .
Warner used re-discovered color negatives and production notes from Oz and the film 's creative team to complete a Director 's Cut with the original ending restored .
The Blu - Ray and DVD were released on October 9th , 2012 , and screened as part of a " Masterworks " screening ( with " Richard III " and " Heaven 's Gate " ) at the 50th New York Film Festival .
Originally subtitled , " The intended Cut " , the name was changed to " The Director 's Cut " , when Oz began to support the release .
See more
In China , hair - pulling is , counter - intuitively to Western conventional wisdom , a male - dominated sport .
This makes Zhang Tingting the Danica Patrick of the strange competition of pulling cars with her hair .
This past week she was the first woman on record to successfully pull six cars over 50 meters with her hair .
It 's the greatest athletic achievement to occur in Beijing .
Ever .
Advertisement
Photo Credit : AFP / AFP / Getty Images
Advertisement
Photo Credit : AFP / AFP / Getty Images
Photo Credit : AFP / AFP / Getty Images
Advertisement
Photo Credit : AFP / AFP / Getty Images
Advertisement
Photo Credit : AFP / AFP / Getty Images
Advertisement
Photo Credit : AFP / AFP / Getty Images
UPDATED MONDAY THROUGH FRIDAY -- Which is more than fair .
" You Are Free To Go " addresses people , places , songs , sayings and anything else with a tenuous contribution to our culture that is no longer necessary .
Thanks , trucker hats , Melissa Rivers , and obsessive use of hand sanitizer -- You Are Free To Go . By contributing writers for The Onion
( CNN ) -- A 20 - year - old Wisconsin man accused of attacking the mayor of Milwaukee with a metal pipe has been arrested , police said Sunday .
Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett , seen in a file photo , was attacked Saturday night , police say .
Mayor Tom Barrett was in stable condition Sunday at a Milwaukee - area hospital after he was attacked the night before at the Wisconsin State Fair in nearby West Allis , police said .
Barrett was leaving the event with his family when he heard a woman crying for help , police said .
When Barrett began calling 911 , the man who had been attacking the woman charged at him and began battering him with a metal pipe , police said .
" He not only risked serious injury but endured serious injury in order to defend somebody who was weaker than their assailant , " Milwaukee Police Chief Edward Flynn told CNN Radio .
Police arrested Anthony Peters in connection with the attack .
Watch the mayor 's brother talk about what happened »
West Allis Police Chief Michael Jungbluth said the attack on the woman stemmed from a domestic situation , when an intoxicated Peters wanted to see his 1 - year - old daughter , and had threatened to shoot himself and others .
CNN 's Chuck Johnston and CNN Radio's Shelby Erdman and Ninette Sosa contributed to this report .
All About Milwaukee • Crime
“ There are no Americans who do n’t have healthcare .
Everybody in this country has access to healthcare . ” — Rep. Virginia Foxx ( R - NC )
Americans have access to a lot of things .
If they have the cash .
But I would n't consider a $ 17,000 medical bill for an asthma attack to be " access " in the traditional sense , unless you believe that we all have " access " to , say , private jets .
In other words , we can all be treated by the greatest doctors and have access to the most cutting edge treatments .
It 'll just bankrupt most of us very quickly and our access will be taken away .
Along with everything we own .
Neocon Kathleen Parker has written an amazing piece of tediously conventional anti-Southern trash in the Washington Post .
Parker blames the dereliction of the GOP — which has become a party with barely noticeable distinctions from its Democratic opponent — on ignorant , right - wing , Bible - thumping rednecks . 
Miss Parker , in her bigoted sketch making modern Southerners look like slaveholder wannabees , refers to a sense of a resurgent Old South and all the attendant pathologies of festering hate and fear . 
Miss Parker hilariously hallucinates with politically correct fantasies that bring forth visuals of the glorious North still fighting the Civil War , still trying to end slavery in the South .
Perhaps she is fantasizing about a contemporary version of Abraham Lincoln , a known racist , when she comments that the Republicans should collectively drive a stake through the heart of Old Dixie . 
According to Parker , her GOP — the GOP that gave us the Security State , the Patriot Act , myriad wars , a militarized police state , a corporatist Wall Street , and the worst budget snafus ever — is the good GOP .
Yet it ’s been co-opted by these roving bands of skeptical Southerners , fighting the mega - socialist state being put forth by Obama and his committed minions .
How dare they !
If only they could all just get along and play the partisan game , we could move forward swimmingly and enjoy our lives under tyranny in unity and peace .
The Left , The Right an ... Llewellyn H. Rockwell Jr Best Price : $ 7.33 Buy New $ 40.00 ( as of 07:55 EST - Details )
As one who has grown up — and lives — in the land of the glorious , triumphant Union , and as one who has traveled extensively throughout the South since the early 1980s , learning about its people and its culture up close and personal , I have witnessed no greater polarization and racism than right here in the North .
In fact , I invite Miss Parker ( born in Florida , living in South Carolina ) to come up here to Detroit if she wants to see hate , fear , and racism — of both the black and white variety .
Or perhaps , to save time , she can take the time to breeze through U.S. census data .
It is well known that the most segregated cities in the U.S. are northern , and in fact , most data shows that they are midwestern industrial cities .
Whether or not you use the 1990 census data or the 2000 data , the cities on the list remain consistent : Detroit , Milwaukee , Cleveland , Chicago , Buffalo , Gary , Newark , Cincinnati , etc .
Yet since a few scattered Southern Republicans oppose the merging of the minds for a Republicrat - Demopublican joint force to subdue liberty once and for all , it must be that hate - racist thing rearing its reptilian head again .
I once considered Parker , who has written some wickedly fantastic social commentary , to be a constructive ally in the war against stupidity and political correctness .
However , something called  9/11  happened that united the Republican party around the neocon party line , drumming up support for total state , total war , and the suppression of individual liberty through the Bush - Cheney faction ’s war on terrorism . 
The you ’re - either - with - us - or - against - us religion that materialized post - 9/11 caused even the tongue - in - cheek conservatives , like Parker , to go bonkers with plastic patriot disease .
Read the rest of the article
The Best of Karen De Coster
Aug. 7 , 2009 -- People who rely on sheer willpower to help them lose weight , stop smoking , or beat other addictions more often than not end up giving in to temptation , and now new research may help explain why .
The study found that people tend to overestimate their ability to resist strong urges , and that those who are most confident about their willpower are most likely to lose it .
Rather than rely on self - control in situations where temptations arise , the best way to stay in control is to avoid those situations altogether , says psychologist and lead researcher Loran Nordgren , PhD , of Northwestern University ’s Kellogg School of Management .
“ The key is simply to avoid any situation where vices and other weaknesses thrive and , most importantly , for individuals to keep a humble view of their willpower , ” he says in a news statement .
Nordgren and colleagues conducted a series of experiments on college students examining their reactions when exposed to temptation .
In one experiment , smokers who most strongly believed they could resist the urge to smoke were twice as likely to light up a cigarette as were smokers who perceived themselves as having low self - control .
In another test , hungry students more accurately predicted their ability to resist a future tempting snack than those who were not hungry , suggesting that the absence of hunger pangs makes people overconfident about their power over food .
The findings , which appear in the upcoming issue of the journal Psychological Science , have implications for anyone trying to overcome addiction , be it to food , alcohol , drugs , sex , or any number of other behaviors , Nordgren notes .
“ We expose ourselves to more temptation than is wise , and subsequently we have millions of people suffering with obesity , addictions , and other unhealthy lifestyles , ” he says .
“ And while our study focused on personal behaviors like smoking and eating , it is easy to apply our findings to a broader context . ”
Weaponizing Apple 's iPod Touch
Security expert converts popular music / movie player and browsing device into a penetration testing , hacking tool
It fits behind a coffee machine , inside a desk drawer , or in your pocket , and it does n't arouse suspicion if you walk into a bank or office tapping away on it -- and that 's why a security expert has turned an iPod Touch into a full - blown hacking tool .
Thomas Wilhelm , associate professor of information system security at Colorado Technical University , showed attendees at last week 's Defcon17 conference in Las Vegas how Apple 's seemingly benign iPod Touch can be converted into a portable and stealthy penetration testing or attack tool .
He outfitted the iPhone cousin with the popular Metasploit software for exploiting vulnerabilities , as well as password - cracking and Web app hacking applications he was able to easily download onto the device .
" Because of its size and ability to connect back to a more robust attack platform , the iPod Touch can go anywhere and get us [ penetration testers ] into areas where we could n't before , " Wilhelm says .
" If I walked into a bank with a laptop , people would be suspicious .
If I were to walk in with something like an iPhone , people would accept it .
I could hack for hours in a bank or coffee shop , and no one would [ suspect ] , " he says .
But like any security tool , this handy and stealthy iPod Touch hacking tool cuts both ways .
" I know [ the iPod Touch ] has been abused , and I know it will be , " he says .
" But network administrators need to know what the potential threats are . "
It 's not the first handheld hacking tool .
Immunity sells the Silica handheld , a PDA look - alike that 's really a mini , hardware - based version of Immunity 's Canvaas pen-testing tool .
And Errata Security last year showed how it sometimes ships iPhones running security tools to its clients ' sites to remotely conduct elements of a penetration test , such as TCP dump and Nmap .
The idea of overnighting an iPhone - based pen-testing tool came mostly out of necessity for Robert Graham , CEO of Errata , and David Maynor , CTO , as a way to efficiently conduct packet sniffing without traveling out of state .
So why the iPod Touch instead of the iPhone ?
Wilhelm says it 's cheaper up - front and does n't come with the phone 's monthly subscription fees .
And it lets the penetration tester or hacker control which network the device connects to , which is not really possible with the iPhone .
" The iPhone is attractive because it includes a camera ... and can be used to record voice , " he says .
" But for me , the iPod Touch makes more sense from a cost perspective and network - control perspective . "
The iPhone Touch can also perform ARP spoofing and force nodes to use it as a gateway .
" The coolest thing with the iPod Touch is that it can tell every computer in the network that it 's the gateway , and that when you talk to Google , you have to go through it , " Wilhelm says .
" Then it captures all of the packets that go across the network . "
Wilhelm says the Unix - compatible iPod Touch did n't require much configuration to become a hacking tool , either .
Once he " jail broke " it , he was able to easily install pen-test apps from Cydia .
" There was very little I had to do to configure it , " he says .
The tool can do most of what a laptop - based pen-test tool can do , he says , although at about only one - tenth of the computing power .
The other drawback is when you plant the iPod Touch on - site , you have to find some way to provide it a power source .
So Wilhelm designed his own camouflaged power setup with parts he purchased at Home Depot .
It 's basically an electric box with an empty faceplate affixed to a wall to hide the iPod , which is plugged into the wall outlet .
Another trade - off is it only works with a wireless connection .
You have to jump onto a WiFi connection either legitimately or via MAC spoofing : " Once you 're on there , you do information - gathering and find out what servers are on the network , do port scans , banner grabbing , and identify potential vulnerabilities , and try to exploit them with Metasploit , " Wilhelm says .
And with the device hidden on - site , you can set up a backdoor and remotely connect to the iPod Touch to perform additional attacks .
" Anything you can do in a real pen-test , you can do on this thing , " Wilhelm says .
" Other people have demonstrated some of this functionality before .
I wanted to present to the world how robust the iPod Touch is as an attack platform , and some of the social engineering vectors that can be used to actually conduct a pen test . "
Wilhelm says that as mainstream portable electronic devices get smaller and more powerful , they could become even more useful -- as well as potentially dangerous if abused .
Have a comment on this story ?
Please click " Discuss " below .
If you 'd like to contact Dark Reading 's editors directly , send us a message .
Kelly Jackson Higgins is the Executive Editor of Dark Reading .
She is an award - winning veteran technology and business journalist with more than two decades of experience in reporting and editing for various publications , including Network Computing , Secure Enterprise ... View Full Bio
The Three - Day Weekend Experiment
For the past year , all government employees in Utah have had a four - day workweek .
The results of the trial run are in , and they look good : the state says it saved $ 1.8 million in electrical bills , eliminating 6,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide , while 82 percent of workers say they like the new scheme .
One possible downside of the new schedule , reports Scientific American , is that it may encourage eating more fast food , as workers put in 10 - hour days to make up for the lost Friday .
( HT : Andrew Sullivan ) [ % comments ]
It will probably take a new revenue approach to make many social network sites profitable
Facebook , MySpace , LinkedIn , Beebo , Plaxo , Orkut , and MSN Spaces are the biggest well known social network spaces .
But what about the 800 other sites scrambling for audiences in the social network space ?
Can they generate $ 1 M in advertising revenue per month , or even per year ?
Will they ever be profitable ?
USA Today says " Social Network Sites Work To Turn Users Into Profits " and summarizes the problem with this quote ;
" Short of striking it rich with online ads or creating a new revenue stream , how can so many sites leverage their vast audiences ?
In many respects , it is the same query that dogged portal companies in the mid-1990s and search engines in the early '90s .
Some were sold .
Some went public .
Some went belly up .
The ongoing challenge is to concoct a potion — be it through banner ads , premium subscriptions or licensing agreements — that no one has perfected .
Facebook , crown jewel of the field , is valued at $ 15 billion but barely turns a profit . "
CPM versus CPC - Big audiences are great but how you monetize them is the key to financial success .
Google and the search companies are able to sell Cost Per Click ( CPC ) ads and command very high rates .
Content sites and social networks do n't have a search term to key off so they charge Cost Per Thousand ( Mil ) or CPM rates .
In some cases it can take 1,000 page views to generate the same revenue as one click on an ad .
A penny for your thoughts ?
I talked to a Facebook App developer at the ReMix conference a few weeks ago .
He told me his app is generating 300 million page views per month .
Wow !
Then I asked what kind of CPM ( Cost Per Thousand ) ad rates he was getting .
He shrugged and said somewhere between $ 0.02 and $ 0.05 per thousand .
That pencils out to between $ 6 K and $ 15 K of advertising revenue per month for those 300 million page views .
How much traffic is needed to generate $ 1 M in ad revenue ?
It all depends on how well you can target your audience and how much you can charge for CPM rates .
But , based on a survey of social network sites let 's assume an average CPM of $ 0.40 .
You would need 2.5 Billion page views per month to earn $ 1 M in ad revenues .
That is 2,500,000,000 page views ... and how many sites can sell out all their page view inventory ?
A New Revenue Model ? -
Google revolutionized the search business by banning display ads sold on a CPM basis , and instead offering text based ads where you only pay when someone clicks on the ad , what we now refer to as CPC .
It will probably take a new revenue approach to make many Social Networks profitable .
From the USA Today story ;
" Facebook 's ambitious plan to reshape advertising — via a new approach to social marketing , called Beacon — was a bust .
The idea was to inform friends whenever a Facebook member purchased something from online retailers .
When consumers protested its invasion of privacy , Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg acknowledged the miscue and promptly apologized .
Even Google , as close to a money mint as anything online , has struggled .
Google has a deal with Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp. to place ads on MySpace , and owns Orkut , which flopped in the USA .
Co-founder Sergey Brin recently admitted the " monetization work we were doing there did n't pan out as well as we had hoped . "
Which new model will work ?
No one knows at this point , but there will be billions of dollars for whoever figures it out .
Beacon was innovative , but privacy concerns killed it .
We are often influenced by what our friends buy , maybe just a slightly different approach will work .
Social recommendations are very powerful .
Back in the early days of the web there were several attempts to consolidate buyers into groups to get better prices .
Could social networks do something similar ?
Businesses and advertisers are anxious to tap into the power of social networks .
The social networks are building huge audiences but can't figure out how to monetize them .
When they learn how to connect effectively the benefits will be amazing for everyone involved .
This is a business problem , not a technology problem .
The answer will be simple and obvious .
In fact , it has probably already been considered and rejected several times .
Someone will come along and put a slightly different twist on it and ... Eureka !!!
Do n't you just love business ?
How do you think this will play out ?
( Image source : istockphoto.com )
Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Chimpanzees are biologically programmed to appreciate pleasant music .
The discovery comes from experiments showing that an infant chimpanzee prefers to listen to consonant music over dissonant music .
That suggests the apes are born with an innate appreciation of pleasant sounds , say scientists in the journal Primates .
Until now , this was thought to be a universal human trait , but the new finding suggests it evolved in the ancestors of humans and modern apes .
Tasuku Sugimoto and Kazuhide Hashiya of Kyushu University in Hakozaki and colleagues in Japan tested how a young captive chimpanzee named Sakura responded to music as she aged from 17 weeks to 23 weeks old .
Sakura had been been abandoned by her mother , forcing members of the staff at Itozu - no - mori Park in Fukuoka where she lived to care for her .
One of the major factors that constitute musical appreciation might not be unique to humans
Japanese researchers outline their discovery in the journal Primates Crucially , she had never been exposed to any form of music before she took part in the trials .
During the experiments , Sakura lay on a bed while a woollen string was attached to her right hand , allowing the infant chimp to pull on the cord at will .
A music player and speakers was then set up around her , playing melodies lasting between 38 and 63 seconds long .
Every time Sakura pulled on the cord , the music would be repeated .
During six trials , conducted one a week for six weeks with each lasting around 20 minutes , the researchers played Sakura a range of tunes .
One was a 38 second minuet from Duette Englischer Meister in F major .
Another , a 38 second minuet from a handwritten sheet of German music composed in 1720 .
These consonant tunes were also adjusted using orchestration software to make them dissonant .
For example , all the Gs in the 38 second Duette Englischer Meister music were altered to G - flat and all the Cs to C - flat , creating 32 dissonant intervals .
In three of the six trials , the researchers first played Sakura the more pleasant consonant music and in the others , they started with the less pleasant sounding dissonant music .
Play it again Across all six sessions , Sakura pulled on the cord to voluntarily listen to the pleasurable music significantly more often than to the dissonant passages .
" Our main surprise was the results being so consistent , " says Hashiya .
" She rapidly learnt the rule of the setup and consistently produced consonant music over dissonant music for longer duration . "
The discovery that an infant chimp , with no prior exposure to music , innately prefers to listen to consonant melodies could have important implications for how an appreciation for music evolved .
" Music is one of the universal human natures beyond cultures , just like language , " says Hashiya .
But it was always thought that it was a uniquely human trait , one present even in babies just a few days old .
" The preference for consonant music over dissonant music in an infant chimpanzee has implications for the debate surrounding human uniqueness in the capacity for music appreciation , " the researchers write in Primates .
Bored by what they 're hearing ?
Experiments have shown that various bird species can differentiate between consonant and dissonant sounds , but they do not actively prefer listening to one over the other .
Other research on cotton - top tamarin monkeys also found no such preference .
But Sakura 's appreciation for consonant melodies " specifically suggests that one of the major factors that constitute musical appreciation might not be unique to humans : instead it might be something that we share with our phylogenetically closest relatives , " say the researchers .
Hashiya explains that it is very difficult to rule out whether young human infants have had prior exposure to music on the radio or in their family 's house before they are tested .
" To figure out the response of Sakura , we have to consider her lack of music experience , which should draw a clear contrast with ordinary human infants .
It supports the view that the preference is independent of cultural experience , " he says .
The researchers hope to study the effect further .
For now they speculate that the chimps ' innate preference for pleasurable melodies may serve some biological function in the wild , perhaps helping them detect other chimps ' voices above other sounds , for example .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
With nearly 30 years of legal experience , our principal attorney , Tracy Teiger , can see things from many different vantage points .
Not all legal problems fit nicely into one little box .
His ability to see the big picture , yet hone in on your problem , is an invaluable asset when exploring options for resolving your case .
Whether resolving a child custody dispute or defending your rights against criminal charges , our goal is to give you the best representation possible for your particular situation .
Tracy Teiger incorporates years of experience as a federal investigator and as a practicing attorney .
His firsthand knowledge of how the “ other side ” works helps him thoroughly investigate and prepare cases for success , whether they end up settling out of court or go before a judge or jury .
One of the primary goals among runners is to run faster .
Whether yearning to spend less time running around the block or striving to be the best age - group runner in the area , most who put one foot in front of the other wish they could be a bit quicker .
Here is a proven program to improve 5 K speed .
More : 3 Ways to Train for Your 5K
Long Run
Every two weeks , increase the length of your long run .
This will extend endurance limits , improve mental concentration at the end of races and enhance your physiological infrastructure .
Long runs improve your cardiovascular plumbing system so that you can better deliver blood to the exercising muscles and withdraw the waste more effectively .
Long run pace should be three to four minutes slower than you can currently run per mile in a 5 K .
Walk breaks should be inserted from the beginning of each long one according to the chart at JeffGalloway.com and in my book 5K / 10 K
Running , which is available from that site .
The Speed Workout
The single component that most improves pace in races , according to my experience , is a weekly speed session .
Most runners choose Tuesday or Wednesday as a speed day .
At the track , start with 4 to 6 x 400 .
Increase the number of 400s every week by two more until , 10 days before the race , the final workout is : 14 x 400 .
Each 400 ( one lap around a track ) should be run eight seconds faster than you want to average per quarter mile in your 5 K race .
For example , if you wanted to run eight minutes per mile , your quarter - mile race pace would need to be two minutes .
The workout pace per lap should in this case be 1 minute , 52 seconds .
Walk for half a lap between the 400s .
Warm Up
Prepare for the faster running with a thorough warm - up .
Walk for two to five minutes at first to get the blood flowing .
Then , run half a mile using more frequent walk breaks than you usually use .
For example , if you usually run three minutes and walk a minute , during the half mile ( two laps around a track ) you should run a minute / walk a minute .
Next , jog very slowly for a lap .
Finally , do four to eight acceleration - gliders ( these are explained in 5K / 10K ) .
Start each with a slow jog for 10 steps , then a faster jog for 10 steps .
Over the next 15 steps , gradually speed up to what you feel is your 5 K race pace and then gradually glide back to a jog over the next 30 to 40 steps .
Gliding is similar to coasting off of momentum gained as you go down a hill and onto the flat .
If you practice this at least once a week , you will learn how to save the running muscles while you are running .
Walk for 30 seconds between each glider , and walk for two to three minutes between the last one and the start of your first 400 - meter repetition .
More : Your Guide to Warm - Ups
Cool Down
After your workout , do n't stop .
Jog slowly , using as many walk breaks as you need for the next 10 minutes , and then walk for three to five minutes .
You 're done !
Injury Risk
Whenever you run faster than you 've been running , there 's an increased risk of injury .
This can be reduced by choosing a realistic goal , warming up even more on days when this is needed , and never pushing through pain , loss of function or swelling in a running body part .
Continuing to run fast when there is damage can increase the time needed for repair .
It is also important to have enough rest after each workout to allow the muscles , tendons and the rest of your body to rebuild stronger .
Most of my runners have improved more quickly on an every - other - day running program than when running more frequently .
More : How to Motivate Yourself to Run
Sign up for your next race .
Additional Information :
When connecting the phone line to the circuit , just connect without bothering where to connect the ' Red wire ' and where to connect the ' Green wire ' .
The voltage and current values measured in your phone line may vary according to the specifications of different service providers in different countries .
In that case , you may sometimes face with a busy line problem ( engaged phone line ) .
But it can be easily overcome .
Here is the theory .
The higher the resistance of R1 , and the lower the resistance of R2 the brighter is the light .
But on the other hand it cause more tendency for busy line .
The R1 , R2 values given here are the best combination worked for my phone line .
It has a voltage of 48 v and a current of 22 mA .
So if your line gets busy after connecting this , first try to replace the resistor R2 with a some what larger value ( say 270 , 330 ohm ) .
This should solve the problem .
If not , try to reduce R1 ( say 3.3 k , 1k ) .
With your dedication you can find the best combination for your phone line .
If you are too lazy to experiment with this , give your fist try with R1=270 ohm and R2 = 1 k ohm .
This will work for sure , but you will loose a little amount of brightness of the light .
The number of LED 's to be connected in series with this is not strictly 12 .
You can even use a single LED .
If you connect a lesser the number of LED 's with this in series ( say 4 , 5 ) , your light wo n't switch off even when you pick up the receiver .
Fine ,
It 's OK and it 's better .
But if you try to increase the number of LED 's beyond 12 you will notice that the brightness of each bulb fades out gradually .
Anyway , upon your interest you can have a go , and see whether you will get fully bright 15 LED 's with your phone line .
All the best for your try .
ABC 's John Stossel is a buffoon of the highest order ... and I believe that 's being generous .
Stossel has long shilled for right wing and corporate interests , and right on cue , he jumps head first into the health care debate and he's not pulling any punches -- Insurance company profits are more important than sick Americans :
" Insurers agreed to abandon some of their most controversial practices , like denying coverage to applicants with pre-existing medical conditions . "
That 's from the first paragraph of today 's New York Times " news " story on health insurance .
Do the Times writers and editors take pride in their economic cluelessness ?
They take it as fact that denying coverage to people with pre-existing conditions is " controversial , " and that abandoning the practice shows " good will . "
In the entire debate over health care reform , I have seen no greater example of why we need a public insurance option ( actually , we need a universal plan ) than Stossel 's blog post .
Doing that may be required by Congress and cheered by the New York Times , but that does n't make it a good thing for America .
It does n't even make it insurance .
It 's welfare .
We can debate whether such welfare is good policy , but let 's discuss it honestly .
Calling welfare " insurance " muddies thinking .
Read on ...
The only mud here lies between Stossel 's ears .
If someone with a pre-existing condition is paying for their insurance policy , it 's not welfare , unless you 're a corporate shill who only cares about company profits and not people .
Health insurance companies need to be returned to non-profit status , for the good of the country .
As some of you may have noticed I havent been updating the site much of late … 🙂
I have a number of your submissions to add to the site , and im sorry for my silence on them , rest assured they will be going up as soon as I get a chance .
For the time being im also going to close accepting submissions as im obviously pretty bad at posting them and I dont want people to invest a lot of hard work only for me to neglect it .
I would love to do more , both with these submissions and with the site in general , and as my schedule and creativity allow I will .
Submitted stories so far :
Journal by Narzane
In The Eyes Of Death by Lisa Conger
Happy Birthday by Michael Sullivan
Home Alone by Narzane
Below are the requirements of the posted stories so that everyone can see why the stories were posted .
Requirements :
An original story of your creation ( that you have not had published elsewhere in return for payment )
Setting : nothing set before the beginning of the Zombie apocalypse
Blood , violence and swearing are all ok .
Word limit is 10,000
Your story can not be published in another paid media ( IE if its in a magazine I cant publish it here )
Please proof , spell and grammar check your submission
Author Biography ( 300 words max )
Website link ( Optional )
Name you wish to have the story accredited to ( Your own or a fake if you like )
Other published material ( Optional – Please provide links if you want me to link to them )
Your own artwork or picture for the post heading ( Optional – a good way to show of your artwork if your that way inclined 🙂
Ill also link the image to where ever you want )
What you get :
A dedicated page or post ( I have n’t figured the best way to post them yet )
A front page post linking to your submission
Side bar link ( Check the base of the side bar for current submissions )
An author Bio ( Include any other published work and I will link to it on Amazon or wherever else it can be found – please include links )
Website link
Email link ( Optional – Please indicate if you want to have your email listed with your name , I will assume you do not unless you state otherwise )
unless you state otherwise )
Exposure to the numerous site visitors here
NOTE ( Legalish stuff )
You will not be paid for your submission .
The work will remain yours and can be removed form the site if requested ( Please allow two weeks for removal ) .
Linking to your story is perfectly acceptable ( And encouraged ) , publishing your story elsewhere is also acceptable , however if you receive payment for publishing your story elsewhere , please let me know as it will have to be removed from the site .
If an image of yours accompanies your story and you have accepted payment to publish it elsewhere , please let me know so that I can remove it .
Thanks !
Only1 Rob
Europe versus America Do Longer Holidays Translate to Greater Productivity ?
For all their extra vacation days as compared with the US , workers in the EU are keeping pace -- or better -- in terms of productivity .
Von Mark Scott
Writers Guild of America members Tom Lennon ( L ) and Robert Garant , cast members on the television show " Reno 911 " , participate in a large strike outside the Fox studio in Los Angeles November 9 , 2007 .
Comedy Central has canceled the mocumentary series after six seasons .
REUTERS / Chris Pizzello
LOS ANGELES ( Hollywood Reporter ) - “ Reno 911 ! ” wo n’t be answering emergency calls anymore .
Comedy Central has canceled the mocumentary series after six seasons .
The news broke the way a lot of news tends to break these says , with a tweet .
“ Reno 911 ! was canceled at 1:30 pm today , ” the show ’s co-creator / star Thomas Lennon wrote on his Twitter feed Thursday afternoon .
“ Wo n’t be wearing the shorts again . ”
The sixth season of “ Reno 911 ! ” wrapped its run July 8 .
The show , a parody of “ Cops ” - type law enforcement documentary shows , ” co-stars Kerri Kenney - Silver , Cedric Yarbrough , Niecy Nash and Robert Ben Garant .
PITTSBURGH 
This can be a quirky city .
It has no discernable street grid in many of its 89 neighborhoods .
The trademark cuisine is sandwiches with French fries as an ingredient .
And the natives speak with a distinct accent and vocabulary , known as Pittsburghese , that is neither Midwest nor East Coast .
The quirkiness can mask some insecurity .
Residents are all too aware that the city continues to shrink  down to about 310,000 people this year from its peak in 1950 , which makes it just the 60th largest city in the country , according to the Census Bureau  and that it still has the same budgetary problems that led it to be placed under state financial control in 2003 .
So it is not surprising that many residents are still piqued by the laughter from White House reporters last month when President Obama ’s press secretary , Robert Gibbs , announced that the leaders of 20 of the world ’s biggest industrial and emerging economies  the Group of 20  would hold a meeting here in September .
“ If the people in Washington were snickering , it ’s because they do n’t understand Pittsburgh and probably have n’t been here , ” said Paul Hennigan , a lifelong resident and the president of Point Park University , one of the many colleges that have helped revitalize the city .
“ If you do n’t know Pittsburgh , you would snicker about an old Rust Belt industrial city down on its luck , not the beautiful , cutting - edge place it is . ”
Now Russia has its own stealth jet bomber .
They promise to have it here already this year and start producing it in series starting 2010 .
They tell that the design of the plane is still kept secret and those sketches are the only clue that people have , but as it is known it would be a decent F - 22 competitor .
Image credits : 1
When I began examining the political affiliation of faculty at the University of Oregon , the lone conservative professor I spoke with cautioned that I would " make a lot of people unhappy . "
Though I mostly brushed off his warning – assuming that academia would be interested in such discourse – I was careful to frame my research for a column for the school newspaper diplomatically .
The University of Oregon ( UO ) , where I study journalism , invested millions annually in a diversity program that explicitly included " political affiliation " as a component .
Yet , out of the 111 registered Oregon voters in the departments of journalism , law , political science , economics , and sociology , there were only two registered Republicans .
A number of conservative students told me they felt Republican ideas were frequently caricatured and rarely presented fairly .
Did the dearth of conservative professors on campus and apparent marginalization of ideas on the right belie the university 's commitment to providing a marketplace of ideas ?
In my column , published in the campus newspaper The Oregon Daily Emerald June 1 , I suggested that such a disparity hurt UO .
I argued that the lifeblood of higher education was subjecting students to diverse viewpoints and the university needed to work on attracting more conservative professors .
I also suggested that students working on right - leaning ideas may have difficulty finding faculty mentors .
I could n't imagine , for instance , that journalism that supported the Iraq war or gun rights would be met with much enthusiasm .
What I did n't realize is that journalism that examined the dominance of liberal ideas on campus would be addressed with hostility .
A professor who confronted me declared that he was " personally offended " by my column .
He railed that his political viewpoints never affected his teaching and suggested that if I wanted a faculty with Republicans I should have attended a university in the South .
" If you like conservatism you can certainly attend the University of Texas and you can walk past the statue of Jefferson Davis everyday on your way to class , " he wrote in an e-mail .
I was shocked by such a comment , which seemed an attempt to link Republicans with racist orthodoxy .
When I wrote back expressing my offense , he neither apologized nor clarified his remarks .
Instead , he reiterated them on the record .
Was such a brazen expression of partisanship representative of the faculty as a whole ?
I decided to speak with him in person in the hope of finding common ground .
He was eager to chat , and after five minutes our dialogue bloomed into a lively discussion .
As we hammered away at the issue , one of his colleagues with whom he shared an office grew visibly agitated .
Then , while I was in mid-sentence , she exploded .
" You think you 're so [ expletive ] cute with your little column , " she told me .
" I read your piece and all you want is attention .
You 're just like Bill O'Reilly .
You just want to get up on your [ expletive ] soapbox and have people look at you . "
From the disgust with which she attacked me , you would have thought I had advocated Nazism .
She quickly grew so emotional that she had to leave the room .
But before she departed , she stood over me and screamed .
" You understand that my column was basically a prophesy , " I shot back .
I had suggested right - leaning ideas were n't welcome on campus and in response the faculty had tied my viewpoints to racism and addressed me with profanity - laced insults .
What 's so remarkable is that I had n't actually advocated Republican ideas or conservative ideas .
In fact , I 'm not a conservative , nor a Republican .
I simply believe in the concept of diversity – a primarily liberal idea – and think that we suffer when we do n't include ideas we find unappealing .
After my article on political diversity was published , I received numerous e-mails from students at other schools who spoke of similar experiences .
As a result of my research and personal experience , I can now say without reservation that the lack of ideological diversity on college campuses is a dangerous threat to free and open discourse in academia .
Sadly , there are few perfect solutions .
One proposal considered by universities is endowing a chair of conservative thought to lure a high - profile conservative scholar to campus .
However , this has the potential to exacerbate partisan tensions by sanctioning an explicitly ideological position .
A more draconian option is to enact a political litmus test and mandate that Republicans fill a certain number of positions , but doing so would exclude many qualified professors and be unfairly discriminatory .
The fact is that political diversity , like many diversity efforts , is something that cannot be created through edict , but only by a concerted effort on the behalf of those in power .
While hiring on the basis of party affiliation is n't the answer to reducing political discrimination , denying that political beliefs influence pedagogy is simply naive .
Faculties in ideological departments should examine the body of work of a candidate to see if it fills a shortcoming .
In a department of journalism or political science , a professor with a right - leaning perspective would not only provide a balance in curriculum , but a potential mentor to conservative students who feel isolated in their beliefs .
At left - leaning universities , such professors should be aggressively pursued .
Above all , deans , provosts , and professors must not allow their aversion to conservative ideas to manifest so contemptuously .
Political disagreement is crucial to vibrant discourse , but not in the form of caricatures , slights , or mockery .
Students should never come under personal attack from faculty members for straying from the party line .
The fact that they do shows how easily political partisanship can corrupt the elements of higher education that should be valued the most .
Dan Lawton is a freelance journalist and journalism student at the University of Oregon .
As England take to the football field tonight against the old foe , Germany , at least the players wo n't have to worry that their partners will be caught dancing drunkenly on bars in high heels , rampaging through the local fashion boutiques or punching nightclub toilet attendants .
The HABs – husbands and boyfriends of the England women 's team – tend to be a more sedate bunch than that .
These devoted fellows , who follow their wives and girlfriends around the globe , will roar from the stands as England contest the final of the Women 's European Championships – the first the national side has played in since 1984 .
The men are a more down - to - earth crowd than their bronzed , big - earringed counterparts from the men's game .
Mark Wilkinson , fiancé of the 27 - year - old Arsenal Ladies and England midfielder , Katie Chapman , said yesterday on the phone from Finland : " It can be hard at times because Katie is often busy training and I am busy at work .
But together we work it out somehow .
In reality we are just a family like any other – we still have to look after the children and get by . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The couple have two sons : Harvey , six , and Riley , one .
" I work during the day and Katie looks after the children then , " said Mr Wilkinson .
" Then when I come home I take over and she goes away to train .
Once she has done her personal training , she goes away to train with her team . "
He added : " There 's nothing extravagant about our family life – no photoshoots , no partying into the early hours .
We do n't need the glamourous things which seem to go with the lifestyle of a footballer 's partner .
I work for EDF Energy during the day and Katie usually has to change her schedule to fit in with mine . "
Despite admitting there is little glamour associated with the women 's game , Mr Wilkinson admitted that his fiancée 's job has given the family the chance to visit places they would not otherwise have seen .
" It is quite a commitment but we try to travel as much as we can to see Katie and support her .
Admittedly , with Katie playing for England , we have had quite a few opportunities to see parts of the world .
" We have been out to France and China before coming here to Helsinki .
We would probably not have been able to enjoy that if Katie were doing a different job . "
It is Riley 's second European championships .
He thanked his employers for allowing him to stay on in Helsinki : " I originally booked some time off but with the side doing so well , I had to call them up and ask if I could stay .
Luckily they were very supportive and agreed that I should be out here to support Katie . "
With that , he had to dash away – the youngest man in the family was crying for his father .
" You know what it 's like , " said dad .
Ms Chapman admits that it is difficult juggling motherhood and her playing career .
" The demands of international football are huge , " she said , " and it 's tough to balance that with being a mum .
" My comeback after childbirth was made a bit easier because when I was pregnant I trained all the way through .
I was still kicking a football when the boy was inside me .
I just followed the same programme the doctor gave me when I was pregnant before , when I played until I was six - and - a - half months preganant . "
She added : " When they [ the children ] are with me I know they are well and they are my biggest fans so it 's great to have them beside me . "
Her England teammate Casey Stoney , 27 , a defender for Chelsea Ladies , said : " It 's an amazing feat to be an international player and a mum – I think Katie has been our best player in the tournament .
Every mum wants their kids around .
It makes them happy and means they are a better player . "
England 's 29 - year - old goalkeeper , Rachel Brown , who works with disadvantaged children in Merseyside , has spoken of the challenges of balancing football with a life away from the game .
" My schoolfriends are married with children – it's what any respectable 29 - year - old female should be ! " she said .
" If I had not got into football , I would probably have progressed as a teacher , earning twice as much as I earn now , settled down and married – but with half the memories . "
If England win tonight , she wo n't care .
The best league in the world is back .
Join
The Independent for an online event , as our panel discusses the most uncertain start to a season in Premier League history .
Click here to find out more and book your free ticket today .
In his book , The Millionaire Next Door , Thomas J. Stanley explains how his research has found that individuals who have attained a high net worth have quite a few things in common .
In particular , they were found to have these 7 basic attributes in common .
According to Stanley , if you can emulate them , you too can become wealthy .
7 Attributes Of High Net Worth Individuals
They live well below their means :
They may make a large income , but they do n’t live like it .
They are , as Stanley says , “ Frugal , Frugal , Frugal ” .
They live in an older house , drive an older car and do n’t spend a lot of money on life ’s luxuries ( often because they do n’t enjoy them ) .
At an interview they did of millionaires , one deca-millionaire when asked if he would like an expensive glass of wine responded that he drinks only two things , scotch and two kinds of beer – Bud and Free .
For those wealthy that were married , they almost always found that the spouses were also frugal .
If one spouse is a hyper - consumer , it is extremely difficult to end up with a high net worth .
They allocate their time , money and energy efficiently in ways conducive to building wealth : Wealth accumulators spend more of their time in doing things that are conducive to creating wealth – budgeting , planning and setting goals for their future .
They work hard towards their goals , and are more likely to be spending time planning their goals .
Those who are high income earners but that do not have a high net worth do not spend as much time in these activities .
In fact they found that PAWs ( prodigious accumulators of wealth ) spent almost twice as much time every month in planning their investments as did UAWs ( underachieving accumulators of wealth ) .
They believe that financial independence is more important than displaying high social status :
They do n’t care about living in the right neighborhood , having a big house , driving the newest cars or shopping at the trendiest stores .
These high net worth individuals care more about providing for their own financial independence and work towards that goal .
Their parents did not provide economic outpatient care :
The parents of these high net worth individuals did not subsidize their lifestyle , or give them a bunch of money .
They made their own way , working hard and succeeding on their own terms .
Children who receive economic outpatient care ( EOC ) often are stripped of their motivation to work hard and achieve , and as a result often do not become PAWs .
Their adult children are economically self sufficient :
The children of high net worth individuals have been taught how to live a frugal lifestyle , how to accumulate wealth , and often have been taught how to succeed on their own without help from their parents .
Because they do n’t receive EOC , and in general are self - sufficient , it allows their parents to accumulate more and be better off later on .
They are proficient in targeting market opportunities :
The high net worth are good at seeing opportunities and taking advantage of them .
They are n’t immune to the fear of failing that all of us have at times , but they overcome their fear and act upon good opportunities when they see them .
They chose the right occupation :
Those who have a high net worth almost always are doing something that they enjoy – and they work hard at their chosen career .
Just because you ’re not an entrepreneur or a business owner does n’t mean you ca n’t be wealthy .
You just have to choose a career that will provide a reasonably decent income , and live in a way that is conducive to building wealth .
Find a career that you enjoy , work hard at it , and live frugally – and you can build a large net worth .
These 7 attributes of high net worth individuals really expose the framework for living a life based on sound financial principles .
The attributes prove that it is possible to live well on much less than you make , and have plenty left over to save , invest and give .
It can even be done by individuals who do n’t make a lot of money , as long as they are disciplined .
The attributes speak to the power of educating yourself and your children about money , and practicing sound money management through the use of budgets and financial plans .
They show that displaying high social status often means that you wo n’t be financially secure .
( That ’s funny in a way , is n’t it ? ) .
The attributes show how money is a tool to be used , and should not be an end in itself .
Those who understand that are often happier , and in the long run , wealthier .
What do you think of these 7 attributes of high net worth individuals ?
Do you find that they make sense to you , and are you practicing the things that they reveal ?
Are there areas where your values are n’t lining up with those of these high net worth individuals ?
Let us know what you think in the comments !
Several challenges still lie ahead .
First , the economy is showing signs that it may be nearing full resource utilization .
The unemployment rate has dropped below 6 percent and the growth rate of the labor force is slowing to 1 to 1.5 percent , from 2 to 3 percent during the 1970's .
Competition for labor could therefore start an acceleration in pay growth .
Second , capacity utilization rates in nondurable goods industries , such as chemicals and paper , are at record high levels while Government estimates of surplus capacity in the durable goods sector are probably overstated because of factory closings and lower manufacturing investment during the early 1980's .
The sharp appreciation of the dollar exchange rate during Donald Regan 's stewardship as Treasury Secretary severely damaged the competitive position of American industry and caused the growth rate of the country 's manufacturing capital stock to turn negative for the first time since World War II .
It is true that total investment rose , but a large share of the spending was for tax shelter - driven construction of office buildings , shopping centers and hotels that add little to productivity .
If the economy is too close to full resource utilization , further rapid contraction of the trade deficit could start a resurgence of inflation unless there is sufficient slack in domestic spending to offset it .
The risk of resurgent inflation is apparent from examining the supply - side components of economic growth .
Once an economy achieves full resource utilization rate , its potential noninflationary growth rate is equal to labor force expansion plus productivity gains .
By that formula , the economy 's potential noninflationary growth rate appears to be 2.5 percent .
If one assumes that the trade balance must improve at a rate equal to 1.0 percent of G.N.P. during each of the next four years to produce a trade surplus for servicing the country 's large external debt by 1992 , domestic spending will be able to expand at only 1.5 percent annual rate or zero in per-capita terms .
i do n't like all the stuff on screen .... is it a similation or what
you do n't need to know how much you press the break or accelerator while racing , maybe some people would like that feature during replays , useless during the race ...
even more useless to see the speedometer while in driving view , why can't they just increase the simulation by making people use the car 's speedometer
anyway , japanese are good on simulation , but they never go very far with them
This week , the popular hipster music website
came out with their long - awaited " Top 500 Tracks of the 2000s " feature .
I like to keep track of how wretched and ancient I am by calculating how many of the songs I am familiar with -- and by familiar , I mean , I might have overheard the song this decade ( while I was enjoying a toasty lap blanket and eating my vanilla pudding cup down at the senior citizen 's center ) .
So this year I worked up a little calculator to help finish off the sad , smoldering last remnants of my indie cred ; check off the songs you are familiar with , and press ' Calculate ' to find out the awful truth about just how out of touch you are :
NOTE : Did you know newer versions of Firefox have a weird hanging bug when a page has a whole bunch of checkboxes ?
It 's true !
In any case , if this page is driving you nuts , sorry , use Safari / Chrome / IE / Opera / whatever .
Again , sorry .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The top Democrat in the U.S. Senate said Thursday the chamber wo n't vote on a health care reform bill until after the August recess .
Sen . Harry Reid says Congress wo n't meet President Obama 's August deadline .
The announcement by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada goes against President Obama 's stated timetable for the House and Senate to turn out bills by the August break .
In response , a senior administration official said Reid 's announcement does not change Obama 's timetable , with the president still wanting House and Senate votes before the upcoming recess .
" My attitude is I want to get it right , but I also want to get it done promptly , " Obama said .
" Our target date is to get this done by the fall .
That 's the bottom line . "
Obama 's desired schedule already appeared in doubt because of fierce Republican opposition and cost concerns by fiscally conservative Democrats over the $ 1 trillion package proposed so far .
Reid said leading Democrats and Republicans of the Senate Finance Committee , who are negotiating a compromise plan , have asked for more time to complete their work .
" The decision was made to give them more time , " Reid said .
" I do n't think this is unreasonable .
... " I think that it 's better to have a product that is one that 's based on quality and thoughtfulness rather than trying to jam something through . "
Obama has said his timetable is more a target than a make - or - break deadline , intended to spur Congress into action .
He wants a health care reform bill on his desk by the end of the year to both capitalize on momentum of his new administration and avoid the thornier political climate of midterm congressional elections in 2010 .
Watch more of Obama 's comments on health care reform »
The president took his reform pitch to Ohio on Thursday afternoon , touring the Cleveland Clinic -- a hospital he has repeatedly praised as a model of high - quality , low - cost care -- and hosting a town hall meeting in Shaker Heights .
He repeated criticism of Republican leaders , saying they were trying to delay progress on health care reform .
He singled out recent comments by Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele that the process was moving too quickly .
Steele , Obama said , is " seeking to stall our efforts " and " recently went so far as to say that health insurance reform was happening ' too soon . ' ... I think that 's a little odd .
We 've been talking about health reform since the days of Harry Truman . "
Obama concluded that " reform may be coming too soon for some in Washington , but it 's not soon enough for the American people . "
Bills considered so far by House and Senate committees include Democratic proposals for a government - funded public health insurance option , mandates for people to be insured and employers to provide coverage , and an end to lack of coverage because of pre-existing conditions .
Republicans oppose a government - funded option and any requirement for employers to provide coverage .
They also call for limits on medical malpractice lawsuits , which Democrats do n't favor , along with a number of provisions contained in the Democratic bills , including increased efficiency in Medicare and Medicaid and a focus on preventive health programs .
On the House side , Speaker Nancy Pelosi reiterated Thursday that she wants the chamber to vote on a bill before the August break , despite remaining differences among House Democrats .
She had a tough meeting with House Democratic leaders Thursday morning , with House Majority Whip Jim Clyburn of South Carolina describing it as " one of the most contentious " whip meetings since he assumed the party post .
Also Thursday , representatives of the Congressional Black Caucus , voicing the concerns of Obama 's liberal political base , predicted that inaction this year would have dire ramifications on millions of Americans .
Several Black Caucus representatives have insisted the health reform plan as drafted is affordable , drawing a sharp contrast with more fiscally conservative Democrats who have raised cost concerns .
Later , several of the fiscally conservative Blue Dog Democrats on the House Energy and Commerce Committee met with White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel and committee chairman Henry Waxman of California to try to resolve their differences over the House proposal .
The three - hour meeting ended with two of the Blue Dogs -- Rep. Mike Ross of Arkansas and Rep. Baron Hill of Indiana -- saying they would continue to seek common ground .
" I 'd like to think we 're making progress , " Ross said .
" The talks are continuing and that 's a good thing . "
Pelosi downplayed talk of a Democratic split , saying she believes the party " will reach consensus " on the issue .
" I am more confident than ever , " Pelosi told reporters .
" When we work out some of the differences that we have , it will be very apparent to everyone else that the momentum is there .
When the bill is ready , we will go to the floor and we will win . "
Pelosi also echoed Obama 's remarks from a prime - time news conference Wednesday night , in which the president repeatedly emphasized that the spiraling costs of the current system would bankrupt the nation while denying coverage to millions more Americans .
Meanwhile , Clyburn and the second - ranking Democrat in the Senate , Dick Durbin of Illinois , raised the possibility of Congress continuing to work on health care reform into the August recess .
Clyburn warned that going on break without passing a bill would bring headlines of failure to act .
" It is much better to postpone , if not cancel vacation -- our August break -- and stay here until we get this done , " Clyburn said .
" This is too important . "
Durbin noted there was n't time before the August 7 recess for the Senate Finance Committee 's compromise plan to be debated by the full panel , then blended with a separate Democratic bill from the Senate Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee before going to the full chamber .
" Count the days , " he said .
" Either we are going to go into overtime , which is always a possibility , or have to face the prospect of doing it after August . "
In response , Rep. Mike Pence of Indiana , the third - ranking Republican in the House , said he was n't interested in staying longer to talk only about what he called Democratic plans to take over the health care system .
Instead ,
Pence said , " we can do some modest changes that will lower the cost of health insurance for families and small businesses , but that 's not what they 're trying to do here . "
Obama and Democratic leaders say the problems are deeper and systemic , with spiraling costs that eventually will bankrupt the country and with more than 12,000 people a day being added to the current figure of 46 million without health insurance .
The Senate Finance Committee talks do not include a government - funded public insurance option favored by Obama and top Democrats , Republican Sen. Charles Grassley of Iowa said Wednesday .
Instead , negotiators are looking at setting up health insurance cooperatives that would provide collective policies .
Obama dropped direct mention of that provision from his opening remarks Wednesday night and Thursday .
Both times , he later spoke of the benefits of a public option in response to questions , mentioning how it would provide competition to private insurers to drive down prices .
Democratic Sen .
Tom Carper of Delaware said the goal was to bring that competition to the system , regardless of the form or label .
" What we want to do is make sure , whether it 's a public option , whether it's a cooperative , whether it 's a fallback plan or trigger plan with a public option , we want to make sure that we 're going to hold the private sector honest , " Carper said .
" We 're going to make sure that competitive forces work . "
CNN 's Dana Bash and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this story .
All About Barack Obama • Health Care Policy
( CNN ) -- China " resolutely opposes " a planned trip by the Dalai Lama to Taiwan , the official Chinese news agency Xinhua reported Thursday , hours after Taiwan 's president announced the visit .
The Dalai Lama 's visit to Taiwan could anger China , which accuses him of advocating independence for Tibet .
more photos »
Beijing opposes the visit " in whatever form and capacity , " a spokesman for the State Council Taiwan Affairs Office said , according to Xinhua , which did not name the spokesman .
" Under the pretext of religion , ( the Dalai Lama ) has all along been engaged in separatist activities , " he said .
The Tibetan leader 's spokesman denied there was any political subtext to the visit .
" His holiness has received an invitation from several mayors inviting him to Taiwan .
He has accepted for the sole purpose ( of expressing ) his condolences and to share his sorrow for Taiwan 's people , " Tenzin Taklha said , calling the visit " completely ... non-political . "
Taiwan President Ma Ying - jeou said earlier Thursday that he had approved a visit by the Dalai Lama to pray for the victims of the typhoon - battered island .
Ma made the announcement Thursday while visiting a school in the southern part of the country , a government spokesman said .
The Dalai Lama has accepted the invitation , his spokesman Tenzin Taklha said .
" We are working on the details of his visit , which will take place soon , " he said .
Watch a report on the Dalai Lama 's planned visit »
Typhoon Morakot slammed into Taiwan on August 8 and unleashed floods , mudslides and misery .
More than 400 people were killed .
The visit of the Dalai Lama to Taiwan seemed certain to anger mainland China , which accuses both the Tibetan spiritual leader and the island nation of separatism .
Beijing accuses the Dalai Lama of advocating for Tibetan independence from China , and considers Taiwan to be a renegade province .
Taiwan and the mainland are only now smoothing their relationship after years of animosity .
Taiwan 's relations with China have improved under Ma , who has taken a more conciliatory approach than his predecessor .
Then - Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian rejected China 's assertion that there is only " One China " and Taiwan is an inalienable part of it .
CNN 's Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .
All About Taiwan • Natural Disasters • Dalai Lama
I got this watch when decided I needed something more sporty than my Rolex Oyster Perpetual ( reviewed elsewhere ) .
The two watches are pretty different .
That one is all sparkles and silver ( really platinum , but that 's immaterial ) , while this one looks like a hunk of dull black plastic ( it is supposed to be graphite , but who knows what it is really ? ) and metal .
The good :
- It is lighter than the Rolex , which is a pretty hefty chunk of tin .
- It is waterproof to 3300 feet , which means it can handle occasional dishwashing chores or pizza sauce without a hitch .
I hate watches that you have to take off to wash your hands after you use the bathroom .
Nearly lost one down the toilet once ; but that 's a different story .
- It looks cool , pretty much .
But that 's personal , and I am sure there are people out there who will be totally wowed by this watch ( and also people who will find it bleh ! )
- If you do n't look at it too carefully , it looks like a pretty cheap watch .
It does n't look all that different , at first glance , from a Casio G - force or some other chunky black sports watch .
That makes you less of a target for muggings and such .
The bad :
- It is not all that accurate .
A quartz watch , like from those made by Timex or Casio , would be more accurate .
But it is n't a big deal .
If I really need accurate time , I look at my cell phone .
- The date display is at an odd place .
The usual place is at 3:00 , but this watch puts it at 12:00 , but tilted to the right .
Why ?
I do n't know .
Certainly makes it harder to read , though .
- I hate to say it , but overall it is kind of hard to read !
The tourbillon ( the complicated business at 11:00 , something to do with the mechanism ) takes up a lot of area on the face , and makes the face more complicated to look at .
The chronograph dials are dark blue on black , and are basically unreadable .
( But who ever uses the chronograph anyway ? )
But what really matters are the main hour , minute and second hands , or what I call the " business " hands .
They are black .
True , there are some white spots painted on the hands in an attempt to make them more visible against the dark gray and black face , but it is a feeble effort .
Try harder , Zenith !
- The metal is painted or treated to be black .
I do n't know if that black finish will scratch easily or what .
Probably it will wear off in spots , eventually .
- It does n't have an alarm or any of the other cool functions you can find in watches pretty easily nowadays .
- The crystal is " hesalite " , not sapphire , despite what the product description says .
I know !
You are saying , " What the heck is " hesalite " ? "
Well , it turns out to be plastic .
That means Scratch City , baby !
I have n't scratched mine yet , but it is only a matter of time .
So basically they dressed up plastic in some fancy name you have to look up .
Disappointing .
So overall , I give it 3 stars .
Good but not great .
Shopping tip : it lists for $ 120 K but it is commonly available with a deep discount .
( Maybe that should be a warning sign , I do n't know . )
Anyway , DO NOT pay a dime over $ 92 K .
On Amazon it is eligible for free shipping , which is nice , and if it is defective , you can return it without too much trouble .
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
July 24th , 2009
Via : Telegraph :
Pupils and their families will be required to agree to the deal – setting out minimum standards of behaviour and attendance – before the start of term .
Contracts , known as Home School Agreements , will also establish parents ’ responsibilities for the first time .
They face court action and possible fines of up to £ 1,000 for repeatedly breaking rules .
The contracts will become compulsory in all English state schools under plans laid out in a Government White Paper .
Ministers suggested that “ good ” parents would be able to complain about other mothers and fathers who fail to ensure their children behave .
Ed Balls , the Schools Secretary , said the changes would help stop a single student disrupting the education of his or her classmates .
“ If the large majority of parents are doing the right thing but a small minority do not engage you can have one lesson for 30 kids disrupted by one child , ” he said .
“ Every parent will have to , as part of the admissions process , say they take on board the obligations in the Home School Agreement , and every parent will be expected to reaffirm that every year .
“ If other parents feel that the HSA is not being enforced against other parents they will be able to tell the local education authority . ”
HSAs are already in widespread use .
They are currently imposed on the parents of unruly children , forcing them to take responsibility for their behaviour .
But under new rules , all parents of children starting school for the first time will be required to sign them , the Government said .
It will set out rules on behaviour , attendance , school uniform and homework .
Parents will have a duty to ensure children meet the tough code .
Ministers have already announced plans to toughen up the contracts .
Under the White Paper , parents may be hauled before the courts by local authorities if they repeatedly break the contract .
They can be served with civil “ parenting orders ” by magistrates ’ courts , forcing mothers and fathers to attend parenting courses or counselling sessions and ensuring children are at home at night or kept clear of bad influences .
Orders are backed by fines of up to £ 1,000 .
The details of the contracts form part of the updated Youth Crime Action Plan , published on Wednesday by the Home Office , the Ministry of Justice and the Department for Children , Schools and Families .
Mr Balls added : “ Heads will be able to say to the recalcitrant parents , if you do not sign this or make sure they do the homework , or support discipline , then we will take that as evidence in the magistrates ’ court . ”
2010 Ford Taurus *
Photo : Brian Finke * Heading south on the New Jersey Turnpike , Ford Motor Company engineer Jerry Engelman swings his 2010 Taurus into the left lane to pass a semi .
The Taurus hesitates , slowing down , and then Engelman adjusts his heading .
The car takes off .
" Larry , " he calls to his colleague in the back seat , " write that down ! "
Engelman is driving , but just barely .
The Taurus has a radar - based adaptive cruise - control system that lets him set a top speed and then simply steer while the car adjusts its velocity according to traffic .
He 's been weaving and changing lanes , doing between 45 and 70 mph — and has n't touched a pedal in an hour .
Over the past few years , Ford engineers have driven 60,000 miles to test , tweak , and optimize this system , which also provides collision warning alerts .
They 've been focused on the future in a financially dismal present — analysts actually praised Ford for losing only $ 1.4 billion in the first quarter .
" It 's a tough market , " says Derrick Kuzak , VP of global product development , noting that the Taurus is important for " reestablishing us in the large - sedan market . "
That 's executive - speak for " This car really needs to sell . "
This particular tech is n't new .
Jaguar and Mercedes have sold luxury cars with similar features for years , but now they 're affordable .
By adding them to the $ 26,000 Taurus , Ford is channeling Henry I , who democratized the automobile Gottlieb Daimler invented .
Of course , if the technology is going to revitalize the storied automaker , it has to be fairly kick - ass .
Hence the road trip .
Photo : Brian FinkeAs Engelman travels the turnpike , a radar emitter pings for potential hazards ahead and sends the data to a computer that weighs the information against velocity and other factors to determine whether you 're about to crash your democratized technology .
If a collision is imminent , the car warns you , primes the brakes , and tightens the seat belts .
In cruise control , the radar makes sure you 're a safe distance from the traffic you 're following .
Engelman says the system is now pretty close to flawless .
His test car and others have been recording the particulars of their trips and feeding the information into a simulator back in Michigan .
He logged that hesitation on the turnpike so he could examine it later .
When he did , he found a glitch :
The radar saw the two sides of the semi as distinct vehicles .
" If the truck were hugging the left side of the right lane , the system would think that edge was a car in the left lane , " he explains .
He used the data accumulated on his trip to test a few patches and fixed the problem .
The radar - equipped Taurus goes on sale this summer , but the company plans to incorporate the system into all of its vehicles .
Ford has survived the market slump largely because of its financial reserves , but it will have to sell some cars to thrive again .
And innovation is n't cheap .
" Ford is burning through cash , " says UBS automotive analyst Colin Langan .
" If they do n't improve — and I think they will — they 'll be facing the fate of GM and Chrysler . "
Play Previous : What to Expect from Will Wright 's Stupid Fun Club Next : Swank Up Your Facebook Page With a Hand - Painted Portrait
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Yesterday , Andrew Sullivan highlighted this passage from the 2007 OLC opinion on interrogation techniques ( PDF ) : Andrew writes that the “ interrogators seem to have had an affinity for sleep deprivation . ”
Indeed .
That ’s probably because sleep deprivation was utterly central to America ’s torture program .
It does n’t sound too bad when you just say it , right ?
Sleep deprivation ?
Everyone ’s pulled an all - nighter once or twice .
A third of Americans do n’t get enough sleep .
It ’s especially easy to play down sleep deprivation when you ’re someone like Joe “ they do it in fraternities ” Scarborough .
The reality of course , is totally different : fraternities do n’t keep you awake for up to 11 days , standing , in shackles , in solitary confinement , in diapers , on reduced , liquid rations .
They do n’t kill you , either :
In conjunction with other pressures … irregular sleep could have serious consequences .
“ In December 2002 , two detainees were killed ” while incarcerated at a facility in Bagram , Afghanistan , ” according to the Senate report .
“ Investigators concluded that the use of stress positions and sleep deprivation combined with other mistreatment at the hands of Bagram personnel , caused or were direct contributing factors in the two homicides . ”
You can learn a lot more about the CIA ’s use of sleep deprivation from this Spencer Ackerman article and this Wired piece .
This quote ( linked by Sullivan back in 2006 ) from former Israeli prime minister Menachem Begin , who faced sleep deprivation in the Gulag , also hits home :
[ A person subjected to sleep deprivation feels ] wearied to death , his legs are unsteady , and he has one sole desire to sleep , to sleep just a little , not to get up , to lie , to rest , to forget …
Anyone who has experienced the desire knows that not even hunger or thirst are comparable it with it .
If starving prisoners is unacceptable , how can depriving them of sleep somehow be okay ?
David Silverman / Getty Images
The most precious resource in the world economy is human genius , which we may define as the ability to devise significant inventions that enhance survival and prosperity .
At any one time , genius is embodied in just a few score thousand people , a creative minority that accounts for most human accomplishment and wealth .
Cities and nations rise and thrive when they welcome entrepreneurial and technical genius ; when they overtax , criminalize , or ostracize it , they wither .
During the twentieth century , an astounding proportion of geniuses have been Jewish , and the fate of nations from Russia westward has largely reflected how they have treated their Jews .
When Jews lived in Vienna and Budapest early in the century , these cities of the Hapsburg Empire were world centers of intellectual activity and economic growth ; then the Nazis came to power , the Jews fled or were killed , and growth and culture disappeared with them .
When Jews came to New York and Los Angeles , those cities towered over the global economy and culture .
When Jews escaped Europe for Los Alamos and , more recently , for Silicon Valley , the world ’s economy and military balance shifted decisively .
Thus many nations have faced a crucial moral test :
Will they admire , reward , and emulate a minority that has achieved towering accomplishments ?
Or will they writhe in resentment and plot its destruction ?
The test has assumed a global face today , when a large proportion of the world ’s genius resides in Israel .
Israel has very recently become a center of innovation , second in absolute achievement only to the United States , and on a per-capita basis dwarfing the contributions of all other nations , America included .
How Israel is treated by the rest of the world thus represents a crucial test for civilization .
Will we pass it ?
My interest in Israeli innovation began in 1998 , when I invited an Israeli physicist named David Medved to speak at the Gilder / Forbes Telecosm conference .
Medved described the promise of “ free - space optics ” — what most of us call “ light ” — for high - end communications among corporate buildings and campuses .
He also spoke of air force experiments in Israel that used the still - higher frequencies and shorter waves of ultraviolet light for battlefield communications .
Some of the most important explorations of electromagnetic technology , I realized , were happening in Israel .
Nearly a decade later , Medved introduced me to his son Jonathan , a pioneering Israeli venture capitalist .
In his offices high over Jerusalem , the younger Medved told me the startling tale of Israel ’s rapid rise to worldwide preeminence in high technology .
I had long known that Israel held laboratories and design centers for American microchip companies .
I knew that , in a real sense , much American technology could reasonably bear the label israel inside .
I was familiar with a few prominent Israeli start - ups , such as the electric - car company launched by Wired cover boy Shai Agassi , which boldly bypassed the entire auto industry in redesigning the automobile from scratch , and Gavriel Iddan ’s company Given Imaging , with its digestible camera in a capsule for endoscopies and colonoscopies .
But what I learned in Jerusalem was that Israel was not only a site for research and outsourcing and the occasional conceptual coup , but the emerging world leader , outside the United States , in launching new companies and technologies .
This tiny embattled country , smaller than most American states , is outperforming European and Asian Goliaths ten to 100 times larger .
In a watershed moment for the country , Israel in 2007 passed Canada as the home of the most foreign companies on the technology - heavy NASDAQ index ; it is now launching far more high - tech companies per year than any country in Europe .
To take one example among many , Israel is a prime source not only of free - space optics but also of another form of hidden light : ultra - wideband technology .
This technology features wireless transmissions that are not , like cell - phone signals , millions of hertz wide at relatively high power , but billions of hertz wide — gigahertz — at power too low to be detected by ordinary antennas .
The technology is typically used for mundane purposes , such as connecting personal computers and televisions wirelessly .
But a firm called Camero , in Netanya , Israel , has invented an ingenious ultra- wideband device that enables counterterrorist fighters and police to see through walls and identify armed men and other threats within .
An easily portable box about the size and weight of a laptop computer , Camero ’s Xaver 400 could suffuse an urban battlefield with hidden light that would penetrate walls and bunkers and be detectable only by its users .
Such inventions are changing the balance of power in urban guerrilla warfare , to the advantage of the civilized and the dismay of the barbarians .
As I investigated companies like Camero , it became clear to me that Israel had achieved an economic miracle that was important to the United States and to the world .
As late as the mid-1980s , Israel was a basket case , with inflation rates spiking from 400 percent to nearly 1,000 percent by early 1985 .
As recently as 1990 , Israel was a relatively insignificant technology force , aside from a few military and agricultural initiatives .
Yet in little more than a decade , the country has become an engine of global technology progress .
Still more important , Israel ’s technology leadership has made it a vital ally of the United States against a global movement of jihadist terror .
How did it make such an astonishing leap ?
With the history of twentieth - century science and technology largely a saga of Jewish accomplishment , it might seem to have been foreordained that after World War II , the rising Jewish nation would emerge as a scientific and technological leader .
Yet for all the talk of deserts in bloom , the miracle did not occur quickly .
For many decades after Israel achieved independence in 1948 , the Jews assembled there generated few significant companies or technologies , no significant financial institutions to fund them , and little important science .
Accomplishments made in American states like California , New York , and even New Jersey exceeded those of Israeli enterprise , and Jews outside Israel far outperformed Jews in Israel .
In the country ’s early years , its research activities were mostly public , devoted to defense , and paltry by any standard .
As late as 1965 , the ratio of research - and - development spending in Israel to its gross domestic product was under 1 percent , nearly the lowest in the entire Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development , behind only Italy .
Just one - tenth of 1 percent of Israel ’s employees were engineers , putting it far behind the United States and even Sweden .
Michael Porter ’s definitive 1990 tome The Competitive Advantage of Nations mentioned Israel only once .
All this despite the presence of the Technion , one of the world ’s supreme institutions of practical science and the chief contribution of Israel ’s founders to its eventual preeminence in technology .
Located atop a hill overlooking Haifa , the institute sprawls over its spectacular site with a massive maze of concrete institutional architecture as formidable as MIT ’s : labs , auditoriums , nuclear facilities , giant telescopes , and research monoliths , mostly named for American Jewish tycoons .
But nearly 80 years passed after the Technion ’s opening in 1924 , with Jews around the world forging the science of the age in an intellectual efflorescence unparalleled in human history , without any exceptional contributions from Israel .
How to explain this lassitude ?
For much of Israel ’s short history , the country has been a reactionary force , upholding a philosophy of victimization and socialist redistribution that could only impede its progress .
In 1957 , a team of American economic consultants found that Israel ’s “ high labor costs . . . reflected the high degree of job security . . . [ and ] the absence of adequate incentive to or rewards for superior efficiency or performance . ”
This was partly a result , they added , of “ virtually complete protection from foreign competition . ”
Two years later , A. J. Meyer of the Harvard Center for Middle Eastern Studies noted “ uncertainty in the minds of many [ Israeli ] industrial producers that theirs is the ‘ good ’ occupation or that society really gives them credit — financially and in status — for their efforts . ”
He also cited “ welfare state concepts [ that ] often dictate that incompetent workers stay on payrolls . ”
Many of Israel ’s Jews , as the writer Midge Decter described them , “ were coming into the country armed with their socialism and their ideologies of labor and a Jewish return to the soil . ”
Imagine it : urban socialists trying to reclaim their past glory and save themselves in a hostile world by returning to the soil in a desert !
They created communal experiments — kibbutzim — and put intellectuals to work with hoes and shovels , for all the world like a voluntary version of Chairman Mao ’s Cultural Revolution .
In a truly menacing démarche of ideological madness , they attempted to abolish the family and private property .
Panicked , moreover , by the Jewish caricatures and stereotypes wielded by their enemies , they resolved to become mendicant nebbishes — touring the centers of Western money and industry with tin cups in hand — rather than bankers and financiers .
They assigned close to a third of the economy to the ownership of Histadrut , a socialist workers ’ organization prone to threatening nationwide strikes .
Under Histadrut pressure , they instituted minimum wages that stifled employment and propelled inflation .
Then they imposed more controls on wages , prices , and rents , making everything scarce .
In a general enthusiasm for public ownership of the means of production and finance , the government through the 1990s owned four major banks , 200 corporations , and much of the land .
Israel ’s taxes rose to a confiscatory 56 percent of total earnings , close to the highest in the world , stifling even those private initiatives that managed to pass through the country ’s sieves of socialism .
Erecting barriers of bureaucracy , sentiment , and culture , Israeli leaders balked the entrepreneurs and inventors who gathered there , creating a country inhospitable to Jewish genius .
Far more welcoming of Jewish and Israeli talent in those days were American companies , particularly Intel .
It was an Israeli engineer , Dov Frohman , who invented electrically programmable read - only memory ( EPROM ) , a chip - based permanent memory that could retain a personal computer ’s core programming even when the power was off .
EPROM would contribute some 80 percent of Intel ’s profits over the next decade and sustain the company ’s growth to become the world ’s leading semiconductor company .
( With the help of a company called Xicor , started by Israeli Raffi Klein , EPROM soon evolved into the flash memories that today dominate the industry .
Today , flash memories are a forte of the Israeli microchip industry and lie behind many American miracles of miniaturization , from so - called thumb drives to Apple ’s newer iPods to Hewlett - Packard ’s Mini netbooks . )
After leaving Intel in 1974 for a charitable sojourn teaching electrical engineering in Ghana , Frohman returned to Israel to establish an Intel design center in Haifa .
This laboratory soon conceived the so - called 8088 microprocessor , which was incorporated into the first IBM personal computer .
In 1979 , also in Haifa , Frohman supervised the development of Intel ’s first mathematical floating - point coprocessor , a critical element in most subsequent personal computers and workstations .
As a guest in the country , albeit an imposing one , Intel could tap the genius of Jews while bypassing the rules , tolls , and taxes that frustrated Israeli companies .
Following the Haifa design center , Frohman wanted Intel Israel to establish a semiconductor “ fab , ” or factory , in Jerusalem , together with the necessary chemical and engineering support services .
After a battle with Intel executive Andrew Grove — himself a Hungarian Jew who became a legendary figure in Silicon Valley — over the costs of training Israelis to run the fab , Frohman managed to enlist $ 60 million in subsidies from the Israeli government and led the project to completion in three and a half years .
By the late 1980s , the Jerusalem fab , Intel ’s first outside the United States , was producing some 75 percent of the global output of Intel ’s flagship 386 microprocessor and was gearing up to produce the 486 as well .
Frohman later persuaded Grove to open production plants in Kiryat Gat in the Negev , Israel ’s desert .
Meanwhile , from Intel ’s Israeli design centers — by now , there were several — emerged several generations of the Pentium microprocessor , as well as the Centrino low - power processor that integrated Wi -Fi wireless capabilities into portable PCs .
For all the achievements of Israelis working for Intel and other foreign firms , Israel ’s native technology sector languished .
Redemption came in unexpected forms .
One was an infusion of genius : nearly a million immigrants , chiefly from the Soviet Union , whom Israel absorbed in the late 1980s and the 1990s .
Impelled by constant harassment from the U.S. government — including Senator Henry “ Scoop ” Jackson ’s emancipation amendment , which for a decade was attached to any American legislation of interest to the USSR — the Soviet government finally agreed to a frontal lobotomy of its economy .
Under Gorbachev , it released the bulk of the Soviet Jews , who had continued , despite constant oppression , to supply many of the technical skills that kept the USSR afloat as a superpower .
The influx of Soviet Jews into Israel represented a 25 percent population increase in ten years , a tsunami of new arrivals that would be equivalent to the entire population of France being accepted into the United States .
Largely barred in the USSR from owning land or businesses , many of these Jews had honed their minds into keen instruments of algorithmic science , engineering , and mathematics .
Most had wanted to come to America but were diverted to Israel by an agreement between Israel and the United States .
Few knew Hebrew or saw a need for it .
At best , they were ambivalent Zionists .
But many were ferociously smart , fervently anti-Communist , and disdainful of their new country ’s bizarre commitment to a socialist ethos that punished achievement .
At the same time as the flood of Soviet immigrants , a smaller but seminal wave of Americans arrived in Israel from such companies as IBM and Bell Laboratories , with a knowledge of Silicon Valley and an interest in opportunities in Israel .
Capping off and funding these catalytic outsiders was a generation of eminent American retirees who arrived in Israel with billions of dollars of available capital , petawatts of imperious brainpower , a practiced disdain for bureaucratic pettifogs , and Olympian confidence in their own judgment and capabilities .
Mix the leadership of these dynamic capitalists with a million restive and insurgent Soviets , and the reaction was economically incandescent .
Throw in natural leadership from the irrepressible Natan Sharansky , who had faced down confinement in the Gulag and formed a new conservative political party in Israel to mobilize his Russian compatriots , and the impact reverberated through the social and political order as well .
Such an influx could not be clamped or channeled , tapered or intimidated into the existing economic framework , and , as Israeli financier Tal Keinan remarks of the Russian newcomers , “ they could not all work for Intel . ”
Today , immigrants from the former Soviet Union constitute fully half of Israel ’s high - tech workers .
Despite the dramatic progress of the 1990s , at the dawn of this century , Israel still lacked a financial sector capable of propelling the nation into the globally dominant role it stands poised to fill today .
To get there would take one more great reform .
The successful allocation of capital , like the launch of a new technology , is an elegant expression of the capitalist law that mind rules and matter serves .
Jews throughout history have excelled in this most intellectual of capitalist endeavors .
And yet Israel until recently had virtually no investment houses , deep capital markets , or venture capital .
With performance fees barred , hedge funds were essentially illegal .
“ All my Jewish friends were making their money at Goldman Sachs , while Israel ’s finance was dominated by a heavily subsidized labor union , ” remembers Keinan .
“ The Zionist Rothschilds dominated European banking , but the only significant Rothschild presence in Israel was a winery . ”
In the mid-1980s , Yitzhak Shamir ’s Likud government , with Benjamin “ Bibi ” Netanyahu as its United Nations ambassador , did cut taxes — increasing the rewards of work and investment by some 30 percent , dramatically boosting economic growth , and reducing inflation .
As prime minister in the 1990s , Netanyahu also ushered in dramatic deregulation , along with tax cuts that brought in floods of new revenue .
Further spurring local entrepreneurs was the Yozma program in 1993 , which waived double taxation on foreign venture - capital investments in Israel and put up a matching fund of $ 100 million from the government .
Demand for the money became so intense that the government hiked the amount and doubled the matching - funds requirement .
Nevertheless , throughout the 1990s , most of the money powering Israel ’s technological ascent came from the Israeli government or from American technology companies .
As the millennium dawned , Israel had failed to create a financial - services industry or to wrest control of much of Israel ’s capital from the hands of Histadrut .
The force driving the Israelis decisively out of their socialist slough into the modern world of finance was once again the ingenuity of Netanyahu .
As finance minister , Netanyahu used the financial crisis of 2003 and 2004 , precipitated by the latest campaign of Palestinian terror , as a lever to transform Israel ’s economy from a largely socialized domain dependent on foreign finance into one of the world ’s most open and flourishing financial systems .
In the process , he created what occasional advisor Keinan today calls “ the greatest opportunity in our lifetimes . ”
An Israeli supply - sider , Netanyahu faced the adamant opposition of Histadrut and its allies in the Knesset .
To overcome the hostility to finance capitalism that had long hobbled the Israeli economy , Netanyahu enlisted vital help from President George W. Bush and his treasury secretary , John Snow .
Netanyahu sought a sovereign loan guarantee that would give Israeli bonds the full faith and credit of the United States Treasury , so that despite intifadas and other perils , Israel could issue bonds on the same terms as the world ’s leading economy .
Not wanting the U.S. to appear a patsy , Snow refused to do the deal without a significant quid pro quo , stipulating that Netanyahu secure from the Knesset a series of major financial reforms .
First , Histadrut , which dominates the pension system in Israel , had to give up its direct line to the Israeli treasury , which had guaranteed it an inflation - adjusted 6 percent annual yield .
This special arrangement would be phased out over a period of 20 years .
Starting immediately with the first 5 percent of its holdings , Histadrut would need to begin finding other ways to invest its $ 300 million per month of cash flow .
Somehow a financial industry would have to arise in Israel to handle this huge trove of funds .
A second briar - patch reform demanded by Snow was the immediate privatization of Israel ’s state - owned industries , reducing the government ’s stake in these companies from an average of 60 percent ownership to minority ownerships of about 20 percent .
Among the privatized ventures were oil refineries , nearly all the banks , the Bezeq telephone monopoly , and the national airline , El Al .
The third key reform was the emancipation of the financial - services industry , complete with legalization of investment banks , international private equity funds , and performance fees for hedge funds .
Eliminated were double taxes not merely on investments in Israel but also on international investment activities by Israelis .
The Netanyahu - Snow agenda went into effect on January 1 , 2005 .
In under 25 years — starting from those first modest tax reforms of the mid-1980s — Israel has accomplished the most overwhelming transformation in the history of economics , from a nondescript laggard in the industrial world to a luminous first .
Today , on a per-capita basis , Israel far leads the world in research and technological creativity .
Between 1991 and 2000 , even before the big reform of 2005 , Israel ’s annual venture - capital outlays , nearly all private , rose nearly 60 - fold , from $ 58 million to $ 3.3 billion ; companies launched by Israeli venture funds rose from 100 to 800 ; and Israel ’s information - technology revenues rose from $ 1.6 billion to $ 12.5 billion .
By 1999 , Israel ranked second only to the United States in invested private - equity capital as a share of GDP .
And it led the world in the share of its growth attributable to high - tech ventures : 70 percent .
Even a year or two later — while the rest of the world slumped after the millennial telecom and dot - com crash and Israel suffered an acute recession — its venture capitalists strengthened its lead in technological enterprise .
During the first five years of the twenty - first century , venture - capital outlays in Israel rivaled venture - capital outlays in all of the United States outside California , long the world ’s paramount source of entrepreneurial activity in high technology .
Today , Israel ’s tech supremacy is even greater .
A 2008 survey of the world ’s venture capitalists by Deloitte & Touche showed that in six key fields — telecom , microchips , software , biopharmaceuticals , medical devices , and clean energy — Israel ranked second only to the United States in technological innovation .
Germany , ten times larger , roughly tied Israel .
In 2008 , Israel produced 483 venture - backed companies with just over $ 2 billion invested ; Germany produces approximately 100 venture - backed companies annually .
The rankings registered absolute performance , but adjusted for its population , Israel comes in far ahead of all other countries , including the United States .
Venture capital is the most catalytic force in the world economy .
In the United States , venture - backed companies produced nearly one - fifth of GDP in 2007 .
At a time when American venture capital is flagging under the financial crisis , the emergence of a comparable venture scene in Israel , linked closely to Silicon Valley , is providential for both the American economy and its military defense .
This development makes Israel one of America ’s most important economic allies .
Israel ’s creativity now pervades many of the most powerful and popular new technologies , from personal computers to iPods , from the Internet to the medical center .
Early in 2009 , for example , Intel launched a massive new advertising campaign to celebrate what it described as its most important advance since its initial invention of the microprocessor chip some 40 years ago : the new Core i7 device , code - named “ Nehalem , ” which combined leading - edge computing power with unprecedented economy of energy use .
Like many of the inventions that have made Intel the world ’s leading microchip company , the Core i7 was designed in Israel .
Israelis are also leaders in arguably the most important technology arena today , particularly for military uses .
This is the ability of computers using parallelism to sense , accept , and process information as quickly as modern transmission techniques — especially fiber - optics lines — can deliver it .
A representative device in this effort , and a powerful symbol of Israel ’s leading position in Internet technology , is the “ network processor . ”
Just as a Pentium microchip is the microprocessor that makes most PCs work , the network processor is the device that makes the next - generation Internet work , doing the vital routing and switching at network nodes .
The next - generation Internet will allow “ petaflops ” ( 1015 floating - point operations per second ) of real - time computational power to be deployed to virtually any point on the earth .
The network processor will let any desktop computer access data and processing power exponentially greater than that incorporated in any PC or any single corporate data center .
The next - generation Internet and its associated technologies will be both the next great machine of capitalism and the next great weapon in its defense .
Only by accepting and processing sensory data as fast as or faster than the human brain registering a glimpse of a known terrorist ’s face buried beneath $ 100,000 worth of plastic surgery will computers make the leap from glorified adding machines to indispensable allies against the forces of chaos and terror .
Leading the field are companies like Eli Fruchter ’s EZchip ( in which I have long been an investor ) , launched in the late 1990s with a few dollars , no customers , and a compelling PowerPoint presentation in lieu of any actual products .
In less than a decade , EZchip drove most of its rivals — firms like Intel , Motorola , and IBM — to the sidelines , and welcomed the rest , like Cisco and Juniper , to its list of major customers .
During a trip to Israel in 2008 , Fruchter , Amir Eyal , and Guy Koren of EZchip took me out to dinner in Caesarea .
The restaurant was on the Mediterranean beach .
Above the beach stood the ruins of Roman temples and terraces , theaters and arches , all surfaced with golden sandstone and carefully refurbished and illuminated .
Shops and restaurants were decorously arrayed along the beach .
The rush of water on the sand , the scent of fish in the air , the glow of sunset , and the lights on the Roman stone all lent the area a magical feeling of peace and prosperity .
I thought of Gaza , under 100 miles to the south , with similar beaches and balmy weather , and similar possibilities of human advance .
Could the Gazans join the Israelis to create a Riviera on their exquisite beaches , their glowing sands ?
To do so , they would have to leave behind a world of zero - sum chimeras and fantasies of jihadist revenge .
And they would discover that their greatest ally is a man long portrayed as their most feared enemy , a man who , having led for decades the fight to liberate Israeli Jews from self - destructive socialist resentment , now offers to bring all of Palestine and perhaps all of Arabia on the same journey .
Netanyahu ’s vision is an Israel that , as a global financial center , could transform the economics of the Middle East .
Israel could become a Hong Kong of the desert .
Just as Hong Kong ultimately reshaped the Chinese economy in its own image when Deng Xiaoping mimicked its free economy , Israel could become a force for economic liberation in the Middle East , reaching out to Palestinians and other Arabs with the blandishments of commercial opportunity .
After all , it has long been Israeli enterprise that has attracted Arabs to Palestine .
Between 1967 , when Israel took over the West Bank and Gaza Strip , and 1987 , when the first intifada erupted , those two territories were one of the fastest - growing economies on earth .
GDP surged 30 percent a year for a decade , the Arab population nearly tripled , six new universities were launched , and Arab longevity jumped from 43 years to 74 .
Netanyahu has long believed that the peace process as we know it is irrelevant , focused on a handful of issues that breed anger and perpetuate conflict .
Meanwhile , true peace — and the promise of a decent life — lies waiting to be picked up by those Palestinians and Israelis who are willing , and now increasingly able , to invest in creation over destruction .
Back in April , when the debate over torture was roaring , Jon Stewart invited Cliff May , a national - security hawk and former spokesman for the Republican Party , to come on The Daily Show and defend waterboarding .
May was hesitant .
He thought Stewart would paint him as a crazy extremist .
The audience would jeer .
It would be a disaster .
“ I was apprehensive about going on , even though I ’ve been on TV for a dozen years , ” says May .
“ A lot of my friends told me : ‘ Do n’t do it .
You ’re meat going into the sausage factory . ’ ”
But May had a change of heart after soliciting advice from his friend Bill Kristol , editor of the Weekly Standard .
“ Kristol told me : ‘ You ’ll be pleasantly surprised .
He does n’t take cheap shots .
Jon is smart .
You ’ll do just fine . ’” Kristol proved to be right .
Stewart ’s interview of May — a crackling , lengthy debate about where to draw the line between freedom and security — produced one of the most clarifying discussions about torture on television .
“ Literally , this is the best conversation I ’ve had on this subject anywhere , ” May told Stewart .
“ There is genuine intellectual curiosity , ” May told New York .
“ He ’s a staunch liberal , but he ’s a thoughtful liberal , and I respect that . ”
May is n’t the only conservative gushing about Stewart .
While the movement professes a disdain for the “ liberal media elite , ” it has made an exception for the true - blue 46 - year - old comedian .
“ He always gives you a chance to answer , which some people do n’t do , ” says John Bolton , President Bush ’s ambassador to the United Nations and a Fox News contributor , who went on the show last month .
“ He ’s got his perspective , but he ’s been fair . ”
Says Bolton : “ In general , a lot of the media , especially on the left , has lost interest in debate and analysis .
It has been much more ad hominem .
Stewart fundamentally wants to talk about the issues .
That ’s what I want to do . ”
What ’s more , Stewart seems to like hosting conservatives ( Comedy Central did not reply to requests for comment ) .
In recent weeks , Mike Huckabee , Newt Gingrich , and Bill Kristol have stopped by .
Since the beginning of the Obama administration , Stewart has interviewed more conservative pundits than liberal ones .
( Remember when fans fretted he ’d have trouble finding ways to be funny under the new president ? )
It may be because it ’s simply easier to tangle with an ideological adversary than to needle a compatriot .
A clash of ideas is always more entertaining than an echo chamber .
And , for a liberal wit like Stewart , it ’s easier to stake out a clear position when facing off against a direct opponent .
When he ’s interviewing a liberal politician or pundit , he comes from a weaker position .
His offensive instincts are blurred — notwithstanding his on - air indictment of Jim Cramer — and occasionally he fawns .
Take his interview last month with House Financial Services Committee chair Barney Frank .
“ It seems like it ’s disappeared , ” Stewart said of the stimulus money .
Frank dodged the attack by insisting that Democrats had made the economic crisis “ less bad than it used to be . ”
Stewart toggled to another point , that Democrats had revised the recovery timetable .
Frank claimed his intervention prevented a deeper hole .
Frank was n’t really answering the questions .
The conversation felt unsatisfying .
Conservatives like Stewart because he ’s providing them a platform to reach an audience that usually tunes them out .
And they often find that Stewart takes them more seriously than right - wing political hosts , who are often just using them to validate their broad positions , do .
Stewart will poke fun , but he offers a good - faith debate on powder kegs — torture , abortion , nuclear weapons , health care — that explode on other networks .
“ Shepard Smith did the same discussion [ on torture ] , ” says May .
“ He kept yelling me at me : ‘ This is where I get off the bus !
Not in my name ! ’
He was n’t arguing with me .
It was just assertions and anger .
That ’s not what Jon deals in . ”
To be sure , Stewart wants to outsmart and discombobulate his conservative guests .
He loves catching them in inconsistencies .
“ I feel like you just trapped me , ” a grinning Kristol told Stewart , after Kristol conceded that the government provides “ first - rate ” health care to American soldiers .
“ I just want to get this on the record , ” said Stewart .
“ You just said … the government can run a first - class health - care system . ”
( Asked about Stewart , Kristol e-mailed back : “ I enjoy being on the show , do n’t mind serving as his punching bag , and am happy to do my little bit to broaden his horizons . ” )
But conservatives respect the rules of engagement .
They ’re trying to trip up Stewart just the same .
Says May : “ As soon as we finished , he leaned forward and said to me , ‘ I ca n’t believe you got me to say that Harry Truman was a war criminal . ’ ”
( Stewart later recanted . )
“ Maybe he ’s discovered that interesting discussion attracts viewers , ” suggested Bolton .
But it ’s more than that .
At the end of the day , the spirited debate on The Daily Show does n’t leave people feeling queasy or upset — and that includes the guests with whom Stewart spars .
Far - right activists have launched a campaign of intimidation and violence against political opponents including a series of death threats and physical attacks .
Hardline fascists are targeting students and leading anti-racism activists who campaigned against the British National party in June 's European elections .
A group calling itself the Aryan Martyrs ' Brigade has issued threats including a " death warrant " sent to Weyman Bennett , the joint secretary of Unite Against Fascism , stating he will be killed before the end of the year " for crimes against all loyal white patriots and British nationalists " .
The threat , which the police are investigating and has a picture of Bennett in cross hairs , states : " We know exactly what you look like and what venues you frequent and can strike at will .
The police , special branch , MI5 , Searchlight cannot save you from the bullets coming your way .
No matter where you are , we will get you , all we need is a lock on your mobile phone signal and you are one dead nigger . "
Others have received threatening emails and at least one prominent activist was attacked after his picture appeared on an extreme rightwing website that was taken during protests against the BNP .
" There has definitely been an upsurge in attacks and intimidation since the European elections , " said Bennett .
" The fringe rightwing groups appeared to be on their best behaviour when the BNP were campaigning but once the election was over they seem to be trying to take their revenge on those of us who were prominent in the anti-fascist campaign . "
The increase in rightwing violence comes after Scotland Yard admitted it was deploying more resources to monitor far - right extremists amid fears of a terrorist attack .
Commander Shaun Sawyer told a meeting organised by the Muslim Safety Forum last month that there was a growing threat from the far right .
" I fear they will have a spectacular … they will carry out an attack that will lead to a loss of life or injury to a community somewhere , " he said .
Sawyer added that more specialist officers needed to be deployed to counter the threat from far - right groups .
Bennett , who has received threats in the past , has been told by the police to take the latest death threat more seriously .
" Standing up against people like the BNP you do sometimes get verbal threats and intimidation but this appears to be more serious , " he said .
" I do n't intend to stop organising anti-racism events or confronting the fascists in the BNP but something like this does make me think more about my personal security . "
One of the people who has been assaulted in recent weeks is Gary McNally , who helped organise a Love Music Hate Racism festival in Stoke - on - Trent in May .
After the European elections , when the BNP gained two MEPs , the 23 - year - old attended a protest outside a meeting in Blackpool .
Several photographs of the student appeared on the extremist Redwatch website , which is understood to be linked to the Aryan Martyrs ' Brigade , alongside the slogan " Remember places , traitors ' faces , they 'll all pay for their crimes " .
A few days later McNally was attacked .
" I was about 200 yards from my house and I felt something smash against my face and I heard the words , ' You are a disgrace to your country , ' and I saw a pair of shoes as I fell to the ground , " he said .
McNally , a student at Staffordshire University , was taken to hospital where he was treated for cuts and bruises to his face and head .
" After I had been hit I thought I had gone blind in my left eye .
The attack has left me very scared – the BNP put on this respectable front but I suppose this is the reality of what happens if you publicly stand up and disagree with them . "
Simon Darby , deputy leader of the BNP , said the attacks and threats had nothing to do with the party .
" It is rather ironic that they are complaining about being attacked when they use similar tactics themselves , " he added .
Credit : drewphillipsphotography
Vintage Porsches set ahead to take over the Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca .
The announcement was made at this week ’s Monterey Historics with vintage racing treat coming to start off in August .
There are dozens of Porsches that will be at the Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca that would have about 1/3 of the 450 cars in the filed .
This year it is going to be Porsches ’ galore with the track being prepared accordingly for the forthcoming event .
There are going to be 3 days of racing overall and according to tradition , the Porches would be gathered straight between turns with 3 - 4 of them in each group .
The collections of legendary race cars are have been gathered by turns for the group photos to be taken .
There one can really spot the special models coming from Porsche Museum in Germany .
Credit : Photos Copyright ©2009 Drew Phillips / Weblogs , Inc .
There will also be select role models to be displaying on the tracks of Monterey to bring more thrills to the festivities .
Source : autoblog
A tutorial or class for almost everything and anything is available online these days .
Whether you 're looking to beef up your résumé with some new skills , to get a degree while waiting for the job market to pick up , or simply to have a little fun learning something new , the Web has a wealth of educational resources -- many of them free of charge .
To give you some ideas , we 've put together a list of sites in several categories , from skills for budding entrepreneurs and learning foreign languages to gourmet cooking and the choreography for Michael Jackson 's iconic Thriller dance .
You can always Google for anything you do n't see here , but be careful as you click .
In researching this story , I ran into many sites that either tried to sell me classes ( with little or no real free instruction ) or were infested with pop-ups and adware .
Antimalware software is a must .
( See PC World 's free downloads of antimalware programs . )
Get a Business Up and Running
So you have a business in mind ?
Start with a business plan that outlines the specifics of how you intend to make money -- essential for attracting investors and useful for your own reality checks .
BPlans.com , run by PaloAlto Software ( creators of Business Plan Pro software ) offers dozens of articles , sample plans , and templates to help you get going .
This is one of the few sites that , while it does market a product ( you need its software to edit a sample plan and use it for your own enterprise ) , delivers a slew of genuinely useful content for free .
( And you can always simply recreate the sample plan using Word and Excel . )
Once you 've launched your business , you 'll have to keep financial records .
But even if you use software such as Quickbooks , it 's a good idea to understand how basic accounting works .
Small business consultant Dave Marshall 's Bean Counter site features free tutorials on basic business accounting and bookkeeping .
And because so many aspects of business require presentation skills , it 's useful to have a working knowledge of Microsoft 's PowerPoint .
About.com 's Presentation Software site provides a Beginner 's Guide to PowerPoint that gathers 11 tutorials to get you going .
Your business will need a Web site too .
You can pay someone a lot of money to create it , but if you would like to dig into the complexities of modern Web design , LearnWebDesignOnline.com is a good place to start , with links to tutorials , videos , and books on all aspects of site creation .
Another resource is SiteGround , a Web hosting company that provides an impressive tutorials page for learning about both Web hosting in general and a wide array of specific applications for content management and site creation ( WordPress , Dreamweaver , and the like ) .
If you 're interested in putting together a news site , J - Learning.org provides guidance on everything from blogging tools and multimedia creation to SEO and legal issues -- all for free .
To help bring visitors to your site , you 'll need to learn the basics of search engine optimization ( SEO ) .
Search consultants SEOmoz 's free Beginners Guide is a good place to start .
Improve Your Tech Skills
Okay , time out for a little self - promotion .
For general hardware upgrades , setup instruction , and software tips , look no further than PC World 's own How - To page .
Organized by category , there 's an amazing wealth of guidance ( in print , video , and slide shows ) for everything from swapping out a PC 's processor to getting Microsoft Office to work better .
However , for professional in - depth training in specific applications , Lynda.com has established itself as the go - to place , with thousands of videos and tutorial files for hundreds of applications .
It 's not free , but if you 're serious about learning a complicated application , its subscription - based fees are a good value .
( Read PC World 's recent review of Lynda.com . )
Have you ever wanted to explore the mysteries of computer programming ?
You can find a slew of programming tutorials online , but I like British programmer Alan Gauld 's Learning to Program , an online version of a book he 's written .
It 's not particularly slick , but he writes clearly and accessibly , and he uses Python , which experts tell me is a good programming language to start with .
Next : Formal Education , Languages , and Life Skills
Transcript :
the final option berlin , germany .
nazi : mein fuehrer !
we are surround !
hitler : my plan ... my beautiful plan has failed !
april 30 , 1945 .
nazi : yes , you will never see realized your dream of global domin ... hitler : nein dummkopf !
that was a smokescreen for my real objective !
smack nazi : i'm sorry -- you lament that you could not complete the unspeakable horror of genocide ... hitler : nein !
i'm talking real evil here !
oop : you mean ... hitler : ja !
my ultimate goal has always been ... universal health care in the u.s.a.! oop : noo !
hitler : health coverage for every citizen !
regulation of insurance companies !
perhaps even ... a public option !
nazi : diabolical !!
fuehrer , the soviets are upon us !
hitler : luckily , i had my scientists develop a back - up plan !
scientist : come !
it is time .
so !
we will remove your brain , put it in a deep freeze , transport it to a remote island for , say , 16 years ... and then transplant it into an african american baby born in honolulu !
hitler : it 's so simple !
next the boy from hawaii !
Please read our terms of use .
Please read these guidelines to prevent yourself from being scammed .
Error :
This job vacancy does not exist on our website anymore .
The possible cause could be that the employer deleted it from this website because the job vacancy is now filled .
You may Click Here to view the latest jobs on offer .
We hope you 'll find something that you 'll like !
Debian GNU / Linux 6.0 Squeeze release goals
July 30th , 2009
Following up on its decision to adopt the policy of timed release freezes beginning with the next release of Debian GNU / Linux , the Debian Release Team has now published their list of release goals for the upcoming release of Debian GNU / Linux 6.0 , code - named Squeeze .
In the light of these goals and also in consideration of the Debian community 's feedback to the release team 's initial announcement during the keynote of this year 's DebConf in Caceres , Spain , the Release Team has additionally decided to revisit its decision on December 2009 as the proposed freeze date .
A new timeline will be announced by the Debian Release Team in early September .
Luk Claes , Debian Release Manager , underlines the team 's commitment to quality saying In Debian we always strive to achieve the greatest quality in our releases .
The ambitious goals that we have set for ourselves will help to secure this quality in the upcoming release .
The Debian Release Team - in cooperation with the Debian Infrastructure Team - plans to include the following goals in the upcoming release :
Multi-arch support , which will for instance improve the installation of 32 bit packages on 64 bit machines
k FreeBSD support , introducing the first non-linux architecture into Debian
Improved boot performance using dash as the new default shell , and a dependency - based boot system that will both clean up the boot process and help performance through parallel processing
A further enhanced Quality Assurance process resulting in higher quality packages .
This includes : Clean installation , upgrade and removal of all packages Automatic rejection of packages failing basic quality checks Double compilation support
Preparation for new package formats to help streamline future development and to introduce improved compression algorithms
Removal of obsolete libraries for improved security
Full ip v6 support
Large File Support
Automatic creation of debug packages for the entire archive , a Google Summer of Code Project pending integration into the infrastructure
Move of packages ' long descriptions into a separate translated package list , which will facilitate their translation and also provide a smaller footprint for embedded systems thanks to smaller Packages files .
, which will facilitate their translation and also provide a smaller footprint for embedded systems thanks to smaller files .
Better integration of debtags , a system to tag packages with multiple attributes for easier package selection
Discard and rebuild of binary packages uploaded by maintainers , leaving only packages build in a controlled environment
The Debian Project looks forward to working with its many upstream projects and the worldwide community of Free Software developers in preparing the next high - quality Debian release .
About Debian
The Debian Project is an association of Free Software developers who volunteer their time and effort in order to produce the completely free operating system Debian GNU / Linux .
Contact Information
For further information , please visit the Debian web pages at https://www.debian.org/, send mail to < press@debian.org > , or contact the release team at < debian-release@lists.debian.org >.
When I published the results on The Oil Drum of my New World Model , based on World3 ( the “ Limits to Growth ” model ) – see here , many of the questions and issues that people had were around EROEI .
So I ’m writing this article to clarify how the model uses EROEI and the results in some alternative scenarios where EROEI is changed in different ways .
Why are the results so different from the original World3 model ?
Is it because of EROEI ?
The results are different because there are many changes from the World3 model .
EROEI is only related indirectly to the difference in results .
In the World3 model , industrial output depends on the amount of non-renewable resources available .
In the New World Model , there is n’t a “ non-renewable resources ” variable , but instead there are different energy sources , including renewables , that are also essential to produce industrial output .
In the same way that in World3 the amount of industrial output tracks quite closely the usage of non-renewable resources , in the New World Model the industrial output tracks the total energy .
Fig. 1 Resource usage and industrial output in the World3 model .
Fig. 2 Total energy production and industrial output in the New World Model .
As you can see in the graphs , total energy declines much less abruptly in my model than non-renewable resources decline in World3 .
There are several reasons for this :
Renewable energy sources
The decline of non-renewable energy sources follows a logistic curve .
The exact equation is : Increase in production = 0.2 *( fraction of fossil fuel remaining - 0.5 ) * current production
In the World3 model , the decline of non-renewable resources happens as fast as people can consume them .
In other words , there is n’t any limitation imposed to how fast non-renewable resources can be exploited , leading to a very abrupt decline when it happens .
It could be said that one of the conclusions of the new model is that peak oil and peak fossil fuels is good news for civilization , because it gives a natural limit to how fast we can deplete our resources , preventing us from depleting them so fast that it would lead to a complete collapse .
Switching from some energy sources to others makes for a gentler , staged decline
How does the model estimate historical changes in use of different energy sources ?
Is it based on historical data or only EROEI ?
Market forces follow EROEI : the most efficient sources of energy are also the most profitable .
This seems to make sense intuitively but is disputed .
Energy companies are conservative : they will not start reducing the usage of an energy source until its EROEI falls below the average of all sources .
Also , the reduction or increase in any energy source is gradual .
EROEI has only an effect on this last point , in that it ’s the cause that drives the switching from one energy source to another .
The model uses only EROEI to decide whether to change the amount in the mix for any energy source and any type of demand ( electricity , heat or transport ) .
As I said in my previous article , there are two fundamental ideas that I have used :
You can see below the graphs that represent energy usage for different types or energy and EROEI for the same types of energy , and see how they match .
Fig. 3 Energy usage in the New World Model .
Fig. 4 EROEI in the New World Model .
Do the production profiles depend on EROEI ?
Demand .
The maximum production , defined by the formula : Increase in production = 0.2 *( fraction of fossil fuel remaining - 0.5 ) * current production
Is there a clear point when EROEI has fallen so low that it causes a collapse ?
No .
The shape of the production curve for non-renewable energy sources depends on two factors :
If demand is lower than the maximum production , the production matches demand .
If not , it matches maximum production .
None of these things depend on EROEI .
If one had to give a date in the model for that , it would be sometime around 2030 , around the time when the peak of industrial output is reached .
The graph below shows industrial output , average EROEI and the amount of industrial capital needed to obtain energy , which indicates what happens .
Note :
The reason there is a kink at the peak on industrial output is partly because of the sharp increase in the industrial capital needed to obtain energy , and partly because the table that estimates the industrial capital needed to obtain energy is a bit sparse on data points .
Fig. 5 EROEI and industrial output in the New World Model .
Where does your formula for EROEI come from ?
The formula I ’ve given for EROEI of oil ( other fossil fuels are similar ) is :
EROEI of oil = ( fraction of oil remaining ^2 ) *
100
This comes from an approximate fit for the data points given by Charles Hall , 2008 for oil in the USA :
1930 – About 100:1
1970 – About 30:1
2000 – About 11-18:1
An additional reason to go for this simple relationship is because it has the following property : it takes the same amount of energy to extract the first half of the oil as it takes to extract half of the remainder ( a quarter ) , and so on .
This fits well with the intuitive idea of declining EROEI .
Clearly , the data is too limited to tell if this formula holds true with any certainty , so an obvious possible set of scenarios to try is changing it to other possible curves and see what happens in that case .
What happens if you choose EROEI curves that decline faster or slower ?
One can change the curve for one that declines faster , such as a cubic .
In this case , the world does n’t even have time to adapt to the first peak in production of a fossil fuel ( peak oil ) , and industrial production collapses before there is time to switch to another source .
Fig. 6
Key variables in the New World Model for a scenario with rapid decline for EROEI , following a cubic curve .
If one changes to a curve that declines slower , such as a linear curve , an interesting thing happens : collapse happens later , but when it does , it ’s much faster and catastrophic .
The world has time to adapt gradually to each of the peaks in each fossil fuel with not too much disruption , but when it reaches the final one , it affects food production in a catastrophic way .
Climate change has been making it harder and harder to get adequate crop yields , and this world compensated by more and more industrial inputs to agriculture .
When the final energy crisis hits , a significant portion of the world industrial base is dedicated to try to keep at bay the food crisis , and when that fails , everything else does .
Fig. 7
Key variables in the New World Model for a scenario with slow decline of EROEI , following a linear rate .
What if the model underestimated EROEI for renewables and / or overestimated EROEI for fossil fuels ?
There were several complaints that my estimate of EROEI for renewables was way too low and / or my estimate for fossil fuels was too high .
I ’ve ran a few scenarios with different values for EROEI to see what happens .
A scenario with a higher EROEI for renewables ( 30:1 for renewable electricity and 15:1 for renewable thermal ) is similar , except that renewable energy sources start getting used sooner , and the final decline that comes with the decline of coal also happens sooner , because renewables helped this world live with a higher energy usage rate than the “ business as usual ” run .
Fig. 8 Key variables in the New World Model scenario with higher EROEI for renewables .
Fig. 9 Energy usage in the New World Model scenario with higher EROEI for renewables .
If one assumes both lower EROEI for fossil fuels and higher EROEI for renewables , we get a world where the energy crisis is a serious bump , but does a partial recovery eventually .
The main reason that this world manages to recover is because usage of coal is kept at moderate levels , due to its relatively low EROEI , instead of being ramped up after oil and gas peak .
Fig. 10 Key variables in a New World Model scenario with low EROEI for fossil fuels and high EROEI for renewables .
Fig. 11 Energy usage in a New World Model scenario with low EROEI for fossil fuels and high EROEI for renewables .
What if a new technology for renewable electricity is discovered that has very high EROEI ?
It was suggested that some new technologies for renewable electricity , for example high altitude wind power , have extremely high EROEI .
Would n’t that resolve all our problems ?
The answer , surprisingly , is “ no ” .
A scenario where a high EROEI ( 100:1 ) technology is discovered for renewable electricity on 2010 produces similar results to the scenario with high EROEI for renewables above .
The fundamental problem is that just because there is a high EROEI technology available , market forces are still conservative , and the change to a higher EROEI , more profitable technology only happens when the old technology has dropped below a certain level of EROEI .
Market forces as simulated in this model eliminate the worst energy sources , but do n’t reduce the share of energy sources that are still able to operate a normal business .
People still burn fossil fuels even when there are better alternatives available .
This causes to climate change , a gradual decline in food production , and a final collapse when it ’s impossible to keep food production going .
Fig. 12 Key variables in the New World Model scenario with a very high EROEI renewable electricity technology .
Fig. 13 Energy usage in the New World Model scenario with a very high EROEI renewable electricity technology .
What if things are n’t left to market forces and / or EROEI , and there is a policy decision to ramp up renewables straight away , whether it makes sense financially or energetically or not ?
This is an interesting scenario to model , because it could be said it represents what seems to be happening currently .
Policy decisions are being made to encourage renewables , often with little concern about practicality .
Is this a good decision ?
A run with a scenario that forces renewables to go online produces a definitely better result than the “ business as usual ” , the energy crisis does n’t last as long it and has a higher standard of living for a longer period of time than the optimistic “ high EROEI renewables / low EROEI fossil fuels ” scenario described above .
Problems start appearing towards the end of the run , but they are only the food crisis that this model will always show if there are no policies to take proper care of the soil .
It ’s important to note that there is no need to assume optimistic EROEIs for this scenario .
There is no need to be hopeful if we can be smart .
Fig. 14 Key variables in the New World Model scenario where renewables are encouraged regardless of EROEI .
The family of a 19 - year - old Co Down man who suffered liver failure after binge drinking has been told he will not qualify for a liver transplant until he is six months alcohol - free .
Gareth Anderson is critically ill at the Ulster Hospital because his liver failed following a weekend spent binge drinking with friends .
Liver specialists say most patients who develop liver failure have been drinking heavily for more than a decade .
But according to the patient 's father , Brian Anderson , Gareth had what he called ' a few heavy weekends ' but did not seem to be partying more than other teenagers .
The rule is the UK is that potential recipients need to be six months alcohol - free to qualify for a liver transplant .
Mr Anderson says his son may not survive that long .
DUP Assembly member Jim Shannon has asked for the six - month rule to be waived .
So far there is no indication that an exception will be made .
He has built an unlikely political career on the bold premise that opponents of tax - cutting Republicanism are a bunch of limp - wristed “ girlie men ” and Arnold Schwarzenegger is nothing if not consistent in his line of attack .
The Governor of California has written yet another chapter in his colourful personal history by sending his leading Democratic rival a metal sculpture of a pair of bull ’s testicles .
Darrell Steinberg , the President of the State Senate , is said to have received the rugby ball - sized artwork last week , as lawmakers weighed up how to cope with a budget crisis that has left California $ 25 bn ( £ 15 bn ) in the red .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
It was accompanied by a handwritten note , suggesting that Mr Steinberg and his left - wing colleagues grow some cojones and make tough choices to cut public spending , which Mr Schwarzenegger deems necessary to stave off the imminent bankruptcy of America ’s most populous state .
Sources close to both men told the Los Angeles Times that the gift was a response to a similar gag by Mr Steinberg , who recently sent a package of mushrooms to the Governor ’s office , after Mr Schwarzenegger had branded Democratic proposals to raise taxes “ hallucinatory ” .
Yet the gift was not received well .
Mr Steinberg returned the sculpture to its sender with a stern note about the need to protect society ’s most vulnerable from cuts in services .
The sudden sense of humour failure appears to represent a calculated attempt to strike a chord with voters who are beginning to lose patience with the inability of successive administrations to balance the books in what is traditionally one of the most prosperous corners of the wealthiest nation on Earth .
California ’s government has for years been spending more than it can raise in taxes .
The Democrats have a slim Senate majority , allowing them to block most proposed spending cuts , but have found it virtually impossible to raise the money coming into the coffers because Californian law requires two - thirds of lawmakers to endorse tax increases .
The result has been political paralysis .
Tens of thousands of public sector workers , including vast numbers of teachers , are now facing redundancy , and many State employees are currently being forced to take an unpaid day ’s leave each fortnight .
If coffers run dry , as predicted , next month , California will be forced to start paying bills in “ registered warrants ” , a glorified IOU note .
And with that sobering thought in mind , both parties were reluctant to discuss the exchange of gifts yesterday and appeared to be seriously upset that the global news media had found out about their displays of humorous machismo .
“ We never talk about the Governor ’s private gifts , ” said a spokesman for Mr Schwarzenegger .
“ Senator Steinberg sent the Governor a gift and the Governor responded in kind .
They maintain a great relationship and will work together to fix the budget . ”
Mr Steinberg ’s spokesman meanwhile denied that he was upset about the practical joke , adding sternly : “ We ’ve got more important things on our plate right now . ”
The family man Abe Dale is having lunch with his wife and son in a restaurant , when a man kills them in front of Abe and shoots himself in the mouth .
A couple of days later , the grieving Abe misses his family and commits suicide ingesting many pills at home , but is rescued by his friend Marty Bloom and saved by the doctors .
His Near Death Experience makes him see white light in some people and to hear Electronic Voice Phenomena , i.e. , manifestations of voices of ghosts or spirits through static on electronic devices .
Soon he discovers that the white light means that the person is going to die , and Abe saves three lives including his nurse Sherry Clarke .
While watching a video recorded by his son , Abe finds that the killer had saved the lives of his wife and son three days before the murder .
He investigates the incident and finds that when you save , you must kill ; otherwise many innocents will die three days later .
Written by Claudio Carvalho , Rio de Janeiro , Brazil
Over the past decade a fierce debate has emerged amongst energy experts about whether global oil production was about to reach a peak , followed by an irreversible decline .
This event , commonly known as “ Peak Oil ” far outreaches the sole discipline of geology .
From transportation to modern agriculture , petrochemicals and even the pharmaceutical industry all of them rely on one commodity : cheap and abundant oil .
In order to sustain the needs of an ever globalized world , oil demand should double by 2050 .
3 Nonetheless , geological limitations will disrupt this improbable scenario .
In fact , a growing proportion of energy experts argue that Peak Oil is impending and warn about the extraordinary scale of the crisis .
We almost certainly are at or near Peak Oil -- Al Gore , 45th US Vice - President , Nobel Peace Prize Laureate ( June , 2004 ) 2
Oil is unique in that it is so strategic in nature …
Energy is truly fundamental to the world ’s economy .
It is the basic , fundamental building block of the world ’s economy .
It is unlike any other commodity .
-- Dick Cheney , 46th US Vice - President ( speaking as the CEO of Halliburton in 1999 ) 1
This is a guest post aimed at the person who is unaware of peak oil .
Be sure to send links to your friends !
It was written by Lionel Badal , Postgraduate Student , Department of Geography , King ’s College London .
He can be reached at blionel3 at yahoo dot fr
42 years of oil left ?
According to the 2009 BP Statistical Review , the world has precisely 42 years of oil left .
4
Those numbers come from a very simple formula , the R/ P ratio , which consists of dividing the official number of global oil reserves by the level of today ’s production .
Nevertheless , this methodology is dangerously defective on several key points as it ignores geological realities .
Oil production does not consist of a plan level of production that brutally ends one day ; it follows a bell - shaped curve .
Indeed , the important day occurs when production starts to decline , not when it ends .
As it is a non-flexible commodity , even a small deficit in oil production can lead to a major price surge .
Finally , the R/ P ratio does not acknowledge that production costs increase over the time ; the first oil fields to be developed were logically the easy ones and so the most profitable .
It is well recognized that remaining oil fields consist of either poor quality oil or remotely located fields which need high technologies and expensive investments .
Therefore , relying on the R/P ratio gives a false impression of security while the actual situation is critical .
Global oil reserves : lies and manipulations
Oil is a strategic resource ; therefore having oil is a key political and economic advantage for a state .
This is why politics interfere in the evaluation of oil reserves , especially in countries with poor accountability records ; that is , the majority of OPEC countries .
In fact , OPEC oil reserves dramatically increased during the 1980s and 1990s .
However , they have not discovered major oil fields after the 1970s .
At this juncture , the question of what lays behind these fluctuations needs to be asked .
The geologist Dr. Colin Campbell , founder of ASPO5 , explains the hidden reasons that led to these changes : “ In 1985 , Kuwait , added 50 % to its reserve .
At that time , the OPEC quota was based on the reported reserves ; the more you reported , the more you could produce ” 6 .
Fellow OPEC members who were unwilling to see the influence of Kuwait growing , simply raised their reserves soon after .
Moreover , OPEC countries continue to present their reserves as flat despite having extracted huge amounts of oil during the past twenty years .
At this point , we should not forget that oil reserves reported by these countries are not audited by independent experts .
In 2006 , Petroleum Intelligence Weekly said it had access to confidential Kuwaiti reports which stated that reserves were half the official numbers7 .
In reaction , the Kuwaiti Oil Minister stated , “ The Kuwait people are not concerned with numbers .
This is related to national security ” 8 .
In 2006 , Dr. Samsam Bakhtiari , a senior energy expert from the National Iranian Oil Company , declared that oil reserves in the Middle - East were “ about half , or even less than what the respective national governments claim ” and added “ as for Iran , the usually accepted official 132 billion barrels is almost 100 billion barrels over any realistic assay ” 9 .
In fact , importing countries are simply asked to trust OPEC nations .
Strangely , but surely , this is done by importing countries who assume these numbers are true and use them in their projections .
On a report to the US Congress on Peak Oil , the US Government Accountability Office justly noted these problematic estimations10 .
The question of oil reserves is most relevant .
As oil exporting countries have less oil in their ground , Peak Oil will arrive faster .
Oil optimists who argue Peak Oil is still decades away rely on these same erroneous data .
In addition , if importing countries assume oil reserves are abundant as they do , the crisis will be unexpected , unprepared and misunderstood ; in one word : overwhelming .
Similarly , once oil shortages occur , oil importing countries may assume that exporting countries are deliberately reducing their oil exports to harm their national interests .
Such a flawed assumption from oil importing countries is likely to have serious repercussions , and eventually lead to new oil wars .
The imminent decline of global oil production
In 2008 the International Energy Agency ( IEA ) conducted for the first time11 a detailed field - by - field analysis of global oil production and its findings are bleak .
Asked by a journalist on what the previous analysis relied on , the Chief - Economist of the IEA admitted , “ It was mainly an assumption ” 12 .
In the 2008 World Energy Outlook ( WEO ) , they have analysed about 800 fields , which account for ¾ of global reserves and more than 2/3 of global oil production13 .
They come to the conclusion that decline rates are far higher than previously thought , between 6.7 and 8.6 % a year 14 .
As result , they now estimate that to maintain the current levels of oil production by 2030 the world would need to develop and produce 45 MBD ; as said by Dr. Birol , approximately four new Saudi- Arabias15 .
Simultaneously , they have analysed all the projects that are financially sanctioned in all the countries in the world ( about 230 ) up to 2015 .
As it takes five to ten years to produce oil from a new field , they have a clear image of the coming situation .
When they add all the projects together ( if all of them see the light of the day - –unlikely with the current credit crunch 16 --) they will bring about 25 millions barrels per day17 .
However , because of the important decline rates , the world will still be short of “ at least ” 12.5 MBD before 201518 .
Asked by a journalist if this means Peak Oil , Dr. Birol answered , “ We are facing a serious threat ” 19 .
In 2009 , Merrill Lynch conducted a similar analysis and concluded that , “ the world now needed to replace an amount of oil output equivalent to Saudi Arabia ’s production every two years ” 20 .
Yet , oil production is already in an irreversible decline in at least 54 of the 65 most important producing countries and we nowadays consume three barrels of oil for a single one discovered 21 ; an unsustainable situation .
The latest annual report on geopolitical prospective from the US Joint Forces Command reached the stunning conclusion that :
“ By 2012 , surplus oil production capacity could entirely disappear , and as early as 2015 , the shortfall in output could reach nearly 10 MBD …
The implications for future conflict are ominous ... ” 22
At this pace , global oil production could decline by 50 % from its current level , as soon as 203023 .
A contested reality : by whom and why ?
For many years , Peak Oil was ignored by officials from oil companies and governmental agencies such as the IEA24 .
They negligently repeated that production was not at risk .
However , over the recent years and in light of indisputable facts , we have seen a radical change in the discourse of the IEA25 and leading oil companies such as Chevron26 and Total27 .
In a recent video interview , Chevron ’s Vice - Chairman , Peter Robertson , clearly expressed his fears :
“ You know , it ’s often times people will ask , ‘ Why in the world would Chevron be encouraging its customers to use less energy ? ’
After all , we sell energy – that ’s our product …
In many ways , a lot of us are concerned about the ability of the world ’s supply system to provide the energy that people need …
” 28
To the desolation of many , the debate has not been closed .
Indeed , a few voices continue to sponsor , actively and loudly , the vision that oil production does not face any danger .
Amongst them , we find three notorious voices , namely the CERA oil consultant , the OPEC cartel and not surprisingly in regard to its notorious poor record of scientific objectivity , the oil company , Exxon Mobil .
At this juncture , we can picture the hidden motives for Exxon Mobil to do so .
By telling the public that oil production will no longer be plentiful , the consequences for the company are numerous .
They include the danger of diversification from oil and creating a context of mistrust regarding oil companies ; all of them bad for short - term business .
Regarding the OPEC , we saw earlier how prone they were to manipulate their reserves .
We should know by now not to expect much from official OPEC statements .
The following comment from Dr. Chalabi , the former OPEC Secretary - General , gives additional information about how the cartel really works :
“ OPEC countries do not care about what might happen 20 years from now .
They care about what they get today .
Because these are politicians , they want more money , to spend rationally or not . ” 29
Furthermore , Dr. Sadad al - Huseini , former Head of Exploration and Production at the Saudi - Aramco , publicly contradicted his former bosses , by declaring that , “ oil is likely to peak at a 95 MBD plateau by 2015 ” 30 .
Besides , Dr. Shokri Ghanem , former Head of the Research Division at OPEC's Secretariat , head of the Libyan National Oil Company and a relative of OPEC ’s current Secretary General , admitted in a 2006 report published by the OPEC Secretariat :
“ All in all , most would appear to agree that peak oil output is not very far away for all of us .
It could take place sometime within the next decade or so , which in fact means that there is not much time left for a world economy to be driven largely by oil . ”
31
The Cambridge Energy Research Associates is a well - known energy consultant group and a leading opponent to Peak Oil32 .
Yet , CERA has been accused of providing a biased vision of the situation as it is “ close to the oil industry ” 33 .
The following declaration from Chris Holtom , former head of British military intelligence , currently a strategic consultant to the oil and gas industry , gives valuable information :
“ There is a pack of deceit and economy with the truth here - some wilful , some born of ignorance , or fear of " group - think " related to stock price or employment .
It needs careful and persuasive exposure of agendas , motives and possible consequences ...
Peak Oil is a potential Black Swan event , where the consequences are so great that after it we spend most of our time justifying why we did n’t anticipate it …
It is a global issue and global bodies need the clout and courage to address them . ”
34
Any viable alternative energy ?
There is no easy , present , solution to the crisis .
Alternatives to oil are still far from being a feasible replacement ; hydrogen for example would require 30 to 50 years to replace oil economies35 .
Meanwhile , the automobile industry is now planning to develop electric cars in the near future .
While the first electric cars are expected to come on line in 2010 - 12 , in order to replace 50 % of the car fleet , the world would need between 10 to 20 years 36 .
Besides , as manufacturing a single car requires at least 20 barrels of oil37 .
Once oil production starts to decline in 2011 - 201338 , it will increasingly become difficult to develop the electric car on a massive scale .
In fact , the closer we get to Peak Oil , the more difficult a massive and costly emergency plan to develop alternative energies will become .
To quote a report on Peak Oil , commissioned by the US Department of Energy , “ Previous energy transitions ( wood to coal , coal to oil , etc. ) were gradual and evolutionary ; oil peaking will be abrupt and revolutionary ” 39 .
David Fridley , a scientist at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory and a former colleague of the US Secretary of Energy , Steven Chu , told me the following :
“ My own efforts have focused on the science of alternative energy .
The deeper you go into this area , the less sanguine you become that there is any effective mitigation possible …
The bottom line is that there is no thermodynamic match for petroleum . ”
40
Industrial Civilisation at a turning point
In the following declaration , Dr. Jeremy Leggett , former member of the UK Government Renewables advisory board and one of " the key players in putting climate change on the world agenda " according to Time Magazine41 , described in 2006 how the crisis could unfold :
" The price of houses will collapse .
Stock markets will crash .
Within a short period , human wealth -- little more than a pile of paper at the best of times , even with the confidence about the future high among traders -- will shrivel .
There will be emergency summits , diplomatic initiatives , urgent exploration efforts , but the turmoil will not subside .
Thousands of companies will go bankrupt , and millions will be unemployed …
The earth has always been a dangerous place , but now it will become a tinderbox . "
42
World leaders are debating on how we should manage the current economic crisis that none of them saw coming , but they should n’t be surprised by it .
In a 2006 interview , Dr. Colin Campbell effectively forecasted the 2008 oil spike , which was to be followed by a recession and a subsequent fall in oil prices -- a scenario that unfolded exactly as he said :
“ I think we are facing an oil price shock , 100 or 200 dollars a barrel , an economic recession that cuts demand , and I will not be at all surprised if a fall in demand would make the price collapse again .
So we might be back to 20 or 30 dollars a barrel next year perhaps .
And so you have a price shock , a recession , a recovery , hits again the falling capacity limit , another price shock .
And so I think that in the next few years , we have a sequence of vicious circles and gradually the reality of the situation will filtered through .
We are on for a very volatile few years with enormous economic consequences ”
43
In fact , a former director at the IEA , who used to be the superior of Dr. Fatih Birol , told me during a discussion that , “ The current ( economic ) crisis was caused by the insufficiency of ( oil ) supply from 2007 onwards , an avatar of Peak Oil ” 44 .
Similarly , a recent study on the 2008 oil shock45 , from the economist Dr. James Hamilton – Brookings Institution - concludes that :
“ The evidence to me is persuasive that , had there been no oil shock , we would have described the U.S. economy in 2007 :Q4-2008:Q3 as growing slowly , but not in a recession . ” 46
This extract from the Energy Watch Group study on oil production provides useful additional information :
“ The world is at the beginning of a structural change of its economic system .
This change will be triggered by declining fossil fuel supplies and will influence almost all aspects of our daily life ...
The now beginning transition period probably has its own rules which are valid only during this phase .
Things might happen which we never experienced before and which we may never experience again once this transition period has ended . ” 47
We are entering a new world with completely different characteristics from the one we have been growing with , the one where boundaries were crossable .
It will be an unattractive world of “ less far , less fast , less often , and more expensive ” 48 ; a radical and unexpected evolution .
The transitory period we are entering now will be , to be sure , chaotic and fierce .
While we do n’t know cannot foretell its form completely , it might best be described as a regression .
“ The end - of - the - fossil - hydrocarbons scenario is not a doom - and - gloom picture painted by pessimistic end - of - the - world prophets , but a view of scarcity in the coming years and decades that must be taken seriously . ”
Deutsche Bank ( December , 2004 ) 49
Notes
1 Dick Cheney , “ Speech at the British Institute of Petroleum ” , ( Institute of Petroleum , Autumn 1999 ) , http://web.archive.org/web/20000414054656/http://www.petroleum.co.uk/spe...
2Al Gore , “ CNN Larry King Live ” , ( CNN , 13 June 2006 ) , http://transcripts.cnn.com/TRANSCRIPTS/0606/13/lkl.01.html
3 Marvin Odum as quoted in NPR , " Shell Sees Global Oil Demand Doubling By 2050 " , ( NPR , 27 February 2009 ) , http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=101234110&ft=1&f=1025
4 British Petroleum , “ 2009 Statistical Review : Oil Reserves Table ” , http://www.bp.com/productlanding.do?categoryId=6929&contentId=7044622
5 Association for the Study of Peak Oil and Gas , http://www.peakoil.net/
6 Colin Campbell , “ A Crude Awakening : The Oil Crash ” , ( Lava Production , 2006 ) , http://www.oilcrashmovie.com/film.html
7 Petroleum Intelligence Weekly , “ Oil Reserves Accounting : The Case of Kuwait ” , ( Energy Intelligence , 30 January 2006 ) , http://www.energyintel.com/DocumentDetail.asp?document_id=167229
8 Arab Times , “ Kuwait oil reserves secret for national security ; Shuwayib acting head of KPC ” , ( Arab Times , 13 May 2007 ) , Web Edition No:12881 , http://www.arabtimesonline.com/arabtimes/kuwait/Viewdet.asp?ID=10301&cat=a
9MoneyWeek , " Why we must take Peak Oil seriously " , ( MoneyWeek , 13 September 2006 ) , http://www.moneyweek.com/investments/commodities/why-we-must-take-peak-o...
10GAO , “ Crude Oil : Uncertainty about Future Oil Supply Makes it Important to Develop a Strategy for Addressing a Peak and Decline in Oil Production ” , ( US Government Accountability Office , Report to Congressional Requesters , February 2007 ) , http://www.gao.gov/new.items/d07283.pdf
11 George Monbiot , " When will the oil run out ? " ( The Guardian , 15 December 2008 ) , http://www.guardian.co.uk/business/2008/dec/15/oil-peak-energy-iea
12Ibid
13 Olivier Rech interviewed by the author , ( Paris : IEA HQ , 18 December 2008 ) .
14John Kemp , " Oil industry running faster just to keep up ? : John Kemp " , ( Reuters , 19 November 2008 ) , http://www.reuters.com/article/reutersComService4/idUSTRE4AI3TP20081119
15 The Times , " World needs four new Saudi Arabias , warns IEA " , ( Times Online , 12 November 2008 ) , http://business.timesonline.co.uk/tol/business/industry_sectors/natural_...
16Spencer Swartz , " OPEC Nations Delay Drilling Projects " , ( The Wall Street Journal , 10 February 2009 ) , http://online.wsj.com/article/SB123421390528464971.html
17 Fatih Birol interviewed by Andrew Evans , " Fatih Birol of the IEA talks the talk about peak oil " , ( Aceditor , January 2008 ) , http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BhXZzNaVLJw&feature=channel_page
18Ibid
19Ibid
20 Tom Arnold , " Oil output could fall by 30 m bpd by 2015 - Merrill " , ( Arabian Business , 4 February 2009 ) , http://www.arabianbusiness.com/545723-oil-output-could-fall-by-30m-bpd-b...
21 Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences , “ Statements on Oil by the Energy Committee ” , ( KVA , 14 October 2005 ) , http://www.kva.se/KVA_Root/publications/committees/energy_statements1.pdf
22USJFCOM , " Joint Operating Environment 2008 " , ( Joint Forces Command , November 2008 ) , page 17 and 19 , http://www.jfcom.mil/newslink/storyarchive/2008/JOE2008.pdf
23 Energy Watch Group , " Crude Oil - The Supply Outlook " , ( EWG , February 2008 ) , http://www.energywatchgroup.org/fileadmin/global/pdf/2008-02_EWG_Oil_Rep...
24 George Monbiot , " When will the oil run out ? " ( The Guardian , 15 December 2008 ) , http://www.guardian.co.uk/business/2008/dec/15/oil-peak-energy-iea
25 Javier Blas and Carola Hoyos , “ Oil price to bounce back with recovery , IEA warns ” , ( Financial Times , 6 November 2008 ) .
26 David J. O'Reilly , “ CEO , Chevron in their Real Issues Ad ” , ( Chevron Corporation , 12 July 2005 ) , http://www.chevron.com/documents/pdf/realissuesadtrillionbarrels.pdf
27 Carola Hoyos , " Falling oil poses threat to supplies " , ( Financial Times , 22 October 2008 ) , http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a632bf5a-a05b-11dd-80a0-000077b07658.html
28 Peter Robertson , " How Chevron Makes the Most of the Energy We Have " , ( Chevron , April 2009 ) , http://www.willyoujoinus.com/assets/downloads/media/Chevron_Becoming%20M...
29 Fadhil Chalabi , “ A Crude Awakening : The Oil Crash ” , ( Lava Production , 2006 ) , http://www.oilcrashmovie.com/film.html
30 Sadad al Husseini interviewed by Steve Andrews , " Sadad al Husseini sees peak in 2015 " , ( ASPO USA , 14 September 2005 ) , http://www.energybulletin.net/node/9498
31 Shokri Ghanem interviewed in the “ OPEC Bulletin ” , ( OPEC , 11 - 12 2006 ) , p. 60 to 63 , http://www.opec.org/library/OPEC%20Bulletin/2006/OB11122006.htm
32CERA Press Release , " Peak Oil Theory – “ World Running Out of Oil Soon ” – Is Faulty ; Could Distort Policy & Energy Debate " , ( CERA , 14 November 2006 ) , http://www.cera.com/aspx/cda/public1/news/pressReleases/pressReleaseDeta...
33 Energy Watch Group , " Peak Oil could trigger meltdown of society " , ( Press release , 22 October 2007 ) http://www.energywatchgroup.org/fileadmin/global/pdf/EWG_Press_Oilreport...
34 Email discussion with the author , 14 May 2009 .
35US National Academy of Engineering , “ The Hydrogen Economy : Opportunities , Costs , Barriers , and R&D Needs ” , ( The National Academy Press , 2004 ) .
36 R . Hirsch , R. Bezdek and R. Wendling , “ Peaking of World Oil Production : Impacts , Mitigation , & Risk Management ” , ( US Department of Energy , February 2005 ) .
http://www.netl.doe.gov/publications/others/pdf/oil_peaking_netl.pdf
37 Belfast Telegraph , " Scientists warn that oil supplies will start to run in four years ' time " , http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/world-news/scientists-warn-that-o...
38 Industry Taskforce on Peak Oil & Energy Security , “ The Oil Crunch Press Release ” , 29 October 2008 , http://peakoil.solarcentury.com/?page_id=13
39 R . Hirsch , R. Bezdek and R. Wendling , “ Peaking of World Oil Production : Impacts , Mitigation , & Risk Management ” , ( US Department of Energy , February 2005 ) , p. 64 .
http://www.netl.doe.gov/publications/others/pdf/oil_peaking_netl.pdf
40 Email discussion with the author , 11 July 2009
41Jonathon Gatehouse , " When the oil runs out " , ( Macleans , 9 February 2006 ) , http://www.macleans.ca/article.jsp?content=20060213_121197_121197
42Ibid
43 Dr . Colin Campbell as interviewed by Jonathan Holmes , " Peak Oil ? " , ( ABC , 10 July 2006 ) , http://www.abc.net.au/4corners/special_eds/20060710/default_full.htm
44 Email discussion with the author ( under the Chatham House Rule ) , 30 April 2009 .
45 James Hamilton , “ Causes and Consequences of the Oil Shock of 2007 - 08 ” , ( Brookings Institution , 23 March 2009 ) , http://www.brookings.edu/economics/bpea/~/media/Files/Programs/ES/BPEA/2...
46 Ibid , p. 40 .
47 Energy Watch Group , “ Crude Oil the Supply Outlook “ , ( EWG , October 2007 ) , p. 70 , http://www.energywatchgroup.org/fileadmin/global/pdf/EWG_Oilreport_10-20...
48 Yves Cochet , " Pétrole Apocalypse " , ( Fayard , 1 Septembre 2005 ) .
49 Deutsche Bank , “ Energy Prospects after the Petroleum Age “ , ( DB : 2 December 2004 ) , page .
10 , http://www.dbresearch.de/PROD/DBR_INTERNET_DE-PROD/PROD0000000000181487.PDF
In the near future , leftist writer Paula goes from Paris to the French town of Atlantic - Cité when she learns of the death of a former colleague and lover , Richard P . Is she there to ...
See full summary »
Israelis increasingly focus their disappointment not on Obama , but rather on his chief of staff , Rahm Emanuel .
Israelis sour on Rahm
As the Obama administration presses Israel to cease settlement expansion as part of a renewed push for a Middle East peace deal — a course of action that many Israelis have interpreted as evidence of the president ’s favoritism towards Palestinians — Israelis have increasingly focused their disappointment not on Obama , but rather on his chief of staff , Rahm Emanuel .
An observant Jew with deep ties to Israel , Emanuel is viewed as something of a native son , his rise through the ranks of American politics celebrated by Israelis who reveled in details such as his childhood summers spent in Israel and his volunteer stint during the first Gulf War in an Israeli military program for civilians .
Advertisement
When Emanuel was tapped to be Obama ’s chief of staff , a headline in the Israeli daily newspaper Haaretz kvelled “ Obama 's first pick : Israeli Rahm Emanuel as chief of staff , ” while the Jewish news service JTA went with “ Rahm Emanuel : attack dog , policy wonk , committed Jew . ”
But in a dramatic emotional shift , Israelis have become increasingly disenchanted with Emanuel , and the disappointment is especially intense on the Israeli right , which supports Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in his opposition to Obama ’s call for ceasing settlement activity .
Israelis across the political spectrum were skeptical of Obama ’s commitment to the Jewish homeland during the presidential campaign but many viewed Emanuel as a guarantor of their interests , the best hope for continuing the U.S. government ’s favorable treatment of the Jewish state .
Today , however , widespread unhappiness with their treatment at the hands of the Obama administration has led to feelings of betrayal — and Emanuel is bearing the brunt of it .
Self - hating ?
In April , a hard - line Israeli Knesset member , Yaakov Katz , wrote Emanuel accusing him of “ condescending ” to Israelis and their leaders , and in May delivered a speech from the Knesset floor in which he blasted Obama ’s demand that Israel cease settlement building .
He also invited Emanuel — whom Katz has called “ an Israeli Jew ” — to “ return to Israel ” and to stay in the settlement Katz helped create .
Later , Haaretz reported that conservative Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who has feuded with Obama , has slurred both Emanuel and fellow senior adviser David Axelrod as “ self - hating Jews . ”
A Netanyahu spokesman denied the report , but an Israeli pollster interviewed by POLITICO said Netanyahu ’s point of view is shared by many Israelis , and that resentment tends to focus more acutely on Emanuel — whose father is Israeli , and who friends and associates say maintains deep connections to the Jewish state — than Axelrod .
The hostility is not limited to the Israeli right .
Haaretz — which is regarded as a more liberal newspaper and thus more likely to give the Obama administration the benefit of the doubt — last month caricatured Emanuel as a stern - faced , whip - bearing lion - tamer prodding the United States — represented by a compliant lion with its mouth open wide and teeth bared –to chomp on an unsuspecting Netanyahu ( who appears to think the scene is part of a harmless circus trick ) .
Conservative Jerusalem - based blogger Ted Belman helped promote a protest of the administration ’s Middle East policy two weeks ago in Chicago — the hometown of Obama , Emanuel and Axelrod — billing it as the “ Rally for Israel against Rahm Emanuel and Obama 's efforts to Divide Israel and Jerusalem , ” with hardline Jerusalem Post editor Caroline Glick as the keynote speaker .
Father surprised by Israeli reaction
At the heart of the disillusionment with Emanuel is the notion that he is both pushing the administration — and providing cover for it — to demand more concessions from Israel than from its Arab neighbors .
The very existence of that belief has been a bitter pill for the Emanuel family to swallow .
The family changed its last name from “ Auerbach ” to “ Emanuel ” to honor an uncle who was killed in a clash with Arabs in pre-Israel Palestine .
Emanuel ’s own middle name is “ Israel , ” and he compiled a strong , though occasionally dovish , pro-Israel record during his three terms as a Democratic congressman .
Shortly after Obama selected Emanuel for his post , a story in the Israeli tabloid Maariv quoted his father , Benjamin Emanuel , asserting that his son " obviously … will influence the president to be pro-Israel .
Why would n't he ?
What is he , an Arab ?
He 's not going to clean the floors of the White House . "
That comment caused an outcry among Arab American groups and prompted an apology from his son .
But late last month , Benjamin Emanuel — a retired Chicago doctor who was born in Jerusalem and served in a pre-Israeli- state militant Zionist group known as the Irgun or Etzel — lashed out at Israeli treatment of his son .
" I 'm simply surprised that in Israel they jump down his throat , " he told a Haaretz reporter angrily — and in Hebrew .
" I love the country , my children are Zionists , they came to Israel every year , and I do n't know why they 're attacking Rahm .
I support Netanyahu , I was a member of the Etzel , " he is quoted as saying .
Asked about his comments , Benjamin Emanuel told a POLITICO reporter , “ I do n’t talk to journalists , I ’m sorry . ”
Rahm Emanuel ’s office did not answer questions about the Israeli perceptions , his role in crafting Middle East policy or his connections to Israel .
Instead , his spokeswoman Sarah Feinberg said in a statement , “ Dr. and Mrs. Emanuel are private citizens .
The Emanuel family would greatly appreciate it if reporters would respect their privacy and refrain from calling them at their home . ”
History of Israeli obsession
There is a long history of Israeli “ obsession with politicians and advisors to the U.S. presidents who are Jewish going back to Kissinger , ” said Mitchell Barak , a Jerusalem - based pollster who during the presidential campaign conducted several surveys showing Israelis favoring Republican John McCain over Obama .
Channeling what he said are common Israeli sentiments , Barak said “ we were proud that Rahm reached the top and we felt comfortable and secure that he was going to look after our interests .
And now we find out that that ’s not the case . ”
Citing Obama ’s call for Israel to cease building new settlements in Palestinian territory , Barak asserted Israelis think Emanuel “ is giving Obama his Kosher stamp of approval to be tough on Israel , when they thought he was going to be there to explain our position . ”
That sentiment is an unfair characterization and reflects a misunderstanding of Emanuel ’s role , said Aaron David Miller , a former State Department official who worked on Arab - Israeli peace negotiations under four presidents .
“ On matters related to Israel and Middle East policy , Rahm will have a very strong voice , but he ’s not the power behind the throne on foreign policy , ” said Miller , who worked with Emanuel during the Clinton administration and is now a scholar at the Woodrow Wilson Center .
“ The whole thing is inside Jewish baseball , and it ’s not healthy .
It ’s symptomatic of a real dysfunction in the way some Israelis look at the world and look at America . ”
Miller , who is also Jewish , is familiar with some of the pressures confronting Emanuel .
In 1989 , as a lead peace negotiator for then - Secretary of State James Baker , he was publicly lambasted in Israel along with two other Jewish diplomats as being “ self - hating Jews . ”
“ This is different , though — it ’s a complete misreading of Rahm .
Rahm is a tough , pragmatic guy who has a real commitment to the security of Israel .
His credentials on that are above reproach , ” Miller said .
He attributed the Israeli scrutiny of Emanuel to widespread Israeli mistrust of Obama , differences between the two nations on how aggressively to address the Iranian nuclear threat , the president ’s call for Israel to cease settlement growth and Netanyahu ’s opposition to that call , combined with Emanuel ’s Clinton - era experience with Netanyahu , whose aides reportedly first grew wary of Emanuel during their talks with the Palestinians at Wye Plantation in 1998 — in the midst of Netanyahu ’s first stint as prime minister .
“ All that has a created a perfect storm of suspicion — which has to be addressed if the administration is going to have success in the peace process — and Rahm seems to have emerged as the focal point , ” Miller said .
Liaison to Israel , Jews ?
Though presidential chiefs of staff typically have played only peripheral foreign policy roles , Emanuel is often viewed as something of a liaison between the administration and the Jewish community when it comes to Israel .
Emanuel was one of only a few aides —
Axelrod was another — to attend an initially secret , closed - door meeting in the White House ’s Roosevelt Room between Obama and American Jewish leaders meant to allay their growing concerns about his administration ’s Israel policy .
One report of the meeting quoted Obama saying he relies on Emanuel to explain the complicated political nuances of settlement issues .
Separate Israeli media reports have asserted that Emanuel , in a private conversation with an unnamed American Jewish leader in April and one with AIPAC donors in May suggested that U.S. efforts to thwart Iran ’s nuclear ambitions were contingent upon Israel ’s willingness to make concessions in peace negotiations with Palestinians .
A White House aide suggested the reports were inaccurate , pointing to a post refuting them by staunchly pro-Israel blogger Jeffrey Goldberg , who had previously professed that he ’s “ known Rahm for a long time ” and that his selection for the post “ makes the entire Does Obama secretly hate Israel ? ’ conversation seem a bit ridiculous . ”
In the White House - endorsed post , Goldberg wrote “ I have it on good authority that Rahm told the [ AIPAC ] audience that Obama believes that it will be easier to enlist Arab allies in the confrontation with Iran if visible progress is made on the Palestinian front . ”
That ’s roughly the message that Obama delivered to the Jewish leaders at last month ’s Roosevelt Room meeting , said Alan Solow , a longtime Obama ally from Chicago who attended the meeting as chairman of the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations .
Solow , who knows Emanuel from Chicago political circles , says he does not believe Emanuel will be particularly involved in crafting or advancing the administration ’s Middle East policies .
Caricatures predominate
The Israeli media ’s characterizations of Emanuel ’s role contain “ a lot of speculation and opinion , ” he cautioned .
“ That does n’t always mean that it ’s factually - based or accurate . ”
Nonetheless , Solow conceded that Obama has a lot of work to do in winning over Israelis if he is to make any headway in the peace process , and he pointed to a June poll by the conservative Jerusalem Post newspaper that found only six percent of Jewish Israelis consider Obama ’s views to be “ pro-Israel . ”
“ I would doubt that Rahm would be the front person in making outreach to the Israeli citizenry , ” Solow said , adding he and other American Jewish leaders urged Obama to appeal directly to Israelis much like he did to Muslims in his June address in Cairo .
Natasha Mozgovaya , Haaretz ’s chief U.S. correspondent , said “ Israel feels pretty vulnerable now ” partly because of American pressure , and she conceded that Israelis may have a skewed impression of how much responsibility Emanuel bears for that pressure .
“ Some of them probably get the feeling that 's all he does — plotting all day against Netanyahu 's government , ” she said , explaining that her story late last month quoting Benjamin Emanuel puzzling over the Israeli backlash toward his son was an attempt “ to try to broaden this perspective a bit ” and get beyond the caricature of the White House chief of staff .
Most of the feedback after it ran from Israelis acknowledged a “ better understanding of the complexity of this person , ” Mozgovaya said .
But , she added , some also blasted him as a " Kapo Jew " — the name for Jewish police officers in Nazi concentration camps .
“ People wrote that ‘ if he was n’t a Jew , he would be called an anti-Semite . ’
So it 's very personal . ”
By Dian L. Chu , Economic Forecasts & Opinions
Gold finally made its run above the magical $ 1,000 mark on Tuesday , September 8th , 2009 breaking free from a two - month trading range between $ 930 and $ 970 an ounce .
For the third time , gold soared past the $ 1,000 level , causing the market to eye the precious metal 's record of $ 1,033.90 reached in March 2008 .
While Citigroup is predicting a $ 2,000 scenario by next year due to continuing dollar weakness , a number of bullish factors , both near and long term , have converged to boost gold .
Technical Rally
Gold rallied to $ 997.20 an ounce last week after an earlier slide in stock markets pushed it through key technical resistance levels of $ 962 - $ 976 triggering buy orders ( Fig. 1 ) .
Currently , the $ 1000 - $ 1035 is a technical pivot point for gold .
In dollar terms , gold broke the 1,000 resistance , with the next hurdle of February ’s peak of $ 1,005 followed by the March 2008 record of $ 1,035 .
In euro and sterling terms , spot bullion broke above its 100 and 200 - day moving averages , both considered as buying signals .
China Effect
China has been increasingly vocal about their concern for the U.S. dollar and the U.S. bailout policies as of late , and has explicitly called for replacing the U.S. dollar as the world 's reserve currency in favor of Special Drawing Rights ( SDRs ) from the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) .
Beijing followed up that rhetoric by announcing their intention to purchase up to $ 50 billion in SDRs from the IMF .
Russia and India have likewise indicated an interest in purchasing SDR - denominated IMF bonds , putting more pressure on the dollar .
Beijing also has been actively seeking to diversify its $ 2 trillion stockpile of foreign - exchange reserves into other assets , especially commodities .
According to an April 2009 report , China has boosted its gold reserves to 1,054 metric tons , up about 76 % since 2003 .
The increase makes China the world 's fifth - largest holder of gold .
Last year China ranked as the world 's largest gold producer with 12.2 % of world output , equivalent to 288 metric tons .
Another news report suggests that the Chinese government is pushing the general public into buying gold and silver bullion , which could have a dramatic effect on the markets
From all indications , China has emerged as the driving force in the global gold market and will likely buy whenever there is a price dip , putting a floor under any correction .
However , do n’t expect China to bid the prices too high , as Beijing is also cautious not to “ over - stimulate ” markets .
Inflation / Dollar Hedge
Gold has attracted many investors since the collapse of Lehman Brothers last year .
Growing investor concerns that the sharp rise in major country debt levels and aggressive quantitative easing will impact sovereign ratings , currency values and potentially cause inflation to rise sharply appears to be causing investors to raise their holdings of hard assets .
The agreement last week by the G20 to keep the economic stimulus flowing until the global recovery was well entrenched led to rising speculation across markets regarding central banks ’ exit strategies , as well as dollar weakness .
Hedge funds have bought heavily into gold as a bet against the ability of central banks to stimulate economic growth without triggering inflation .
Risk Aversion
Asset - diversification demand for gold and other precious metals by nervous investors amid unstable equities markets has contributed to gold 's latest rally .
Historically , gold has an inherent inverse relationship with the U.S dollar as well as equity markets ( Fig. 3 ) .
Gold has tripled in value over the last seven years , vastly outperforming equities , and is now benefiting from uncertainty over the strength of the economic recovery .
Investors are buying gold as a diversification from risk , while those who believe it is sustainable choose the metal as an inflation hedge .
Global monetary authorities have long held gold in their reserves for economic security in addition to asset diversification .
Emerging sovereign - wealth funds are buying gold as well due to volatility in their economic and / or political environment .
When these sovereign - wealth funds are not actively purchasing gold they are at least reconsidering the level of gold in their reserves .
Supply & Demand
Distrust of any paper investment due to the global economic crisis has pushed up gold demand when global gold production is falling ( Fig. 2 ) .
According to the World Gold Council 's Gold Demand Trends report for the second quarter of 2009 , investment demand for gold rose 46 % from earlier in the year but was down by 9 % year - over - year .
Demand for gold exchange - traded products also rose with a total net inflow of 1.9 metric tons for June 2009 , compared with net outflows of 38.1 metric tons a month prior .
Fundamentally , lack of exploration expenditure in the 1990s , coupled with the inherent delays between discovery and production mean that the gold supply will remain inelastic and is likely to reduce slowly over the coming few years .
To Hong Kong , with Gold
Hong Kong is repatriating its physical gold reserves from London to high - security vaults at home , and it is inviting the region 's central banks to store their bullion there .
The move raises a potential price - settlement hub in Asia to rival the New York and London daily spot - price fixes .
The Hong Kong Monetary Authority is also targeting a new gold bullion ETF using the new vault as a repository , which would remove yet more physical supply from the market .
De-hedging by Barrick Gold
Citing a bullish outlook for gold , Barrick Gold ( ABX ) indicated that it will eliminate all of its gold hedges and raise about $ 3.5 billion in a share offering to help pay for the move , giving the company full exposure to changes in the precious metal 's market price .
Barrick 's dehedging & buying since the end of the second quarter reportedly had been a major contributor to the nearly $ 100 rise in the price of gold over that period .
To investors , this move spells a very bullish golden outlook from the world ’s largest gold producer .
According to an August 2009 analysis by Société Générale , the majority of the global hedge book is still under the control of two main players , Barrick Gold ( ABX ) and AngloGold Ashanti ( AU ) .
Thus , there remains significant scope for the two companies to act as a swing factor in the world ’s gold market .
Seasonal & Regional Effects
September is historically a strong month for gold , partly because it precedes the wedding season in India , when jewelry demand typically picks up .
Although jewelry demand for gold sank to a five - and - a - half - year low in the second quarter of 2009 , gold is still considered the best possible protection against upheaval , both political and economic in much of Asia , the Middle East , and the Indian subcontinent .
Gold Rush to Continue ?
Even with resurging investment demand , gold 's recent rally has been largely technical , amid weakening physical demand .
Nevertheless , China , inflation / dollar hedge , risk aversion and supply / demand are the main longer term bullish factors underpinning gold prices .
Dollar movements and external economic factors will continue to greatly influence precious metals ' prices .
While a resurgence of inflation fears would ultimately skyrocket gold prices , it is not a likely scenario in the near - term , as we are still pretty much in the deflationary cycle .
Technically , if gold breaks the $ 1,035 point , expect to see a lot of new funds inflow and short covering bidding prices even higher .
However , if the yellow metal fails to break higher , there could be a sell - off from profit taking and / or panic .
Fundamentally , a sustained rally in the gold price beyond $ 1,000 remains doubtful , as commodity prices in general are overbought , and there could be room for a correction .
Therefore , from all the factors examined so far , gold is likely to remain range - bound around $ 900 ’s to $ 1,000 ’s in the near - term , while markets and the global economy stabilize .
Sector Strategy
As discussed , since gold prices have a virtual floor built in , buying on the dip at around $ 940 price range should be a good strategy for the physical futures market .
To get the upside on gold with less risk and volatility , equity investors could focus on gold mining companies such as Freeport - McMoRan Copper & Gold ( FCX ) and NovaGold Resources ( NG ) with a favorable gold production cost structure .
Jaguar Mining Inc. ( JAG ) , one of the very few unhedged miners , could be worthy of a look as well .
For new gold ETF investors , ETFs like the SPDR Gold Trust ( GLD ) and Market Vectors Gold Miners ( GDX ) offer good inflation protection .
Investors already own gold related holdings could consider diversifying to precious metals ETFs such as PowerShares DB Precious Metals Fund ( DBP ) or broad commodity ETFs like DB Commodity Index ( DBC ) .
Spirit Finishes Pre-Winter Drives - 02.11.10
NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit recorded this fisheye view with its rear hazard - avoidance camera after completing a drive during the 2,169th Martian day , or sol , of Spirit 's mission on Mars ( Feb. 8 , 2010 ) .
Image credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech
› Full image and caption
NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit is now parked for the winter .
The rover team is commanding Spirit this week to make additional preparations for the Mars southern hemisphere winter season .
The team does not plan further motion of the wheels until spring comes to Spirit 's location beside the western edge of a low plateau called Home Plate .
On Sol 2169 ( Feb. 8 , 2010 ) , the rover 's last drive before winter changed the angles of its suspension system , but it did not produce a hoped - for improvement to the overall tilt of the solar array for catching winter sunshine .
Drives since Sol 2145 ( Jan. 15 , 2010 ) moved Spirit 34 centimeters ( 13 inches ) south - southeastward .
However , a counterclockwise yawing of the rover during the drives prevented it from reducing its southerly tilt .
Spirit will spend the coming winter tilted 9 degrees toward the south , an unfavorable attitude for the solar panels to catch rays from the sun in the northern sky .
Spirit 's parking positions for its previous three Martian winters tilted northward .
Engineers anticipate that , due to the unfavorable tilt for this fourth winter , Spirit will be out of communication with Earth for several months .
Spirit may enter a low - power hibernation mode within a few weeks , shutting down almost all functions except keeping a master clock running and checking its power status periodically until it has enough power to reawaken .
It may go in and out of this mode a few times at the beginning and at the end of an extended hibernation period .
This week the rover team is uploading schedules to Spirit for when to communicate with Earth or with the orbiting Mars Odyssey during the rest of this year and into 2011 .
Spirit will use these schedules whenever it has adequate power to wake up .
Spirit will take a set of " before " images of surroundings from the parked position this week , for comparison with images in the Martian spring to study effects of wind .
Images toward the south will also aid preparations for possible future drives , although , with only four of its six wheels still working , the rover is not expected to move farther than short repositioning drives .
Other preparations for winter will include putting the robotic arm into a position for studies of atmospheric composition when power is available and changing the stow positions of the high - gain antenna and panoramic camera to minimize shadowing of the solar panels .
Spirit is more than six years into a mission originally planned for three months on Mars .
Its twin , Opportunity , is exploring an area halfway around the planet and closer to the equator , where that rover does not need to park for the winter .
Now a Stationary Research Platform , NASA 's Mars Rover Spirit Starts a New Chapter in Red Planet Scientific Studies - 01.26.10
This view from the front hazard - avoidance camera on NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit shows the position of Spirit 's front wheels following a backward drive during the 2,154th Martian day , or sol , of the rover 's mission on Mars ( Jan. 23 , 2010 ) .
The view is toward the north .
Image credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech
WASHINGTON --
After six years of unprecedented exploration of the Red Planet , NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit no longer will be a fully mobile robot .
NASA has designated the once - roving scientific explorer a stationary science platform after efforts during the past several months to free it from a sand trap have been unsuccessful .
The venerable robot's primary task in the next few weeks will be to position itself to combat the severe Martian winter .
If Spirit survives , it will continue conducting significant new science from its final location .
The rover 's mission could continue for several months to years .
" Spirit is not dead ; it has just entered another phase of its long life , " said Doug McCuistion , director of the Mars Exploration Program at NASA Headquarters in Washington .
" We told the world last year that attempts to set the beloved robot free may not be successful .
It looks like Spirit 's current location on Mars will be its final resting place . "
Ten months ago , as Spirit was driving south beside the western edge of a low plateau called Home Plate , its wheels broke through a crusty surface and churned into soft sand hidden underneath .
After Spirit became embedded , the rover team crafted plans for trying to get the six - wheeled vehicle free using its five functioning wheels – the sixth wheel quit working in 2006 , limiting Spirit 's mobility .
The planning included experiments with a test rover in a sandbox at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif. , plus analysis , modeling and reviews .
In November , another wheel quit working , making a difficult situation even worse .
Recent drives have yielded the best results since Spirit became embedded .
However , the coming winter mandates a change in strategy .
It is mid-autumn at the solar - powered robot's home on Mars .
Winter will begin in May .
Solar energy is declining and expected to become insufficient to power further driving by mid-February .
The rover team plans to use those remaining potential drives for improving the rover 's tilt .
Spirit currently tilts slightly toward the south .
The winter sun stays in the northern sky , so decreasing the southward tilt would boost the amount of sunshine on the rover 's solar panels .
" We need to lift the rear of the rover , or the left side of the rover , or both , " said Ashley Stroupe , a rover driver at JPL .
" Lifting the rear wheels out of their ruts by driving backward and slightly uphill will help .
If necessary , we can try to lower the front right of the rover by attempting to drop the right - front wheel into a rut or dig it into a hole . "
At its current angle , Spirit probably would not have enough power to keep communicating with Earth through the Martian winter .
Even a few degrees of improvement in tilt might make enough difference to enable communication every few days .
" Getting through the winter will all come down to temperature and how cold the rover electronics will get , " said John Callas , project manager at JPL for Spirit and its twin rover , Opportunity .
" Every bit of energy produced by Spirit 's solar arrays will go into keeping the rover 's critical electronics warm , either by having the electronics on or by turning on essential heaters . "
Even in a stationary state , Spirit continues scientific research .
" There 's a class of science we can do only with a stationary vehicle that we had put off during the years of driving , " said Steve Squyres , a researcher at Cornell University and principal investigator for Spirit and Opportunity .
" Degraded mobility does not mean the mission ends abruptly .
Instead , it lets us transition to stationary science . "
One stationary experiment Spirit has begun studies tiny wobbles in the rotation of Mars to gain insight about the planet 's core .
This requires months of radio - tracking the motion of a point on the surface of Mars to calculate long - term motion with an accuracy of a few inches .
" If the final scientific feather in Spirit 's cap is determining whether the core of Mars is liquid or solid , that would be wonderful -- it 's so different from the other knowledge we 've gained from Spirit , " said Squyres .
Tools on Spirit 's robotic arm can study variations in the composition of nearby soil , which has been affected by water .
Stationary science also includes watching how wind moves soil particles and monitoring the Martian atmosphere .
Spirit and Opportunity landed on Mars in January 2004 .
They have been exploring for six years , far surpassing their original 90 - day mission .
Opportunity currently is driving toward a large crater called Endeavor and continues to make scientific discoveries .
It has driven approximately 12 miles and returned more than 133,000 images .
JPL manages the rovers for NASA 's Science Mission Directorate in Washington .
For more information about Spirit and Opportunity , visit : http://www.nasa.gov/rovers .
Spirit Switches to Backward Drives - 01.20.10
This two - frame animation aids evaluation of NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit during a drive on the rover 's 2,147th Martian day , or sol ( Jan. 16 , 2010 ) .
Image credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech
› Full image and caption
The rover team has begun driving Spirit backward as next technique for attempting to extricate the rover from the sand trap where it is embedded .
The first two backward drives produced about 6.5 centimeters ( 2.6 inches ) of horizontal motion and lifted the rover slightly .
Spirit performed the first backwards drive ( toward the south ) on Sol 2045 ( Jan. 14 , 2010 ) .
Until then , all drives since extrication attempts began two months earlier had been with forward driving , with Spirit facing northward .
The rover first entered its present location driving backward in April 2009 .
The backward driving in recent days includes the additional technique of steering the wheels side - to - side before performing each step .
The hypothesis for the wheel steering is two - fold .
The process clears out material in front of the wheel and allows material to slough off the face of the wheel trench and provide traction under the wheel .
Also , the flat surface of the wheel 's side " kicks " against loose material , like a swimmer 's frog kick or breast stroke , to provide some push .
This Sol 2045 drive included enough wheel rotations to move the rover backward about 30 meters ( 98 feet ) in six steps of 5 meters ( 16 feet ) each , if the rover were in a situation with good traction .
However , as Spirit is in a sand trap , the drive moved the rover backward a total of just over 3 centimeters ( 1.2 inches ) and raised it in altitude just over 1 centimeter ( 0.4 inch ) .
This is the first time the rover has climbed since extrication attempts began .
Northerly tilt also improved by just over a degree .
The explanation here is that the rover 's rear wheels are climbing , raising the back of the rover .
Images from the rear hazard avoidance camera confirm this .
A tilt toward the north would be favorable for energy production in the coming Martian winter , as it would gain more sunshine on the solar array .
A second backward drive was commanded on Sol 2047 ( Jan. 16 , 2010 ) .
It was also six steps of 5 meters backward with the steering " frog kicks . "
The rover moved about 3.5 centimeters ( 1.4 inches ) backward and climbed 0.3 centimeters ( 0.1 inch ) .
However , this time the northerly tilt deteriorated by over a degree , undoing the prior drive 's improvement .
The explanation here is that the rover yawed counterclockwise , swinging the angled solar arrays away from north .
But the rear wheels continued to climb , suggesting that the middle wheels are gaining traction .
The rover is now about 3.5 centimeters ( 1.4 inches ) south of the point where it started extrication two months ago , meaning the backward driving has already covered all of the distance achieved with forward driving and then some .
Spirit is still down about 3 centimeters ( 1.2 inches ) in altitude since extrication started .
It is important to remember that the right - rear wheel is still non-functional , along with the right - front wheel .
On Sol 2050 ( Jan. 19 , 2010 ) , Spirit was commanded to drive further backwards .
Partway through the drive , the rover 's left middle wheel stalled .
Activities planned for coming sols include getting more diagnostic information about that wheel stall .
Even with four working wheels , Spirit would have a very difficult path to extrication .
And the rover needs a much better northerly tilt to assure winter survival .
As for other techniques to consider for extrication , the rover team has examined the two options that would use the robotic arm : pushing with it and re-sculpting the terrain by the left - front wheel .
The assessment of pushing with the arm reveals that only about 30 newtons of lateral force could be achieved , while a minimum of several hundreds of newtons would be needed to move the rover .
Further , such a technique risks damaging the arm and preventing its use for high - priority science from a stationary rover .
The other technique of re-sculpting the terrain and perhaps pushing a rock in front of or behind the left - front wheel is also assessed to be of little to no help and , again , risks the arm .
There is also a large risk of accidentally pushing the rock into the open wheel and jamming .
Just a Few More Approaches to Try for Extrication - 01.13.10
An artist 's concept portrays a NASA Mars Exploration Rover on the surface of Mars .
Image credit : NASA / JPL / Cornell University
› Larger image
The list of remaining maneuvers being considered for extricating Spirit is becoming shorter .
Results are being analyzed Wednesday , Jan. 13 , from a drive on Sol 2143 ( Jan. 12 , 2010 ) using intentionally very slow rotation of the wheels .
Earlier drives in the past two weeks using wheel wiggles and slow wheel rotation produced only negligible progress toward extricating Spirit .
The right - front wheel has not rotated usefully since Sol 2117 ( Dec. 16 , 2009 ) .
With the right - rear wheel also inoperable since Sol 2099 ( Nov. 28 , 2009 ) , Spirit now drives with only four wheels .
Pending results of the latest drive , the rover team is developing plans for their final few attempts , such as driving backwards and using Spirit 's robotic arm to sculpt the ground directly in front of the left - front wheel , the only working wheel the arm can reach .
Such activities may take several sols to implement , but time is getting short as winter approaches and the team needs to focus on Spirit 's winter survival .
The amount of energy that Spirit has each day is declining as autumn days shorten on southern Mars .
If NASA does determine that the rover will not be able to get away from its current location , some maneuvers to improve the tilt toward the winter sun might be attempted .
Right - Front and Right - Rear Wheels Sit Out Latest Drive - 12.22.09
An artist 's concept portrays a NASA Mars Exploration Rover on the surface of Mars .
Image credit : NASA / JPL / Cornell University
› Larger image
Spirit 's drive on Sol 2120 ( Dec. 19 , 2009 ) included commands for using all six wheels .
However , the right - front wheel rotated less than 2 degrees and the right - rear wheel did not rotate at all .
The other four wheels completed enough rotations to drive about 10 meters ( 33 feet ) , but produced no measurable forward motion by the rover .
The rover team plans to command further driving this week while continuing to assess the possibility of getting more motion from the right - front wheel .
Right - Front Wheel Rotations
This three - frame animation aids evaluation of performance of the right - front wheel on NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit during a drive on the rover 's 2,117th Martian day , or sol ( Dec. 16 , 2009 ) .
Image credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech
› Full image and caption
Spirit 's right - front wheel , which had stopped operating in March 2006 , revolved with apparently normal motion during the first three of four driving segments on Sol 2117 ( Wednesday , Dec. 16 ) but stopped early in the fourth segment of the drive .
The rover 's right - rear wheel , which stalled nearly three weeks ago , remained immobile during the entire Sol 2117 drive .
The other four wheels all drove forward in this part of the continuing attempt to extricate Spirit from the sand trap where it is embedded .
The sol 's total commanded motion was 10 meters ( 33 feet ) worth of wheel rotations .
The resulting movement of the rover was about 2 millimeters ( 0.08 inch ) forward and 4 millimeters ( 0.16 inch ) downward .
That ratio of forward to downward is well below what would be necessary over longer distance for extrication .
Part of the downward motion on Sol 2117 resulted from the right - front wheel digging in as it rotated about 10 times .
Engineers are analyzing results from the Sol 2117 drive and from electrical tests conducted prior to the drive .
Movement of the right - front wheel for about 3.5 minutes was a surprise , despite an indication from an electrical - resistance test on Sol 2113 ( Saturday , Dec. 12 ) that some motion might be possible by the long - disused wheel .
It is not clear whether the wheel will work again , since it stopped during the final drive segment .
It is also not clear whether extrication from the sand trap would be possible even with an operable right - front wheel .
The drive conducted on Sol 2117 had been planned for one sol earlier , but was delayed after analysis of the Sol 2113 test led to discovery of a new electrical issue on Spirit .
Engineers learned that a persistent voltage now exists between the rover electric ground and the rover chassis where no voltage should exist .
This condition might be related to problems with the right - rear wheel .
Spirit ran diagnostic tests related to this grounding issue on Sol 2117 prior to driving and during the drive .
The single - point ground showed a sustained minus 5 volts that increased to minus 25 volts whenever any of the six wheel - driving motors or four wheel - steering motors were powered .
This suggests the unusual electrical behavior is associated with the rover motor controller board since the behavior is seen with all 10 motors associated with that electronics board .
The rover has other motors not related to the wheels , but the persistent voltage has not been associated with any of those .
The plan ahead is to perform another set of low - voltage tests on the three right - side wheels and then command another four - step forward drive .
This drive would not use the right - front wheel in conjunction with the others , but that wheel would be driven briefly by itself after each step to gain more information about its possible usefulness .
Slight Movement by Spirit's Right - Front Wheel , Sol 2113
This blink comparison aids evaluation of a test of the right - front wheel of NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit during the rover 's 2,113th Martian day , or sol ( Dec. 12 , 2009 ) .
Image credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech
› Full image and caption
Unexpected Wheel - Test Results
Diagnostic tests were run on Spirit 's right - rear wheel and right - front wheel on Sol 2113 ( Dec. 12 , 2009 ) .
The right - rear wheel , which stalled during a drive two weeks earlier , continued to show no motion in the latest tests and exhibited very high resistance in the motor winding .
The right - front wheel , which stopped operating on Sol 779 ( March 13 , 2006 ) , surprised engineers by indicating normal resistance and turning slightly during a resistance test for that wheel .
Small motion is expected during an electrical resistance test for an operating actuator , but the right - front actuator was expected to be non-operational .
The right - front wheel was last checked just after its apparent failure in 2006 and at that time indicated an open circuit .
Although no clear theory for failure had been established , the failure was generally regarded as permanent .
It is important to remember that the Sol 2113 test of the right - front wheel was only a rotor resistance test , and no conclusions can be drawn at this point without further testing .
The plan for Spirit on Sol 2116 ( Dec. 15 ) is to command a drive .
This drive will further investigate functionality of the right - front and right - rear wheels .
The results are expected Wednesday .
Rear Wheel Trouble Continues - 12.10.09
An artist 's concept portrays a NASA Mars Exploration Rover on the surface of Mars .
Image credit : NASA / JPL / Cornell University
› Larger image
Results of diagnostic tests on Spirit 's right - rear wheel on Sol 2109 ( Dec. 8 , 2009 ) continue to indicate a troubled wheel , which may leave the rover with only four operable wheels .
The Sol 2109 plan included a check of the grind motor of Spirit 's rock abrasion tool ( RAT ) because it shares the same motor controller as the right - rear wheel .
It also included rotor resistance tests on the right - rear motor at three temperatures using opposite voltage polarity from earlier tests , backward and forward commanded motion of the right - rear wheel , and a check of rotor resistance on all other operating wheels .
The RAT motor appears okay , although a more exhaustive test will be tried later .
The right - rear wheel rotor resistance tests continue to show very elevated resistance , although not as high as in previous tests , and exhibiting a curious voltage - dependent effect .
No motion of the right - rear wheel occurred during the backward commanded motion .
The forward motion was not executed since the initial backward motion did not occur .
The rotor resistances on all the other operating wheels are nominal .
The plan ahead , still being developed , will likely include more rotor resistance tests , an attempt to apply higher voltage to the right - rear wheel to see if any movement will occur , and a check of the right - front wheel to confirm its status and to see if it may offer insight into the right - rear wheel 's condition .
Further ahead , steering tests will be considered to explore an external jam as a possible explanation .
Concurrent with this , the project is exploring whether any meaningful rover motion would be possible with only four operable wheels .
Spirit lost the use of its right front wheel in 2006 .
Because of the current rover tilt , the environmental conditions and dust accumulation on the solar arrays , Spirit is at risk of inadequate power for surviving through the next southern Mars winter , which reaches solstice on May 13 , 2010 .
Even if extrication is not possible , some limited rover motion may be able to improve rover tilt and increase the chance of winter survival .
Further Tests Designed for Rover 's Right - Rear Wheel - 12.07.09
An artist 's concept portrays a NASA Mars Exploration Rover on the surface of Mars .
Image credit : NASA / JPL / Cornell University
› Larger image
A series of diagnostic tests on Spirit 's right - rear wheel on sols 2104 and 2105 ( Dec. 3 and 4 ) investigated stalls that occurred on Sol 2099 ( Nov. 28 ) and earlier .
The rover team cannot draw any conclusions at this point , but the results are not encouraging , and further tests are planned .
The recent tests included rotor - resistance tests at three temperatures and a one - radian ( about 57 degrees ) forward motion test .
The resistance tests indicate anomalously high resistance in the motor winding at all three temperatures .
However , a curious transition from anomalously low resistance to high resistance was observed very briefly on the very first resistance test .
The resistance remained high for the balance of all the testing .
Control measurements on the left - rear wheel showed normal resistance for that actuator motor .
For the forward wheel motion test , the right - rear wheel stalled immediately and did not produce any motion .
The plan ahead is to explore a set of hypotheses : possible motor failure , possible internal gearbox jam , possible external jam ( e.g. , a rock in the wheel ) .
Commands being developed for Spirit 's activities on sols 2109 and 2110 ( Tuesday and Wednesday , Dec. 8 and 9 ) will include more diagnostics to explore these hypotheses .
Little Movement in Spirit's Sol 2099 Drive - 12.01.09
This blink comparison aids evaluation of a drive by NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit during the rover 's 2,099th Martian day , or sol ( Nov. 28 , 2009 ) .
Image credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech
› Full image and caption
Another Stall of Right - Rear Wheel Ends Drive Spirit 's right - rear wheel stalled again on Sol 2099 ( Nov. 28 , 2009 ) during the first step of a two - step extrication maneuver .
This stall is different in some characteristics from the stall on Sol 2092 ( Nov. 21 ) .
The Sol 2099 stall occurred more quickly and the inferred rotor resistance was elevated at the end of the stall .
Investigation of past stall events along with these characteristics suggest that this stall might not be result of the terrain , but might be internal to the right - rear wheel actuator .
Rover project engineers are developing a series of diagnostics to explore the actuator health and to isolate potential terrain interactions .
These diagnostics are not likely to be ready before Wednesday .
Plans for future driving will depend on the results of the diagnostic tests .
Before the Sol 2099 drive ended , Spirit completed 1.4 meters of wheel spin and the rover 's center moved 0.5 millimeters ( 0.02 inch ) forward , 0.25 millimeters ( 0.01 inch ) to the left and 0.5 millimeters ( 0.02 inch ) downward .
Since Spirit began extrication on Sol 2088 , the rover has performed 9.5 meters ( 31 feet ) of wheel spin and the rover 's center , in total , has moved 16 millimeters ( 0.63 inch ) forward , 10 millimeters ( 0.39 inch ) to the left and 5 millimeters ( 0.20 inch ) downward .
Movement from Spirit's Third Extrication Drive - 11.23.09
This view from the navigation camera near the top of the mast on NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit shows the tracks left by the rover as it drove southward and backward , dragging its inoperable right - front wheel , to the location where the rover broke through a crust in April 2009 and became embedded in soft sand .
Image credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech
› Full image and caption
No Wheel Stall in Diagnostic Drive On Sol 2095 ( Tuesday , Nov. 24 ) , Spirit performed a set of diagnostic actions related to a stall of the right - rear wheel on the previous drive , three days earlier .
The diagnostics showed a fully functioning wheel free of obstruction .
The rover was commanded forward with 1.5 meters ( 4.9 feet ) of wheel spin .
The rover moved 2.1 millimeters ( 0.08 inch ) forward , 1.1 millimeters ( 0.04 inch ) to the left , and 0.3 millimeters ( 0.01 inch ) down .
The cumulative results from Sols 2088 to 2095 ( Nov. 17 to 24 ) are 8.1 meters ( 27 feet ) of commanded motion , 15.7 millimeters ( 0.6 inch ) of forward progress , 9.9 millimeters ( 0.4 inch ) of movement to the left , and 4.8 millimeters ( 0.2 inch ) of sinkage .
The plan for a drive during the long holiday weekend is another two - step drive , with each step 2.5 meters ( 8.2 feet ) of commanded wheel spin .
All wheels will be straight and run at the same speed .
Results of this commanded drive will be analyzed Monday , Nov. 30 .
Movement from Spirit's Third Extrication Drive - 11.23.09
This blink comparison aids evaluation of a drive by NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit during the rover 's 2,092nd Martian day , or sol ( Nov. 21 , 2009 ) .
Image Credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech
› Full image and caption
Third Extrication Drive Ends With Wheel Stall Spirit experienced a wheel stall with the right - rear wheel during the second step of a two - step drive on Sol 2092 ( Saturday , Nov. 21 ) .
This is not the same wheel that stalled on Sol 1899 ( May 6 ) , the left - middle wheel .
On Sol 2092 , the right - rear wheel did not experience a hard stall like what was seen on Sol 1899 .
Instead , it stalled because the wheel 's progress fell behind the expected rotation rate .
The rover had completed about 4 meters ( 13 feet ) of commanded wheel spin before the stall terminated the drive .
The center of the rover moved about 4 millimeters ( 0.2 inch ) forward , 3 millimeters ( 0.1 inch ) to the left and about 3 millimeters ( 0.1 inch ) down .
The rover suspension stayed within the tighter limits set for the drive , and there was only a fractional change in rover tilt .
The plan ahead for today , Nov. 23 , is to sequence a set of diagnostics to explore the right rear wheel stall .
The diagnostics will include a rotor resistance test , a possible steering test , a small backward rotation of just the right - rear wheel and a short ( about 1 meter , or 3 feet ) forward commanded motion of the rover .
Resumption of the extrication driving would be no sooner than Wednesday .
Team Sets Plan for Third Extrication Drive - 11.20.09
This blink comparison documents very slight forward movement of NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit during a drive on the rover 's 2,090th Martian day , or sol ( Nov. 19 , 2009 ) .
Image Credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech
› Full image and caption
Another drive is planned for Spirit on Sol 2092 ( Saturday , Nov. 21 ) .
As in the previous drive , the rover will be instructed to drive straight ahead in two 2.5 - meter ( 8.2 - foot ) steps .
This time , however , the right rear wheel will be commanded at a slightly slower speed to allow the right middle wheel to gain more traction .
This is to mitigate the potential for a wheelie by the right middle wheel .
There will also be tighter limits on the rover 's change in direction ( yaw ) and the angles of the suspension system .
As before , not much actual motion of the rover is expected to be observed .
At the conclusion of the commanded motion , the rover will collect three frames from its microscopic imager for a mosaic of the rover underbelly .
The rover 's panoramic camera will take images of the middle wheels , the navigation camera will take pre-drive and post - drive images for visual odometry , and the front and rear hazard - avoidance cameras will take supporting images .
The drive commands will be transmitted to Spirit Saturday morning .
The team expects to have complete drive - related telemetry on the ground on Sunday .
Second Extrication Drive Yields Slight Progress - 11.19.09
This blink comparison documents very slight forward movement of NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit during a drive on the rover 's 2,090th Martian day , or sol ( Nov. 19 , 2009 ) .
Image Credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech
› Full image and caption
Spirit successfully completed the first step of its planned two - step motion on Sol 2090 ( Nov. 19 ) .
After spinning the wheels for the equivalent of 2.5 meters ( 8.2 feet ) in the forward direction , the center of the rover moved approximately 12 millimeters ( 0.5 inch ) forward , 7 millimeters ( 0.3 inch ) to the left and about 4 millimeters ( 0.2 inch ) down .
The rover tilt changed by about 0.1 degree .
Small forward motion was observed with the non-operable right front wheel , and the left front wheel showed indications of climbing , despite the center of the rover moving downward .
These motions are too small to establish any trends at this time .
The drive plan had imposed a limit of 1 centimeter ( 0.4 inch ) motion in any direction .
The second step of the drive was not performed , because Spirit calculated it had exceeded that limit .
The data downlink volume from the rover was much better than expected , with all drive - related imagery being received .
The team is continuing to analyze results from the drive .
Second Planned Extrication Drive is Straight Ahead Again - 11.18.09
This mosaic of images from the Spirit rover , taken on Sol 1925 ( June 2 , 2009 ) , helped engineers assess the rover 's state and plan Spirit 's extraction from the soft soil at the site called " Troy . "
The images were taken by Spirit 's microscopic imager instrument , mounted on the end of the robotic arm .
Image Credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech / Cornell / USGS
› Full image and caption
Because the first extrication drive for Spirit , on Sol 2088 ( Nov. 17 ) , stopped as soon as it began due to an exceeded tilt limit , the plan for an extrication drive on Sol 2090 ( Nov. 19 ) will essentially be a repeat of the first drive plan , but with improved rover attitude knowledge .
The updated attitude knowledge comes from the rover 's measurement of its tilt on Sol 2088 .
In the Sol 2090 plan , the rover will be instructed to drive straight ahead in two steps .
Each step will be a commanded wheel motion of about 2.5 meters ( 8.2 feet ) .
As before , not much actual motion of the rover is expected .
At the conclusion of the commanded motion , the rover will collect three frames from its microscopic imager for a mosaic of the rover underbelly .
The rover 's panoramic camera will take images of the middle wheels , the navigation camera will take pre-drive and post - drive images for visual odometry , and the front and rear hazard - avoidance cameras will take supporting images .
These commands will be transmitted to Spirit early Thursday morning , Nov. 19 .
The results from the drive are expected to be received on the ground later Thursday via a Mars orbiter relay .
Because of limited data volume available in the rover relay pass , the data downlink will likely be insufficient for the project to conduct a complete analysis of the drive that same day .
Tilt Parameters End First Extrication Drive - 11.17.09
This mosaic of images from the Spirit rover , taken on Sol 1925 ( June 2 , 2009 ) , helped engineers assess the rover 's state and plan Spirit 's extraction from the soft soil at the site called " Troy . "
The images were taken by Spirit 's microscopic imager instrument , mounted on the end of the robotic arm .
Image Credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech / Cornell / USGS
› Full image and caption
The preliminary results from the first extrication drive for Spirit on Sol 2088 ( Nov. 17 , 2009 ) indicate the rover stopped less than 1 second after it began , sensing more vehicle lateral tilt than permitted .
A tight limit on vehicle roll and pitch of less than 1 degree change was set for this first drive .
As the rover began its first move , it sensed that its roll was outside the allowed limit and safely stopped the drive .
The project is starting cautiously , setting initial parameters with very tight limits with the knowledge that these hair triggers may stop the rover frequently .
As the project gains confidence with extrication , these limits may be relaxed .
From this limited drive the team now has a more accurate measurement of vehicle roll and pitch that will be used for subsequent drive planning .
Analysis is continuing .
Completion of planning for the next drive will be no sooner than Wednesday , Nov. 18 .
The attempt to extract Spirit from the Martian sand trap is expected to take weeks or months , with uncertain probability of success .
Team Prepares to Uplink Commands to Spirit - 11.16.09
This mosaic of images from the Spirit rover , taken on Sol 1925 ( June 2 , 2009 ) , helped engineers assess the rover 's state and plan Spirit 's extraction from the soft soil at the site called " Troy . "
The images were taken by Spirit 's microscopic imager instrument , mounted on the end of the robotic arm .
Image Credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech / Cornell / USGS
› Full image and caption
Today ( Monday , Nov. 16 ) , driving commands are being prepared to instruct Spirit to attempt to drive forward .
These are the first driving commands since Spirit became embedded in a Martian sandtrap approximately six months ago .
These commands will be transmitted to Spirit at 1 a.m. PST ( 4 a.m. EST ) Tuesday , Nov. 17 .
The rover will be instructed to drive straight ahead ( north ) in two steps .
Each step will be a commanded wheel motion of about 2.5 meters ( 8.2 feet ) .
At the conclusion of the commanded motion , the rover will collect a three - frame Microscopic Imager mosaic of the rover underbelly .
Spirit will also collect Pancam images of the middle wheels , pre-drive and post - drive visual odometry ( Visodom ) , Navcam images , and supporting front and rear Hazcam images .
The rover will drive with the robotic arm ( Instrument Deployment Device ) already deployed in the " fishing stow " position , like Opportunity , so it can take Microscopic Imager images without having to stow and un - stow the arm before and after each drive .
The team expects to spend all day Tuesday analyzing the drive results before the next drive attempt , possibly on Wednesday , Nov. 18 .
It is expected , at least initially , that little actual motion of the rover will be observed .
The attempt to extract Spirit from the Martian sandtrap is expected to take weeks or months , if it is at all possible .
The next status update will be issued Tuesday , Nov. 17 .
NASA to Begin Attempts to Free Sand - Trapped Mars Rover - 11.12.09
A screen shot from software used by the Mars Exploration Rover team for assessing movements by Spirit and Opportunity illustrates the degree to which Spirit 's wheels have become embedded in soft material at the location called " Troy . "
› Full image and caption
PASADENA , Calif . -- NASA will begin transmitting commands to its Mars exploration rover Spirit on Monday as part of an escape plan to free the venerable robot from its Martian sand trap .
Spirit has been lodged at a site scientists call " Troy " since April 23 .
Researchers expect the extraction process to be long and the outcome uncertain based on tests here on Earth this spring that simulated conditions at the Martian site .
" This is going to be a lengthy process , and there 's a high probability attempts to free Spirit will not be successful " said Doug McCuistion , director of the Mars Exploration Program at NASA Headquarters in Washington .
" After the first few weeks of attempts , we 're not likely to know whether Spirit will be able to free itself . "
Spirit has six wheels for roving the Red Planet .
The first commands will tell the rover to rotate its five working wheels forward approximately six turns .
Engineers anticipate severe wheel slippage , with barely perceptible forward progress in this initial attempt .
Since 2006 , Spirit 's right - front wheel has been inoperable , possibly because of wear and tear on a motor as a result of the rover 's longevity .
Spirit will return data the next day from its first drive attempt .
The results will be assessed before engineers develop and send commands for a second attempt .
Using results from previous commands , engineers plan to continue escape efforts until early 2010 .
" Mobility on Mars is challenging , and whatever the outcome , lessons from the work to free Spirit will enhance our knowledge about how to analyze Martian terrain and drive future Mars rovers , " McCuistion said .
" Spirit has provided outstanding scientific discoveries and shown us astounding vistas during its long life on Mars , which is more than 22 times longer than its designed life . "
In the spring , Spirit was driving backward and dragging the inoperable right front wheel .
While driving in April , the rover 's other wheels broke through a crust on the surface that was covering a bright - toned , slippery sand underneath .
After a few drive attempts to get Spirit out in the subsequent days , it began sinking deeper in the sand trap .
Driving was suspended to allow time for tests and reviews of possible escape strategies .
" The investigations of the rover embedding and our preparations to resume driving have been extensive and thorough , " said John Callas , project manager for Spirit and Opportunity at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif .
" We 've used two different test rovers here on Earth in conditions designed to simulate as best as possible Spirit 's predicament .
However , Earth - based tests cannot exactly replicate the conditions at Troy . "
Data show Spirit is straddling the edge of a 26 - foot - wide crater that had been filled long ago with sulfate - bearing sands produced in a hot water or steam environment .
The deposits in the crater formed distinct layers with different compositions and tints , and they are capped by a crusty soil .
It is that soil that Spirit 's wheels broke through .
The buried crater lies mainly to Spirit 's left .
Engineers have plotted an escape route from Troy that heads up a mild slope away from the crater .
" We 'll start by steering the wheels straight and driving , though we may have to steer the wheels to the right to counter any downhill slip to the left , " said Ashley Stroupe , a JPL rover driver and Spirit extraction testing coordinator .
" Straight - ahead driving is intended to get the rover 's center of gravity past a rock that lies underneath Spirit .
Gaining horizontal distance without losing too much vertical clearance will be a key to success .
The right front wheel 's inability to rotate greatly increases the challenge . "
Spirit has been examining its Martian surroundings with tools on its robotic arm and its camera mast .
The rover 's work at Troy has augmented earlier discoveries it made indicating ancient Mars had hot springs or steam vents , possible habitats for life .
If escape attempts fail , the rover 's stationary location may result in new science findings .
" The soft materials churned up by Spirit 's wheels have the highest sulfur content measured on Mars , " said Ray Arvidson a scientist at Washington University in St. Louis and deputy principal investigator for the science payloads on Spirit and Opportunity .
" We 're taking advantage of its fixed location to conduct detailed measurements of these interesting materials . "
Spirit and its twin rover landed on Mars in January 2004 .
They have explored Mars for five years , far surpassing their original 90 - day mission .
Opportunity currently is driving toward a large crater called Endeavor .
NASA 's JPL manages the rovers for NASA 's Science Mission Directorate in Washington .
For updates about Spirit 's progress , visit : http://www.nasa.gov/rovers or http://marsrovers.jpl.nasa.gov/home/index.html
Amnesia - Like Behavior Returns on Spirit - 10.30.09
This full - circle view from the panoramic camera ( Pancam ) on NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit shows the terrain surrounding the location called " Troy , " where Spirit became embedded in soft soil during the spring of 2009 .
› Full image and caption
Until Oct. 24 , NASA 's Mars Exploration
Rover had gone more than six months without an episode of amnesia - like symptoms like those that appeared on four occasions earlier this year .
In these amnesia events , Spirit fails to record data from the day 's activities onto the type of computer memory -- non-volatile " flash " memory -- that can retain the data when the rover powers down for its energy - conserving periods of " sleep . "
The reappearance of this behavior in recent days might delay the start of planned drives by Spirit geared toward extricating the rover from a patch of soft soil where its wheels have been embedded since April .
Spirit sent data Oct. 24 through Oct. 27 indicating that the rover was not using its flash memory .
The rover also has alternate memory ( volatile , random - access memory ) where data can be saved for communicating to Earth if the communication session comes before the next sleep period .
Spirit remains in communication with Earth , maintaining good power and temperatures .
" We still do n't have information about what causes these amnesia events , " said Mars Exploration Rover Project Manager John Callas of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif .
" If they are intermittent and infrequent , they are a nuisance that would set us back a day or two when they occur .
If the condition becomes persistent or frequent , we will need to go to an alternate strategy that avoids depending on flash memory .
We would only get data collected the same day and any unsent data from an earlier day would be lost .
The total volume of data returned by the rover is expected to be about the same . "
This week , an independent panel of robotics experts has been reviewing the rover team 's tests and plans for getting Spirit away from the site called " Troy , " where the rover 's wheels broke through a crusty , dark surface layer and became embedded in bright , loose material that had been hidden underneath .
Spirit has worked on Mars for more than 69 months in what was originally planned as a three - month mission .
Team Runs Operational Test to Prepare for Extracting Spirit - 10.19.09
NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit recorded this forward view of its arm and surroundings during the rover 's 2,052nd Martian day , or sol ( Oct. 11 , 2009 ) .
› Full image and caption
Engineers using test rovers on Earth to prepare for extracting the sand - trapped Spirit rover on Mars have added a new challenge to their preparations .
Until last week , the engineers commanding and assessing drives by the test rovers were usually in the same room as the sandbox setup simulating Spirit 's predicament , where they can watch how each test goes .
That changed for the latest preparation , called an operational readiness test .
The team members commanding drives by a test rover last week stayed away from the building with the sandbox .
They assessed the results of each commanded drive only from the images and other data communicated from the test rover , the same way the team does for daily operations of the rovers that are on Mars .
" We conducted this round of testing under more flight - like conditions to test the team 's ability to make very complex extraction driving decisions using only the data sent back from the rover , " said Mars Exploration Rover Project Manager John Callas of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif .
The test began on Oct. 12 and ran five days on an accelerated schedule of two Martian days ' worth of commanding every day .
The rover team also operated both Spirit and its twin , Opportunity , while conducting this readiness test at JPL .
Spirit became embedded in soft soil at a site called " Troy " five months ago , more than five years into a mission on Mars that was originally scheduled to last for three months .
The rover team suspended further driving attempts with Spirit while evaluating possibilities from tests performed at JPL simulating the Troy situation .
Current plans call for an independent panel to review Spirit driving plans in late October , following analysis of results from the readiness test .
Unless that review recommends any further preparations , Spirit will probably begin extraction moves within two weeks after the review .
Spirit has spent much of its time at Troy actively examining its surroundings , including analysis of layered soil at the site .
In September , a new issue began affecting operations .
Data from Spirit indicated that a brake on the motor that rotates the rover 's dish - shaped high - gain antenna was not working correctly .
The team has been getting more diagnostic data and developing a work - around strategy similar to work - arounds already used for rover - motor brakes that showed similar symptoms earlier .
Computer Modeling Supplements Dusty Testing - 09.14.09
Tests of possible maneuvers for use by NASA 's rover Spirit on Mars include use of this lightweight test rover at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif .
› Full image and caption
Tests on Earth simulating Spirit 's predicament on Mars have reinforced understanding that getting Spirit to rove again will be very difficult .
To supplement the tests at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif. , the rover team is refining a detailed computer model of rover mobility , calibrated with results from testing and measurements from Mars .
" The computer modeling will allow us to connect the results from tests performed in Earth gravity with what to expect from the rover in Mars gravity , " said JPL's John Callas , project manager for Spirit and its twin , Opportunity .
Spirit became embedded in soft soil at a site called " Troy " in early May , more than five years into a mission on Mars that was originally scheduled to last for three months .
The rover team suspended further driving attempts with Spirit while evaluating possibilities from tests performed at JPL simulating the Troy situation .
An additional round of testing was added to the September schedule to gain more detailed assessment of how to move Spirit while avoiding putting the rover 's center of gravity directly over a rock that is touching or nearly touching the rover 's underbelly .
Other added tests are using a lighter - weight test rover than the one used for most of the testing this summer .
A complete " dress rehearsal " test of the extrication strategy judged to hold the best chance of success is planned in the test setup at JPL before the team commands Spirit to begin driving .
That test and subsequent review of its results are expected to take several weeks .
Moves by Spirit will not begin before October , according to current plans .
" We are proceeding very cautiously and exploring all reasonable options , " Callas said .
" There is a very real possibility that Spirit may not be able to get out , and we want to give Spirit the very best chance . "
A dust storm that had reduced the electrical output from Spirit 's solar panels by nearly half during late August still has some lingering effects on the skies above Spirit .
Dust Storm Passing Over Spirit - 08.25.09
This full - circle view from the panoramic camera ( Pancam ) on NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit shows the terrain surrounding the location called " Troy , " where Spirit became embedded in soft soil during the spring of 2009 .
› Full image and caption
The amount of electricity generated by the solar panels on Spirit has been declining for the past several Martian days , or sols , as a regional dust storm moved southward and blocked some of the sunshine at Spirit 's location .
The team operating the rover has responsively trimmed Spirit 's daily activities and is keeping an eye on weather reports from observations by NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter .
Spirit 's solar panels generated 392 watt - hours during the mission 's Sol 2006 ( Aug. 24 , 2009 ) , down from 744 watt - hours five sols earlier , but still generous compared with the 240 watt - hours per sol that was typical before a series of panel - cleaning events about four months ago .
" We expect that power will improve again as this storm passes , but we will continue to watch this vigilantly , " said JPL's John Callas , project manager for Spirit and its twin , Opportunity .
" Spirit remains power positive with healthy energy margins and charged batteries .
The weather prediction from the Mars Color Imager team is that the storm is abating , but skies will remain dusty over Spirit for the next few sols . "
Recent images from the Mars Color Imager camera on Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter showed this regional storm becoming less extensive Monday even as it shifted southward so that its southern edge covered the Gusev Crater area where Spirit is working .
Malin Space Science Systems in San Diego , which operates that camera , provides frequent weather updates to the rover team .
Weekly reports are posted at http://www.msss.com/msss_images/latest_weather.html .
Meanwhile , in JPL's In - Situ Instrument Laboratory , the rover team is continuing testing of strategies for getting Spirit out of a patch of soft soil where it is embedded on Mars .
On Sol 2005 ( Aug. 23 , 2009 ) Spirit used its panoramic camera to examine the nature of how soil at the site has stuck to the rover 's middle wheels .
The team has also used Spirit 's rock abrasion tool as a penetrometer to measure physical properties of the soil around Spirit by pressing into the soil with three different levels of force .
The team is aiming to start sending drive commands to Spirit in September .
Second Test Rover Added to Driving Experiments - 08.21.09
Testing at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in August 2009 is assessing possible maneuvers that the Mars rover Spirit might use for escaping from a patch of soft soil where it is embedded at a Martian site called " Troy " .
› Full image and caption
A second , lighter - weight test rover has entered the testing setup at JPL where rover team members are assessing strategy for getting Spirit out of soft soil where it is embedded on Mars .
The rover team has begun using a test rover that does not carry a science payload or robotic arm , as do Spirit and Opportunity on Mars , and the primary engineering test rover at JPL .
While the primary test rover 's weight on Earth is greater than Spirit 's weight on Mars , the second rover is even lighter on Earth and closer to the weight of Spirit on Mars .
Making comparisons between motions of the two test rovers in duplicated drives will aid the rover team in interpreting effects of differing gravity on rover mobility .
The testing team plans to run such comparisons both in the soft , fluffy material being used to simulate the soil at Spirit 's current location and also on coarser , crushed rock that offers better traction .
" There is no perfect Earth analog for Spirit 's current situation , " said JPL's John Callas , project manager for the twin Mars Exploration Rovers .
" There 's less gravity on Mars , little atmosphere , and no moisture in the soil where Spirit is .
It is not anything like being stuck in sand or snow or mud on Earth .
Plus , since the rover moves only about as fast as a tortoise , you can not use momentum to help .
No rocking back and forth as you might do on Earth . "
The comparison experiments with the two test - rover siblings to Spirit and Opportunity precede a planned " dress rehearsal " long - duration test of driving as far in the test setup as the distance that Spirit would need to achieve on Mars to escape its predicament at the site called " Troy . "
The team has also made further assessments of the position of a rock underneath Spirit relative to the rover 's center of gravity .
Part of the strategy for getting Spirit free will be to avoid getting in a position with the center of gravity directly over a rock touching the rover .
Planned Rover Test to Run a Week or More - 08.13.09
A test setup at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory enables experiments with maneuvers being considered for use by NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit to get Spirit out of soft soil where it has become embedded .
› Full image and caption
Mars rover team members are planning a long - duration experiment with the test rover at JPL beginning next week .
This test will check whether favorable motion seen in earlier tests can be sustained to gain as much distance in the sandbox as Spirit would need to complete on Mars to escape its predicament .
The team expects to drive the test rover for several hundred meters , or yards , worth of wheel rotations over the course of a week or more without starting over .
Steering direction will be changed several times during the run .
Earlier tests have run for one or two days .
In between tests , the team resets the sandbox to simulate Spirit 's current starting position at the Mars location called " Troy . "
Based on test results , the team might begin sending driving commands to Spirit during the second week of September .
Any progress by Spirit toward getting out of the soft soil where it is embedded is expected to be slow .
With its right front wheel disabled since 2006 , Spirit 's success at getting out of the sand trap is not guaranteed .
Both Spirit and Opportunity have operated on Mars more than five years longer than their initially planned missions of three months .
During the weeks of testing at JPL designed to identify the best escape strategy , Spirit has been productively using the tools on its robotic arm to analyze multiple layers of soil at Troy .
More Testing Before Driving on Mars - 08.07.09
Panelists reviewed results to date from testing possible maneuvers to use in driving Spirit away from loose soil where the rover has become embedded .
Full image and caption
A review on Aug. 6 of test results to date yielded a decision to conduct further checkouts in an augmented testing set - up on Earth before beginning to send driving commands to Spirit for attempting to get out of the loose soil where the rover has partially embedded itself .
The ample power available to Spirit due to wind cleaning dust off of its solar panels has removed the initial urgency for getting the rover moving toward a winter haven site .
The rover science team has not completed the analysis the soil layers at Spirit 's current location .
And the review pointed to additional types of position measurements and analysis that could make further testing useful in mapping the strategy for freeing Spirit .
No specific date has been set for Spirit to resume driving .
Free Spirit Testing Nearing Completion - 07.30.09
Mars Exploration
Rover team members continued longer - duration test runs this week , driving the test rover forward and uphill in a crab - like position .
Pictured are Matt Van Kirk with Sharon Laubach .
› Full image and caption
Mars rover engineers at JPL are winding down testing of different escape maneuvers using a test rover in a sand box filled with soil to mimic the Martian surface .
It is possible that in early August the first extraction attempts with Spirit rover , which is dug - in on Mars , might take place .
This week , longer - duration test runs continued , and the team drove the rover several meters , or yards , forward and uphill in a crab - like position .
These long - duration drives will continue through the end of next week .
Meanwhile , observations from the Mars Climate Sounder instrument on NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter indicate to scientists that a large regional storm is developing .
Right now the dust storm is not near Spirit or its twin , Opportunity , but scientists will continue to monitor it as it develops .
Since Mars is still in the dust storm season , it is possible ( and perhaps even probable ) that the storm will continue to grow over the next few days .
Longer Tests Beginning - 07.24.09
Rover team members at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif. , on July 24 , 2009 , discuss the next step in preparing for a new phase in testing of possible moves for getting NASA 's Mars rover Spirit out of a sandtrap on Mars .
› Full image and caption
Mars rover team members have begun a new phase of testing at JPL -- using longer - duration experiments -- in their preparations for driving Spirit again on Mars .
They have completed assessments of individual maneuvers , using the test rover in a box of sloped , soft soil that simulates conditions at the patch of Martian ground called " Troy , " where Spirit 's wheels have dug themselves hub - deep .
Tests beginning today are using combinations of the individual maneuvers and longer - duration drives .
These tests will evaluate a full escape strategy for Spirit .
With the test rover temporarily removed from the box on Friday , July 24 , the rover team members renewed the test setup .
They tamped the soil in the uphill half of the box with more pressure than the soil on the downhill side .
This was done to offer a closer simulation to the conditions at Troy , where Spirit 's wheels have not churned up the soil as much on the uphill side .
At Troy , meanwhile , Spirit is continuing to use all of its tools to examine the environment around it .
Next Step : Combinations of Basic Moves - 07.21.09
Mars Exploration Rover team members on July 21 , 2009 , tested how altering the order in which individual wheels turn for steering affects how those turns dig the wheels deeper into soft soil .
From left : Alfonso Herrera , Vandana Verma , Bruce Banerdt .
› Full image and caption
As the Mars rover team uses testing at JPL to evaluate possible ways to drive Spirit out of loose soil on Mars , the team is finishing tests of individual " building block " maneuvers and is about to begin stringing some of those together .
The individual maneuvers , such as turns in place or crablike slant moves , may be combined to get Spirit 's wheels away from the spots where they have sunk into the soil .
Some of the tests in a JPL sandbox simulating Spirit 's predicament have moved the test rover slightly -- on the order of a centimeter , or half an inch , of shift in position .
This position change was achieved after enough wheel turns to have driven the rover the equivalent of tens of meters or yards on firmer ground .
The testing evaluates how each maneuver shifts the test rover 's orientation and tilt .
A live webcast from the testing site at JPL , supplemented by simultaneous Internet chat to take public questions , is planned for Thursday , July 23 .
The live event will air on the " NASAJPL " channel available on Ustream Web TV at : http://www.ustream.tv/channel/nasajpl on Thursday , July 23 , beginning at 3 p.m. PDT ( 6 p.m. EDT and 2200 UTC ) .
For more information , see http://www.jpl.nasa.gov/news/news.cfm?release=2009-113 .
Tests on Earth to Help Free Spirit Rover on Mars : Live Webcast , Chat - 07.21.09
A live videocast and chat from NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif. , will give viewers a chance to ask questions of rover team members working to get Spirit rolling again .
› Read more
Test Rover Checks Pivoting Technique - 07.16.09
In this view from behind a test rover at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif. , the rear wheels of the rover are turned toward the left , and the left - front wheel is turned toward the the right .
› Full image and caption
› Related image
The Mars rover team is using a test rover at JPL to assess various extraction techniques that might get Spirit out of the loose soil of " Troy " on Mars .
One of the maneuvers being run with the test rover involves turning the rear wheels toward the left while the left - front wheel is turned toward the right , and driving forward to pivot around the inoperable right - front wheel .
Engineers and scientists on the rover team are evaluating several repeats of this forward - right - arc maneuver in the sandbox at JPL as part of a weeks - long series of tests to identify maneuvers that might help Spirit .
Meanwhile Spirit is using abundant power from its solar panels , recently cleaned by Martian winds , to examine the composition of soil layers at Troy and make daytime and nighttime observations .
Rover Engineers Test More Maneuvers - 07.13.09
Mars Exploration Rover team members at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif. , prepare an experiment on July 13 , 2009 , for assessing how a test rover moves when embedded in loose soil and commanded to drive backward with wheels turned .
› Full image and caption
Engineers checking possible rover movements to get Spirit out of the " Troy " sand trap on Mars are evaluating how a comparable rover at JPL fares in a crablike backward drive , with all four corner wheels turned 60 degrees toward the right .
This is the fifth of 11 maneuvers on the current testing list .
Others ahead are crabbing backward with wheels turned 20 degrees to the right , a tight forward right arc , a clockwise turn in place , a counterclockwise turn in place , crabbing forward with wheels turned to the left , and driving while steering .
Some of the maneuvers might be repeated .
The team is learning how the test rover reacts to various motions in a test sandbox built to simulate Spirit 's situation at Troy .
The steps eventually sent as driving commands to Spirit may be a combination of some of the 11 maneuvers being tested .
Tests Evaluating Crabwalk Moves - 07.10.09
Mars Exploration
Rover team members prepare a testing setup for a subsequent experiment after an experiment driving the rover in a crablike motion , with all four corner wheels angled to the right .
› Full image and caption
On firm ground , NASA 's Mars Exploration Rovers can make crablike moves by turning all four steerable wheels to the same side angle , then rotating the wheels either forward or backward .
The rover team is experimenting with variations of those maneuvers in a test sandbox at JPL as part of its work to identify the best way to get Spirit out of the loose soil where the rover has become embedded on Mars .
By Friday morning , July 10 , the team had tested crabwalk patterns driving forward in the test sandbox with the wheels turned at 60 degrees to the right and 20 degrees to the right .
The angle of motion was upslope in the testing setup that simulates Spirit 's predicament on Mars .
Together with earlier experiments evaluating straight - forward and straight - backward driving , the latest actions completed four out of 11 maneuvers that the team has on its current testing list .
Next , engineers plan to test backward ( downslope ) crabbing with wheels turned 60 degrees to the right .
Second Rover Test Maneuver is Backwards - 07.08.09
Mike Seibert and Sharon Laubach , engineers on the Mars Exploration Rover team at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , check the exact position of a test rover in preparation for the next test of a possible maneuver for Spirit to use on Mars .
› Full image and caption
› Play related video
Engineers used straight - backward driving of a test rover on Earth on Wednesday , July 8 , as they evaluate maneuvers that might be useful for getting Spirit out of a sandtrap on Mars .
They had tested straight - forward driving first , then refreshed the sandbox setup simulating Spirit 's situation before beginning the backward tests .
Weeks of further testing and analysis are expected before engineers identify the best moves to command Spirit to perform .
Meanwhile , Spirit is using its science instruments to examine the environment surrounding the rover on Mars .
Rover Extraction Tests Begin - 07.06.09
After commanding five of a test rover 's six wheels to drive forward , rover driver Paolo Bellutta measures how much the rover moved sideways , downslope , during the maneuver .
› Full image and caption
Using a test rover in a sandbox at JPL with special soil simulating Spirit 's predicament on Mars , engineers are assessing possible maneuvers for getting Spirit out and onto firmer ground .
They began on Monday , July 6 , with the simplest maneuver on their list of options : driving forward with all five operable wheels .
In the first set of tests , the wheels turned enough to cover tens of meters , or yards , if there had been no slippage .
The test rover moved slightly forward and sideways downslope .
Weeks of further testing and analysis of results are expected before engineers identify the best moves to command Spirit to make .
Rock Under the Belly - 07.01.09
Sandbox setup at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif. , is ready for engineers to use the test rover to assess possible moves for getting Mars rover Spirit out of a patch of loose Martian soil .
› Full image and caption
› Play related video
Engineers placed a rock underneath the test rover at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif. , on July 1 , 2009 , to more closely simulate Spirit 's predicament on Mars .
After becoming embedded in soft soil , Spirit used the microscopic imager at the end of its arm last month to look under its own belly for the first time .
The resulting view ( at http://marsrovers.jpl.nasa.gov/gallery/press/spirit/20090603a.html) confirmed a rock beneath the rover touching its underbelly .
With a rock now placed similarly in the test sandbox , testing in the next few weeks will evaluate possible extraction moves for Spirit .
Test Rover Rolls
In - 06.30.09
While a test rover rolls off a plywood surface into a prepared bed of soft soil , rover team members Colette Lohr ( left ) and Kim Lichtenberg ( center ) eye the wheels digging into the soil and Paolo Bellutta enters the next driving command .
› Full image and caption
After several days of preparing a sloped area of soft , fine soil to simulate Spirit 's current sandtrap on Mars , the rover team drove a test rover into the material on June 30 , 2009 .
The test rover became embedded in the soil , as planned .
The rover team will use this setup at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif. , during the next few weeks to test possible extraction moves Spirit might use on Mars .
Filling the Simulated Sandtrap
Rover team members Mike Seibert ( left ) and Paolo Bellutta add a barrowful of soil mixture to the sloped box where a test rover will be used for assessing possible manuevers for NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit to use in escaping from a sandtrap on Mars .
› Full image and caption
Preparing a Test Mixture
Rover team members Kim Lichtenberg ( left ) and Mike Seibert fill a mixer with powdered clay and diatomaceous earth , a combination found to offer physical properties similar to the soil where NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit is embedded on Mars .
› Full image and caption
The Mixing Begins - 06.26.09
Rover team members mix materials .
Pictured ( left to right ) are Kim Lichtenberg ( from Wash U. ) , Matt Van Kirk ( in back in grey t- shirt ) , Paolo Bellutta ( in front ) and Mike Seibert ( in back in dark t- shirt ) .
Rover team members mix materials to fill the testbed box .
Once filled , the rover will be driven into the test area and set in place to mimic how the actual rover sits on Mars .
Escape maneuvers will then be tested to determine how to retrieve the rover safely .
Mars Team Digs in To Free Spirit - 06.25.09
Mars team members have rolled up their sleeves and will be shaping a few tons of diatomaceous Earth and clay into an exact replica of the area where the Spirit rover is embedded on Mars .
Recreating the conditions here on Earth in a testbed is important for testing the " Free Spirit " escape plans , which will occur over the next few weeks .
Once a safe escape route is mapped , commands will be sent to the rover .
“ Why do I stress a man when there ’s so many better things at hand … ” – Amy Winehouse , Tears Dry on Their Own
In a club in Shanghai , I met a girl from London who knew Amy Winehouse : “ She used to be my friend when she was fat .
She was really nice back then .
Then she got skinny and famous , and now she ’s a bitch . ”
Regardless of Ms. Winehouse ’s personality flaws , I think she hits on some good points in her song lyrics .
One of my friends is 30 and single after a 5 - year relationship with what I can only describe as an utter and complete psychopath .
With deep blue eyes , long black hair , a quirky smile and a sarcastic sense of humor that I ca n’t get enough of , I can hardly believe that she put up with a man who now sends her trash ( consisting of pen tops , paper clips , and discarded scraps of paper ) in the mail and asks her to pay him by check in return for his courtesy .
Another of my close friends is 26 and on the verge of having a nervous breakdown about once a week because she is currently single and feels that she is running out of time to get married .
26 and single .
Maybe what she is ignoring is the fact that she graduated from Stanford , is in one of the top 5 medical schools in the country , and is a brilliant writer and beautiful , giving person .
In her free time , she makes earrings that could sell for $ 100 per pair .
I myself was once the victim of this desperate desire to “ find someone . ”
For several months , one of my lovely - recently - become - single friends and I went clubbing and bar - hopping 4/ 7 days each week , hoping to meet men and fill that void that our verbally and physically abusive ex-boyfriends had left in our lives .
Fortunately , another of my friends stopped by Saint Louis to hang out with me prior to departing for his second tour in Iraq .
Like a drill sergeant , he slapped some sense into me before he left .
“ You and your friends are beautiful , talented women .
You are going to be doctors !
Honestly , I ’m insulted that you feel the need to chase after men .
They should be chasing after you !
Why are you wasting your time ?
What happened to all the things you used to like doing ?
What about poetry and art and singing ? ”
I finally admitted to him that I was just lonely .
But he made me think .
Would another controlling , insecure man in my life really make me happy ?
Really , I could be doing so much more with my time .
In fact , in the 3 years I had wasted with my ex-boyfriend , I could have better applied myself to the study of medicine .
Someone might die because I do n’t know something that I could ’ve learned during the time I spent trying to get him to stop being mad at me .
Why do so many people feel the need to find a relationship to be happy ?
There is so much more to life .
Write .
Sing .
Work towards your goals .
Start a business .
Save the world !
You do n’t need someone else to make you happy .
You can find happiness in yourself .
A caring relationship is just a bonus .
Think about Jane Austen ; she never married , but if she had , do you think we would still know her name today ?
Following the end of her horrible 5 - year long relationship , my beautiful blue - eyed friend told me : “ It ’s better to be in no relationship at all than to be in a bad one . ” I can attest to that .
NEW YORK , Sept 28 ( Reuters ) - Newegg Inc , a venture - capital backed online retailer of computer hardware and software , plans to raise up to $ 175 million in an initial public offering , according to a regulatory filing .
The Southern California - based e-commerce company , which runs the newegg.com website , said in a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission that it has been profitable every year since 2001 and generated sales of $ 2.1 billion in 2008 .
Newegg said in the filing that it expects to face increased competition from other e-commerce sites , pointing to Circuit City Stores Inc CCTYQ .
PK , the electronics retailer that went bankrupt last year , but whose web site is still active .
The company 's largest shareholder is New York - based venture - capital firm Insight Venture Partners , whose portfolio also includes software maker Medidata Solutions Inc MDSO.O , which completed an IPO in April .
Newegg plans to use the IPO ’s proceeds in part to expand operations in China and Canada .
The IPO is being managed by JP Morgan , Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Citi .
Newegg ’s prospectus did not set the terms or expected timing of the IPO .
( Reporting by Phil Wahba , editing by Gerald E. McCormick )
Our County Chair organized a meeting with Shuler with about 20 citizens locally .
The meeting hall was set up for a very nice luncheon for all of the guests on Wednesday at noon .
Heath Shuler came with 2 of his staffers .
Originally , I was n't going to be at this meeting .
As I was wrapping up the roof I repaired yesterday , I got a call from a friend asking me stop by her house and get her camera and bring it to her at the Meeting .
When I got there , she insisted I stay for it .
I 'm kind of sorry I did .
There are more productive things I could have done with that time .
When Shuler arrived , we all sat and started eating , while we each introduced ourselves and made a very brief statement , if we had one .
Then people who were a part of the forums on health care that we hosted were going to speak about their knowledge of the subject .
Partway through the second Speaker , Shuler stopped him and asked if we could make it a " working meeting " where we threw ideas around .
Sounds good , right ?
He asked us to throw out words that we thought were important to reform .
Things like access , portability , affordability , universal coverage and a public option came up .
When the " public option " was tossed out , he suggested that what we really wanted was competition and fair pricing of health insurance .
he then went down the list and said he agreed with everything .
He came back to discuss the " competitive rates " .
He mentioned a system that the City of Asheville implemented where they self - insure all employees .
It is called the Asheville Project .
He suggests that we need to set up similar programs to make access affordable instead of doing a " public option " .
The Asheville Project does seem to be a good idea and has great benefits to this type of model .
Implementing it without the gov't involvement is the tough part .
How do they get set up ?
He suggested that they would be non-profit and maybe even the insurance companies could help with it .
I find anything that the insurance companies are involved with completely unacceptable .
If they were to be involved they would likely dump the sickest people off the regular plan into the non-profit group to help torpedo it .
He is adamant in not having a public option .
It is not even on the table for discussion by the comments he made at this meeting .
As the discussion went on , the example of Medicare was used as a way to do a public option .
He then went on about the " waste , fraud and abuse " in Medicare and used that to show why the public option was a bad idea .
I almost got the idea that he disliked Medicare .
When others pointed out that mush of that " waste , fraud and abuse was at the hands of insurance companies that administered Medicare , he went back to raggging on the gov't run programs .
He mentioned that in rural area of our country , some people could not find a doctor who would take Medicare .
My friend stated that she did some checking on that for her brother who is critically ill and just got on Medicare and could not find any doctors who did NOT take it .
Shuler then said that we have an example of the problem right in our district .
He stated that in Graham County , there were no doctors that took Medicare .
Well , I 'm not one who takes someone at their word , especially when they are aggressively pushing their agenda on me .
So , last night I did some googling and came up with some names of doctors in Graham County , NC .
All of the ones I found were in one practice in the town of Robbinsville .
I called the ofice this morning and talked to a lady who handles administrative work .
She said that there were 3 family doctors and one nurse practioner and that they were the only doctors in Graham County .
Well , guess what , they DO ACCEPT Medicare and DO ACCEPT new patients with Medicare .
I told the lady that Shuler had been telling people this and she was surprised as she said that they talk to his office often .
This was n't just some off the cuff remark , either .
He made a point to get everyone 's attention as he made this statement .
Later , I learned that he also made this wild claim at the 11th District Democratic Party meeting a couple of weeks ago .
We will come back to this in a minute .
Shuler was obviously not getting us on board with his ideas and was getting frustrated with the discussion .
As we were , also .
When he was asked why he did n't support voting for a public option he repeatedly said because it could n't get enough votes to pass .
After he repeated this answer several times , I asked him " Why do n't YOU , personally support it . "
His response was that he thought it could be done better by the private sector .
As one man was asking a question , Shuler leaned over to his staffer and said " This is like talking to a brick wall " .
Loud enough for many people to hear him , including the man asking the question .
This was extremely rude and unprofessional for a congressman .
During this meeeting , Shuler also ran down the Democratic leadership several times and claimed that Henry Waxman wrote HR3200 by himself and would not allow any input from anyone else .
Shuler showed up with an agenda to derail our ideas of a public option and was rude and ill - tempered when we would n't roll over .
Now , we will go back to the false claim about doctors in Graham County .
Since I learned that all of the doctors in rural Graham County did IN FACT ACCEPT Medicare , I wanted to give Shuler a chance to respond .
I called the cell phone of his staffer , who is also his long time friend .
I left a voice mail asking him to return my call as I wanted Shuler to clarify a false statement he had made at the meeting .
I never did get my call returned today .
LAter , in the afternoon , I heard that 2 of my friends went up to Shuler 's office for a visit .
They did get in to visit Shuler and during the meeting , it was mentioned that I had called and left a message .
I am guessing that they were hoping to figure out why I called without actually calling me .
Maybe this evening they will learn why .
There is no excuse for Shuler making this false claim .
He has a staff , he lives in the county next to Graham .
I found the truth in 10 minutes of googling and a 5 minute phone conversation .
Surely , he could ask a staff member to get correct information .
Or maybe , he just does n't care .
As long as it goes well with his agenda .
Anyway , we are a bit discouraged that our Democratic congressman is not willing to discuss the idea of a public option .
We will keep up the pressure with calls , visits and letters but we hope the rest of you fair better than we are .
I will be posting this at Blue NC also .
WASHINGTON -- Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner blasted top U.S. financial regulators in an expletive - laced critique last Friday as frustration grows over the Obama administration 's faltering plan to overhaul U.S. financial regulation , according to people familiar with the meeting .
The proposed regulatory revamp is one of President Barack Obama 's top domestic priorities .
But since it was unveiled in June , the plan has been criticized by the financial - services industry , as well as by financial regulators wary of encroachment ...
ROME  Michael Phelps had stayed all but mum on the suit controversy that 's rocked swimming and rewritten the record book at this week 's world championships .
But in the 100 - meter butterfly final Saturday , he shook off a head - to - head collision an hour earlier in the warm - up pool to make the loudest statement of all .
Phelps , as at last year 's Beijing Olympics , once again overpowered Serbian speedster Milorad Cavic in the last few meters to post a come - from - behind victory .
After winning in a world - record 49.82 seconds , Phelps pounded his fists on the water and pulled at the suit on his chest to make an emphatic point .
" It does n't matter what suit you wear , " he said afterward .
" It matters how you train . "
Cavic was wearing the Arena X - Glide , one of the all - polyurethane suits that , for some swimmers , appear to reduce friction and enhance buoyancy to help them swim significantly faster .
Out of loyalty to longtime sponsor Speedo , Phelps was wearing last year 's LZR Racer , which , with polyurethane panels , is the first generation of the new suits .
Phelps has set two world records in the LZR this week but also suffered a shockingly lopsided loss to Germany 's Paul Biedermann in the 200 - meter freestyle .
Biedermann also wears an Arena X - Glide .
Earlier this week , Cavic said that " people , if I were to beat Phelps , they would say , ' Cavic beat Phelps because of the suit . ' "
The day before the race , he told reporters he would buy Phelps one of the new suits if Phelps wanted one .
Phelps declined .
Instead , Phelps swam a near - perfect race Saturday , covering the first 50 meters faster than he ever has , in 23.36 seconds .
Cavic , a faster starter than Phelps , did it in 22.69 seconds .
Phelps reeled in Cavic with his trademark closing speed .
In Beijing , he edged Cavic by a mere 1/100th of a second .
This time , the finish was much more decisive , with Cavic finishing second in 49.95 seconds .
" It definitely gives a little extra motivation when there are comments , " Phelps said .
" That 's just part of sport .
I think it makes it more exciting . "
Cavic noted that he " never attacked Michael " with his pre-race comments .
" I have nothing but respect for Michael , " Cavic said .
" He is the best .
Do I have regrets ?
I do n't see that I did anything wrong . "
Phelps and Cavic became the only two swimmers to finish the 100 fly under 50 seconds .
" It was an incredible race , " Cavic said .
" We all went a lot faster than we expected . "
Phelps did n't know what to expect this season after taking six months off from training after the Beijing Olympics , where he won an historic eight gold medals .
His subpar preparation has showed at worlds , in his relatively slow relay swims and especially in his loss to Biedermann .
But on Saturday , he delivered what his coach , Bob Bowman , called his " best , by far " race in the 100 fly .
That 's high praise , considering last year 's finish in Beijing and the multiple by - a - fingernail battles he had with American Ian Crocker in the event .
" You can tell after my celebration that it satisfied me a little bit , " Phelps said .
An hour before the race , Phelps was sharing a lane with Australian Cate Campbell in the warm - up pool .
The two were too close when Phelps broke into a butterfly sprint , and they collided heads .
The force broke the nose bridge on his goggles and tweaked his left shoulder .
Bowman , watching from the pool deck , shouted " No ! "
Phelps initially had blurry vision in his left eye .
" I tried to really just get that out of my head , " he said of the collison .
" It kind of took us by surprise .
It kind of shocked me , took the wind out of me a little bit . "
Campbell said she " laughed it off " and proceeded to break a championship record to qualify first in the semifinals of the 50 - meter freestyle .
( American Dara Torres qualified eighth for the Sunday final . )
Phelps proceeded to swim a race that got him more pumped up than he 's ever been .
" I have not ever seen him that emotional and he deserved it , " Bowman said .
" That was a tremendous race . "
Phelps has one event left — the 400 medley relay Sunday night , assuming the U.S. does n't mess up in the morning prelims .
The Americans will be a heavy favorite in that one as well .
Three other world records were set Saturday , bringing the total to 39 with one day left at the final meet for high - tech bodysuits .
Kirsty Coventry of Zimbabwe took down her down mark in the 200 backstroke , winning in 2 minutes , 4.81 seconds .
Russia 's Anastasia Zueva also went under Coventry 's old mark of 2:05.24 , but her 2:04.94 was only good enough for the silver .
American Elizabeth Beisel claimed bronze .
China claimed the record in the women 's 400 - meter medley relay .
Li Zhesi finished it off in 3:52.19 to beat the mark set by Australia ( 3:52.69 ) at the Beijing Olympics .
The Aussies also went under the old mark , settling for silver in 3:52.58 .
Germany took the bronze .
The winning team also included Zhao Jing , Chen Huijia and Jiao Liuyang .
In a semifinal heat of a non-Olympic event , Britain 's Liam Tancock set a world record of 24.08 in the 50 backstroke , eclipsing the mark of 24.33 held by American Randall Bal .
Junya Koga of Japan also went under the previous record time to win the second heat at 24.29 .
The final is Sunday night .
Cesar Cielo of Brazil completed a sweep of the freestyle sprints with the 50 - meter title .
Cielo added to his title in the 100 with a one - lap time of 21.08 to hold off world - record holder Fred Bousquet ( 21.21 ) and fellow Frenchman Amaury Leveaux ( 21.25 ) .
Managing to win world titles without world records : Australia 's Marieke Guehrer in the women 's 50 fly and Lotte Friis of Denmark in women 's 800 freestyle .
Olympic champion and 800 world - record holder Rebecca Adlington finished fourth .
Contributing : Wire reports
Republicans worry they 're becoming known less for their ideals and more for the pettiness of their vitriol .
| Matt Wuerker GOP ' cranks ' dominating debate
Joe Wilson ’s outburst Wednesday night earned more than a personal rebuke from the president and a dagger - eyed gasp from the speaker of the House ; it drew winces from Republicans worried that their party is becoming known less for the power of its ideals and more for the pettiness of its vitriol .
“ Neither party has an exclusive on wack jobs , ” says Republican media consultant Mark McKinnon .
“ Unfortunately , right now the Democrats generally get defined by President Obama , and Republicans , who have no clear leadership , get defined by crackpots — and then they begin to define the Republican Party in the mind of the general public . ”
Advertisement
Turn on the TV , and you see what he means .
Here ’s Orly Taitz , insisting that the commander in chief was born in Kenya .
There ’s a flock of angry protesters chanting “ Just say no ! ” and carrying signs depicting a Democratic congressman with devil ’s horns .
Former GOP vice - presidential candidate Sarah Palin warns darkly that Obama is planning “ death panels ” for senior citizens .
Georgia Rep. Paul Broun equates the president ’s plans with “ Nazi ” policies .
Ohio Rep. Jean Schmidt — last heard calling John Murtha a “ coward ” — tells a birther : “ I agree with you , but the courts do n’t . ”
And then , in the midst of all the catcalls , hand - held signs and “ I ’m not listening ” BlackBerrying , Wilson interrupts Obama ’s address to a joint session of Congress by shouting , “ You lie ! ”
“ The president was helped more by the optics of House Republicans than by his own speech , ” says former Rep. Vin Weber ( R - Minn . ) .
“ It ’s not likely to do any long - term damage , but they need to be very careful how they oppose this president . ”
One veteran GOP official puts it bluntly : “ The image of a bunch of white guys booing an African - American president is about as bad as it gets . ”
Republican leaders were quick to distance themselves from Wilson ’s outburst .
John McCain said Wilson should apologize , and he did — although he also insisted that he was right about Obama ’s lack of candor .
Brian Jones , a former communications director for the Republican National Committee , finds it frustrating when lawmakers like Wilson hijack the party ’s public persona .
“ You have a little bit of tyranny of the minority with these people , ” he says .
“ It may raise their profile , it may make them more attractive in their district — but does it really help the image of the party in the midst of an important debate ?
I think no .
Obviously , there are some who will be cheering this , but I think the cake is baked with them in terms of how they feel about Obama and health care . ”
But Texas Sen. John Cornyn , the chairman of the Republicans ’ campaign arm in the Senate , suggests that it ’s not fair to tar the GOP with its fringier elements — and that the criticism wo n’t last anyway .
“ I think that it ’s a free country , ” he says .
“ Anybody can say what they want , they can identify themselves as a Democrat , independent , a Republican , a socialist or whatever they want to call themselves .
That does n’t mean they were representative of a political party or the mainstream of a political party . ”
Down the line , he says , when the primary fields clear and the party ’s candidates become better known , “ then the voice of the Republican Party in states across the country [ is ] going to be their Republican nominee and candidate , ” he says .
But “ right now , ” he says , “ there ’s sort of a void because that has n’t formed yet . ”
The question for the GOP :
What will fill that void in the meantime , and will it leave an indelible stain on the party even after its election - year A - team emerges ?
Will the party be known for its Gang of Six — the senators working , with varying degrees of success , on a bipartisan health care plan — or for those who question everything from the president ’s place of birth to his right to talk to the nation ’s schoolchildren ?
“ As someone who is center - right , it does make you cringe , ” says Jones .
For example , he says , “ the notion of certain parents not sending their kids to school because they do n’t want their kids being exposed to the propaganda of the president — to me that ’s absurd .
And parents have the right to do that , I guess , but that ’s representative of the same mind - set , I think . ”
Jones notes that such sentiments are not limited to Republicans : “ I lived in New York , in Brooklyn in ’04 , and I remember hearing people saying , ‘ When the Republican Convention comes , should we take our kids out of town ?
Because I do n’t want them to be exposed to that . ’”
Nor are Democrats strangers to having their crazy uncles take center stage .
During the run-up to the Iraq war , for example , Reps. Jim McDermott ( D - Wash . ) , Mike Thompson ( D - Calif. ) and David Bonior ( D - Mich . ) famously flew to Baghdad , where McDermott asserted that he believed the president would “ mislead the American public ” to justify the war .
The trip made it a cakewalk for critics to describe the Democratic Party as chockablock with traitorous radicals .
If Republican Party leaders are concerned that their members will suffer the same fate , however , they ’re sure not acting like it .
The Wilson incident was “ certainly unfortunate , ” said Minority Whip Eric Cantor ( R - Va. ) , but “ I do n’t see it as any definition of our party , ” he said .
And while House Minority Leader John Boehner said Thursday that he was glad Wilson had apologized for his outburst , he seemed to forgive the impulse behind the outburst , noting that passions over the health care debate are running high : “ Do n’t underestimate the amount of emotion that people are feeling , ” he warned at a Capitol news conference .
Former Rep. Charlie Bass ( R - N.H. ) notes that hot tempers and high spirits are not uncommon when the stakes are high :
“ I remember after [ President George W. Bush ] announced his Social Security plan , I had 15 town meetings , and they were nasty .
But I did n’t call them unruly mobs .
The fact is this is a very , very contentious issue , and it ’s a do - or - die issue for a lot of people , ” he says .
While Wilson ’s outburst was “ the kind of thing that should never happen , ” Bass says , it captured “ this enormous pent - up frustration ” among conservatives and Republicans over the issue of health care .
“ I did not view him as some fringe , crazy person at all , ” Bass says .
“ He reflected the temperature of the public , at least the opponents of this plan , and I think there are enough of them that there is n’t a sense that the Republicans are out of their minds for opposing this plan . ”
Indeed , both Cantor and Boehner behaved Thursday like parents who know they must reprimand a child whose misbehavior has secretly delighted them — later in the day , both could be found praising the efforts of hundreds of conservative activists assembled outside the Capitol , who several times chanted “ You lie ! ” en masse , openly rallying around the very incident their leadership had supposedly disavowed .
Longtime GOP strategist John Weaver said the Wilson incident is n’t a “ huge deal ” by itself , but “ taken together with what ’s happened over the last eight years , it ’s symptomatic of what our problem is . ”
“ We do have structural , demographic issues we ’re not addressing , ” he said .
“ But we also have tone problems .
We could have the best policy ideas in the world , but we ca n’t get anybody to buy them if our salespeople are angry .
Nobody wants to hang out with a bunch of cranks . ”
Manu Raju , Patrick O’Connor and Jonathan Martin contributed to this story .
Missing out on the latest scoops ?
Sign up for POLITICO Playbook and get the latest news , every morning — in your inbox .
CLARIFICATION :
An early version of this story referred to town hall protesters waving photographs of Barack Obama adorned with a Hitler moustache .
While Republicans have used Nazi references to describe Obama ’s policies , the Hitler moustache signs are favored by some supporters of Lyndon LaRouche .
If you had an account on forum .
suprbay.org with at least one post , you do not need to re-register .
Your account is still active and your Suprbay username and password will work .
Possibly Related Threads … Thread Author Replies Views Last Post Marie Windsor werawong88 2 5,066
Last Post : werawong88 Aug 09 , 2015 , 08:00 am
Users browsing this thread : 1 Guest(s )
Endocannabinoids are the body 's natural form of THC , a chemical in marijuana that can ease pain .
Now a new study shows this chemical is a double - edged sword , making people more sensitive to pain too .
Could endocannabinoids be used for torture ?
Advertisement
Endocannabinoids interact with canniboid receptors the same way the chemical THC in marijuana does .
According to a study published this afternoon in Science , the endocannabinoid system is more complex than previously believed .
Sometimes a spike in endocannabinoids in the spinal cord releases neurotransmitter chemicals that make people more likely to feel pain .
A release about the article from Science puts it this way :
Often , in cases of chronic pain , neuron - to - neuron communication is bumped up in a specific area of the spinal cord .
Endocannabinoids ( which are the body 's version of the THC in marijuana ) have been thought to suppress this type of pain signaling , but Alejandro Pernía - Andrade and an international team of colleagues now show that the opposite may be true .
They found that in rats and mice , painful stimuli can release endocannabinoids in the spinal cord , which act on a group of neuronal receptors called the CB1 receptors .
This action reduced the release of key neurotransmitters that shuttle from one neuron to another , with the overall effect of making the neurons more excitable and thereby sensitizing the animals to certain forms of pain , or even to simple touch .
In another experiment , on human volunteers , the authors found that the drug rimonabant , which blocks CB1 receptors , decreased pain sensitivity that had been induced in patches of the volunteers ' skin .
Advertisement
We 're a long way from being able to control this pain / not - pain system , but knowing that it 's there means more research into it is inevitable .
Already endocannabinoids are a target for a lot of hopeful pharmaceutical companies , who hope to manipulate the substance to treat everything from chronic pain to obesity .
My question is whether this substance could also become the target of military research too , since being able to control whether a person feels pain or not is a classic torture technique .
And doing it cleanly , with drugs , could be classified as " humane " under many systems of regulation .
Plus , what 's a better way to play pharmaceutical good cop / bad cop than to administer a drug that causes pain - then eases it ?
via Science
It 's pretty typical for a human interest story - family adjusts to big change - and thankfully was n't as painful as some bloggers thought it would be .
But for trans people it's the same old narrative : excessive courage in the midst of adversity and disapproval , complete with soft piano solo accompaniment , montages of old pictures , everything .
As the story unfolds according to the director 's cuts I find myself even feeling sorry for myself , which is never a good sign .
That 's right , folks .
If we 're lucky , knowing a trans person may finally edge out that tired old " I 'm not bigoted because have a gay friend " excuse people sometimes march out in the name of tolerance .
Chaz Bono 's transition announcement tipped the scales and suddenly networks are scrambling to cover this new , sympathy - friendly subset of people with touching exposes , " you 're - so - strong " talk shows , and other sorts of news coverage .
ABC is took this one step further and spent prime - time television time to profile a transgender woman .
There 's a preview available
While documentaries like this may appear , at first glance , like good press , I can't help wondering what long - term impact this press will have .
The documentary makes transgender struggles clear at the price of making our lives look terrible .
I know from experience that transition decisions are often delayed because of heartbreaking documentaries , confusing internet website information , and a lack of knowledge concerning how transgender people live on a daily basis .
Instead of our daily life , people see the extreme pressures of family , career , and society at work on a transgender person 's happiness .
This would be fine if there was information available to counter the idea that all trans people live life in a constant state of melancholic nostalgia , but the information does n't exist .
It 's a pretty safe bet to assume that few media stories about trans people do n't revolve around the " you 're - so - brave " theme so prevalent in television today .
I 've mentioned in a previous column that holding a person in a position of pity is , in many ways , an expression of prejudice .
By showing how poor and pitiful our lives are , we encourage people to act in proposed " love " and " kindness , " stepping in to save children from this horrendous and sad way of life .
Take Americans for Truth , or Focus on the Family , Love in Action as examples .
It 's only a matter of time before they step in to keep little boys and girls from exploring their gender .
I can only hope that time quickly rubs the newness off the trans documentary world .
Understanding a struggle is one thing , yes .
It 's important that people know what we go through just to be ourselves .
However , equally important is that people see our lives as mundane and , for lack of a better word , normal .
I do n't spend every day wandering through old pictures , the soft , minor chords of a piano echoing in the distance , discussing tearfully the way I shook up my family tree when I made my decision to make my outside match my inside .
That kind of melancholy would n't leave time for Colts football , or fun with friends , or , you know , living my life .
Its only a matter of time before folk like me - twentysomethings out of college - or even younger trans folk get regularly featured on these shows .
Too many times we focus on the struggles of older trans folk trying to transition with added burdens of responsibility ; it certainly makes for great television .
I think that showing young , successful transgender people doing everyday things is a vital component of changing the popular trans narrative .
The sooner we can get past the drama , the sooner we can become run -of - the - mill people .
I mean , look at the GLB side of the spectrum : where homosexuality used to be a cue for soft piano music and dramatic conversation , modern media rarely makes a big fanfare about the coming - out process anymore .
The reasoning is simple : " Some people are homosexual .
Get over it . "
There have been growing pains to get to that point , but for the most part its generally accepted that gay , lesbian , and bisexual people exist , and their existence is not detrimental to the world around them .
In the meantime , welcome to the new , trans - happy media frenzy .
Let 's show them all just how mundane our lives really are .
Spaceflight Now +
Premium video content for our Spaceflight Now Plus subscribers .
Hill - climbing Mars rover
The Mars Exploration Rover Spirit has reached the summit of Husband Hill , returning a spectacular panorama from the hilltop in the vast Gusev Crater .
Scientists held a news conference Sept. 1 to reveal the panorama and give an update on the twin rover mission .
Full coverage
Planes track Discovery
To gain a new perspective on space shuttle Discovery 's ascent and gather additional imagery for the return to flight mission , NASA dispatched a pair of high - flying WB - 57 aircraft equipped with sharp video cameras in their noses .
Full coverage
Rocket booster cams
When space shuttle Discovery launched its two solid - fuel booster rockets were equipped with video cameras , providing dazzling footage of separation from the external fuel tank , their free fall and splashdown in the sea .
Full coverage
Discovery ferried home
Mounted atop a modified Boeing 747 , space shuttle Discovery was ferried across the country from Edwards Air Force Base , California , to Kennedy Space Center , Florida .
Full coverage
Shuttle tank returned
Shuttle fuel tank ET - 119 is loaded onto a barge at Kennedy Space Center for the trip back to Lockheed Martin 's Michoud Assembly Facility in New Orleans .
The tank will be used in the investigation to determine why foam peeled away from Discovery 's tank on STS - 114 in July .
Full coverage
Delta 4 launch delayed
Launch of the GOES - N weather observatory aboard a Boeing Delta 4 rocket is postponed at Cape Canaveral , Florida .
Full coverage
Mars probe leaves Earth
The Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter lifts off aboard a Lockheed Martin Atlas 5 rocket from Cape Canaveral 's Complex 41 .
Full coverage
Launch pad demolition
Explosives topple the abandoned Complex 13 mobile service tower at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station .
This video was shot from the blockhouse roof at neighboring Complex 14 where John Glenn was launched in 1962 .
Play video :
Full view | Close - up
Become a subscriber
More video
Hubble makes movie of Neptune 's atmosphere
SPACE TELESCOPE SCIENCE INSTITUTE NEWS RELEASE
Posted : September 4 , 2005
New NASA Hubble Space Telescope images of the distant planet Neptune show a dynamic atmosphere and capture the fleeting orbits of its satellites .
The images have been assembled into a time - lapse movie revealing the orbital motion of the satellites .
Credit : NASA , ESA , E. Karkoschka ( University of Arizona ) , and H.B. Hammel ( Space Science Institute , Boulder , Colorado ) .
Download larger image
Watch movie in QuickTime dial - up | broadband
Images were taken in 14 different colored filters probing various altitudes in Neptune 's deep atmosphere so that scientists can study the haze and clouds in detail .
These are several snapshots from the Neptune movie .
The natural - color view of Neptune ( to left ) , common to naked eye telescopic views by amateur astronomers , reveals a cyan colored planet .
Methane gas in Neptune 's atmosphere absorbs most of the red sunlight hitting the planet , making it look blue - green .
The image was created by combining images in red , green , and blue light .
Neptune 's subtle features are more visible in the enhanced - color view ( top right ) .
Images taken in special methane filters show details not visible to the human eye ( bottom right ) .
The features seen in this enhanced image must be above most of the sunlight - absorbing methane to be detectable through these special filters .
The planet is so dark at the methane wavelengths that long exposures can be taken , revealing some of Neptune 's smaller moons .
Clockwise from the top ( in composite image at left ) , these moons are Proteus ( the brightest ) , Larissa , Despina , and Galatea .
Neptune had 13 moons at last count .
Neptune is the most distant giant planet in our Solar System , orbiting the Sun every 165 years .
It is so large tht nearly 60 Earths could fit inside it .
A day on Neptune is between 14 hours and 19 hours .
The inner two thirds of Neptune is composed of a mixture of molten rock , water , liquid ammonia and methane .
The outer third is a mixture of heated gases comprised of hydrogen , helium , water and methane .
On April 29 and 30 , 2005 , Hubble images were taken every 4 - 5 hours , spaced at about a quarter of Neptune 's rotational period .
These where combined to create a time - lapse movie of the dynamic planet .
The Space Telescope Science Institute ( STScI ) is operated by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy , Inc. ( AURA ) , for NASA , under contract with the Goddard Space Flight Center , Greenbelt , MD .
The Hubble Space Telescope is a project of international cooperation between NASA and the European Space Agency ( ESA ) .
