The disgraced Tour de France winner Floyd Landis today made a series of devastating allegations of doping and corruption in the sport of cycling , claiming that former team - mates , including Lance Armstrong , the seven - times Tour winner , used performance - enhancing drugs and that high - ranking officials were complicit in the cover - up of a positive test for the synthetic blood booster erythropoietin ( EPO ) .
Landis , who was stripped of the 2006 Tour de France title after testing positive for illegal amounts of testosterone , also ended four years of denials and protestations of innocence to admit that he used banned substances , including EPO , steroids , human growth hormone , testosterone and blood transfusions , from 2002 onwards .
His claims were contained in emails sent to cycling officials and leaked to the media .
Having previously denied the charges against him , even setting up a Floyd Fairness Fund and raising $ 500,000 ( £ 350,000 ) to help his defence , Landis said his motivation for speaking out was to " clear my conscience " .
The timing of his allegations , he added , was due to the World Anti-Doping Agency 's statute of limitations ; under Wada rules action must be taken within eight years of the alleged offences .
" I do n't want to be part of the problem any more , " Landis told ESPN .
" I do n't feel guilty at all about having doped .
I did what I did because that 's what we [ cyclists ] did ...
Now we 've come to the point where the statute of limitations on the things I know is going to run out or start to run out next month .
If I do n't say something now then it 's pointless to ever say it . "
Landis , who had three seasons in Armstrong 's US Postal Service team , made his allegations in three emails sent to seven cycling officials between 30 April and 6 May .
In one of them , sent to US Cycling 's president , Stephen Johnson , Landis said he began doping in 2002 , the year he joined US Postal , and he then detailed how he was told how to administer blood transfusions , EPO and steroids , without fear of being caught .
As well as Armstrong , he implicates team directors , coaches and other top American riders .
Armstrong , who won the Tour de France in each of the three years in which Landis was a team - mate , last night dismissed the claims , questioning Landis 's mental state .
Speaking before today 's stage of the Tour of California , and standing alongside his long - time coach Johan Bruyneel , he said : " We have nothing to hide .
We have nothing to run from .
If anyone has any questions , we'd be more than happy to answer them . "
Asked whether he would sue Landis , Armstrong replied : " Legal action takes time , energy .
It takes a lot of money .
I have sued a few people in my day . "
Armstrong 's day did not get any better : he crashed during the stage and was taken to hospital for x-rays .
Pat McQuaid , the president of the International Cycling Union ( UCI ) , reacted angrily , describing the allegations as " scandalous and mischievous " .
McQuaid said : " These guys coming out now with things like this from the past is only damaging the sport .
If they 've any love for the sport they would n't do it . "
The UCI responded tonight to Landis 's allegation that the governing body covered up a positive test , saying it " categorically rejects ... the allegation that a positive doping result by Lance Armstrong during the 2002 Tour of Switzerland was concealed after an agreement was reached between the American rider , his directeur sportif Mr Johan Bruyneel and the former UCI president , Mr Hein Verbruggen .
" Deeply shocked by the gravity of this statement , which considerably impinges on the honour of all persons who have dedicated themselves to the fight against doping , the UCI wishes to clearly state that it has never changed or concealed a positive test result . "
The UCI statement added that Armstrong did not participate in the 2002 Tour of Switzerland .
Wada , meanwhile , promised to investigate .
The organisation 's president , John Fahey , said : " We are very interested in learning more about this matter and we will liaise with the United States Anti-Doping Agency and any other authorities with appropriate jurisdiction to get to the heart of the issues raised .
Wada looks forward to these further investigations and inquiries by those responsible .
" Wada encourages everyone with knowledge of banned practices in sport , including athletes who were caught cheating and who denied the evidence for years , to be forthcoming in disclosing the information they may have to the proper authorities . "
The new conservative style of commentary is , apparently , to opine on implausible rumors .
So we have this from the deathless Fred Barnes :
In Washington these days , President Obama is rumored to be hoping Republicans capture the House of Representatives in the midterm election in November .
There ’s no evidence for this speculation , so far as I know , but it ’s hardly far - fetched .
If Mr. Obama wants to avert a fiscal crisis and win re-election in 2012 , he needs House Speaker Nancy Pelosi to be removed from her powerful post .
A GOP takeover may be the only way .
Given the deficit - and - debt mess that Mr. Obama has on his hands , a Republican House would be a godsend .
A Republican Senate would help , too .
A Republican majority , should it materialize , could be counted on to pass significant cuts in domestic spending next year — cuts that Mrs. Pelosi and her allies in the House Democratic hierarchy would never countenance .
The delusional hilarity of these paragraphs is staggering –and reminiscent of John Podhoretz ’s fantasy account of the last meeting between Netanyahu and Obama .
Let me count the ways :
1 . There is no way the President is rooting for a Republican takeover of the Congress , given the extremist , recalcitrant path the party has taken in recent years .
The rumor that Barnes cites is nonsense .
2 . The Republicans have shown no–I mean , zero–interest in cutting the budget in the past .
They did n’t do it under Reagan ; they did n’t do it under Bush Junior .
Quite the opposite , they exploded the budget deficit with wars and tax cuts .
The exception was the Clinton era , when Ross Perot ’s success changed the political landscape for a few years , making budget - cutting cool .
But the Republicans ’ usual modus operandi is to take really courageous stands against federal funding for the arts–a huge program ! –or federally - funded abortion … overseas , or earmarks ( while sneaking their own pet projects into Christmas tree bills ) , but when a real budget - cutting proposal comes along like Rep.
Paul Ryan ’s honest but ridiculous Medicare evisceration , they run for the hills .
3 . There ai n’t all that much to cut .
Really .
The discretionary domestic spending that Barnes talks about is chump change .
The real money , as everyone knows , is in defense and entitlements .
Some leaders of the Tea Party movement , to their credit , have raised the possibility of cutting the defense budget ( which , in truth , is what the Secretary of Defense Robert Gates would like to do but ca n’t because of Congress , especially the sun belt Republicans with defense plants ) .
Social Security can be fixed fairly easily , and Barnes is right in this case –it ’s Democrats who oppose some of the more plausible fixes , like raising the retirement age ( although Republicans have demagogued the essential Clinton - initiated component of taxing the benefits of wealthy Social Security recipients ) .
And there is Medicare , where the real solution –moving recipients out of fee - for - service and into managed care–is about as popular as the oil spill .
So Barnes is peddling from an empty sack here–and , assuming an even rudimentary knowledge of the federal budget on his part , he knows it .
The fact that the Journal would print such twaddle as opinion and not the utterly cynical propaganda that it is shows the marked disintegration of respect for coherent thought at that Temple of Right - Thinking .
It would be nice to have an actual conversation about this stuff , but it just seems impossible .
Susan Gunn is a slender , pretty woman married to Robert , an investment manager .
Robert is a martial arts fiend and has a coiled - up , physical intensity that suggests he could , with one flick of his pinkie , pluck out your carotid artery .
Of course he would n't – he's a most genial man – but that impression must help in his line of work .
The Gunns live in a nice suburban street in the south of England with their three small boys , but there is not a toy or half - chewed rusk to be seen .
We sit around a glass coffee table .
The room is clean and modern , the furnishings are that chicken soup colour favoured by architects – and expensive private clinics .
Which is just where they are heading .
The Gunns want a baby girl .
They are off next week to California to undergo in vitro fertilisation using a screening process called preimplantation genetic diagnosis ( PGD ) .
The couple seem slightly bemused .
Not so much because they are travelling halfway round the world for a fantastically expensive and invasive treatment .
But because they can't quite understand how they ended up having three boys in the first place .
" Robert had always wanted a girl , " Susan says .
" We learned that our first child was a boy , and that was fantastic , and we kind of expected the next one to be a girl . "
Robert adds : " We were on the ' girl diet ' for months .
No red wine , no red meat , no coffee , and you had to have white rice and fish and chicken .
It was quite bizarre .
My friend was on it , too .
He had a girl . "
Robert and Susan had a second boy .
" But in my family , and in Robert 's , there are two boys and then two girls , " Susan says .
" I looked at my Christmas card list .
Very weirdly , most of our friends have got two boys , and the ones who did go on to have a third child had a girl .
Irrationally , I began to think to myself , ' Oh , this is how it is going to be … you have two boys and then you get a girl . ' "
But the Gunns got a third boy .
They are , of course , thrilled .
But , Susan says , " I got sick of walking down the high street past BabyGap and seeing these delightful little girl outfits in the window and just getting this pang .
This is an area of our lives that we can't influence unless we pay for it .
Hmm , that does n't sound very nice but … "
Robert , head down , shoulders hunched , adds : " We often get what we want in our lives .
But we work for it . "
And they did work for it .
They trawled the internet and found the Fertility Institutes clinic in Los Angeles , run by Doctor Jeffrey Steinberg .
They spoke to him on the phone .
They booked in .
Susan had the blood tests and has started the course of drugs , and soon they 'll be off to LA .
They 'll take the boys with them , and visit Disneyland between the egg harvesting and implantation .
Steinberg 's clinic is a slick operation .
It provides payment plans , a travel agent , a list of restaurants and hotels , and a babysitting service .
Total cost : £ 25,000 - £ 30,000 .
The couple have told a couple of close friends , and Susan 's mother .
Nobody else .
Robert says , " I wo n't tell my parents because my mother would use it as a dinner party conversation . "
The issue does come up at dinner parties .
" Once they 've done , ' Ohmigod , you 've got three boys ! ' they do , ' Are you going to try for a girl ? ' " Susan says .
" People have said , ' Oh , I 've heard you can do it abroad now .
Why do n't you just go abroad ? '
And we just kick each other under the table . "
Nicola and Michael Trathen run a property empire and live on the outskirts of Plymouth in a huge , opulently decorated manor house that doubles as a wedding venue .
Hosting weddings is just one of Nicola 's businesses .
Another is a cosmetic surgery clinic offering skin tightening and laser liposuction .
A side benefit is treatment on the house .
Nicola lifts up her shirt to reveal a perfectly flat , bronzed tummy .
" Not bad for six children , " she beams .
Ten years ago , the Trathens were in much the same position as the Gunns .
They had three boys and wanted a girl .
Then Nicola got pregnant again .
At 27 weeks she had a private scan to find out the sex of the child .
" They were 98 % positive it was a girl .
But I did n't do the pink nursery thing .
I did it all in mint and lemon , just in case . "
Which was just as well : the fourth baby turned out to be a boy .
" I was shocked , " she says .
" But it was my little boy , and quite naturally I absolutely adored him .
I thought , ' It was you I loved for the last nine months , not a little girl called Zara ! ' "
So Zara became Adam .
And Michael had a vasectomy .
" I can remember lying on the bed and just crying because we had decided we were n't going to have any more children and I could n't have a girl , " Nicola says .
" I remember seeing someone in town with a little girl all dressed up .
I thought , ' I 'm never going to have that . '
You 're not upset with what you have got .
You are traumatised by what you have n't got – rightly or wrongly .
And that is n't an emotion you can control . "
Then came a moment of revelation : " It was April and Adam was two months old .
I was sitting there feeding him , the TV was on , and I caught the tail end of this documentary .
[ Dr ]
Paul Rainsbury was talking about gender selection and he said it was possible to choose the sex of your child 100 % .
And it was like a bolt – oh my gosh !
I called Mike and said , ' That has got to be fate . ' "
Although Michael had had a vasectomy , they were able to extract his sperm , and Nicola went for the initial treatment at the Rainsbury Clinic in London .
She had IVF , and went to Spain for PGD treatment .
Seven weeks later , Nicola found out she was pregnant with twin girls .
She had the nursery prepared – special lights in the shape of the girls ' initials , pale , rose - pink walls chosen by a French designer , a bespoke circular cot with a little steeple from which to hang a princess train .
Georgia and ­Danielle Trathen .
Photograph : Thom Atkinson
When the twins were born , she called them Georgia and Danielle .
They are , says Nicola , " completely different from the boys in every respect .
The boys are rough and running around with guns .
The girls are usually attached to my side , drawing , doing make - up , nail varnish , watching princess movies and just chatting constantly .
Ah! I can hear Danielle . "
Out in the hallway are two pretty six - year - old girls in pink shifts .
They take me to their bedroom , a bower of pinkness , with a pink plastic princess palace and two pink double buggies , for Georgia and Danielle 's twin girl baby dolls .
The twins wriggle and clamber and tumble around the room .
They are lovely , lively girls .
One has straight blond hair , the other is a curly brunette .
One is academic , the other sporty .
Nicola gestures to the two little heads .
" You see , a mini me and a mini Daddy – but a beautiful mini Daddy . "
Mini Daddy still looks less than pleased : " Do n't want to be a mini Daddy . "
" That 's all right , darling .
You can be a mini Mummy , too . "
The Gunns and Trathens could never have their sex selection treatment in this country .
Unless there are serious medical grounds – such as a parent being a carrier for a sex - linked genetic disease – it is illegal in the UK to choose the sex of your child .
The original law , passed in 1993 , was further scrutinised in 2003 when the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority ( HFEA ) , the regulatory body for reproductive medicine in Britain , held a year - long public consultation .
Any discussion of sex selection is haunted by the spectre of the millions of missing girls of India and China .
The 2000 Chinese census showed there were 117 boys under the age of five to every 100 girls .
A similar trend is reported in India , which also has a deep - seated cultural preference for boys .
So one fear was that , with sex selection , the population of Britain would become unbalanced .
But the HFEA quickly concluded this was most unlikely .
Although " a disproportionately high " percentage of couples actively seeking sex selection were non-Europeans preferring boys , overall , families seemed to want both sexes .
Other reports suggest a mild preference among Caucasians for girls .
( Nicola Trathen says she has been contacted by more than 100 women seeking her advice , and most have wanted a girl . )
However , the HFEA did encounter another stumbling block : " a general moral consensus " against sex selection .
In a Mori poll , 82 % of the population opposed sex selection for non–medical reasons .
As the report said , " A great many respondents felt that sex selection was unqualifiedly wrong because it involved interference with divine will or with what they saw as the intrinsically virtuous course of nature . "
There was also mention of sex selection being a little farther down a slippery slope towards designer babies .
And then the real clincher : was n't sex selection for the benefit of the parents , rather than of the child ?
The report noted that , among some respondents , " The view was that it is one thing to wish to have a child of one sex rather than the other and another thing to take steps to bring it about , since positive intervention in this area changes one 's relationship to the outcome , replacing hopes with expectations …
Respect for the future child 's value as an individual precludes the exercise of control by parents over the kind of child it is to be , including over its sex . "
The HFEA concluded that the benefits of sex selection were " at best debatable and certainly not great enough to sustain a policy to which the great majority of the public are strongly opposed " .
The authority recommended a continuation of the ban .
In 2007 , the law was tightened further .
Until then , there had been a loophole .
" Sperm sorting " techniques were regulated only in cases where donor sperm was used , meaning that women who used their partner 's sperm were exempt from the law .
Today , all sperm sorting is banned .
So British couples wanting to choose the sex of their child must now go abroad , and the most common choice is the US , where sex selection is legal in every state .
There is no way of knowing how many women go – people tend to keep quiet about it .
But Steinberg 's clinic treats 25 to 30 British patients a year , while Rainsbury sees 70 to 80 women .
And the famous Genetics & IVF Institute ( GIVF ) , in Virginia , also has a steady contingent of British patients .
There are other clinics , too , so the overall figure is probably in the low hundreds .
Steinberg , a bullish , charismatic showman , has been offering PGD for 14 years , but over the last two , he says , " the business has just gone wild " .
The great majority of his sex selection cases are couples coming for " family balancing " .
It is rare , he says , for people to sex select when they have no children already .
He says he treats these cases with some caution and recommends counselling .
( Some clinics , such as GIVF , will carry out only " family balancing " , and restrict treatment to couples who already have at least one child of the other sex . )
Ninety per cent of Steinberg 's Chinese families come for boys and , for reasons he has n't fathomed , 70 % of his Canadian patients are trying for girls .
" The Brits are fairly evenly split , perhaps slightly favouring girls , " he says .
" When people come in , we can often tell what sex they want before they tell us , " he adds .
" We find that if it 's the woman who makes the first appointment , 70 % of the time they 're going to be wanting a girl .
If the man calls up , 90 % of the time it 's for a boy . "
The ban on sex selection in the UK provides Steinberg with a brisk business .
But he is puzzled by the British attitude .
" I trained in Cambridge .
The British were the pioneers in in vitro technology .
They were the most dynamic and aggressive practitioners and now …
Tch .
Well , it 's a British thing . "
But a change in attitudes , Steinberg believes , is inevitable .
He recalls the public furore 30 years ago when human in vitro fertilisation was first introduced .
" I remember somebody left a note on my car saying , ' Test tube babies have no souls . '
And now ?
Now it 's a non-issue . "
Last year , Steinberg announced his clinics would soon be offering his PGD patients the chance to select not only the sex of their babies , but also their eye and hair colour , and complexion .
The public response was not positive , and a month later he backed down .
" We dropped it .
I 'm very open .
OK , fine .
I realise this is not the correct thing to be doing now . "
Note that " now " .
Whether current science is really able to isolate eye or hair colour – and other fertility experts express doubt – doctor Steinberg 's assumption that the public eventually will adopt new technologies , however outlandish they may first appear , rings true .
We modify , we adapt and we build new rituals .
Sex selection may not be dinner party conversation just yet , but its normalisation is already under way .
GIVF gives each family a framed picture of their embryos just before implantation .
The institute also holds annual baby reunions , and families come back year after year with their kids .
Recently , the institute 's first IVF baby got married and a GIVF founder walked the bride down the aisle alongside her father .
We follow advances in medicine , and we are also pushed .
Take the foetal ultrasound .
Fifteen years ago , when I was pregnant with my first son , every mother had a scan at 18 - 20 weeks of gestation – it was a standard part of obstetric practice , as it still is today ( there is also now an earlier scan at eight to 14 weeks ) .
We were asked if we wanted to know the sex of the child , and some people said yes .
Some people , not most .
Since then , there has been a subtle shift .
Today , most women know the sex of the child they are carrying – because they can know .
The Gunns have always found out the sex of their babies .
Susan says , " I used to be a CEO of a company and Robert is a managing director .
So can you imagine coming from that mindset and having a baby in your body , and your baby holding a secret and you do n't know ?
In the nicest possible way , I needed to know . "
Today , those who decide they would rather wait until their baby is born to discover the sex can feel they are " holding out " .
Lisa Weinbrenn , a 37 - year - old television executive , is pregnant .
She says , " I can't tell you what I 'm having , and I think that is pretty unique .
If I knew , I would have projected a whole future for him or her .
I 'm excited about that lack of control . "
But women such as Weinbrenn seem increasingly to be in the minority .
The website in - gender.com gets more than 10,000 British emails a year .
The site acts , in part , as a confessional where women – usually with children of the other sex already – post to say that they are devastated not to have a baby girl or a baby boy .
Usually it 's a girl .
There is a lot of sadness and guilt and desperation .
Women express feelings they might not share with their partners , families or , in some cases , with their better selves .
The replies are universally supportive .
Last month , " English Rose " wrote that she was contemplating getting pregnant and aborting the foetus after the first scan if it was n't a girl .
The replies were n't : " Get a grip , woman !
That 's illegal . "
They were more along the lines of , " I 'm so sorry you are going through this . "
These communities act as a hothouse for what in the past might have gone unsaid .
A desire becomes a need , and then that need becomes pathologised .
From reading these sites , you might think these women suffered from an illness .
Like all good syndromes , this one has its own initials : GD ( Gender Disappointment ) – sometimes even EGD ( Extreme Gender Disappointment ) .
A researcher from the department of sociology and anthropology at the University of Guelph , in Canada , is currently carrying out a survey of GD sufferers .
It is a desire not restricted to go - getting types such as the Trathens or the Gunns , either .
Dr Gary Harton , who runs the PGD clinic at GIVF , says , " We get regular workaday folk .
He 's a cop .
She 's a schoolteacher .
It 's just very , very important to them .
People will take out mortgages , they 'll borrow from relatives .
They 'll do anything . "
At the moment , the cost of IVF treatment is prohibitive , and sperm sorting remains too hi-tech to be reduced to a DIY kit you can buy at the chemist .
But , sooner or later , the law in the UK may change .
The HFEA is not standing on very firm ground – it does not claim an overriding moral objection , but bases its decision on the fact that most people do n't really like the idea of sex selection .
This may be true now , but for how long ?
As our society becomes ever more commodified , and our sense of self - entitlement grows , so in every field of life we are making that little gear change from hope into expectation .
It may be only a matter of time before women are demanding PGD sex selection on the NHS .
If the state will fund IVF for a baby , why not for a baby girl ?
Or a baby boy ?
But at the heart of this debate remains the fact that every child , while belonging to one sexual group or another , is unique .
When you have a child , you open yourself to that uniqueness – our most intimate of relationships is with a person who starts out unknown to us .
So you choose your child 's sex at a price .
You compromise a little bit of that unknownness .
You chip away at the idea of their uniqueness .
And when you do have your baby , you do n't get a generic girl .
You get Susan .
Or Jane .
Or Eleanor .
Or Ted .
It is the end of the day and I 've just collected Ted , the younger of my two sons , from his school .
In the car , I tell him I 've been writing about people choosing the sex of their children .
He says , " What did you want ? "
" I do n't know , " I reply .
Of course I know .
" Before you were born , Granny used to say you'd be ' a little brown - eyed sister for Sam ' .
And then out came Ted ! "
I look at my lovely son .
Brown hair , freckles , lunch stains down his front , shirt hanging out .
He 's fiddling with the radio controls .
He always fiddles .
He says , " I mean , if you had a baby now ? "
" Well , of course I 'd want a girl ! "
He says , " Hmm . "
" Girls are less trouble , you know . "
" Yeah , " he says .
" But boys are funner . "
• Robert and Susan Gunn are pseudonyms .
Controversy Over Afghanistan Remarks German President Horst Köhler Resigns
German President Horst Köhler , under fire for controversial comments he made about Germany 's mission in Afghanistan , resigned with immediate effect on Monday in a shock announcement that comes as the latest in a series of blows to Chancellor Angela Merkel .
Here 's an amazing little bit of code which hacker ( and alumnus of MIT 's Hyperinstruments Group ) Tristan Jehan put together at the recent Music Hack Day in San Francisco .
The premise of the Python program is simple : take any song and make it swing .
The code accomplishes this task by taking each measure and time - stretching the first half of each beat while time - shrinking the second half .
Then blammo -- it swings .
Honestly , it 's best you just listen to the results yourself ... you 'll never hear " Enter Sandman " the same way again .
Check out a few examples after the break .
Spencer Wells has a job that most people would kill for .
He is explorer - in - residence for National Geographic and his work has taken him to every corner of the globe .
His particular interests have nothing to do with wild places , however .
His fascination lies with the people who inhabit these remote corners : how did they get there and what are their biological relations with other inhabitants of the planet ?
Wells is a geneticist and leader of the Genographic project , funded by National Geographic , which has traced the movements of human populations since we first emerged from our sub -Saharan homeland 100,000 years ago and colonised the planet .
In the process of this work , Wells noted that a swath of genetic changes occurred to our species around 12,000 years ago .
This was a crucial period for humanity as it was around this time that agriculture began its inexorable spread across Europe and Asia , changing Homo sapiens from hunter - gatherers to farming folk .
The consequences were profound and not always beneficial .
They also point to future problems for our species , as Wells argues in his latest book , Pandora 's Seed : The Unforeseen Cost of Civilization ( Allen Lane ) .
Why did humanity turn to agriculture 12,000 years ago ?
We were backed into a corner .
Conditions changed at the end of the ice age 17,000 years ago and , as the climate got warmer , populations began to expand .
Then there was a sudden reversal to ice age conditions during the Younger Dryas period 12,500 years ago .
The land could no longer support that growing population and we had to innovate – by developing farming .
It made sense in the short term , but there were consequences , both pleasant and unpleasant .
Give us some examples .
Before agriculture , humans were living on diets that included more than 150 plant species .
Then we started farming and that figure went down to around eight .
In fact , most calories came from wheat and barley , which are full of carbohydrates but have little protein .
Human health declined sharply .
We got shorter and life expectancy plunged .
In many parts of the world , it has yet to recover .
You argue that there were other consequences for society .
Yes .
When we were hunter - gatherers , we were relatively egalitarian .
Then the population expanded and the first towns appeared .
We had to find a way of ruling those people .
So governments came into play .
In addition , most hunter - gatherer societies today have a panoply of deities .
Gods are everywhere .
But as we started to control nature , we saw ourselves above nature .
Gods start to take on a human form , so monotheism appears around this time .
Then there is the issue of sexual relationships , which were probably egalitarian , as they are among hunter - gatherers today .
However , as we built more cities and , ultimately , empires , military might was needed and being physically strong and having military prowess became important .
Men , being stronger than women , probably developed a higher social standing this way .
What about the future ?
It is difficult to say what life is going to be like in 100 years , but certain things have clearly been set in motion , among them climate change .
That is why I have developed the concept of transgenerational power – the idea that we are making decisions locally , in the here and now , though these will take generations to play out .
We need more energy , so we pump the stuff out of the ground , but have only now realised , generations down the road , that there are unanticipated consequences .
Similarly , we are developing the ability to chose the genes we want for our offspring and , therefore , for our grandchildren and our great - grandchildren and so on .
Are we going to make the right decisions for the next century or the next millennium ?
We have not adapted psychologically to the notion of long - term consequences .
Can Homo sapiens do that ?
We have to become capable of it .
At the dawn of agriculture , there were around 5 million people on the planet .
There are 6.8 billion today and this figure is expected to peak at around 9.5 billion by 2050 .
For the first time in 70,000 years , for lots of reasons , human numbers will have reached a steady state .
At that time , there will be more people moving into the retirement category and fewer people in the young worker category .
There will be more people over 60 than under 15 for the first time in history – all over the world , not just in the developed world .
Will we be able to cope by 2050 ?
It is a question of utilising resources in a more intelligent way .
I have a phrase for it : want less .
I think that is the lesson we can take from current hunter - gatherer groups , people who still live in a way that our ancestors did .
They live within constraints .
We have got used to expansion and dominance .
Learning to recognise that we have limitations is going to be important .
Are you hopeful ?
I am because I think humans have the ability to innovate .
The issue is seeing the consequences , realising that there is a cost to what we are doing and recognising that now .
We are not adapted to think in those terms .
But if we can see that there are tangible consequences to what we are doing in the here and now , then I think we will be spurred into action .
Rutgers ' Oscar Schofield and five colleagues from other institutions have published in Science , calling for expanded ocean - observing in the Antarctic , particularly in the Western Antarctic Peninsula , or WAP .
This mountainous arm of the continent stretches north toward South America .
In their review paper , the co-authors , who have done research in the Antarctic , often together , argue that research in this region is imperative because the WAP 's climate is changing faster than the climate in the rest of the continent , and the Antarctic climate is changing faster than anywhere else on the planet .
For a description of some of the research supporting this understanding , click here and here .
The authors ' case for a greatly expanded ocean - observing capability in the peninsula is stark .
They observe that eighty - seven percent of the peninsula 's glaciers are in retreat , the ice season has shortened by 90 days , and perennial sea ice is no longer a feature of this environment .
They also point out that these changes are accelerating .
Until recently , most oceanographic research in the Antarctic was done from government - funded ships .
Ships are expensive , limited by harsh weather , and only useful during the Antarctic summer .
Scientists also have been using satellite data for the past 30 years , but since the Antarctic is often cloud - covered , such data are often incomplete .
Schofield and his colleagues suggest a " nested , multi- platform " approach to Antarctic research .
This strategy would employ ships , satellites , drifting sensors , submersible robots , and sensors mounted on animals such as seals and whales .
The authors write that such a strategy should quantify a heat budget ( the sum of incoming and outgoing heat ) for the atmosphere and ocean , help scientists understand how the deep ocean is interacting with shelf waters , how this flux changes with time , and how this affects regional marine climate , ice dynamics and ecology .
The authors write that the ocean surrounding Antarctica is warming and that this warming has driven the deglaciation of the peninsula .
They write that the interplay between ice , atmosphere and ocean in the in the peninsula produces a positive feedback -- a situation in which a system responds to changes by amplifying subsequent changes .
In the case of the Western Antarctic Peninsula , this means that ice , ocean and atmosphere work to increase each other 's temperature and the rate at which their temperatures increase .
However , the authors report that the mechanism of this interplay is not well understood , and expanded ocean - observing systems will help scientific understanding .
Schofield is a professor of marine science and co-director of the Coastal Ocean Observation Laboratory in the Institute of Marine and Coastal Sciences , part of the School of Environmental and Biological Sciences at Rutgers .
His co-authors are Hugh Ducklow , of the Marine Biological Laboratory in Woods Hole , Mass . ; Douglas G. Martinson of Columbia University 's Lamont - Doherty Earth Observatory ; Michael P. Meredith , of the British Antarctic Survey ; Mark A. Moline , of California Polytechnic University , San Luis Obispo ; and William R. Fraser of the Polar Ocean Research Group in Sheridan , Mont. , who does most of his work at Palmer Station , Antarctica .
The concept of a " Twitter Revolution , " as challenged by Esfandiari and others , is rooted in the idea that Twitter was the lifeblood of the Green revolution .
Taking this definition , Esfandiari and other critics are right : Twitter was no secret weapon that magically made the Islamic Republic disappear .
" Twitter cannot stop a bullet , " mused Charles Krauthammer on the Green Revolution 's anniversary .
" There was a lot of romantic outpouring here thinking that Facebook is going to stop the Revolutionary Guards .
It does n't .
Thuggery , a determined regime that is oppressive , that will shoot , almost always wins . "
Social media tools like Facebook and Twitter , now our bread and butter , were more influential in mobilizing Diaspora Iranians and international observers in solidarity rather than coordinating street protests inside Iran .
But while Twitter failed as an organizational tool , the Green movement remains the first major world event broadcast worldwide almost entirely via social media .
Given the extent of the Iranian regime of repression , the amount of information publicized real - time through social networks allowed the international community an unprecedented peek into the turmoil afflicting Iran .
For the Greens , the international reaction to the post-election violence gave the movement critical international visibility .
While crowd sourcing is now a familiar concept to even the marginally tech - savvy , Twitter 's use on a massive scale was rarely contemplated nor executed prior to the Iranian election .
The Green revolution was a Twitter revolution ; while social media fell short organizationally , it brought the violence in the streets of Tehran to the forefront of the geopolitical conversation .
The unprecedented use of Twitter also situated the micro-blogging service at the center of a global social transformation .
The Green Revolution was far from social media 's political coming - out party ; Barack Obama 's media - centric 2008 presidential campaign was an early testing ground for new media as a means for political communication and organization , and the practices pioneered there quickly spread to other political movements around the globe .
But it was the critical role of Twitter as a lightning rod for international attention that established it as a tool for political communication rather than outright organization .
Iran 's post-election unrest was the micro- blogging service 's baptism by fire as a means to observe , report , and record , real - time , the unfolding of a crisis .
Since the Iranian election protests , Twitter has provided eyes and ears in the direst situations .
The earthquakes in Haiti and Chile earlier this year provided striking examples .
With Haiti's communications infrastructure virtually obliterated and cell phones an inconsistent lifeline , Twitter and other social media provided a glimpse of conditions on the ground .
Mashable 's Ben Parr reported that thousands of Facebook and Twitter updates appeared every minute , while Twitter was used to disseminate " moving and gut - wrenching TwitPics of the disaster .
" Following the 8.8 magnitude quake in Chile , Victor Herrero of USA Today wrote that in Conception , the epicenter of the quake " social - networking tools such as Twitter , Facebook and some Google applications have been at the forefront of transmitting highly localized information ... about finding families and friends , food and water , ways to get transportation . "
As in Iran , Hatians and Chileans used social media to create a mosaic of the human drama on the ground .
And the medium 's potential as an organizational tool continues to evolve , as we 've seen in the case of South Korea 's recent elections , narrowly overlapping with the anniversary of last year 's political unrest in Iran .
The Green Revolution in Iran was muzzled , sadly , its political organs now defunct and its development totally stifled although the movement continues to put pressure on the Iranian regime a year after its initial protests .
The Twitter Revolution , however , is far from over .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
A tactile tool to randomly combine a plot , a subject and a setting or style , the Brainstormer can provide that elusive moment of inspiration for writers , painters , or any kind of creative endeavour .
The Five Minute Fiction Writing Exercise That Will Get You Published
The Brainstormer can serve as a limitless supply of fiction writing exercises .
Ideas from
The Brainstormer can spark a quick flash fiction workout , ignite short stories , or even kick off entire screenplays or novels .
You can also use the World Builder to create rich and unexpected settings , and the Character Builder wheel to create fascinating three dimensional characters , or try the Sci -Fi Brainstormer for a sci- fi flavor .
Writing killer fiction takes practice .
Practice takes inspiration .
Just spending a few minutes writing less than a page every day , using random ideas from The Brainstormer will elevate your writing and inspire the kinds of original ideas that make publishers salivate over your manuscript .
The Best Defense Against Writer 's Block
It 's a terrible feeling to be stuck facing a blank page .
You know that once you get started , once you build that momentum it can carry you to a stack of pages ready for a deadline .
But where to begin ?
The Brainstormer is a powerful weapon against writer 's block .
It 's that little , magical push to get you started .
What 's New in Version 2.0.0
HUGE UPDATE !
Supports all iPhone screen sizes !
Apple Watch support for ideas on the go !
Export and Share Wheel Sets
Improved Word Editor
Use International Characters and Emoji !
New Sci-Fi Brainstormer
Edit Words from your desktop Browser
Feature Packed , Fiction Powered
Time - tested and artist - proven , featuring the carefully curated ' Classic Brainstormer ' lists .
Circular ' Wheel Mode ' and linear ' Slot Machine ' mode provides two views into the nearly endless combinations .
Shake your device or roll the dice for " Random Spin " .
Lock any of the wheels to fine tune your spins .
Fully editable : Tweak the Classic ' Brainstormer ' or create your own wheels entirely .
Export and Share your wheels with others via email , AirDrop and more .
Supports International Characters and Emoji !
Found the perfect combination ?
Send it via email or share it on Twitter and Facebook .
Apple Watch support for ideas on the go !
Edit your wheels in your browser over Wi-Fi .
Show me the Screenshots
Wheel mode : spin the wheels to generate unique combinations of plot / conflict , style / setting , and subject / location .
Slot mode .
Shake the device ( or roll the dice ) for a random spin !
The word lists are fully editable .
Make your own wheels .
In addition to the Classic Brainstormer , try the World Builder , Character Builder , Creature Builder and Sci-Fi Brainstormer !
Share your inspiration via email , Twitter or Facebook .
Now supports International Characters and Emoji .
Desktop Editing !
Edit wheel sets from your destop browser .
Try it Online
Try the FREE online version of The Brainstomer :
The Brainstormer Online
Get it now !
History
The original Brainstormer was created by concept artist Andrew Bosley while he was in art school at SJSU , studying visual development and illustration .
As Andrew describes it , " I was always trying to give myself little concept projects to keep myself sharp and thinking .
So I created a list of objects , persons , things , etc. and a list of styles , adjectives , etc .
These very large lists were in the back of my very first Moleskine ( an address book used as a sketchbook ) .
Sketch Hunter , the art of Andrew Bosley
Educational Discount
The Brainstormer is participating in Apple 's discount for educational institutions .
If you are joining the many schools and workshops using The Brainstormer in their curriculum , you may be eligable for discounted pricing .
See Apple 's Educational Volume Pricing Program page for details .
Apple has rejected an animated seal - clubbing game , in a move that many may consider to be a smidgen inconsistent .
iSealClub allows the happy bloodthirsty user to batter the bejesus out of blubbery aquatic mammals .
The clubbing of seal cubs is illegal even in Canada , so the game knocks off points for any attempt at that while the cub makes a successful getaway .
But that 's not enough for Apple , which has rejected the application citing the rules on " objectionable " content .
The developer argues that gunning down animals for fun is perfectly permissible as evidenced by all the hunting games on iTunes , while Pocket God encourages players to flick pygmies into volcanoes and Grand Theft Auto allows the gunning down of police officers just to watch them die .
Inconsistencies from Apple are nothing new , though this is the first one that 's earned Steve Jobs a box of chocolates : sent from PETA in recognition of his sterling work for non-existent animal welfare .
The developer figured he'd be OK based on previous approvals , but one can't help thinking that anyone involved in Apple development should know better by now . ®
( Edit note , May 2010 .
I have revived this piece from the deep archives .
I wrote this originally written back in 2007 , and since then the popularity of instant ramen has continued to grow .
Incidentally , I 've gotten a fair number of angry emails and comments to this post over the years , as though I 'm attacking a fundamental right of people or something .
I find this very interesting . )
Perusing a number of links related to the food stamp budget experiments , a popular cheap food item that keeps coming up is instant ramen noodles .
Indeed , instant ramen has become a go - to food for many people on tight budgets , including students .
As I wrote , even during my very lean ( budget - wise ) years I did n't try to fill up on instant ramen , since it has been ingrained for a long time in my mind - by my mother , by home economics and health classes in school in Japan , not to mention plain common sense - that instant ramen is quite nutritionally horrendous .
Some people erroneously think instant ramen is healthy just because it 's Japanese .
( This has been brought up here before .
( Ramen is a dish with Chinese roots , but modern instant ramen was invented in Japan . )
It 's possible also that instant ramen seems healthy , because it 's noodles in soup - and all soups are hot and nourishing and good for you , right ?
Not quite .
So what makes instant ramen bad ?
It 's the manufacturing process .
In order to create a dessicated , long - keeping noodle that cooks in a couple of minutes , it 's deep - fried in oil .
There are air - dried instant ramen varieties out there , but they take a bit longer to cook ( though it 's only about 5 minutes ) , and more importantly are not the real cheap kind .
The 5 - packs - for - a - buck kind are definitely not air dried .
To make things worse , the instant soup mix has more fat in it , not to mention a lot of sodium , monosodium glutamate ( MSG ) , preservatives and other mystery ingredients .
You may not be one of the people who is sensitive to the effects of MSG , but the high sodium content is definitely something be wary of .
Take a look at the nutritional information for Maruchan instant beef noodles for example , noting that they suggest a serving size of half a pack .
When is the last time you ate just 1/2 a pack of instant ramen ?
A full pack , which is what most people have , is 380 calories , 126 of which are from fat , and most of the rest from white flour .
Cup noodles ( also called cup ramen , pot noodles , etc. ) are just as bad .
The rather healthy sounding Nissin Chicken Flavor with Vegetable Medley have 290 calories per 1 cup serving , which come almost exclusively from fat , white flour , and sugar .
And really , how satisfying is a cup noodle ?
( Note : the previous label at Calorie Count had different numbers ; this paragraph has been edited to reflect the new label .
Also see this label reproduced on The Daily Plate , 1 cup is 1 serving , which contains 300 calories .
Still , it contains 13 grams of fat ( 9 g saturated fat ) , 1060 mg of sodium and the carbohydrates come from refined white flour .
Do you still want to consider this a healthy snack ? )
Now , I never said that you have to avoid instant ramen entirely .
I do n't believe in totally banning certain kinds of foods from your diet , since that leads to cravings , which build up and build up until you cave in to those cravings - more often than not in excessive amounts .
I eat instant ramen sometimes .
I grew up with instant ramen - the brick kind was invented sometime before I was born , but cup noodles definitely were invented during my lifetime .
I still remember the excitement I felt when I got my first UFO instant yakisoba - I mean , yakosoba in 3 minutes !
Wow !
Whenever I 'm back in Japan , I love to roam around the aisles of konbini ( convenience stores ) where they always have the latest and greatest in instant noodle products .
But you know , I also love potato chips , and Doritos , and even Pringles too .
Do I eat them every day as a meal ?
Not on your life .
Do you eat a bag of potato chips or Doritos as a meal ?
Do you let your kids eat things like that instead of lunch ?
Maybe you do , in which case go ahead and give them ramen too , but otherwise you may want to reconsider .
In short , cheap instant ramen is junk food , on the same plane as potato chips .
You might as well eat Twinkies or Cheese Doodles instead .
Really .
But , I like the convenience !
If you like cheap , quick - cook noodles , you can try thin pasta like spaghettini or angel - hair ( capellini ) or vermicelli - they are made of refined flour too , but are n't deep fried in oil .
You can also look for air - dried instant ramen noodles , which take a bit longer to cook ( 5 - 7 minutes or so vs. 3 minutes for the fried kind ) and are more expensive .
Not using all of the soup packet that comes with the noodles can cut down a little bit on the fat , and a lot on the salt .
( But then again ... what 's the point of instant ramen without that soup ? )
But the noodles themselves are the main nutritional culprit .
But , I add vegetables and stuff to my ramen !
That makes it healthy !
Does having a small salad with a bag of potato chips make the combination automatically healthy ?
But , it 's warm and it 's soup !
That makes it healthy and homey and all that !
I 've noticed that in the west , or in the U.S. anyway , there 's this interesting correlation : hot food = ' nourishing ' , and cold ( or rather , cooked and cold , un- reheated ) food = ' sad ' .
( I have to fight against " cold food = sad " equation every time when trying to convince people that bento lunches are nourishing and satisfying and meant to be eaten cold , or at room temperature .
( Note : there are other cultures have a bias against cold food in general too . )
But anyway , just because it's hot and soup - like , does n't meant that ramen is good , nourishing food .
Footnote
One day in March when I was in Japan , my mother got a sudden craving for instant cup ramen noodles .
Ever since having major internal surgery in January , she 's been having all kinds of odd cravings , for foods she has n't been eating for ages .
She had n't had any cup noodles for years , since she 's usually very much into fresh , real food .
Anyway , I popped over to 7 - 11 and bought a selection of cup noodles ( of which there are so many interesting kinds in Japan ) and we had a little cup - noodle fest .
The cup noodles were okay ( though we both decided that the classic flavors were way better than the new - fangled ones like White Stew and Seafood Miso and so on ) but afterwards , we both felt pretty queasy .
Just like that feeling you get after ploughing through a bag of chips , but considerably worse .
This got me thinking about why we eat junk food like this , knowing we will feel bad afterwards .
Do they really taste so good that they are worth the sick feeling later ?
Or is it some kind of addiction thing , to all that fat and salt or sugar mixed together ?
One more footnote
Apparently some people lack the ability to read .
Did I ever say that you should avoid eating instant ramen altogether ?
No I did not .
I 've said repeatedly that I eat instant ramen on occasion myself .
And of course it 's entirely up to you as to what you eat .
( Comments are now closed .
I believe that every single point of view on the subject has been expressed by now .
Do n't bother emailing me about it either . )
Submitted by maki on 2010 - 05 - 06 21:05 .
If you enjoyed this article , please consider becoming my patron via Patreon .
^_^ Become a Patron !
Filed under : japanese
Legend of Priest and Were - Wolves .
from Gerald de Barri's " Topographia Hibernica "
( MS. Roy. 13 B. viii . )
In Ireland in 1182 , a priest travelling from Ulster into Meath , and having to pass the night in a wood , was sitting by a fire which he had made , when a wolf accosted him in human speech .
He was , he said , a man of Ossory , on whose race lay an ancient curse , whereby every seven years a man and a woman were changed into wolves ; at the end of seven years they recovered their proper form , and two others suffered a like transformation .
He and his wife were the present victims of the curse ; his wife was at the point of death , and he prayed the priest to come and give her the viaticum . *
After some hesitation the priest complied ; and next morning the wolf put him in the right road , and took leave of him with words of gratitude .
The priest doubted whether he had not done wrong , and consulted many theologians on the point .
In the end he went to the Pope ; the result is not stated .
* [ AJ Note : Viaticum .
Holy Eucharist given to the dying . ]
Text source :
Green , John Richard .
A Short History of the English People .
Vol. 2 .
London : G. Newnes , 1908 .
lxix - lxxx .
Image source : ibid. 895 .
Frustration with Washington is deep and unending , but that includes stark disapproval of GOP congressional policy .
From a new ABC / WaPo poll ( MoE +/- 3 ) :
The national survey shows that 29 percent of Americans now say they are inclined to support their House representative in November , even lower than in 1994 , when voters swept the Democrats out of power in the that chamber after 40 years in the majority .
The poll also finds growing disapproval of the " tea party " movement , with half the population now expressing an unfavorable impression of the loosely aligned protest campaign that has shaken up politics this year .
And at a time when Republicans anticipate significant gains in House and Senate elections , there is also fresh evidence of the challenges facing the GOP .
Six in 10 poll respondents say they have a negative view of the policies put forward by the Republican minority in Congress , and about a third say they trust Republicans over Democrats to handle the nation 's main problems .
Democrats are not off the hook , by any means .
They hold the majority , and the country expects them to actually be doing something about the problems we face .
Luckily for Democrats , there are Republicans .
Democrats are likely to suffer disproportionately from the tough climate :
They are in the majority in both houses of Congress and are defending many more districts than Republicans .
The public sees little improvement in the nation 's direction or the state of the economy .
Six in 10 say the country is on the wrong track and 88 percent rate the economy as not good or poor , with just 30 percent saying it is improving .
Yet Democrats maintain at least one advantage :
They hold a double - digit edge over the GOP as the party that people trust to handle the country 's main problems .
Another big element that may mute the threat to Democrats is that the GOP has not gained significant traction .
Most Americans -- including nearly a third of self - identified Republicans -- say they are dissatisfied with or angry at the policies of congressional Republicans .
These numbers have changed little since last November , despite the GOP 's focus on offering a more concrete agenda rather than simply Democratic proposals .
Concrete agenda ?
I did n't know " repeal health reform " was considered a concrete agenda .
The country clearly does n't think so .
One thing is pretty clear for this and other polling : Democrats are in trouble this fall ( Dems only lead the generic ballot by 3 ( 47 - 44 ) and 59 % say they could change their mind ) , and voters are very angry at Washington for helping Wall Street but not Main Street , but GOP strength is greatly exaggerated ( as is the strength of the tea party outside of GOP primaries , where damage is being done to moderate and establishment Republican candidates .... see NV later today . )
Change is coming , but what it manifests as is not going to be so easily predictable .
This does n't fit neatly into the " Dems in disarray " and " Obama is Carter " narrative some in the media are trying to push .
How can it when only a third of the country prefer R to D ideas and policy ?
Bush dead - enders always number a third .
Obama 's overall approval ratings have remained fairly steady .
More than half of those surveyed , 52 percent , say they approve of the way he is handling his job , and for the first time since last fall , half approve of how he is dealing with the economy .
I think the best analysis comes from a tongue - in - cheek Christopher Beam article speculating about if the headlines were written by political scientists and not pundits and political journos :
Obama now faces some of the most difficult challenges of his young presidency : the ongoing oil spill , the Gaza flotilla disaster , and revelations about possibly inappropriate conversations between the White House and candidates for federal office .
But while these narratives may affect fleeting public perceptions , Americans will ultimately judge Obama on the crude economic fundamentals of jobs numbers and GDP .
True , that .
But one thing has yet to play out : the BP FUBAR in the Gulf , anger at Wall Street , and how both hurt the Republican case for de-regulation the party has run on for years .
Low Cost Ways To Buy Dividend Stocks
I recently did a review of ShareOwner discount brokerage , which promotes regular dividend stock purchases .
One thing that came out of that review , is that regardless of how cheap the trading costs are – regular purchases of stocks are quite expensive .
In this post , I ’m going to discuss some strategies to buy dividend stocks ( or any other kind of stocks ) in the cheapest manner possible at discount brokerages .
Some low cost strategies for buying stocks
Buy one stock at a time .
Buy less often .
Save up for your purchases until the commissions are less than 1 % of the purchase price .
Shop around for lower account administration fees .
Pick the appropriate brokerage for trading fees .
1 ) Buy one stock at a time
If you want to make regular purchases with your money , then do n’t buy more than one stock each time .
For example if you have $ 500 per month to invest and a portfolio of 5 stocks to add to – just pick one stock each month and buy $ 500 worth of that stock .
Regardless of your trading costs , doing one trade per month vs five is 80 % cheaper .
2 ) Save up your money and buy less often
If you can handle keeping some cash in your trading account for a while , then how about saving up your coins for six months and then make some purchases .
If you have been purchasing stocks monthly and then switch to twice a year – your trade costs will be reduced by 83 %
3 ) Shop around for lower account administration fees and other costs
Annual administrative fees vary quite a bit between financial instituation and between account types .
At Questrade , there are no account fees regardless of the type of account or your balance .
Most of the big banks charge $ 50 / year in fees until your account balance is greater than $ 25,000 .
ShareOwner has no account fee for their unregistered account , but their annual RRSP fee is a whopping $ 79 .
ShareOwner also charges “ withdrawal fees ” which are applied if you remove money from your account .
4 ) Pick a brokerage that fits your trading patterns .
I picked Questrade discount brokerage because they meet my needs and are the cheapest brokerage in Canada .
The trades are $ 4.95 and there are no annual account fees .
However , it ’s important for investors to look at their own situation when deciding on which brokerage to use .
If you like to buy several stocks at a time , then ShareOwner might be the best choice .
They have a maximum fee of $ 40 per trade batch so you can make a purchase in 40 stocks and it will only cost $ 40 .
Bargain .
Active traders have to look at costs , but they also need to consider the trading platform .
There is no point in saving $ 4 per trade if the best available trading platform does n’t allow them to trade the way they want to .
If you like to get more services , such as research reports then you might have to go to a more expensive brokerage .
Converting currencies ?
Interactive Brokers has the cheapest currency conversion rates by far .
However , do n’t even think of opening up an RRSP at IB because they do n’t have them .
Any other suggestions on what to look for in a brokerage ?
Two sets of parents are suing the Greater Toronto Hockey League , one of its clubs and four coaches for $ 25,000 each because their sons were cut by the Avalanche Minor Sports Club midget junior A team during tryouts in April .
It ’s the first time parents in the GTHL have ever taken legal action against the league or one of its teams for declining the services of their children , says league president John Gardner .
Even nationally , it ’s a rare event .
“ We have had very few lawsuits on ice time or ( player ) cuts , ” said Hockey Canada 's Glen McCurdie director of member services .
“ There are more threats than actual suits . ”
Vito Valela and David Longo are both suing on behalf of their sons , Christopher and Daniel respectively .
Besides the GTHL , Avalanche Minor Sports president Anthony Iantorno as well as team officials Doriano Pistarelli , Andy Vandenberk , Felice Guglielmi and Peter Posca are named as defendants in the action .
“ Their direct actions have caused irreparable psychological damage to Daniel Longo ’s self esteem as an impressionable teenager and demoralized Daniel as an athlete and team hockey player with his peers , ” the Longo statement of claim reads .
“ The conduct by all defendants destroyed the dignity of my son , whom in good conscience gave his team nothing but his best efforts . ”
Valela ’s statement of claim states : “ When Christopher was advised of his termination by my wife and I , he vowed never to play the game he loved since childhood .
And , morevoer , his misguided group of defendants demoralized my wife and I , whom had gone well beyond the call of duty as parents in support of the Toronto Avalanche hockey team for two seasons . ”
None of the claims have been proved in court .
Christopher has signed with Hillcrest Summits , the statement reads .
“ Thank the good Lord that my son had the courage and strength to compose himself in his demoralized state , ” reads the statement of claim .
A statement of defence from the defendants says more than 70 players tried out for the Avalanche Midget Jr. team .
“ We were looking for 17 players .
It was inevitable there were going to be players released . …
All players attending try - outs from the Minor league level to the National League level ( i.e. NHL and Canadian Olympic Team ) realize that not making the team they are trying out for is a strong possibility and a lawsuit does not solve anything . ”
Both teens had been with the Avalanche 2009 - 2010 .
Longo ’s claim states that Daniel was never issued a permission to skate form — which allows a player to try out for another team — so he believed “ Daniel was in fact on the team . ”
Both complaints cite that coaches Guglielmi and Posca were suspended for a year by the GTHL for tampering on May 20 , 2009 and therefore , the parents claim the men were not legitimately able to advertise themselves as coaches for 2010 - 2011 season , run the tryouts in April and ultimately cut their 15 - year - old sons .
“ They terminated my son and the GTHL supported that ‘ illegal authority ’ , ” Vito Valela told the Star .
“ It was n’t just that they ( coaches ) were under suspension , ” Longo said .
“ It was the way they cut them and the method they used . ”
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
However , GTHL executive director Scott Oakman confirmed although the coaches were under suspension , the rules permit any player or team official whose suspensions run past the conclusion of games played in a season to participate in tryouts .
“ There is no indication they have violated any rules that I am aware of at this time , ” Oakman said and added that neither parent has requested a hearing as required when players are aggrieved .
It makes sense that banking is so much larger than all of the other industries –after all , it ’s where all the other companies , as well as governments , go to salt their money away .
But in light of that , it makes the recent revelations about Wall Street ’s penchant for unregulated derivatives , “ proprietary trading , ” and venal sales practices pretty chilling .
How is it that the biggest part of our corporate landscape is also allowed to have the least oversight of the risks it they take on ?
We ’d give up stunning infographics like this to see that change .
Click here for the full - size version .
Takaaki Mitsuhashi , an 40 - year - old economic analyst , has made a name from himself by penning books on economic policy .
He is a regular inhabitant of 2 ch , Japan 's largest bulletin board .
And now , he is running for political office .
Advertisement
In an effort to campaign for Japan 's House of Councillors election , he hosted a " cosplay party " at the Liberal Democratic Party 's Tokyo headquarters .
About 200 people showed up , cosplaying and singing karaoke .
He said he wanted to cosplay so that people would think that the LDP has changed .
Mitsuhashi dressed up as Gendo from anime Neon Genesis Evangelion .
三橋貴明氏 コスプレ姿で 「 自民党は変わった 」 [ スポニチ Sponichi Annex ニュース via AnineNewsNetwork ]
By Steve Goddard
From the Declining Spring Snowpack Department :
Mammoth Mountain , California June 2 , 2010
This week ’s leaderboard :
State % of Average Snowpack -----------
------------
NEVADA 186 CALIFORNIA
176 OREGON 154 IDAHO 129 WYOMING 116 MONTANA 114 WASHINGTON 112 UTAH 107 ALASKA 79 COLORADO 54 NEW MEXICO 36 ARIZONA 9
A few years ago , our friends at Real Climate made this not very insightful post :
Has Pacific Northwest snowpack declined ?
Yes .
Well , actually – no .
Oregon State Climatologist George Taylor lost his job over this issue .
He dared to question the Global Warming Church Orthodoxy .
George Taylor on Global Warming .
by Gienie Assink Tuesday , October 16 .
2007
By : Suzanne Penegor
Oregon State Climatologist George Taylor returned to the Lane County Rubicon Society on Sept. 27th to speak as a private citizen regarding global warming issues .
The political climate for Taylor has been heated since he disagreed with Gov. Kulongoski by refusing to toe the “ politically correct ” political line .
Taylor said he still expects the governor to take away his title of state climatologist because of a slight disagreement on global warming issues .
When Kulongoski developed the Oregon Strategy for Greenhouse Gas Reductions recently , he did n’t even ask for Taylor ’s input .
Taylor discussed the history of climate cycles and how , for example , Oregon ’s climate was actually much warmer in the 1930s than they are today .
Also in the early 1800s there were 2 years where we had no summers in the US .
Taylor said World War II enhanced a temperature increase and discussed how cities ’ temperatures tend to be higher than rural areas due to human development .
Taylor noted that where measurements are taken can affect the temperatures and the data we use to determine climate changes .
Taylor said the greenhouse effect is invisible and essential to life on Earth .
He said 90 % of it is water vapor and then the rest of it is methane and carbon dioxide .
Taylor noted that the tropical pacific patterns , the El Nino and La Nina events , and the impact they have on global temperatures overall .
He said humans have some impact , but not nearly as much as sunspot activity or natural disturbances like volcanic activity over time .
Taylor went on to say that those who espouse the global warming line often point to the snowpack levels .
He said a Washington climatologist was fired over climate issues that were not politically correct regarding snowpack levels and left sided concerns .
Taylor said there are cyclical periods of La Nina and El Nino which effect snowpack levels .
He said the debate over sea level changes is an ongoing debate over whether the current changes are steady and reliable trends .
He also mentioned how it is estimated that at the current rate , the global sea level may rise 8 to 17 inches per 100 years .
Moreover , heating the ocean takes a considerable amount of time .
He said in the 1940s there was also an increase in arctic temperatures .
And in the 1970s the big concern in the media was the possibility of another ice age or global cooling .
Taylor goes on to say scientists believe that in 2020 the global climate could return to a cooler period as sunspot activity is expected to change .
Taylor addressed the issue of whether the glaciers , sharing how they are shrinking due to human impact .
He said there was much melting of the glaciers before 1950 and the SUV theory was a bit off .
Taylor said surface temperatures may not be the best measure of climate change anyway , particularly on where the measurements are taken .
It was noted that the Montreal Protocol banned the use of human - made compounds that were suspected of damaging the ozone layer ; however , no apparent change has occurred since that Protocol was created , so it begs the question of whether humans really impact the ozone layer as scientists predicted .
Taylor is a published author of several books regarding Oregon ’s climate history .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Last night 's announcement that the US is launching a criminal investigation into the Gulf of Mexico disaster capped off BP 's worst day in a torrid six weeks since the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded and sank on 20 April , killing 11 workers .
The firm 's shares plummeted by 13 % today , wiping £ 12bn off the company 's value , as financial markets reacted to the news that oil is likely to continue spewing into the Gulf of Mexico for at least two more months .
It was the worst one - day fall for 18 years for what was once Britain 's most valuable company .
Political pressure is also mounting from the US , where BP 's ongoing failure to stem the leak has led for calls to Barack Obama to take a more hardline approach , and some commentators are predicting the oil giant could face an operating ban in the country .
Robert Reich , the former labour secretary under Bill Clinton , today called for BP 's US operations to be seized by the government until the leak had been plugged .
A group called Seize BP is planning demonstrations in 50 US cities , calling for the company to be stripped of its assets .
The stock plunged 15 % , or $ 6.43 , to close at $ 36.52 at the end regular trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
The criminal investigation announced by the American attorney general was launched just hours after Obama promised to prosecute any parties found to have broken the law in the lead up to the disaster .
The president dropped several threatening comments into a 10 - minute address from the White House to mark the start of an independent commission to look into the causes of explosion .
City experts advised clients to sell shares following BP 's admission over the weekend that the much vaunted " top kill " attempt to bung up the well had failed .
Dougie Youngson , oil analyst at Arbuthnot , said : " This situation has now gone far beyond concerns of BP 's chief executive Tony Hayward being fired , or shareholder dividend payouts being cut – it's got the real smell of death .
This could break BP .
" Given the collapse in the share price and the potential for it to fall further , we expect that it could become a takeover target . "
BP is the largest oil producer in the Gulf of Mexico , and its production growth plans for the next decade are dependent in part on finding new deepwater reserves .
BP said today that its costs from the disaster had risen to $ 990 m ( £ 675 m ) .
Although it is impossible to quantify the full financial impact of the disaster , it seems set to run into the tens of billions of dollars , and the costs will mount as long as the leak continues .
BP will attempt a riskier way of stopping the leak this week , but this could result in the amount of oil increasing and the chances of success appear slim .
It hopes to plug the spill in two months , when the first of two relief wells are completed , but this operation could be hampered by the imminent hurricane season .
Today Obama called the oil spill the " greatest environmental disaster of its kind in our history " and said " if laws were broken leading to this death and destruction , my solemn pledge is we will bring these people to justice " .
He added that for years the relationship between the oil companies and their regulators has been " too cosy " and said " we will take a comprehensive look at how the oil and gas industry operates " .
The justice department is expected to pursue a dual - track approach in its investigation of BP and the other main entities involved : Transocean and Halliburton .
One track will explore whether the company broke rules in the days and months before the explosion , and the other will look at whether it contravened any environmental laws .
So far the Obama administration has moved cautiously on the legal side of the oil disaster , aware of the awkwardness of issuing criminal proceedings against a company upon which the federal government continues to remain deeply dependent for the shutting off of the stricken well and the clean - up operation .
But as political pressure has mounted , and Obama himself coming under fire for being insufficiently aggressive , the administration has shown renewed willingness to take on BP .
The US Department of Justice will look for violations of the Clean Water Act , the Endangered Species Act , the Migratory Bird Treaty Act and the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 .
Holder said that " nothing is off the table at this point " with regard to the range of charges prosecutors could pursue , including traditional criminal charges if they find false statements were made .
" As our review expands , we will be meticulous , we will be comprehensive , and we will be aggressive , " Holder told reporters .
" We will not rest until justice is done . "
However , he did acknowledge that the government 's first priority was to stop the gushing well and clean up the oil .
As for BP , it has taken steps to beef up its PR operation , in an attempt to limit the damage to its reputation .
The company has recruited as head of the firm 's US media relations Anne Womack - Kolton , the former press secretary to Dick Cheney .
I have never quite gotten the Pat Tillman story out of my system .
Only now am I understanding why .
It has been six years and two days since he died , his head blown off amid a pile of rocks on the side of a hill in Afghanistan , killed by guys on his own team , other U.S. soldiers .
After lying about it , the military eventually called it friendly fire and treated it as a mistake .
Horrible , yes , they said .
But a mistake .
He was a football hero , a star safety for the Arizona Cardinals .
Before that , he was a free spirit linebacker at Arizona State , whose hair flowed out of his helmet and whose tackles left physical and mental imprints .
When he walked away from a fat pro contract to become a soldier , fighting in the front lines of Iraq and Afghanistan , we all swooned .
What a guy , what a hero , what a story .
We are so used to pro athletes being incapable of gazing beyond their own navels , unable to fathom anything of importance beyond their next contract and ensuing trip to the jewelry store , that we could n’t get enough of Tillman .
Journalism celebrates the unusual , and this sure was .
Like other writers in the West , I had a head start .
I had been face to face with Tillman , had met him , had a feel for him .
Once , after an otherwise unmemorable UCLA - Arizona State game , my postgame question , as we walked along , brought him to a stop .
I had danced around something controversial and he did what no other athlete , before or since , has done .
He called me on it .
“ That ’s not what you really want to know , ” he said .
“ Ask it again . ”
For the record :
An earlier version of this column said Pat Tillman had been “ murdered by guys on his own team , ” which was subsequently changed to “ killed by guys on his own team ” to match the version that appeared in the print edition .
I did , this time straight to the point .
He answered the same way .
I was now a Pat Tillman fan .
Veteran scribe learns from long - haired linebacker .
I laughed when he was taken near the end of the NFL draft and the babblers at ESPN assured all that he was too small to make it .
They had likely never talked to him , certainly never been hit by him .
I loved the stories about him riding his bike to training camp and , when he drove , parking his junky old car next to the Beemers and Mercedes in the team lot .
When he died , when the tragedy dripped from the front pages and wept from the TV screens , I fell right in line .
It was a story of heroics , the red , white and blue kind .
It was more apple pie and Chevrolet than Don McLean , more American than John Wayne .
He was n’t just a hero .
He was our hero .
In June 2006 , I flew to San Jose to see Alex Garwood , Tillman ’s brother - in - law , who had been acting as a family spokesman in the absence of much speaking of any kind by the rest of the family .
Garwood was cooperative , friendly and clearly a person who knew lots more than he was saying .
By then , the story of Tillman being killed by the enemy had changed to friendly fire .
Still , I did n’t press Garwood much .
I was looking for tears , when I should have been looking for facts .
My column ran on the Fourth of July .
I blathered on about barbecues and water skiing with the family , about cherishing the freedoms we have because of heroes such as Tillman .
All I missed were some rockets red glare .
I was so pleased with myself .
Heroes are a columnist ’s best friend .
Thursday night , on the sixth year anniversary of Tillman ’s death , I went to a screening of “ The Tillman Story . ”
It is a documentary about the quest of Tillman ’s mother , Mary ( Dannie ) Tillman , to get the real facts of what happened on that hillside .
Halfway through , I was mortified .
I realized why the Tillman story has stayed in my gut .
Dannie Tillman did what a nation full of high - paid , overblown journalists should have done .
She went after the real story while the beautiful people on TV and the nerds with notepads broadcast and wrote morality plays .
She got in the military ’s face , in the government ’s face .
She did n’t let up .
She was doing journalism while journalists were doing what we mostly do now — chase Web hits and take short cuts to higher profits .
A housewife got the real story , or as much of it as anybody probably will .
Professionals trained to do so gathered moss and wrote slop .
The youngest of the three Tillman boys , Richard , said of his mother , “ She hit the ball out of the park , but the government kept moving the fences back . ”
The documentary wo n’t be out until August .
It wo n’t be in many theaters , and it wo n’t be around for long .
You need to watch for it .
It will make you angry and ashamed .
Like I am .
bill.dwyre@latimes.com
Most Americans know that the U.S. economy is in bad shape , but what most Americans do n't know is how truly desperate the financial situation of the United States really is .
The truth is that what we are experiencing is not simply a " downturn " or a " recession " .
What we are witnessing is the beginning of the end for the greatest economic machine that the world has ever seen .
Our greed and our debt are literally eating our economy alive .
Total government , corporate and personal debt has now reached 360 percent of GDP , which is far higher than it ever reached during the Great Depression era .
We have nearly totally dismantled our once colossal manufacturing base , we have shipped millions upon millions of middle class jobs overseas , we have lived far beyond our means for decades and we have created the biggest debt bubble in the history of the world .
A great day of financial reckoning is fast approaching , and the vast majority of Americans are totally oblivious .
But the truth is that you cannot defy the financial laws of the universe forever .
What goes up must come down .
The borrower is the servant of the lender .
Cutting corners always catches up with you in the end .
Sometimes it takes cold , hard numbers for many of us to fully realize the situation that we are facing .
I was born in 1946 , just when the boomer wave began .
Bill Clinton was born that year , too .
So was George W. So was Laura Bush .
And Ken Starr ( remember him ? )
And then , the next year , Hillary Clinton .
And soon Newt Gingrich ( known as “ Newty ” as a boy ) .
And Cher .
Why so many of us begin getting born in 1946 ?
Simple .
My father was in World War II .
He came home .
My mother was waiting .
Ditto for the others .
Sixty years later , we boomers have a lot to be worried about because most of us plan to retire in a few years and Social Security and Medicare are on the way to going bust .
I should know because I used to be a trustee of the Social Security and Medicare trust funds .
Those of you who are younger than we early boomers have even more to be worried about because if those funds go bust they wo n’t be there when you ’re ready to retire .
It ’s already starting to happen .
This year Social Security will pay out more in benefits than it receives in payroll taxes .
The tipping point came sooner than anyone expected because the recession has kicked so many people off payrolls .
But it was coming anyway .
And it adds new urgency to reforming Social Security — a task the president ’s commission on the nation ’s debt is focusing on .
So what ’s the answer ?
Fed Chair Ben Bernanke this week listed the choices .
“ To avoid large and unsustainable budget deficits , ” he said in a speech on Wednesday , “ the nation must choose among higher taxes , modifications to entitlement programs such as Social Security and Medicare , less spending on everything else from education to defense , or some combination of the above . ”
Bernanke is almost certainly right about “ some combination , ” but he leaves out one other possible remedy that should be included in that combination : Immigration .
You see , the biggest reason Social Security is in trouble , and Medicare as well , is because America is aging so fast .
It ’s not just that so many boomers are retiring .
It ’s also that seniors are living longer .
And families are having fewer children .
Add it all up and the number of people who are working relative to the number who are retired keeps shrinking .
Forty years ago there were five workers for every retiree .
Now there are three .
Within a couple of decades , there will be only two workers per retiree .
There ’s no way just two workers will be able or willing to pay enough payroll taxes to keep benefits flowing to every retiree .
This is where immigration comes in .
Most immigrants are young because the impoverished countries they come from are demographically the opposite of rich countries .
Rather than aging populations , their populations are bursting with young people .
Yes , I know :
There are n’t enough jobs right now even for Americans who want and need them .
But once the American economy recovers , there will be .
Take a long - term view and most new immigrants to the U.S. will be working for many decades .
Get it ?
One logical way to deal with the crisis of funding Social Security and Medicare is to have more workers per retiree , and the simplest way to do that is to allow more immigrants into the United States .
Immigration reform and entitlement reform have a lot to do with one another .
Add / view comments on this post .
------------------------------
The Christian Science Monitor has assembled a diverse group of the best economy - related bloggers out there .
Our guest bloggers are not employed or directed by the Monitor and the views expressed are the bloggers ' own , as is responsibility for the content of their blogs .
To contact us about a blogger , click here .
To add or view a comment on a guest blog , please go to the blogger 's own site by clicking on the link above .
Today ’s controversy burning up Memeorandum is a revelation concerning Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan ’s previously expressed views on the Second Amendment :
May 13 ( Bloomberg ) — Elena Kagan said as a U.S. Supreme Court law clerk in 1987 that she was “ not sympathetic ” toward a man who contended that his constitutional rights were violated when he was convicted for carrying an unlicensed pistol .
Kagan , whom President Barack Obama nominated to the high court this week , made the comment to Justice Thurgood Marshall , urging him in a one - paragraph memo to vote against hearing the District of Columbia man ’s appeal .
The man ’s “ sole contention is that the District of Columbia ’s firearms statutes violate his constitutional right to ‘ keep and bear arms , ’ ” Kagan wrote .
“ I ’m not sympathetic . ”
The law in question , of course , were the same firearms law that were at issue some 21 years later in District of Columbia v. Heller , which the Supreme Court ultimately struck down in what was actually the first explicit ruling on its part that the Second Amendment protected an individual right to keep and bear arms .
But , in 1987 , a similar challenge to the same law suffered a much different fate :
The lower court ruling in the 1987 case , issued by the District of Columbia ’s highest court , said the Second Amendment protects only the rights of states to raise militias , and not individual gun rights .
The ruling upheld Lee Sandidge ’s conviction for carrying a pistol without a license , possession of an unregistered firearm and unlawful possession of ammunition .
The high court refused to hear the case , known as Sandidge v. United States .
The memo to Marshall , found in his papers at the Library of Congress , includes a handwritten “ D , ” indicating that he was among those who voted to deny review .
White House spokesman Ben LaBolt said the position taken in the memo to Marshall reflected the prevailing view of the law at the time .
That is , of course , absolutely correct .
Prior to Heller , the Supreme Court ’s Second Amendment , though slim , was decidedly against the idea that the amendment protected an individual surprise .
Thus , it ’s not all that surprising to me as an attorney that a 27 year - old law clerk working for one of the most liberal Justices on the Court at the time would produce a memo arguing that the appeal should be denied .
The question , then , is n’t what Kagan thought twenty years ago when the law was different , but what she thinks now , and she gave at least some clue to that during her confirmation hearings to become Solicitor General :
As a nominee to be solicitor general last year , Kagan told lawmakers that she accepted that 5 - 4 decision in District of Columbia v. Heller as a precedent of the court .
“ There is no question , after Heller , that the Second Amendment guarantees individuals the right to keep and bear arms and that this right , like others in the Constitution , provides strong although not unlimited protection against governmental regulation , ” she said .
Kagan should clearly be questioned on her views about the Second Amendment and the Heller decision , but rather than focusing on something she wrote 20 years ago , I would hope that the Senators focus on what she believes today .
H/T : Vodkapundit
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : to boyfriends everywhere
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
But now you 're getting all fucked up with me , and although I keep taking it from you , you 're probably on the way out , and I 'm trying to think of ways to get you back .
Because , at the end of the day , the " new " hardcore is rather degrading , and there are too many limits being pushed .
Here are a few of mine that keep getting tested :
1 ) If you do n't stop slapping my tits and pinching my nipples that way , you wo n't ever see them again .
I hope you like my parka , cause it 's going to become my new lingerie .
2 ) Do n't ever spit on my face again , I think I made that clear , sorry about the sore balls .
3 ) I used to feel proud that I could swallow , now I feel pretty gross after you dick whip me and make me eat it off your cock and fingers like it 's punishment .
I would do all that for you anyway , but when you hold my hair and call me names and make me , there 's that line I was talking about .
4 ) Pussy to mouth is kind of freaky , I 'm totally ok with that .
Ass to mouth is something else altogether , stop even joking about it .
If you should ever decide to " forge ahead " with that one and see how it goes , I 'll bite your fucking dick off , I swear I will .
If I do n't manage that in the moment , I 'll get you in your sleep .
Thanks for listening sweetheart .
By the way how did your coffee taste this morning ?
NEW ORLEANS 
For weeks , Gov. Bobby Jindal of Louisiana has attacked BP and the Coast Guard for not having adequate plans and resources to battle the oil spill .
But interviews with more than two dozen state and federal officials and experts suggest that Louisiana , from the earliest days of the spill in the Gulf of Mexico , has often disregarded its own plans and experts in favor of large - scale proposals that many say would probably have had limited effectiveness and could have even hampered the response .
The state ’s approach has also at times appeared divided : while some state officials work alongside the Coast Guard and BP every day , others , including the governor , have championed a go - it - alone approach .
Such a stance is popular in a place justifiably skeptical of federal disaster response after Hurricane Katrina .
The federal response , at times slow and disorganized , has been a matter of grave concern to this state , with its fragile and complicated coastline .
Women seem to be bearing the brunt of the economic fallout and taking on a greater share of domestic work and childcare .
Guardian columnist Gaby Hinsliff looks at whether the virus has meant a huge step back for women ’s rights
On Tech Brief today : Digg may be " deadd " , internet scammers get scammed , and the perils of digital journey - planners .
• Whatever happened to Digg , the online service which lets users share stories and links they like , or " dig " , with others ?
Mike Phillips thinks it has entered a state of terminal decline :
" According to the latest Compete.com data ( April , 2010 ) Digg lost an astounding 13.8 million unique visits from March to April , 2010 -- a near 36 percent drop ...
The fact is , people -- real people -- are beginning to tire .
Submit this , upload that , vote on this , ' like ' that , be my ' friend ' , check in here , suggest this , retweet that ... there 's already so much to do .
The only thing left to ' Digg ' is a grave . "
The creator of Digg , Kevin Rose has announced changes to the service , and a recently released video shows how a new version of Digg will work .
But Mike Phillips thinks it has lost its relevance :
" By all accounts , it 's another social network .
An unnecessary one .
The main focus is to make friends ( starting by importing your social graph from sites like Facebook ) and Digg stories .
Then , your new Digg page will show the stories Dugg most by all your friends .
Sound like something your friends ' liked ' on Facebook ?
Or perhaps something retweeted on Twitter ? "
• And now for something completely different .
Fans of the British comedy group Monty Python will be very familiar with its famous Dead Parrot sketch .
Bruce Sterling at Wired magazine has spotted a version purporting to be the product of a reverse sting on advance fee fraudsters in Nigeria .
Advance - fee scams are e-mails that read like this : " I 'm the long lost nephew of Sani Abacha , and am looking for a home for his lost millions .
Send me a cheque for £ 5,000 and I 'll send you back £ 5 m . "
The characters in the sketch supposedly were promised fame and fortune by someone purporting to be a video producer , who they had tried to scam , if they were prepared to act out the Monty Python sketch .
Its authenticity can not be confirmed , as Bruce Sterling points out :
" I really do n't know what to say .
Maybe it 's a scam .
A fraud .
A charade .
Except it 's free , and did n't ask me for money .
I 'm confused .
Also , it 's three years old and only had 57,000 + hits .
Surely it oughta have at least fifty million . "
But it is entertaining , and it definitely deserves a wider airing .
• Anyone who has used a satellite navigation system is familiar with getting sent down a cul - de - sac once in a while .
But in the United States , a woman is suing Google , because she alleges that a Google Maps walking route led her to a busy road , where she was struck by a car .
Danny Sullivan from Search Engine Land wonders :
" Are Google 's bad guesses also dangerous ?
I suspect a court is going to find that despite getting bad directions from Google ( or a gas station attendant , a local person or any source ) , people are also expected to use common sense . "
But he adds :
" Here 's to Google improving its directions and perhaps using more common sense of its own , understanding whether a street is a busy highway and maybe simply not offering routes when it doubt , rather than guessing . "
• Lego bricks are famous the world over as a children 's toy for building stuff .
But prepare to be amazed .
A person known only as " squirrelfantasy " has
turned a few bits of lego into a fully - fledged felt - tip pen ' printer ' .
Kevin
Hall is impressed :
" Adorned with LEGO men and , really , only as pretty as it has to be to get the job done , the LEGO printer does n't look like it 's the fastest , though it does create a pretty unique printout .
The pen slides back and forth , building images and text one line at a time .
It 'd probably have trouble with the finer details , though maybe it could just use a finer pen . "
• Yesterday on Tech Brief , we heard about Google 's move to keep new employees away from Microsoft software , owing to concerns about security .
Microsoft wasted no time in hitting back , on its Windows team blog .
Brandon LeBlanc from Microsoft is adamant :
" When it comes to security , even hackers admit we 're doing a better job making our products more secure than anyone else .
And it 's not just the hackers ; third party influentials and industry leaders like Cisco tell us regularly that our focus and investment continues to surpass others . "
If you want to suggest links or stories for Tech Brief , you can send them to @bbctechbrief on Twitter , tag them bbctechbrief on Delicious or e-mail them to techbrief@bbc.co.uk .
Links in full
• Mike Phillips | Website Magazine | Digg is deadd
• Bruce Sterling | Wired |
Showtime : 419 spammers perform the Monty Python Dead Parrot Sketch
• Danny Sullivan | Search Engine Land | Woman Follows Google Maps " Walking " Directions , Gets Hit , Sues
• Kevin Hall | Dvice | Working LEGO printer uses felt - tip pens to get 'er done
• Brandon LeBlanc | Windows Team Blog | Windows and Security : Setting the Record Straight
Confident with my choice ( Image : Gagilas Photo / Flickr / Getty )
Long a metaphor for the desire to distance oneself from immoral acts , hand washing does n’t just wipe the conscience clean – it also changes how an individual regards a decision they have just made .
Lady Macbeth notwithstanding , the physical act of washing one ’s hands is known to ease the guilt we feel about past unethical deeds .
Now it seems that the act also removes our natural inclination to validate even trivial past decisions .
It is known that after people have made a decision – be it a big one such as choosing which politician to vote for or a trivial one such as which CD to buy – they tend to exaggerate its benefits .
They also overplay the potential downsides of options they rejected .
Advertisement
“ People focus on the positive features of their choice and the negative features of the rejected option , ” says Spike Lee at the University of Michigan , Ann Arbor .
“ As a consequence , they come to like the choice they made better . ”
Soap test
To see whether hand - washing affects this justification process , Lee first asked 40 students to rank 10 CDs by how much they liked them .
He then asked them to choose between owning either their fifth or sixth - ranked CD .
Next he asked half the volunteers to evaluate the quality of a liquid soap by washing their hands and the other half to examine the soap by observation only .
Then , all students ranked the original 10 CDs again .
Lee ’s team found that , in the second CD ranking , those who had not washed their hands increased the ranking of the CD they had chosen to keep – which had originally been either their fifth or sixth choice – by two places compared with its original ranking , and pushed the rejected CD down by two places , on average .
This was a sign that they were justifying their choice of which CD to keep , says Lee ; the expected pattern of behaviour .
But for those who washed their hands before ranking the CDs for a second time , the order tended not to change .
In other words , their choice of which CD to keep did not change the way that they went on to rank that CD , when given a second chance to do so .
Washing away enjoyment
When the researchers repeated the same experiment using choices of jam instead of CDs , and antiseptic wipes instead of soap , the results were the same .
They conclude that the hand washing removes the usual tendency to justify a decision that has already been made .
On one hand , Lee says , this is a more rational way of thinking .
But there ’s also a catch .
“ Justification has a purpose , it makes people feel good .
Washing away the need to justify past decisions also washes away the cognitive good . ”
It ’s possible that those who washed their hands wo n’t enjoy the CD or jam as much as their unwashed counterparts will , he says .
Katie Liljenquist of Brigham Young University in Provo , Utah , who first demonstrated that hand - washing changes psychological behaviour , calls this “ exciting work ” .
It shows that daily tasks can have profound effects on our psychology in more ways than we knew , she says .
“ And it ’s fun to see how metaphors in daily life , such as wiping the slate clean , can typify human behaviour . ”
Journal reference : Science , DOI : 10.1126/science.1186799
SEX workers have rallied in Sydney to demand an end to " whore - phobic " attitudes and greater protection under anti-discrimination laws .
Chanting " sex worker rights are human rights " and " no bad whores , just bad laws " , dozens of protesters marched from the Opera House today in a bid to have their rights recognised .
Many carried red umbrellas , a symbol of the global movement , while others made statements with T - shirts reading " whore power " and " sluts unite " .
" We are human beings , we are people , we do a job and we are continually vilified for that job , " sex worker Julie Bates said , noting that little had changed in the way of community attitudes during her 30 - year career .
" So whilst we remained silenced , today is a chance for us to speak to the community , so we have a voice .
" What we want society to see is that sex work is real damn hard work , and we provide a service like any other industry . "
Organised by the Scarlet Alliance , a peak body representing the nation 's estimated 20,000 sex workers , the event was one of several staged in capital cities across the country to commemorate International Whores Day .
The alliance is using the occasion to lobby state governments for amendments to existing legislation that covers the industry .
The campaign focuses on New South Wales , which has the highest concentration of sex workers - about 8000 - yet has inferior anti-discrimination laws compared with other parts of the nation .
In the ACT , Queensland and Tasmania , legislation protects against discrimination based on legal sexual activity or occupation , essentially giving mistreated sex workers an avenue for recourse .
The most common instances of discrimination reported to the alliance occur during applications for rental properties , bank loans and credit cards .
Sex workers are also forced to pay up to five times more than other advertisers in newspapers , and encounter problems when dealing with police and the judicial system , the alliance said .
It was often seen when women lost custody cases because of negative stereotypes associated with their jobs .
Alliance president Elena Jeffreys said part of the problem stemmed from deep - rooted attitudes within government and mainstream institutions .
" They think that sex workers are not part of the community , " she told AAP .
" We are absolutely sick of whore - phobic attitudes .
" Sex work is legalised , decriminalised , brothels are run in a professional and transparent manner , and sex workers are huge contributors to society , yet we face this discrimination every single day .
" It 's absolutely untenable and we demand that it be changed . "
In a minor coup d’état for US tech manufacturing A123 Systems ( NASDAQ : AONE ) has landed the supply contract with Navistar , the company that is building the 100 % electric delivery trucks currently being used by UPS and Fed Ex across the United States .
Navistar recently partnered with UK company Modec Limited to produce the zero tailpipe emission vehicles currently being produced in Livonia , Michigan .
-
is a manufacturing company based in the US that specialises in Trucks , Parts and Engines .
In late 2009 Navistar signed an agreement with Modec to produce zero emissions vehicles for the North and South American markets ( specifically Class 2c - 3 all - electric commercial trucks ) .
-
The trucks are designed and purpose - built to be electrically driven .
Intended for urban applications involving heavy stop - and - go driving , they are aerodynamically styled with a two - ton plus carrying capacity , rely solely on plug - in power , and are projected to have a range of up to 100 miles per charge .
They produce zero tailpipe emissions and are the latest in a series of advanced , clean technology vehicles that have become part of Navistar ’s portfolio .
-
-
A123 ’s IPO hit the flickering stock market screens in September 2009 at an initial offering of $ 13.5 per share and raised $ 380,000,000 .
It is widely anticipated that A123 Systems will be the lead supplier of lithium - ion battery systems for both the North American and European electric and hybrid vehicle makers with Asian automotive manufacturing relying on technological advances made in the lucrative cell phone and laptop markets .
-
Official Press Release
A123 Systems Signs Battery System Supply Agreement With Navistar
A123 Battery System to Power Navistar ’s eStar Class 2c - 3 All - Electric Truck
WATERTOWN , Mass. , Jun 7 , 2010 ( GlobeNewswire via COMTEX ) — A123 Systems ( NASDAQ : AONE ) , a developer and manufacturer of advanced Nanophosphate ( TM ) lithium ion batteries and systems , today announced a production agreement with Navistar , Inc. , a proven leader in worldwide commercial transportation , to supply lithium ion battery systems for electric vehicles ( EVs ) for the Navistar - Modec EV Alliance , LLC , a joint venture between Navistar and Modec Limited of the U.K .
-
According to the supply agreement , which builds upon an earlier development agreement that was announced in March 2010 , A123 will manufacture battery systems for Navistar ’s eStar electric delivery vehicle at its Livonia , Michigan facility .
A number of vehicles have already been shipped to Federal Express as part of the earlier development agreement .
The work is partially funded by American Recovery and Reinvestment Act ( ARRA ) funding , administered by the U.S. Department of Energy .
-
Rather than converting an existing , conventional fossil fuel powered truck , Navistar ’s eStar truck is a commercial electric vehicle that is purpose - built to be electric as it balances the needs of business and the environment .
With zero tailpipe emissions , the Navistar electric vehicle can potentially reduce greenhouse gas emissions by as much as 10 tons annually , when compared to an equivalent diesel - powered vehicle .
The Navistar electric vehicle has a Gross Vehicle Weight ( GVW ) rating of 12,100 pounds and a payload capacity of two tons .
The vehicle will be assembled in Wakarusa , Indiana , and is scheduled for launch in mid-2010 .
-
A123 ’s battery pack will enable the Navistar electric vehicle to travel a distance of approximately 100 miles on pure electricity before needing to be recharged .
The battery pack will be capable of a rapid charge rate and will have a charge time dependent on the power of the charging system applied .
-
About A123 Systems
-
A123 Systems , Inc. ( NASDAQ : AONE ) develops and manufactures advanced lithium ion batteries and battery systems for the transportation , electric grid services and consumer markets .
Headquartered in Massachusetts and founded in 2001 , A123 Systems ’ proprietary nanoscale electrode technology is built on initial developments from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
For additional information please visit www.a123systems.com.
The A123 Systems , Inc. logo is available at http://www.globenewswire.com/newsroom/prs/?pkgid=6600
-
About Navistar
-
Navistar International Corporation ( NYSE : NAV ) is a holding company whose subsidiaries and affiliates produce International ( R ) brand commercial and military trucks , MaxxForce ( R ) brand diesel engines , IC Bus( TM ) brand school and commercial buses , Monaco ( R ) RV brands of recreational vehicles , and Workhorse ( R ) brand chassis for motor homes and step vans .
It also is a private - label designer and manufacturer of diesel engines for the pickup truck , van and SUV markets .
The company also provides truck and diesel engine service parts .
Another affiliate offers financing services .
Additional information is available at www.Navistar.com/newsroom.
-
This press release includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995 that are subject to risks , uncertainties and other factors , including statements with respect to the expected launch date of the Navistar EV and its anticipated benefits and features .
Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward - looking statements are : delays in customer and market demand for Navistar ’s products , delays in the development and production of the Company ’s products , adverse economic conditions in general and adverse economic conditions specifically affecting the markets in which A123 and Navistar operate and other risks detailed in A123 Systems ’ annual report on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2009 and other publicly available filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
All forward - looking statements reflect A123 ’s expectations only as of the date of this release and should not be relied upon as reflecting A123 ’s views , expectations or beliefs at any date subsequent to the date of this release .
-
END
-
WHEN Robert Aronowitz sees friends he grew up with , he braces himself for their usual greeting .
“ Hey , Snot Nose .
How are you doing ? ”
Yes , “ Snot Nose ” was his nickname then , and even now , his friends like to remind him of it .
“ I was swept up twice a week from the streets of Brooklyn for allergy shots , ” said Dr. Aronowitz , a professor of history and sociology of science at the University of Pennsylvania .
Those shots , he said , “ were just like orthopedic shoes — a source of middle - class Jewish pride . ”
Did they help ?
Did he even have allergies ?
“ Who knows ? ” Dr. Aronowitz said .
But that experience helps him understand the tendency today to blame allergies for tiredness , upset stomach , or any rash or illness .
Food allergies are real and can be life - threatening .
It would be folly to dismiss them .
But many people think they have them when they actually do n’t , according to a new report commissioned by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases .
And that says a lot about how we think about food .
Energy minister Charles Hendry will spell out more details of the changes in a speech on Tuesday .
The North Sea review comes hard on the heels of criticism from a Food & Water ( F&W ) , the US consumer group taking legal action against BP over the Gulf incident .
F&W has expressed concerns over the North Sea regulatory set - up but the Energy department said it had not influenced the policy changes .
Loosing the grip on the faith - heads at home …
The American Taliban go to developing countries and spew their hate and bs … that ’s religion for you .. just look at history .. all covered in blood , torture , injustice , genocide ….. mega total fuck up all the way ;
That ’s religion for you ….
the pearly gates , that ’s your ass being shafted by the clergy .
Vanguard correspondent Mariana van Zeller travels to Uganda to trace the influence of American evangelical leaders on a proposed law that could make being gay punishable by death .
The episode “ Missionaries of Hate ” premieres on Wednesday , May 26 at 10/9 c .
—
A gay Malawian couple arrested after a public engagement ceremony was found guilty of Sodomy and Indecency and could face 14 years in prison .
Send to
Delicious – Twitter – Digg – reddit – StumbleUpon – buzz – Facebook – More
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan —
An army officer and a businessman have been detained as part of a widening inquiry into a circle of Pakistanis who had some knowledge of the activities of the man charged with trying to set off a crude car bomb in Times Square , according to a Western official and an American intelligence official .
The army officer was arrested in Rawalpindi , the garrison city that serves as the headquarters of the Pakistani Army , the American intelligence official said .
He appeared to have been disaffected , and his involvement with Faisal Shahzad , the Pakistani - American charged with the failed bombing in New York , did not signal the involvement of the Pakistani Army in the attack , the intelligence official said .
The arrest of the officer , who holds the rank of major and whose name was not disclosed , and of Salman Ashraf Khan , 35 , an executive of a catering company that organized functions for the American Embassy here , suggested the participation of a group of Pakistanis in helping Mr. Shahzad after he returned to Pakistan from the United States last year to plan the bombing , the officials said .
Several other Pakistani men have been arrested in the Islamabad area in connection with the case , according to a Pakistani intelligence official who did not offer details about the men ’s backgrounds .
Advertisements
You may think that Harry Reid , Mitch McConnell , and John Boehner would have very little in common , but in the chummy world of corporate special interest politics , all three of them share a top benefactor .
According to an investigation by the Center for Public Integrity the top backer of the careers of all three politicians was telecom giant AT&T , but beyond ideology these three share a special interest money bond .
According to the Center for Public Integrity , “ The single top career backer of Boehner , McConnell , and Reid , however , was the same : telecom giant AT&T .
This included contributions from companies like BellSouth , Cingular , and SBC that are now part of the AT&T family .
Between just these three politicians , AT&T ’s PACs contributed more than $ 525,000 in campaign cash .
This bipartisan investment has paid dividends over the years as the trio has backed the firm ’s priorities on telecommunications legislation and played key roles in granting the company immunity for its participation in the George W. Bush administration ’s warrantless wiretapping program . ”
While special interest money may not directly buy votes , it purchases something that you , I , and other regular Americans can never have , access .
This is what makes the Supreme Court ’s January ruling in the Citizen ’s United case so egregious .
When the court ruled that the government can’t ban direct corporate independent expenditures before elections , it furthered the gap between the voice of regular Americans , and corporate America ’s access to our political system .
Advertisements
Our votes as Americans do count to get people elected , but the money that fuels the campaigns of candidates comes from giants like AT&T , who do n’t donate hundreds of thousands of dollars to the top congress members out of a sense of civic duty .
They donate because the cash gets those perks like immunity from prosecution for their illegal activities .
In the case of another heavyweight like JP Morgan Chase , who appears on the top 10 career donor list of three of the four top congressional leaders , their long term bankrolling gets them loads of bailout cash , sweetheart deals , and the ability to help call the shots on financial reform .
Our current campaign finance system has led to a dysfunctional system where democracy is for sale to the highest corporate bidder .
The path to taking back our democracy is n’t found in the politicians we elect , but it must begin with changing a corrupt system that is destroying the foundation of our republic .
Americans can’t count on politicians to break their addiction to special interest dollars , but as their anger and frustration grows , many people do n’t see the true source of our dysfunction .
The problem goes beyond electing Republicans and Democrats .
Both parties bathe in the sewer of corporate dollars .
The road back to a democracy for the people , of the people , and by the people , is to get the special interest dollars out of our politics through publicly funded elections .
While the right and left are distracted by bickering , our democracy is being purchased by giants like AT&T , one political leader at a time .
WASHINGTON , DC—A team of leading historians and psychiatrists issued a report Wednesday claiming that the United States was likely the victim of abuse by its founding fathers and motherland when it was a young colony .
The War of 1812 , an example of early abuse by the motherland .
Advertisement
" In its adulthood , the U.S. displays all the classic tendencies of a nation that was repeatedly mistreated in its infancy — difficulty forming lasting foreign relationships , viewing everyone as a potential enemy , and employing a pattern of assault and intimidation to assert its power , " said Dr. Howard Drexel , the report 's lead author .
" Because of trust issues stemming from the abuse , America has become withdrawn , has not made an ally in years , and often resents the few nations that are willing to lend support — most countries outgrow this kind of behavior after 230 years . "
According to Drexel , nations that act out in selfish , self - destructive ways in statehood were usually granted too much independence at an early age , especially if the motherland had other newly annexed lands to care for .
Advertisement
According to Yale University psychology professor John Bauffman , while some rebellious behavior in a nation 's adolescence is common , and sometimes healthy , America 's historically stormy relationship with mother country Great Britain points to a deep need for acceptance .
" The U.S. is characteristic of an abused nation in that , even decades after noisily pushing away from Britain , it still maintained close contact with the motherland , took care of it , even giving it financial aid — all the while fearing disapproval even though the parent country is now old , decrepit , and powerless , " said Bauffman , a prominent contributor to the fourth edition of the Democratic Symptoms Of Maltreatment handbook , or DSM - IV .
" On the other hand , Canada , which was raised in the very same continent by the same mother country , only exercised small - scale resistance , remaining loyal well into its maturity .
Though some see Canada as cold and remote , it has , unlike the U.S. , managed to lead a peaceful , reasonably healthy existence . "
Advertisement
Bauffman pointed to another telltale sign of abuse in the U.S. 's tendency to bully , torture , and persecute less powerful , vulnerable creatures , such as buffalo , passenger pigeons , forests , and Native Americans .
Although the American nation appeared to be on the road to recovery by the early 1990s , watershed events such as the open discussion of sexual issues , a protracted custody battle in the closing months of 2000 , and a series of threats and physical attacks from enemy nations triggered centuries of repressed memories and set off a recurring pattern of violent outbursts and emotional volatility .
Advertisement
" America compensated for early mistreatment by taking out this pent - up aggression on other nations — getting involved in aggressive conflicts seemingly just for the thrill of it , starting arguments and wars that can't be won , suspecting that everyone is out to get them , " Drexel said .
" This nation needs help , but by its very nature , refuses to accept it . "
Drexel defended the study 's findings amid claims that America 's current condition can be attributed to a much wider variety of factors .
Advertisement
" Granted , part of America 's problems may stem from the fact that it was burdened with a false sense of responsibility at a young age because of the unrealistic expectations of the country 's forefathers , and there is certainly something to be said about America having been part of a broken homeland for a four - year period in the mid-19th century , " Drexel said .
" Even though the U.S. is over 200 years old , emotionally it 's younger than Lithuania . "
Added Drexel : " But we must remember that the country also idealized the forefathers in a classic victim–abuser relationship . "
Advertisement
The report recommended that the United Nations Security Council once again renew its efforts to organize an international intervention to help the U.S. get the counseling it needs .
Prior attempts have failed to move beyond the planning stage , however , with many countries saying they are afraid that the U.S. may lash out .
A good Father 's Day gift would be to reform the Violence Against Women Act ( VAWA ) , make it gender - neutral , and assure men that family courts will accord them constitutional rights equivalent to those enjoyed by murderers and robbers .
VAWA will be coming up for its five - year reauthorization later this year , and that will be the time to hold balanced hearings and eliminate VAWA 's discrimination against men .
VAWA illustrates the hypocrisy of noisy feminist demands that we kowtow to their ideology of gender neutrality , to their claim that there is no difference between male and female , and to their opposition to stereotyping and gender profiling .
VAWA is based on the proposition that there are , indeed , innate gender differences :
Men are naturally batterers , and women are naturally victims .
Feminist supporters of VAWA obviously share Jessica Valenti's recent assertion in The Washington Post that American women are oppressed by the " patriarchy " and that " it needs to end . "
One way they hope to end it is by using the extravagantly expensive and discriminatory VAWA , which was passed in 1994 as a payoff to the feminists for helping to elect Bill Clinton president in 1992 .
VAWA is not designed to eliminate or punish violence , but to punish only alleged violence against women .
Most of the shelters financed by VAWA do not accept men as victims .
VAWA has been known from the get - go as " feminist pork " because it puts nearly $ 1 billion a year of U.S. taxpayers ' money into the hands of the radical feminists without any accountability for how the money is spent .
Feminists have set up shop in shelters where they promote divorce , marriage breakup , hatred of men and false accusations , while rejecting marriage counseling , reconciliation , drug - abuse treatment and evidence of mutual - partner abuse .
Feminists have changed state laws to include a loosey - goosey definition of family violence .
It does n't have to be violent -- it can simply be what a man says or how he looks at a woman .
Domestic violence can even be what a woman thinks a man might do or say .
Definitions of violence include calling your partner a naughty word , raising your voice , causing " annoyance " or " emotional distress , " or just not doing what your partner wants .
VAWA makes taxpayers ' money available to the feminists to lobby state legislators to pass feminist laws , to train law enforcement personnel and judges in using those laws , and to fund their enforcement .
VAWA provides women with free legal counsel to pursue their allegations while men are left on their own to find and pay a lawyer , or struggle without one .
Feminists have lobbied most states to adopt mandatory - arrest laws , which means that when the police arrive at a disturbance and lack good information on who is to blame , they are nevertheless legally bound to arrest somebody .
Three guesses who is usually arrested .
Feminists have lobbied most states to pass no - drop prosecution laws , which require proceeding with prosecution even if the woman recants her charges or wants to drop them .
Studies show that women do recant or ask to drop the charges in 60 percent of criminal allegations , but the law requires the man to be prosecuted anyway , which means he loses his constitutional right to confront his accuser .
Charging domestic violence practically guarantees that a woman will get custody of the children and sever forever the father 's relationship with his children even though the alleged violence had nothing whatever to do with any abuse of the children .
Judges are required to consider allegations of domestic violence in awarding child custody , even though no evidence of abuse was ever presented or proven .
It seems elementary that husbands and fathers who are accused by their wives or girlfriends should have the constitutional rights accorded to any criminal , but they are routinely denied equal treatment under law , the right to a fair trial , the presumption of innocence until proven guilty and the right to own a gun .
The accusation also destroys his employability , which diminishes her income as well as his .
Based on a woman 's unsubstantiated allegations of trivial offenses , family courts deprive thousands of men of their fundamental right to parent their own children .
VAWA has a built - in incentive for the woman to make false charges of domestic violence because she knows she will never be prosecuted for perjury .
Domestic violence should be redefined to mean violence .
We must eliminate the incentive for false accusations , which includes getting a restraining order as the " gamesmanship " for divorce , child custody , money , and ownership of and access to the family home .
Reforming VAWA is today 's basic civil rights issue .
All persons accused of domestic violence , men and women , are entitled to have fundamental constitutional rights in court , including due process and the presumption of innocence until proven guilty by clear and convincing evidence .
Crazy Credits
[ Australian version ] PRODUCERS ' NOTE :
The hunting scenes depicted in this film were taken during an actual kangaroo hunt by professional licensed hunters .
For this reason and because the survival of the Australian kangaroo is seriously threatened , these scenes were shown uncut after consultation with the leading animal welfare organisations in Australia and the United Kingdom .
[ International version ]
PRODUCERS ' NOTE : Photography of the hunting scenes in this film took place during an actual kangaroo hunt conducted by licensed professional hunters .
No kangaroos were killed expressly for this motion picture .
Because the survival of the Australian kangaroo is seriously threatened these scenes were included with approval of leading animal welfare organisations in Australia and the United Kingdom .
See more
The poster appeared on a screen on the side of an " ad van "
The character Gene Hunt from the BBC series Ashes to Ashes has become the focus of the latest propaganda battle between Labour and the Conservatives .
Labour 's latest poster portrays the Tory leader David Cameron as the TV detective , saying : " Do n't let him take Britain back to the 1980s . "
It attempts to link the Conservatives with social unrest and unemployment .
But the Tories have now adopted the image , replacing the slogan with : " Fire up the Quattro .
It 's time for change . "
Mr Cameron said he was " flattered " by Labour 's comparison of him with the star of the BBC series , set in the 1980s .
" I think there will be thousands of people , millions of people , in the country who wish it was the 1980s and that police were out there feeling collars and nicking people instead of filling in forms , " said the Tory leader .
" If Labour ca n't afford that , then maybe we will lend them the money . "
' Unfair country ' Labour 's poster was launched at a school in Basildon in Essex by the Foreign Secretary David Miliband and his brother , Environment Secretary Ed Miliband .
The foreign secretary said Mr Cameron would take Britain back to the " meaner and more brutal " Britain of the 1980s .
" David Cameron joined the Conservative Party in the 1980s because he admired much of what Mrs Thatcher was doing , " he said .
" He wants to re-run the 1980s , including bringing back fox hunting . "
The poster 's slogan , Do n't let him take Britain back to the 1980s , attempts to link the Conservative leader with memories of social unrest and youth unemployment .
Ed Miliband said the Conservatives landed Labour with an " unfair and divided country " in 1997 .
" It is easy to forget the different country we were then , " he said .
" People could be paid a pound an hour and that was thought to be acceptable .
People could n't rely on having modern school buildings .
" The question at this election is - do we go forward or do we go back ? "
The new poster was not displayed on a traditional billboard but on a screen on the side of an " ad van " .
A Conservative spokesman said that their alternative version of the poster would be going up on the same 11 digital poster sites being used by Labour - 10 in London and one in Manchester .
The Conservatives have produced their own version of the Labour poster
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A few days ago I finally received my knock - off battery grip for my Canon T2i/550D .
I personally think that there are lots of parts where you should go with the original , but I have made good experiences with knock - off battery grips for other cameras in the past and I simply do n’t accept paying three times as much for something as simple as this .
I have seen both the original Canon as well as several knock - off battery grips for the T2i /550D before I decided to go with a knock - off , and the differences were minimal .
So why use a battery grip after all ?
One of the most annoying features of the T2i /550D is its relatively small and light body .
If you put a normal full - frame lenses on it ( like I do all the time with my Canon EF 24 - 70 mm f/2.8 standard zoom ) it becomes very front - heavy .
With this lens in particular it ’s even more annoying as it ’s almost twice the weight of the camera body itself , and the bottom of its barrel goes further down than the bottom end of the camera body .
So if you put it on a flat surface , the camera will rest on the barrel instead of the camera – therefore making it impossible to operate the focus or even shoot anything with it without jacking the body up on something .
Handling issues
Also due to its small body , the T2i is not comfortable to hold when you have normal sized hands .
I have quite large hands and I guess that makes it even more annoying .
I was particularly unnerved when I was constantly switching between Philip Bloom ’s 5D Mark II and my 550D on my behind - the - scenes shoot for Lucasfilm ’s RED TAILS last month .
While taking practically identically video to the Canon 7D , the T2i /550D has a really plasticky body in comparison .
The 5D Mark II has of course also a much more professional body .
That – by the way – is the reason why I keep telling 7D owners that they do n’t need to worry that they overspent by buying the more expensive DSLR .
The built quality is the main differentiating factor ( as is the faster image processing in the 7D ) between the 550D and 7D .
In fact , I ’ve heard several 7D owners say that they have let their 7D out in the open when it was freezing , and the camera held up .
I do n’t think the 550D would take this kind of beating .
So let ’s get back to handling :
To sum it up , I think a battery grip is an essential piece of kit with any T2i/550D .
But handling issues are not the only reason why I think it ’s a must - buy :
AA battery option
Apart from taking two LP - E8 ( or compatible ) batteries , most battery grips have the added option of taking 6 AA batteries – which is incredibly handy .
It uses a second tray for holding these batteries – both of them are supplied with the battery grip .
I always carry at least one set of backup AA batteries with me if I should ever run out of charged LP - E8 ( or compatible ) batteries .
eneloop – the essential rechargeable battery
Even better than expensive AA batteries are rechargeable AA’s .
Now you ’ve probably made the same bad experiences with them I did too – most rechargeable AA batteries do n’t hold up too well with electronic devices that require a relatively high current like these DSLRs .
But , however , somebody recommended to try Sanyo’s “ eneloop ” brand .
I ca n’t tell you how awestruck I was when I first realized how great they performed : I do n’t think there is anything comparable to them on the market ( if so , please let me know in the comments ! ) .
The great thing about them is that they not only perform well and for long hours , but they also seem to be able to remain charged for long periods of time .
I just tested for how long the camera would run using 6 of these eneloops in the battery grip , the result : 2 hours and 40 minutes !
That ’s almost twice as long as you get out of an original Canon LP - E8 .
Not bad at all !
I always use them with my incredible LitePanel Micro , a dimmable LED top light that I do n’t leave the house without when I have a camera like the 550D ( or larger ) on me .
I quite often find myself leaving it in the camera bag for weeks unused , and then suddenly , there ’s some kind of night shoot where I need it for hours .
What can I say – the eneloops just do what they are supposed to do , they give you 1.5 hours of battery life if you use the LitePanel Micro at its maximum brightness .
Simply incredible – some of the best standard AA ’s on the market ( non-rechargeable ) only lasted for a bit more than an hour when I tried them with the LitePanel .
Added buttons for still photographers
For those also taking stills with there 550D ’s it will also be interesting to know that the battery grip adds some buttons to the camera – a second release button for comfortably taking stills in portrait mode , as well as an additional selection wheel and additional zoom buttons .
Viewfinders
A battery grip might be an issue with some of the available viewfinder solutions that attach to the bottom of the camera , but these issues are usually resolvable .
Zacuto offers special frames that make it possible to use its new baseplate mount for the Z - Finder with cameras that are using battery grips as well .
Tripod issue
Something also easily overlooked is the annoying position of the battery compartment on the T2i/550D .
In some cases , you need to take the tripod plate off the camera to exchange batteries .
In any case , you are required to take the camera off the tripod , which takes time and is annoying as well , especially if you are in the middle of a shot .
The battery grip enables you to just slide the AA or LP - E8 compartment out and put fresh batteries in .
Done .
I am looking forward to using this battery grip on any future productions with my 550D .
It simply makes it a better camera – and it pimps up the looks of this otherwise inconspicuous DSLR as well , which is n’t a bad thing .
Due to multiple requests , here is the knock - off 7D battery grip as well :
7D knock - off battery grip on Amazon.com / Amazon.de / Amazon.co.uk .
Thanks for supporting my blog through using these links !
It sure helps a bit , greatly appreciated .
Image caption Residents were rewarded for attending archery practice with a barbecue
A vicar has revived an ancient law to call members of her parish together for archery practice .
The Reverend Mary Edwards , of Collingbourne Ducis , near Marlborough , called residents to the village recreation ground on Friday .
Residents were rewarded for complying with the law with a bar , a barbecue and live music .
Church warden Mike Cox said : " It seems she 's still entitled to do that . "
" I 've been checking on the web and most archery experts and clergy seem to agree she is , " Mr Cox added .
" Though a lot of the laws were repealed , that particular one still stands so she 's entitled to call the men of the village , and presumably the women and children too , to archery practice .
" Mary 's always wanted to do it ever since she found out she could .
It 's been one of those hankering ambitions .
It 's sufficiently bizarre that you want to have a go at it . "
Mrs Edwards said : " It 's an unrepealed law from some time in the middle ages and I can call all the men - but I 've extended it to all people - in the parish to archery practice .
" We are celebrating the building of a new loo in the church .
After all these years we have at long last brought running water to the church . "
( Newser ) – If you found yourself struggling to understand President Obama ’s 10th - grade - level oil spill speech , Stephen Colbert is here to help you out .
“ Mr. President , your flowery verbiage is opaque and perplexing , ” he said last night on the Report .
“ I ’m sorry , I meant to say , your talky words make ears mad . ”
He then turned the speech into a children ’s book , which of course required a character named “ Spot ” ( the oil spill ) … and another named Dick ( Tony Hayward , of course ) .
Time for Version 2.0 …
After falling over for about 10 hours , I returned to MITERS to tackle the last Double DEC ’er board and the left skate .
I had a few track notes in my head left over from the assembly of Deathblade - R that facilitated faster assembly of Deathblade -L .
I originally was going to put together the experimental Double DEC ’er along with two “ permanent ” ones .
Since I did n’t find that necessary any more , only one of the boards will be built out .
This time , I started with SMT parts first , then moved onto the headers and through - hole parts .
Sidebullets and trace reinforcement were also added while the board was unmounted .
I also stripped the other battery pack and built the power switch harness beforehand , so everything just dropped in .
The batteries are retained by gravity , and the DEC boards simply drop on top of them and seat with double sided tape .
And Deathblade - L is ( mostly ) complete .
The motors have no connections yet because I ’ll eventually have to take them apart to glue the magnets in .
I decided to save on that assembly step for now .
test video
This is probably what all 1.2 of you have been waiting for .
Behold , test number zero of RazErblades !
This literally was the first ground test .
I had not ridden them around unpowered beforehand , or really tried them loaded on the ground .
My unsteadiness and lack of confidence and machismo are evident , but I start getting used to the feel before long .
Then I broke everything .
Oooops .
While executing a T - stop from a slow speed , the brazing joints failed on Deathblade - R. Fortunately , I was almost at a standstill by then .
It was more embarassing than damaging , and the traction unit still worked .
Regardless , this reveals some deep flaws with the design , namely that I do n’t have any patience to actually put things together the right way .
The brazing on this frame was done very quickly and poorly , with relatively little penetration or filleting .
As I ’m less than satisfied with these frames anyway , and still have a month before Otakon , I ’ll probably rebuild them soon .
Expect a return to my usual slots , tabs , T - nuts , and standoffs design paradigm .
Or perhaps I ’ll just run a TIG torch right along the edge of all the joints to melt everything in place .
In the mean time , THEY’RE ALIVE !
Well , sort of .
todo
Remanufacture the frames .
I ’ll also have the chance to optimize geometries and cavity sizes now that I know how all the components actually fit together
Revise the wrist controller for more controls flexibility .
I found out that I would actually like to have the ability to turn on “ brake ” mode if possible .
Fortunately , I have more Lilypad boards .
Wait for the motor magnets to finish the left two motors .
LEARN TO SKATE .
This is quite important if I actually want to wield these in a non-idiotic fashion .
I need to at least learn how to make my way around on inlines .
I intend to do this using the RazErblades , since the hub motor design offers minimal drag and I can actually use them as normal unpowered skates .
Recently
Continuing this week ’s theme of highlighting the role of the personal in business .
I was at a reception the other day , and ended up at a table with doctors and an employment lawyer .
The lawyer specialized in advising corporate clients about equal opportunity employment law .
This partly means advising clients who have been sued .
I asked him whether clients also invited him to make themselves lawsuit - proof , or whether the bulk of his practice was after - the - lawsuit defense .
" Once they ’ve been sued , they get religion and invite me in to design policies , " he said .
" And it ’s a helluva business .
I worried at first that it would die out , but it turns out it ’s the law practice that keeps on giving . "
Maybe I was being a little feisty , I do n’t know .
But that ’s where the fun started .
Managing People , or Managing Process
" It would seem to me , " I ventured , " that the best way to prevent EEOC lawsuits is to be really good at basic people management : telling people the truth , face to face , about the role they are expected to play , getting great at giving and receiving feedback about how well they are or are not doing it . "
" Oh , no no NO NO NO ! " the lawyer responded .
" That ’ll get you killed in court .
You have to have processes , document those processes , train on them , document that you ’re training on them , and do everything short of tape - recording every conversation with every employee you have to make sure that no one ’s saying something that could be interpreted wrongly .
" I tell all my clients a simple story–a small off - color joke .
They laugh at it and it helps them bond with me in my presentation .
Then I tell them how that joke could cost them a million bucks .
It puts the fear of God in them .
Employment law is the gift that keeps on giving . "
When to Talk , and When to Blog
I am gradually , over my many years of experience , learning when to pick fights , and when to walk away from them .
There was no point in arguing with someone I ’ll never meet again over an issue I ’ll never convince them about .
( I was reminded of this wisdom by Judy kicking me under the table ) .
On the other hand , it ’s a great topic to blog about , and I hope it ’ll stimulate some conversation .
So let me be very blunt about my point of view .
That lawyer is the kind of pompous bureaucrat who gives bureaucracy a bad name .
His intentions are not bad ; not at all .
But he is a highly paid content - expert who is sowing discontent , alienating people , and creating inefficiency , all the while believing he ’s contributing to our great system of private enterprise .
Harsh ?
Well , here ’s a few caveats .
First , not all lawyers agree with him .
Second , this is an issue hardly unique to employment law .
Third , there ’s nothing wrong with processes per se .
But still : what I said .
Why Good Management Mitigates the Need for Process Management
I worked for two consulting firms .
One had detailed employee contracts outlining things like intellectual property and non-competes ; it got sued a couple times per year .
The other had no such clauses and its employment contracts were 20 % the length of those of the first firm .
It had no employee lawsuits in 20 years .
The reason is simple : one managed by process and contract , the other by people .
The latter obviates much of the need for the former .
If you treat people as objects to be controlled , they will oblige by meeting your ( low ) expectations .
If you tell entire industries that they ’ll be managed by regulation and laws , they will stop behaving ethically and do what they please until you make it illegal .
If you start making process compliance the guts of employment law , you lose the very human relationship that makes employment work .
The problem lies not so much in the law as in ignorance of how human relations work .
Lawyers have no training in management .
No fault there , neither do doctors or rabbis or engineers .
But managers do .
They are supposed to manage .
When they default their management tasks to lawyers , they get what they deserve–employees who are suspicious of the motives behind their communications .
And the employees are not wrong to feel that way .
Managers abdicate personal management at their own risk .
The cost of running bureaucratic compliance operations to compensate for a failure in basic supervision is massive .
The answer is not more bureaucracy –it ’s more truth and honesty , transparency , and responsibility - taking .
Do n’t treat people like caustic assets who might sue you unless you insulate yourself with processes .
Instead , treat them like human beings who can be developed through good management , and who will serve you well in return .
Labour mayor 's trousers fall down ... as he speaks to library full of schoolchildren
As far as wardrobe malfunctions go , this surely has to be one of the most unlikely , not to mention unexpected .
But the Lord Mayor of Leicester was left red - faced yesterday after his trousers fell down as he stood up to give a speech in a library packed with schoolchildren .
Labour mayor Colin Hall 's embarrassing gaffe , which drew gasps and giggles from the assembled youngsters , took place at what was supposed to be an education showcase .
Gaffe : Leicester mayor Colin
Hill 's trousers fell down yesterday as he stood up to give a speech in a library packed with schoolchildren
Instead local pupils were treated to a side to the mayor , who has only been in office for a month , they had never anticipated .
One onlooker said : ' It was like something from Benny Hill .
No -one knew where to look .
There were a few laughs from the children , but it was a pretty toe - curling moment .
' Surely he should 've been wearing a belt ?
It was a pretty basic error .
' He looked embarrassed and quickly pulled his trousers up , but by then it was too late .
The damage was done .
' It 's not the kind of thing you expect to see happen to a Lord Mayor . '
But Mr Hall , 46 , blamed his incident on his , apparently successful , new diet .
He said : ' While giving a vote of thanks , I suffered a problem with my trousers .
I had chosen not to wear a belt and the trousers came loose and fell .
' I would like to offer my deepest apologies to anyone who was offended by the accident . '
In a posting to his 123 followers on the Twitter networking website , he added : ' Two days ago , I was wondering how to publicise the progress of my diet .
I hear , though , this issue may be resolved very soon ...'
Mr Hall is dieting with the help of fitness guru Rosemary Conley .
His wardrobe malfunction is the second time the mayor has hit the headlines in a week .
Mr Hall , an atheist , was condemned by the local diocese as well as Church of England groups , after he ended the tradition of Christian prayers before council meetings .
He boasted of his ' delight ' at being able to end the tradition as mayor of Leicester , his home city .
Announcing the decision in a secularist group 's monthly newsletter , Mr Hall said prayers were ' outdated , unnecessary and intrusive ' and added they would no longer be said before meetings at Leicester Town Hall .
The East Midlands city is regarded as the most multi-faith and multi-ethnic outside London , with 36 per cent of residents from ethnic minorities , according to the 2001 census .
Categories Categories Select Category Around Audio Beer Businessweek Charts Comics Food For Sale Friends Game Google Law and Order Maps Movies Music New York Pointless Tax Code Tee Shirts Travel USA Video What &
Where
Very Small Array is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution - NonCommercial - ShareAlike 2.5 License .
In the Red Corner , we have Jon Lane , a features writer for MMAJunkie and Fight !
Magazine , among other outlets .
And in the Blue Corner , the self - appointed King of Kayfabe , UFC middlleweight title challenger Chael Sonnen .
Here is what happens when Lane submits a bizarre , inscrutable , 1000 word question sheet to Sonnen :
Jon Lane :
The story opened with an oath you made to your dying father to become a world champion .
The chance is coming and barring any injury there ’s no denying it this time .
You ’re in the main event of UFC 117 , the organization ’s debut in Oakland , and all you have to do is defeat someone considered one of the top if not the best pound - for - pound fighter in the world .
I get the impression you ’re one to never allow the magnitude of an opportunity to overcome you , so how are you taking this in stride – or perhaps more accurately facing it dead on .
Chael :
You ask pretty long questions pal , i lost you about half way through .
Jon Lane :
To reiterate , all you have to do is defeat Anderson Silva .
What does Anderson Silva have to do ?
This is more than just a title defense to him .
Dana
White put him on notice to compete in light of the stunt he pulled at UFC 112 and MMA fans , many of whom were unhappy and disappointed in the Spider , are expecting excellence .
Chael :
You seem to be asking and answering questions at the same .
I 'm not sure where i fit in .
You seem to be doing a great job on your own .
Jon Lane :
You ’ve been quoted on the record that you have a moral obligation to beat Silva up .
In terms of having to overcome perhaps the sport ’s most talented and gifted athlete and the vibe he gives off that he ’s in charge and owns the Octagon , can you crack his aura ?
And how ?
Chael : zzzzzzzzzzzzzz .. what ?
Jon Lane :
You said this : " [ Silva is ] really good , he ’s really effective , and he ’s as unpleasing to watch as grass growing .
That ’s why they called me to get rid of this cancer of the company . "
Why have you adopted the villain role in MMA ?
Your strong words directed at Silva the past four years , combined with your ascension to the No. 1 contender ’s spot , gives off the impression that you ’re playing the part of the heel .
Why ?
Is part of it to better sell a fight ?
Chael :
Are they paying you by the word ?
If so , I 'll send you a check myself to cover whatever they are paying you to ask me shorter questions .
Jon Lane :
Is Silva , despite his incredible talent and what 's still a strong following , slowly becoming a fighter a lot of fans would like to see lose ?
I ’m sure you ’ve been asked too many times to count , " Are you ready ? "
You ’ve counted by saying , " I ’m not ready , it ’s just my turn . "
What ’s the difference ?
Chael :
If I 've answered that questions already , then why are you asking ?
I have no idea what you are trying to ask ...
Jon Lane :
The winner of this fight gets Victor Belfort .
You and the Phenom are two examples of how despite suggestions that Silva will move to light - heavyweight after he cleans out the middleweight division , that may not necessarily the case .
My last story was on how the lightweight division was blown up by Frankie Edgar ’s win over B.J. Penn .
The fighters I spoke to took exception to any suggestion that Penn cleaned out the division even though he had n’t lost since 2002 .
How do you react to whenever you hear that Silva is unstoppable , unbeatable and my eventually be better suited for a move up to 205 ?
Chael : I 'll have a Venti Iced Mocha and an almond biscotti .
Jon Lane :
You can change the course of the middleweights by knocking off Silva .
Have you fully grasped the opportunity of become a champion and defeating one of the all - time greats and having that much of an impact on the future of the division and the sport ?
Chael : No
Jon Lane :
You ’re 3 - 0 since Damian Maia last February .
What did you learn from that last defeat ?
CHael :
Do you think I should get a puppy ?
Jon Lane : Since the loss to Jeremy Horn at UFC 60 you told Fight you " did n’t deal with stuff right " and thought of quitting .
Sessions with sports psychologist Ed Versteeg put you back on the right path .
What was that ‘ stuff ’ and how did Dr. Versteeg recalibrate you ?
Chael : Here 's a clue - Albert Hoffman / Sandoz Laboratories / Owlsley Stanley III / Jerry / " Box of Rain "
Jon Lane :
You won your next five fights and are 10 - 2 – the loss to Maia and the disputed first Filho fight the only setbacks .
Over the years you ’ve developed a bit of a mean streak .
Is it one you can control ?
Chael : No
Jon Lane :
The win over Nate Marquardt was arguably your best since you took a rising star completely off his game , but the price was hard .
There was the cut on the bridge of your nose .
You were quoted saying that guillotine choke late in the third round was " one of the most horrible experiences of my life . "
It was hell getting out of bed and the kicker was you were offered a chance at Silva last month when Victor Belfort was forced to pull out , but there was no way you were able to fully prepare having to overcome those aches and pains .
Whatever does n’t kill a fighter makes him stronger .
How did you emerge from that entire ordeal stronger even though you walked out of Las Vegas that night a winner ?
Chael :
I really do n't think you need me for this interview , I 'm happy to help , but you can just divide your question in half and have the 1st par serve as the questions and the 2nd part serve as the answer .
Is my Venti Mocha here yet ?
Jon Lane :
Your distain ( if that ’s an accurate word ) for Silva is well - documented .
Silva took a ton of abuse from the media and fans for his shenanigans .
The performance was called an embarrassment and a complete lack of respect and class for his opponent and the sport .
Watching that were you seething , telling yourself I ’m going to ram this clown into the mat and beat the ego out of him ?
Chael :
See previous answer
Jon Lane :
What if Silva tries doing that at your expense in August ?
If he has you in position where he can end the fight and walk away as the better man , but instead chooses to dance and make the fight a mockery , what will you do ?
CHael : I will call you into the ring to bore him to death with rambling inane questions .
Jon Lane :
Obviously you have no intention of letting it come down to that .
Silva ’s skills are on another planet and it ’ll be your turn to do what nobody has done since January 20 , 2006 .
He ’s like Georges St. Pierre in that he makes observers wonder , " What on earth does one have to do to defeat him ? "
How do you intend to be the man who finally brings the Spider to his knees ?
Chael : Planet , skills , St. Pierre , knees , yeah !
Wait .... What ?
Wheres my biscotti ?
[ Following Correspondence : ]
Hey Chael ,
I do appreciate your honesty .
My goal as a reporter is to ask in - depth questions that allow me to tell a story beyond a story , and have conducted previous telephone and e-mail interviews with the same approach .
I apologize if I lost you , so would it help if I trimmed it down to the basics ?
I do need you for the interview .
I read the story in Fight on you , the insights you provided , and know I too can make it work .
I owe you a Venti Mocha and will throw in an almond biscotti .
Your time is valuable so let me know how I can make things easier .
Perhaps a phone conversation ?
Best ,
Jon Lane ===================================================================================
Jon ....
You accomplished your goal of telling a story all right .....
I 'm not certain why , at this point , you would want to modify anything .
You had time ( LOTS of time , apparently ) to prepare your questions , and they represent you ; they ... DEFINE you .
My answers define me too .
I 'm happy and satisfied with the interview as it stands .
You may recall on more than one occasion during the ( comparatively brief ) " answer " segments of our interview that I mentioned that you seemed to have it all covered ; I really did n't have any place to fit in , and my attempts apparently did n't satisfy you .
The reason my answers did n't satisfy you is because YOU did n't say them ; they actually take time and space away from points YOU want to make .
So I did the interview in good faith , I spent time on it in an effort to be courteous , but it was an insurmountable task to approach the standards of verbosity and loquaciousness that you set ; you simply set the bar too high , and expected more from me ( as far as the simple raw tonnage of words you employ , which constitute a form of " journalism " I cannot accomodate ) than I could possibly supply .
I 'm comfortable with that ; I 'm NOT a journalist , but I 'm willing to stand behind my answers .
As a Journalist , please have the courage to stand behind your questions .
I await publication of the interview " en toto " , and if I do not see it , I will post both the interview and this post - interview correspondence ( both mine AND yours ) as my own , admittedly , imperfect , form of " journalism " .
Chael Sonnen
In the next MMA Worldwide Magazine I will publish portions of your fan Q&A and our 2009 interview .
And thank goodness for spell check :-)
Jon Lane ===================================================================================
It seems to me you 're not getting it , Jon .
Let me make this absolutely CRYSTAL CLEAR for you .
You contacted me , and requested an interview .
You GOT one .
I took the time to read your rambling , unfocused , semi- coherent questions , and answered them .
You have CONSISTENTLY DODGED the question of whether or not you will publish it .
And I should remind you , Jon , that in this age of the Internet , NOTHING GOES AWAY .
NOTHING .
You can not , and WILL NOT , since I WILL NOT ALLOW YOU TO , bury or ignore what YOU wrote , or what I wrote .
I have enjoined you repeatedly and asked you whether or not you plan on publishing it , ALL OF IT .
If NOT , I WILL .
It EXISTS .
You can acknowledge it , and find a way to accommodate it , or turn your back on it ; in which case , it will lock its jaws around you and start swallowing .
As sure as night follows day , your words will find you out .
- Chael Sonnen
Obviously , given that you are reading this right now , Sonnen made good on his promise to leak the transcript of their conversation .
I 'll admit , I had grown tired of his contrived boasting in the media , but this stunt makes me see Chael in a whole new light .
He is n't simply a pest , he 's one of the most innovative workers in MMA .
By dressing down this Jon Lane character publicly , but in genuine terms , Sonnen has evoked the classic interview promos of great pro wrestling heels .
This is post - modern MMA kayfabe at it 's best .
Code : sudo cp /usr/ sbin/grub-mkconfig /usr/sbin/grub-mkconfig_backup sudo cp
/etc/grub.d/10_linux
/etc/grub.d/10_linux_backup sudo chmod a-x /etc/grub.d/10_linux_backup sudo cp /etc/defaults/grub /etc/defaults/grub_backup
Code : #
These are optional , user - defined variables .
export GRUB_DEFAULT \ GRUB_HIDDEN_TIMEOUT
\ GRUB_HIDDEN_TIMEOUT_QUIET
\ GRUB_TIMEOUT \ GRUB_DISTRIBUTOR \ GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX \ GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX_DEFAULT
\ GRUB_TERMINAL_INPUT
\ GRUB_TERMINAL_OUTPUT
\ GRUB_SERIAL_COMMAND \ GRUB_DISABLE_LINUX_UUID
\ GRUB_DISABLE_LINUX_RECOVERY
\ GRUB_GFXMODE \ GRUB_DISABLE_OS_PROBER
\ GRUB_HOWMANY
Code : if [ " x$ {GRUB_HOWMANY} " = " x " ] || ! [ " x`echo $ {GRUB_HOWMANY} | sed 's / ^ [ 0 - 9 ] \+\( \. [ 0 - 9 ] \+\) \?$ //'` " = " x " ] ; then GRUB_HOWMANY=0 fi
Code : found=0
Code : while ( [ " x$ list " != " x " ] && ( [ " $ { GRUB_HOWMANY} " - eq " 0 " ] || [ " $ found " - lt " $ { GRUB_HOWMANY} " ] ) ) ; do found=$ ( ( found + 1 ) ) ;
Code : GRUB_HOWMANY=N
Code : sudo update - grub
I do n't really like the default behavior of Grub in Ubuntu to continue to add all the kernel updates to my grub boot menu .
I never go back and use old kernels ( except by mistake ) and it just crowds up my boot menu .
In the past , I have used the #howmany option in / boot / grub / menu.lst to limit this to only the most recent kernel .
Now that I am using Karmic Koala though , this option no longer appears to be available due to the fact that the default bootloader is now Grub 2 .
The general recommendations I am seeing on the internet for users who would like the #howmany functionality are to either comment out the entries in / boot / grub / grub.cfg or manually remove old kernel packages using aptitude .
This means that every time a kernel is updated , I either have to manually comment out more and more lines from the grub.cfg file despite many warnings not to edit that file directly , or go into aptitude and find and uninstall the old " linux - image " packages .
I decided to try and add support back in for the #howmany option by adding a GRUB_HOWMANY variable to /etc / defaults / grub .
This turned out to be fairly simple .
Make backups of your original files before editing them .
Issue the following commands to make the backups : ( the chmod is there because any scripts in the grub.d directory will be executed during an " update - grub " , so the 10 _linux_backup file might be executed after the 10 _linux script , meaning that the original file would be used instead of our modified script and no changes would be observed .
Make it non-executable and it wo n't be seen as a script ) .
First , I edited the /usr / sbin / grub - mkconfig file and added GRUB_HOWMANY to the list of optional , user - defined variables being exported as shown below :
Then I added some logic to /etc / grub.d/10 _linux to check and see if GRUB_HOWMANY is a number and if not , then convert it to zero .
By the way , I had not noticed that the file was being run in the " dash " shell instead of the " bash " shell , so my first version of the following line using native regular expressions did n't work at all .
then a " found " variable to keep track of how many kernels have been added to the menuLast , I add a check to the while loop looping through kernels to stop after finding GRUB_HOWMANY ( unless GRUB_HOWMANY is 0 ) and a line to increment $ found each time
To set the number of kernels , add the following line to /etc / default / grubwhere N is the number of kernels to set .
In other words , use GRUB_HOWMANY=1 to show only the most recent kernel in the grub2 boot menu and GRUB_HOWMANY=2 to show two most recent kernels .
To show all kernels , use GRUB_HOWMANY=0 or any non-numeric value such as GRUB_HOWMANY = " ALL " .
Finish by running
That 's it .
Now I get only the number of kernels I want , and I do n't have to do anything after updating to a new kernel .
A few hours after disembarking the dusty train that winds into Red Dead Redemption , reformed bandit John Marston meets a smart young journalist from Manhattan .
His assignment ?
To observe life on America 's final frontier and dramatise his findings in an article for the well - to - do ladies of New York .
His pressed clothes and clean - shaven jawline contrast with protagonist Marston 's facial scrawl of stubble and scarring , but beneath appearances , the men share a common purpose : to find gold in the sun - baked Wild West .
The meeting mirrors the wider context of Red Dead Redemption 's release .
Liberty City with its buffed taxis , resolute skyscrapers and air of affluence may appear a world away from this arid , adverse wilderness , but peel back the skin and the framework is identical .
Red Dead Redemption is GTA : Wild West , a sandbox most familiar , albeit one that , for once , is filled with sand .
Set 50 years after the events of the more light - hearted Red Dead Revolver , Redemption 's frontier has become a cat 's cradle of political interests , stretched taut by moneyed men in bed with federalised government .
The Wild West has grown mild in its old age , and grizzled gunmen with their brutish ways are growing obsolete .
In setting the game in the twilight days of a cliché , Rockstar provides an overarching tension beyond the immediate lives of its inhabitants .
Where Grand Theft Auto IV 's Nico Bellic was desperate to escape his heritage , Red Dead Redemption 's John Marston clings to it , a man in search of purpose and redemption in a world slipping from relevance .
Nevertheless , it 's a world that Rockstar San Diego paints with flair and an abundant appreciation for the Western in cinema .
Parched canyons give way to tousled plains across which steam trains puff their way , heading off into purplish horizons .
A hangman 's noose swings in the breeze from a giant rock .
Carts teeter along thin cliff paths , while drunks are spat from saloon swing doors into the arms of waiting hookers squeezed tight by corsets and puffy knickers .
Campfires flicker , coyotes howl and droves of wild horses gallop to a melancholy whistled melody or the splang of a banjo .
A buzzard squawks , a shadow in the noon sky .
Videogames can offer windows on forgotten vistas ; Red Dead Redemption is a vivid rebuilding of a world lost to time and technology .
You can save your game anywhere in the wilderness by building a campfire wherever you pull up your horse .
But Red Dead Redemption 's world exists for more than mere observation .
Marston has a score to settle .
A reformed bandit , the stoical gunslinger arrives in the Border States hunting a former gang associate who now terrorises the vicinity .
When a bid for reconciliation fails , leaving Marston bloodied and half - dead , you must begin to job of reacclimatising the man to life on the frontier , nursing him back to health and gathering a team of hapless characters to help you take down your enemy .
As with GTA , you take on smaller errands and targets en route , building fame , notoriety or honour , raising your status in the world as you gather power , weaponry and a posse in anticipation of the endgame showdown .
As ever , Rockstar gives you freedom to roam far and wide from the word go ( although you wo n't be able to cross the border to Mexico until the halfway point ) , but limits your immediate objectives to a small geography .
The borders of your missions expand at a slow pace , hour by hour , ensuring you grow familiar with the dirt paths and settlements and begin to build a memory map of the world and its sights .
In the same way , details about Marston 's past and mission are drip - fed .
As your territory expands , so too does your knowledge of yourself , as the typically reserved , early - 20th - century gunman builds trust and slowly confides in those around him in an incessant stream of cut - scenes , both long and short .
The classic block game Tetris has frequently been the subject of legal disputes .
The rights to the trademark are currently held by The Tetris Company , a corporation located in Hawaii that licenses the name to other parties .
The Tetris Company , which routinely threatens legal action against clones of the popular game , has sent a DMCA takedown notice to Google , prompting the search giant to remove 35 Tetris - like games from the Android market .
Several of the games that were removed from the market were not actually using the trademarked Tetris name or any artwork from the original game — they merely had gameplay mechanics that resembled the Russian classic .
In previous Tetris licensing enforcement efforts that have resulted in actual litigation , The Tetris Company has argued that clones infringe on the game 's trade dress , which is protected under the Lanham Act .
Trade dress relates to the likeness of a product and aims to block the creation of knock - off products that bear sufficient similarity to be mistaken for the original .
It 's important to note that trade dress protections are not like design patents , because functional design elements are explicitly not covered .
Google is n't the first handset maker to make unauthorized versions of the block game disappear .
Apple has also banned several Tetris clones from its own App Store .
At this time , there appear to be several Tetris clones still available in the Android market , but it 's unclear whether they will endure .
The removal of popular Tetris clones from the Android market is particularly frustrating for users , because the official Tetris game is awful .
Developed by EA with a license from The Tetris Company , it is a poorly - executed port from the feature phone version and does n't even fill the screen on my Nexus One .
BEIJING — China ran its first monthly trade deficit in six years in March , data issued Saturday show , a development that , while likely temporary , was quickly seized on by the nation 's Commerce Ministry to argue against the need to revalue China 's currency .
With imports of commodities surging last month , China swung to a trade deficit of $ 7.24 billion in March from a surplus of $ 7.61 billion in February , according to figures issued by China 's Customs agency .
Overall imports were up 66 % from a year earlier in March , with purchases ...
John
Tory ended rampant speculation on his political future Monday night by saying he has not reconsidered his decision to stay out of the mayoral race .
After moderating a debate , at which two of the front - running candidates clashed over whether the new amalgamated city was working , Tory said he had n’t even “ thought about reconsidering or revisiting a decision I made in January . ”
He said it did it feel “ a little bit ” weird moderating a mayor ’s debate with speculation swirling that he may enter the race himself .
But Tory , who was warmly introduced to the crowd of about 150 people in the basement of an East York church Monday , kept his attention on the contenders and the business at hand .
The debate turned emotional when the six main candidates — Rob Ford , Giorgio Mammoliti , Joe Pantalone , Rocco Rossi , George Smitherman and Sarah Thomson — talked about the problems created by amalgamating six local cities into one Toronto in 1998 .
Ford objected when Smitherman noted that Ford ’s dad , Doug , was part of the Mike Harris provincial government that imposed amalgamation .
“ It ’s very unfortunate that Mr. Smitherman would go after my father who passed away three years ago , ” Ford said .
Ford used up his extra time in order to respond to Smitherman .
“ It ’s a little bit emotional .
I ’m very proud of my father , ” he said .
Smitherman said that he , too , had lost his father .
“ Obviously all of us have emotion associated with the loss of loved ones .
But you talk about that time , 1995 to 99 , as part of your credentials for being a candidate for mayor .
“ The reality is that was a time when we had a government at the province of Ontario that inflicted upon us this amalgamation and much of the diminution of autonomy that people have felt . ”
Former East York mayor Michael Prue , who attended the debate as a spectator , said that citizens of East York now feel disconnected from City Hall because of amalgamation .
“ All six main candidates have admitted it does n’t work , ” Prue said .
“ They all missed the key point that people have been frozen out . ”
“ We used to have 300 people who volunteered for our boards and committees in East York .
“ That saved us a lot of money .
Today I ’m only aware of two East Yorkers who volunteer on the boards of the new City of Toronto , ” Prue said .
After the debate , Tory said he thinks the public may be disappointed in the debates that have been held so far because of the narrow range of issues that have been discussed .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
He said he would like to see more discussion on affordable housing , crime and how to help low - income neighbourhoods .
“ There ’s been a lack of discussion on a broader range of issues and that part disappoints me , ” he said .
Read more about :
If you ’re a Mortal Kombat fan , yesterday was Christmas .
That ’s because an awesome short film called Mortal Kombat : Rebirth hit the net and it featured a gritty , real world approach to the material .
Featuring Michael Jai White , Jeri Ryan , martial artists Lateef Crowder , Ian Anthony Dale and Matt Mullins , the short film has been getting nothing but positive write - ups across the cyberspace .
You really should check it out .
But the big story was what was the purpose and who made the short .
Some guessed it was for an unannounced feature film , and others thought it might be for a new Mortal Kombat game .
When word got out it was directed by Kevin Tancharoen ( Fame ) , I was kind of stunned .
After all , who would have thought the guy who made Fame would have directed an awesome Mortal Kombat short .
Thankfully , I had Tancharoen ’s email and reached out to see if he wanted to talk about how the short came together and why he wanted to make it .
If you ’d like to know a lot more , hit the jump to either read or listen to our interview .
I ’ve also included some highlights as bullet points :
Some highlights :
They shot the short film over two days on two RED cameras
Started in early April and it took 2 months to do the post production .
Most people donated their time .
The short was made for $ 7,500
Knew if he was going to get a chance at a genre picture , he ’d have to show he could do it on his own .
This is a calling card for a chance at making the next Mortal Kombat feature film and it ’s his vision for how he ’d do it .
No one at any studio knew he was doing the short
Oren Uziel wrote the short .
He ’s currently listed on IMDb to write the next Mortal Kombat movie at Warner Bros .
Says he wants to make a movie that balances the real world with the mysticism and the special powers .
Compares it to the way Harry Potter exists in two worlds .
As in there are two universes that coexist with each other .
Confirms “ fatalities ” are definitely in his movie .
He wants to put them in the tournament in an “ organic way ”
Definitely would use “ get over here ” ( the classic line from the game )
Michael Jai
White plays Jax Briggs in the short and he ’d definitely be a part of the feature .
Says Scorpion is the bad guy and will stay a bad guy
They only had 4 hours to shoot the big fight scene
Here ’s the full interview that was done just a few hours ago .
If you liked the short and want to know how it all came together , you ’ll really like this interview .
You can either read the transcript below or listen to the audio by clicking here .
Finally , a big thank you to Kevin Tancharoen for giving me his time today …
–
Collider :
So let ’s just jump on in .
This thing came out of left field on yesterday .
It was everywhere .
So how long ago did this project first get started ?
Kevin Tancharoen : I had been thinking about this for awhile now .
Just in passing , I ’ve always had these conversations about “ Mortal Kombat ” because everyone was talking about rebooting the movie .
I guess that ’s the popular term everyone uses now .
Reboot , reboot , let ’s just take everything and reboot it .
Of course I had my opinions on it , because of the first two movies , and because I was such an avid fan of the game .
I was a quarter dispenser , and I do n’t know how much I spent over at the Sherman Oaks golf course , whatever that place is called now .
Right by the Galleria .
And I had a lot of opinions on it .
I really , really thought that something special could be made there .
And it got to a point where we just kept talking about it , and I just had to do it .
It took over a two - month span of time .
I shot this whole thing in two days on two Red cameras that were donated to me with a group of friends who all believed in the cause .
We shot it at Lacey Street Studios on Saturday and Sunday afternoon and we just kind of had fun with it .
It all started at the beginning of April and it took two months to do all the post and the editing .
I edited it myself and the visual effects were great people donating their time .
It turned out to be pretty awesome .
I was very , very happy about it .
It ’s one of those passion projects that lived in my head .
The technology is so accessible now .
There ’s was no reason why I should n’t do it , so I did it .
I ’m very , very happy that people are responding well to it .
I know that there ’s definitely a handful of purists that have their opinions on the mysticism and the mythos of Mortal Kombat .
But I do have an answer for that : this is just a prelude to what my movie version would be .
And of course , when you ’re working by yourself , you have a limited resource of budget .
I made this thing for $ 7,500 .
I could n’t go balls - to - the - wall on visual effects .
I had to utilize what I could and make the best of it .
I want the mysticism to be treated carefully and with integrity .
We just kind of went for it , and did it .
And everyone was available , they believed in the project .
We picked up the camera , and we went , and we did n’t stop .
It ’s just funny when — I think one of the things that a lot of people thought was interesting was that the guy who directed Fame : hardcore Mortal Kombat fan .
KT : Yeah , yeah , here ’s the thing about that .
Though I had some success in the choreography realm and if you look at my background it ’s more plastered with Britney Spears , and dance fights , and Pussycat Dolls .
But ever since I was a kid , and this has never changed , the first thing I did was take karate .
Forever , I ’ve been nothing but a lover of comic books and video games .
I ’ve been immersed in the fanboy culture .
That ’s me as a person .
And somehow , because I got really savvy with the technology , I was able to utilize MPC and Pro Tools and really get into music , it steered me in the direction of the pop music scene and choreography and stage directing .
My heart has always been deeply immersed in fanboy culture .
As a kid , all I wanted to do was be a Ninja Turtle who morphed to a Power Ranger .
As long as I was in the suit , I was going to be happy , because I just wanted to be in the suit .
I think , of course , for the people that know me , this is not really a shock .
Because they know that this is my love .
And I do understand that it ’s crazy to see such a shift in genre .
But this is what I want to do , and this is what I ’ve always wanted to do , and am very passionate about .
And I knew that because I ’ve always been in the performance world , if I ever wanted to make a genre picture , I had to do it myself first .
So that was another reason why I felt like I should do this .
And I went for it .
Oh , no , I definitely think that sometimes you have to show people rather than tell people for them to understand where you ’re coming from .
KT : Especially nowadays , we ’re just coming into a world where people are very skeptical of taking your word anymore .
And you ca n’t just really draw a storyboard or concept art , because the technology is so available that they kind of expect you to have already made it .
Seeing these handful of films from really great talent out there — I think The Raven was one .
Pixels was one .
Carl Erik Rinsch is obviously a very good commercial director .
But when his short films came out , everyone really responded to them .
It ’s such a unique tool for younger filmmakers now more than ever .
And to not use that , I think is a mistake .
I think it ’s great that younger filmmakers are really able to showcase their work on the web .
Because the social networking is so huge now .
It ’s such a great testing ground .
There ’s no reason to not do it .
So the big question is , did the studio , or anybody involved with the video game or anybody know you were doing this ?
KT : No .
They did not .
( Laughs )
This was something I did completely on my own .
However , there is a little bit of a tie - in , because I happen to be friends with Oren Uziel .
And since we ’re friends , I just called him up and said “ Listen , I want to do this .
This is what I have in mind .
I want it to be contained , because I am not a studio with endless amounts of cash . ”
Then we started storyboarding from there , and started calling my friends , and started pulling as many favors as I possibly could .
And I was thrilled that they all said yes .
( Laughs )
One of the things that , looking at the comments online and something that I like about it is the whole — you ’re setting it in the real world without the supernatural thing .
So everyone is sort of — it ’s a very real - world , grounded kind of feel .
Obviously , a lot of fans out there are probably hoping you are going to land being able to do the movie .
Is this your take on what would be your feature film ?
KT : Oh , yeah .
Definitely , this is my take on what I would want to do with Mortal Kombat .
I would love it if Warner Bros. wanted to do it this way .
But I was so passionate about doing this , that I just had to pick up the camera and do it .
Now like I said , because I am such a fan of the Mortal Kombat series , I know there ’s a lot of concern about the mysticism and the special powers and all that kind of stuff .
Well , like I said , this is really designed — the short so far is really designed like a prologue to the movie .
Now , in a movie version , I am going to have that mysticism there , but it has to be done in a very tasteful way .
I would n’t like it too campy or too cheesy .
I know this is a weird analogy , but it ’s the best one I can think of right now .
It ’s kind of like when in Harry Potter , there ’s two universes that coexist with each other .
There ’s the real world , and then you get on the train and then you go to Hogwart ’s , and that ’s where all the magic is .
It was actually kind of similar in the first Mortal Kombat , too .
They had to get on the ship and go to the island , and that ’s where all the crazy stuff happened .
So that ’s essentially what I want to do with this movie , but I want to do it tastefully .
I do n’t want it to be over the top , too much wirework .
I think one of the reasons why I chose such a gritty , grounded base was because I am such a huge fan of movies like Flashpoint , Kill Zone , The Protector , Ong - bak .
I came at that from a choreography end and lately I ’ve been a little tired of the wirework Crouching Tiger style of martial arts and really gravitated towards a hard hitting , in - your - face , ground - and - pound , just going for it kind of martial arts when Tony Jaa burst into the pop zeitgeist .
So that was one thing I did want to make sure I was going to be able to do , and it was n’t going to be too over the top with fireballs and electricity .
Even though I do want to have that in there .
But I really feel like there has to be limitations to it .
There has to be rules .
Because when you take a special move , and you make it indisposable , to me it ’s no longer special .
It has to all come from something that has a little bit of limitation to it .
I think whenever I talk about stuff like this , I always give the analogy of the whole Matrix trilogy .
I personally only really love the first one , because I feel like that ’s the only one that had personal stakes with Neo .
He had limitations .
He had obstacles that he had to overcome .
His powers were limited .
But once you got him there , it was amazing .
The other two , not so much .
When he turned into a CG character , and he has the big metal pipe , and he ’s killing eight thousand versions of Agent Smith .
When I saw that for the first time , I felt like Peter Griffin trying to make it through Failure to Launch .
He got up and just said , “ Done . ” I tuned out it because it was n’t real for me anymore .
I did n’t really feel like there were any obstacles to overcome .
So with all that mysticism , I want to infuse it .
But I also want to infuse it with a little bit more of a demonic presence , as opposed to an Asian mysticism presence , so that it feels a little bit more evil .
That ’s the thing about Mortal Kombat .
I love that it was all the bad things .
It was evil , it was bloody .
It was your way of being twelve and rebelling .
“ I ’m not gonna play Sonic the Hedgehog — I ’m gonna play Mortal Kombat . ”
I definitely want to incorporate all of that stuff , but I want to incorporate it in a very tasteful way .
Not in an over the top , campy way , where everyone one is just throwing fireballs , and throwing electricity , and having an unlimited supply of special moves .
Because then , if you do that , to me they ’re not special anymore at all .
And I want to incorporate all of the very iconic things that have made Mortal Kombat so special .
I think , obviously one of the more iconic ones is Scorpion having a flaming skull .
However , you have to take in mind that that ’s also Ghost Rider .
You have to really be clever with how you ’re going to do that .
You ca n’t just do it again .
It just wo n’t look good anymore .
So that would be my movie version if I ever get to be lucky enough to to do something like that .
Obviously Mortal Kombat , the original game , had limited characters .
And as the sequels kept going , they kept on adding more and more characters .
Do you see yourself — say you were able to make the movie .
And also , with the short that you did , was there a purposeful choosing of the characters that you got ?
And where ’s the line , if you did make a movie , between the realistic characters and the almost fantasy characters .
KT : I wanted to put some grit in the fantasy characters .
Like with Reptile , I found a very interesting way , I think , of making him feel real .
Even though , of course , in real life it would never be that extreme .
Now the line that has to be drawn is I do n’t want to go so crazy and just have so many damn characters that you ca n’t track —
I think a lot of movies actually suffer that flaw where all of a sudden there ’s too many .
The only thing useful I can come up with is the second Transformers and the third Spider - Man and it was like , I had no idea who I should watch anymore .
There ’s just too many people .
I did want to make sure it feels focused .
Now in this short I made , these characters made the most sense , conceptually , to carry out a clean narrative .
Now , I love Liu Kang , but Liu Kang has been told already in the first and second movies .
Now I want Liu Kang for the tournament .
I do n’t want to have to follow him as the main protagonist because that would be repeating the first movie .
Of course , as a kid , to me there were only two characters that I loved .
And it was Scorpion , and Sub - Zero .
And the fact that we have n’t seen their rivalry played out , I think , is a shame .
Because I really want to see that story .
To me there ’s nothing better than a really , really good rivalry against each other , and a revenge tale .
It ’s all so , to me , gratifying .
I wanted to utilize Scorpion , because he is arguably the most iconic of the Mortal Kombat franchise .
There are key words that pop up when you say Mortal Kombat .
There ’s the techno theme song , obviously .
There ’s “ Fatality . ”
There ’s “ Flawless victory . ”
There ’s “ babality . ”
And there ’s “ Get over here . ”
That ’s one of the big ones .
I wanted to take the bad guy and make him one of the leads of the movie .
I always think it ’s interesting when you can have a three dimensional character like that be at the forefront of the film .
And I think Jax is such a real character .
I would love to see how he got his metal arms .
I thought that was great .
Sonya ’s also such a classic character .
Everyone knows Sonya .
I did want to utilize the most iconic characters and not get too carried away with the over the top nature that you can get away with in video games , but not necessarily in cinema .
So I probably would n’t have people like Cyrax .
I would have people like Kabal .
But not Cyrax .
Stryker is another interesting character .
I would definitely like to explore Kitana and Kung Lao .
I definitely want to ask you …” fatalaties ” .
That ’s like the most iconic word with Mortal Kombat .
How do you plan to — is there a plan in your brain for how to put “ fatalities ” into the movie .
KT : I would definitely have them .
The thing about the first film was that it had to be tamed down so much for the audience .
There ’s a part of me that understand that , but then there ’s a huge part of me that ’s like “ Guys , Mortal Kombat was very popular for very specific reasons . ”
I was so angry when they came out with the Super Nintendo version of Mortal Kombat and the blood was gone .
It was like sweat and sand and I was really pissed off .
And then they came out with a cheat where you can turn the sweat red .
It still was n’t the Mortal Kombat that I wanted .
In the arcades , we would all cheer when someone actually knew how to do a fatality .
So I would want to incorporate a good amount .
Not over the top , where it feels like we ’re just doing it for shock value .
But I think Sub - Zero has a great fatality .
I think Scorpion has a great fatality and I think Kano has a great fatality .
These are all the original .
I would go back to Mortal Kombat 1 , 2 , and 3 , and adhere to those fatalities .
Because those are the ones that I feel everyone kind of remembers , and really has a nostalgic value to them .
I would incorporate them in the tournament aspect in a very organic way .
And what about the , of course , “ get over here ? ”
And certain lines like that , obviously .
Is there a plan for certain characters to use those ?
KT : Yeah , of course .
I would definitely save that to the end .
It ’s got to be one of those moments .
It ’s got to be like “ the movie moment ” , when he finally says “ get over here . ”
If you have them say it throughout the movie , it ’s not really special anymore .
But I want to make a huge moment of that .
You gotta have that moment where you think … in classic form you think Scorpion is about to die to his enemy and then he finally gets up and he says the iconic line and then starts kicking ass .
You want to have that .
And I 100 % plan on using that .
You have to .
There ’s just no way around it .
I even had to include it in the short because , I do n’t know , there ’s something about the way tonally that expression is said in the video game that just rings in my brain on , like , a broken record .
I just wanted to make sure I included it in the short .
But yes , there ’s definitely a plan to have that movie moment , when he finally says “ get over here ” towards the end of the film .
You have Michael Jai White as the police captain .
Obviously , the guy is just an incredible — he ’s so good with action .
I ’m assuming that if you ’re able to do something that his character would be somehow involved with the battle .
KT : One hundred percent .
He ’s Jax Briggs .
He ’s the detective from the real world .
And that ’s actually part of the story of the original Mortal Kombat .
He ’s part of a special unit that deals with the Outworld program .
I think having a grounded character in the mix here is very important .
That ’s why I had Sonya and Jax be such important characters in the short film .
Because if I were to ever do a feature version of it , I do feel like their presence is extremely valuable to be thrust into that world .
You have Scorpion being the sort of protagonist of the short for the feature .
So is the plan for the character to basically — I guess a lot of people are always apprehensive about seeing the villain turned for good .
Is your plan to keep it so he ’s just the villain , and he just happens to be —
KT : Listen , Scorpion is the bad guy and will stay a bad guy .
His motives are personal .
It ’s not to help out anybody .
It ’s to get Sub - Zero .
If Jax and Sonya can coattail off of that revenge , awesome .
But Scorpion does not care .
He ’s going after one thing , and one thing only .
And I personally love that .
I do n’t want to see Scorpion go soft .
Do I think Scorpion can be flawed ?
Absolutely .
There ’s no such thing as an interesting character that ’s just one dimensional .
I love it when the bad guy is at the forefront because you ’re able to tell so many different stories that are not so conventional .
And I love that .
I really do .
I think there ’s a lot of that kind of style of storytelling , I personally only see in Korea .
I would love to see that kind of new main character be told here .
I obviously respond to movies like A Bittersweet Life and Oldboy where this guy has one motive .
It ’s very clear , and he goes after it .
And it ’s never wholesome .
But for some reason you ’re very engaged in his cause , and that ’s exactly what I would hope to achieve with Scorpion , because I think he ’s such a cool character , a really cool character .
Him and Sub - Zero are both , to me , will be the main Mortal Kombat icons .
What ’s your reaction to getting almost a million views , as I am talking to you , on YouTube in 24 hours ?
KT : I am so happy because I ’m a huge fan of social networking and I feel like it ’s such a unique tool for young filmmakers like me .
You know at first I was just making this to prove to Warner Bros , but then I sent the link privately to some friends for their opinions .
All of the sudden it was on some websites .
I freaked out for a minute , but I could n’t stop it at that point .
And I was extremely nervous about this one .
Because what I wanted more than anything was support from the fans who like this kind of stuff .
And the fact that this is overwhelmingly positive so far — obviously you ca n’t please everyone , and there ’s going to be a handful of people who do n’t like it .
Even on Youtube , if you look at the likes / dislikes , it ’s about 95 % good .
The negative 5 % is there , but I even think some of that negativity will be lifted once they know what I plan to do with the mysticism side of it all .
Like Raiden ’s not going to be an electrician with lasers on his forearm or anything like that .
I have no interest in doing anything like that .
I just thought Baraka was a cool character and I know there ’s — you know , on comment blogs you get a lot of mixed things .
And there ’s obviously a lot of questions about race , but I do n’t understand why that ’s such an issue when Nick Fury is Sam Jackson .
I took the liberty of making Baraka a real .
I wanted to ground as much as I could in the prologue that leads us up to the tournament .
So I ’m overwhelmed by the fan reaction because I did not expect for it to be this … viral , I guess ?
I do n’t even know if it ’s considered viral yet , I just know that a lot of people are questioning it , and liking it , and watching it .
And I am more than happy that there ’s a large group of fans who really like it , and that ’s all I ’m happy about .
I ’m very happy about that .
Switching gears completely , let ’s ask — obviously , you wrapped Fame like a year ago .
I do n’t even know how long ago it was now .
A year and a half ?
It was a little while .
You got this .
Have you been developing other things ?
KT : I am developing two or three other things , but it ’s such in a phase that I ca n’t talk about it right now .
But I definitely plan on telling everyone what it is in the next two months .
Obviously the past two months I ’ve focused on doing this , and once you ’re passionate about something and you do it , you ca n’t stop doing it .
So now that I ’m done with it , I can focus on the other projects that I was getting started .
But I ’ll have to let you know about those projects in a couple months .
Oh no , totally .
Do you have any sort of behind - the - scenes videos or any other stuff that fans can maybe look forward to seeing ?
Or are you just keeping this short as “ That ’s it ” ?
KT : Originally it was just the short , and that ’s it .
But I did n’t even know if there would be an appetite for more .
Yes , we have behind - the - scenes footage .
Of course I had someone there shooting all the footage and the behind - the - scenes work and that kind of stuff .
But we did n’t do anything with it .
It was kind of my personal video .
I did n’t edit it or anything so it would act as a featurette .
But if it ’s something that fans want to see , I would definitely put it out .
The fight scene was also cut down a little bit .
We only had four hours to shoot that .
So I was running and gunning .
Me and the fight choreographer had bigger plans , but then once you get there on set , and there ’s so many other obstacles to jump over , you have to start trimming .
But there is a longer version of that fight that has a little bit more groundwork .
Like , MMA groundwork .
That slowed us down in the short film , but was pretty cool on its own .
Maybe I ’ll release that as well .
I think a lot of people really dig the design you came up with for some of the characters .
Often what happens is when , say , studios have characters they do these character posters .
So my question is , did you guys have anybody on set taking any still images of some of the characters that could be released for people as screensavers .
KT : Yeah , yeah , definitely .
We took a lot of pictures of the makeup for Reptile and Johnny Cage and all the others .
We definitely had on - set photography .
What I ’d be very interested in is releasing those photos and seeing if there ’s anyone out there willing to make awesome posters .
Because that ’s something I did n’t do .
But yeah , I would love to release those photos and things like that .
If I can get my hands on them and get the photographer ’s permission , then yeah .
I think that ’s something that would be really cool .
At 41 , Jennie Withers found herself single and childless .
In July 2006 , she appealed for a " co-parent " .
Here 's the extraordinary story of what happened next .
Plus , an interview with Europe 's most prolific sperm donor
It 's almost four years since that article .
The one published in this magazine in which I made a direct appeal for someone to father my child .
I 've just re-read it and cringed again .
What was I thinking , being so public about my failed efforts at relationships ?
It seemed a good idea at the time – I was single and 41 – to take a more pragmatic approach to making a family and explore the possibility of co-parenting a child with someone like - minded .
I did n't want to raise a child on my own , and I wanted them to have a real father .
Nothing changes if nothing changes , and the piece was certainly one way to state an intention .
But I had n't thought through where it might take me .
When the article appeared , in July 2006 , it attracted a huge amount of comment – both critical and supportive .
It was interesting to hear from people who'd done a similar thing with varying degrees of success .
It was heartbreaking to hear from many women in a similar situation to my own – fortysomething , single , childless , but wanting it to be different .
What happened to our generation – the women that were supposed to be able to have it all ?
I received several emails and letters expressing interest in assisting me with my project .
All of a sudden I was " dating " prospective co-parents rather than potential mates and I was totally in the dark on the etiquette .
What to wear ?
What to talk about / not to talk about ?
How do I promote my credentials as a desirable mother given I have no track record ?
How do I assess who would make a good " partner " in the enterprise , let alone a good dad ?
And how do you get to know someone well enough , quickly enough ?
It was fascinating to discover that there were many men who for various reasons were looking to have a child outside the conventional family set - up .
It challenged an old idea of mine that men were n't really into children .
Some men wanted to be putting baby to bed every night , others were happy with birthdays and Christmas .
Not able to envisage how things might pan out , I was open to either .
The grief of giving up the traditional idea of a partner / husband was more intense than I had anticipated .
But I was excited by the possibilities that lay ahead : I had publicly stated my desire to have a child , which was curiously thrilling and liberating .
I was lucky enough to meet a couple of great prospective dads – kind , decent , lovable men with whom I felt I could feasibly share a child and a life .
We spent time getting to know each other , meeting each other 's friends – and in one case , his partner – and discussing logistics .
It was , as I anticipated in my original article , a bit like the divorce without the marriage , negotiating how to bring up a child separately .
The situation demanded a leap into intimate discussions about values , education , spiritual beliefs , living arrangements , financial responsibility and TV - watching policy .
One man was horrified about my idea to raise a baby macrobiotically .
I was equally shocked by another man 's insistence that McDonald 's should feature in every child 's diet .
At least it meant that all these things were discussed upfront .
And then along came Graeme .
I knew him vaguely from yoga .
I knew his ex-partner , Mark , better .
In fact it was Mark who had initially planted the co-parent seed when he suggested several years ago that I have a child with him , but at that stage I had n't yet given up on the possibility of true love and happily - ever - after .
Graeme and Mark had separated a year before and I got to know Graeme better during that time .
It had crossed my mind that he might be a candidate for my project , but I assumed he would have said as much if he'd been interested .
I 'd had one too many weird conversations with male friends to risk another rejection .
( One high point was a dinner with an old friend – single but with definite potential as a dad – to whom I popped the question as casually as I could .
He was so shocked he nearly fell off his chair ; our evening ended shortly afterwards and I never heard from him again … )
I had held a lunch party to introduce a prospective dad to some friends , and invited Graeme as a possible romantic match for someone else .
Graeme says it was then that he decided to volunteer .
All he tells me now is that he simply felt he would be a much better prospect .
At dinner later that week we just clicked – and almost immediately agreed to go ahead .
He was to be my co-parent and I ( rather awkwardly ) declined my other options .
Visits to doctors and clinics with a view to getting pregnant is a strange thing to do with someone you do n't know very well .
And there is n't a box to tick for " co-parents " – " No , he 's not ' just ' a donor ; we 're doing this together . "
We also soon found out that we were n't exactly the ideal baby - making team and that we had some medical obstacles to overcome .
My gynaecologist began advising me to " find another donor " ( which felt horrible , especially as Graeme did n't know ) .
We grabbed a weekend in Graeme 's busy travel schedule to spend some time together and to visit my sister .
It did feel oddly like going away with a date , but by now I was used to things generally being odd .
There we were having dinner in the local fish and chip shop , talking about the day and nothing in particular , when Graeme suddenly went very quiet .
I could barely hear what he was saying as he muttered that he 'd fallen for me .
In hindsight it was obvious – friends had hinted at how fond of me he seemed – but at the time I was totally taken aback .
My initial reaction was to panic , as I envisaged all my carefully laid plans dissolving .
Graeme did n't fit my idea of what I was looking for in a " real " partner .
As far as I was concerned , he was my gay best friend and co-parent , and I was quite liking it that way .
" We can't possibly have sex – we 're supposed to be having a baby , " I wailed to a girlfriend on the phone .
We were due for a clinic appointment later that week .
It felt very awkward going through the " gay co-parent " explanation again with the doctors .
Things had changed , and I was n't really sure what the story was any more .
Excruciatingly , the doctor needed a semen sample from Graeme that day .
I 'm not sure which of us found that more awkward .
Graeme was then away for a month , so we both had time to mull things over .
When he got back , in February 2007 , we decided to make a go of it as a couple .
As far as he was concerned it was absolutely the right thing to do , and I was being slow to see it .
Oh , the confidence !
We dated in a very old - fashioned way .
I was wary of getting involved in anything that was n't going to be for real .
And he was probably nervous as hell about getting involved with a woman for the first time in his life .
So we took our time .
Then one week I accompanied Graeme on a work trip to Verona .
I 'd insisted on separate rooms and was full of slightly crazy ideas about writing a formal charter for a relationship ( we 'd been doing the same for child - rearing ) .
Graeme patiently put up with it all and took me to a beautiful place on a lake for the weekend .
I remember skipping down to breakfast one day knowing that he was the man I wanted to share my life with , and writing in the hotel guestbook that this had been the place where we 'd fallen in love .
It was a glorious summer .
We threw a party and announced our news .
I moved to Graeme 's and he plucked up the courage to tell his parents ( " Surely it ca n't be harder than telling them you 're gay ? " ) .
Friends and family were mostly delighted ; some friends found it hard to accept .
Funny that it seems very acceptable for a man to go from straight to gay but not the other way around .
One of my dearest ( gay ) friends could n't have been more shocked when I broke the news .
" Falling for you ?
That 's just not possible . "
Hey – thanks .
Graeme was unfazed : he had found someone he loved and spent the first half of his life with them .
And now he had found someone else he loved .
It was challenging , but it was funny , too – Graeme getting used to women ( feminine logic , emotional outbursts and carrying luggage ) , and me getting used to a man who was n't used to women .
Romance took over from engineered baby - making for a while .
There was , however , little chance of conceiving naturally – and it was a blessing that we already knew that .
We decided , a little impulsively , to move to New York .
Graeme wanted to leave his old home and make a new home together , and by September 2007 we had found a little apartment in SoHo and were making our life there .
I was still holding out hope that we'd be able to conceive naturally .
From macrobiotic remedies to Chinese herbs , acupuncture , bodywork of various kinds , body / mind therapy and a mad clinic in Florida that promised to unblock Fallopian tubes – I think we tried it all .
At least we got pretty healthy in the process .
We also progressed along the western medical route with IVF .
And in February last year I found out I was pregnant .
I wo n't ever forget leaving a clinic in London after the all - clear on the big test ( for Down 's syndrome etc ) .
It was a beautiful day .
Graeme and I grabbed some lunch in a little café , stunned and happy .
Telling friends and family was joyous .
Neither of our families was expecting either of us to have children , so it was special news to tell .
Friends who'd walked this path with me from the beginning were thrilled .
Victory Alexander was born here in New York on 7 November 2009 .
We were lucky to be able to have him at home ( not many people do in NYC ) and we had a wonderful midwife and doula .
It truly was the night of my life .
It 's been a privilege to spend these past three years with Graeme , who has been as good a man , lover , partner and father as I could have wished for .
Perhaps the advantage of having a more pragmatic approach to coupleship , rather than getting too caught up in the romantic love - bubble and its disappointments , is that it feels we are building something solid , healing , and deeply satisfying .
As I sit here listening to Graeme sing songs to his baby son in the bathroom , I am awed and humbled by the mystery of life 's twists and turns .
Two weeks ago , Graeme asked me to marry him .
A perfect end to the story this far .
To read Jennie 's original article , go to http://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2006/jul/02/familyandrelationships
The five millers meet 50 per cent of the country ’s demand in flour .
They threaten to stop sales in protest against a Department of Trade and Industry decision to slash prices .
Manila ( AsiaNews / Agencies ) – A “ strike ” by five flour mills is striking fear in Filipinos who might find themselves without bread on Monday .
The five millers meet 50 per cent of the market needs .
A few days ago , they said they would stop selling flour by 15 June in protest against the decision by the Department of Trade and Industry ( DTI ) to cut the cost of a an average bag by as much 160 pesos , from 790 to 630 , ( US $ 17.2 to US $ 13.7 ) .
The DTI has not yet determined whether sales have actually stopped but bakers are deeply concerned that they might run out of flour .
Simplicio Umali , president of Gardenia Bakeries , said that flour millers are already cancelling their deliveries .
“ Five millers have informed our group that they will not be able to deliver , ” Umali said .
Umali warned that his company would shut down operations in three days time if the shortage continues .
“ We can supply bread until Saturday and Sunday but by Monday we are not sure anymore if we can operate if the supply does not come ” .
DTI Undersecretary Zenaida C. Maglaya said that they are looking into the shortage allegations .
“ We have to verify , ” she said , adding that DTI officials are already inspecting flour mills .
Philippine Association of Flour Millers ( PAFMIL ) Executive Director Ric M. Pinca said it was wrong to accuse the flour millers of not delivering flour .
In fact , no miller has stopped selling , despite their protest against price cuts .
Millers will follow the DTI order , he said .
“ At first , we did not understand the order , ” he explained , “ but now we are complying . ”
RELATED :
Israel stands firm :
We wo n't free ' mega - terrorists ’ in swap
Noam and Aviva Schalit march to Jerusalem , Sunday .
Addressing the Schalit family and the 10,000 supporters on the " Freedom March " which set out from Mitzpe Hila on Sunday morning , N
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Aviva Schalit told reporters Sunday morning that , " We 're heading off on a long , exhausting journey today , and we 'll return only with Gilad . "
" With your help , and with the help of the public that will join us on the journey , we 'll bring Gilad home , " she added .
Herb Keinon and Tovah Lazaroff contributed to this story .
Noam Schalit spoke in Nahariya Sunday evening as the first day of the march to Jerusalem for the release of Gilad ended in the city .
Speaking at the city mall to thousands of people that joined the march Schalit said that it was a nice surprise to see so many people .
He went on to say that he appreciates the support and it gives the family strength .
He called upon people to continue marching with them all the way to Jerusalem .
Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu extended an invitation to Noam and Aviva Schalit on Sunday to meet with him in Jerusalem and discuss the government 's efforts to free their son.etanyahu said , " my heart and our hearts are with Gilad Schalit and his family .
"
The prime minister continued , " Four years after [ Schalit 's ] abduction , I call on the international community to line up alongside the State of Israel and our unequivocal and just demand that our abducted soldier be returned immediately .
" The Schalit family and supporters began their procession on Sunday from the family 's Mitzpe Hila home in the upper Galilee on an 11 - day trek to Jerusalem to demand that the government free Gilad from captivity .
The procession is currently headed in the direction of Nahariya .
Before embarking on their journey , On Friday , Noam Schalit called on all Israelis to join him and his family on their march , which will end at the Prime Minister ’s Residence in Jerusalem .
Once they arrive , “ we will sit and we will not return home without Gilad , ” said Noam in a video message that he released on Friday , the fourth anniversary of the day that his son , then a 19 - year old soldier , was kidnapped as he patrolled the border between Gaza and Israel .
He has been held by Hamas in Gaza since then .
The only contact his family has had with him has been three letters and one video they have received .
Before we get too excited here , let 's remember .
There 's still an energy problem .
Global warming , too .
Nobody 's going to be importing oil substitutes from Titan anytime soon .
That said , data from the Cassini probe orbiting Saturn has shown that the ringed planet 's moon has " hundreds of times more liquid hydrocarbons than all the known oil and natural gas reserves on Earth , " according to research reported in the Geophysical Research Letters .
The stuff is literally falling from the sky .
Lakes are scattered across the moon , with each of several dozen holding more hydrocarbon liquid – largely in the form of methane and ethane – than all of Earth 's oil and gas reserves .
" Titan is just covered in carbon - bearing material – it's a giant factory of organic chemicals , " said ( Johns Hopkins University physicist , and Cassini radar team member Ralph ) Lorenz .
" This vast carbon inventory is an important window into the geology and climate history of Titan . "
Naturally , there 's a greenhouse effect involved ( just remember that before you get too excited about new reserves of burnable organics ) .
As methane escapes into the moon 's atmosphere , it breaks down and escapes into space – but meanwhile , it 's keeping the surface of the moon at a comparatively comfortable negative 290 degrees Fahrenheit .
Scientists are more interested in seeing how far an environment like that can progress in producing the complex carbon molecules that ultimately lead to life , however .
" We are carbon - based life , and understanding how far along the chain of complexity towards life that chemistry can go in an environment like
Titan will be important in understanding the origins of life throughout the universe , " added Lorenz .
The Cassini probe 's next Titan flyby will be on Feb. 22 .
Titan 's surface organics surpass oil reserves on Earth [ ESA ]
Image : A smog - shrouded Titan , as seen by Cassini behind Saturn 's rings .
The small moon Epimetheus hangs over the rings .
The color in the image was overlaid on a black - and - white image , to approximate what how the scene would look to our eyes .
Credit : NASA / JPL / Space Science Institute )
Monstrous Supplement ( Original core set )
Monstrous Compendium Appendix
Monstrous Supplement ( Planes of Chaos )
Monstrous Supplement ( Planes of Law )
Monstrous Compendium Appendix II
Monstrous Supplement ( Planes of Conflict )
Monstrous Compendium Appendix III
So I cut my teeth gaming on 2nd edition Advanced Dungeons and Dragons .
Dragonlance , Ravenloft , Dark Sun , all these worlds bring back a small twinge of nostalgia when I see something that reminds me of them .
But the setting that will always have my heart , that has never , in my opinion , been surpassed , and that I 've never ever been able to do any justice in actually running , has been Planescape .
Planescape !
Infinite worlds promising an infinite variety of infinite adventures , and sitting in the center of it all , Sigil , the City of Doors , a hotbed of faction politics and intrigue barely kept from exploding into violence by the mysterious Lady of Pain .
No other D&D setting compares , because it contains , within itself , all other D&D settings , and no other game setting compares , because , frankly , Planescape is awesome .
In the literal definition of " engendering awe " .
Ah , how I love it so .
So anyway .
I 've seen , in a couple of places , people who desire a nostalgia trip going through their monster manuals and commenting on each and every entry , in order , in a public place .
Sometimes it 's 2nd edition , sometimes it 's original AD&D , sometimes it's on a forum like rpg.net , sometimes it's in a blog like " Playing D&D With Porn Stars " , you get the idea .
The last time I saw something like it , a little thought occurred to me : " I could totally do this with Planescape .
" And I checked , and , well , I actually still had all those books of Planescape monsters , some in nicer condition than others , but all very readable .
The possibility tantalized me .
So , let 's get to it !
I 'm gonna do the books in order of release .
For the curious , that 's :
SLATED VERSION - Around the Air Force : Skyborg Contracts Awarded , Tech Training Streamlined , and Hurricane Hunters
Defense Media Activity - Air Force
Today ’s look Around the Air Force highlights new contracts awarded to industry for the Skyborg Vanguard Program , a new program bypassing traditional Tech School for technical training to take place at an Airman 's first duty station , and Hurricane Hunters track a storm in the Pacific .
More
That was quick .
Phone just got released to media members yesterday and someone has already started ripping goodies from it .
First up , the multi - touch keyboard .
Yay !
I was able to get this to work on my non-rooted Droid Incredible flawlessly and should also work on a 2.1 Droid .
With that said , I was unable to get it to work on my 2.2 Froyo Droid .
Apparently it will work with Froyo , but my JRummy ’d version did n’t like it .
Video action …
Instructions …
* For all users .
Rooted and non-rooted .
1. Download this file to your SD card : repackaged - signed.apk
2 . Once it finishes , tap on it and then click “ Install . ”
3 . When that finishes , exit out and go into Settings > Language & Keyboard
4 . Check the box for “ Multi - touch keyboad . ”
5 . Exit out and open a text box , long press and choose “ input method . ”
6. Select “ multi - touch keyboard . ”
7. Done !
Please let us know in the comments if you get this to work on a 2.2 ROM or stock 2.1 Droid .
Thanks !
And another big thanks is in store for the guys at XDA Forums for porting this over .
Amazing work again .
This has also been added to our downloads page .
Source : XDA Forums
Cheers Greg !
_______________________________________________
More Droid X Goodies : Multi- touch Keyboard | Boot Animation | Wallpapers | Live Wallpaper
Polar Bears – Thank you Mr. President For Stopping Shell Oil From Killing Us
In a huge victory for the Arctic ’s endangered species , today Interior Secretary Ken Salazar and President Barack Obama announced that Shell Oil company wo n’t be allowed to drill for oil in Alaska ’s Beaufort and Chukchi seas this year .
Shell was scheduled to begin drilling in just 34 days .
The win comes in response to intense protests and court challenges by the Center for Biological Diversity and its allies , and the incredible outpouring of emails from our supporters to Obama calling to stop the drilling .
Thank you for your unflagging commitment to protect the Arctic .
“ We applaud the Secretary ’s decision and hope that he permanently ends all new offshore oil drilling in Alaska ” said Kierán Suckling , executive director of the Center for Biological Diversity .
“ Drilling for oil in icy Arctic waters is like playing Russian roulette .
There is no way to clean up a spill there , and endangered species such as polar bears , whales , walruses , and seals are already under too much stress . ”
Of note , on Tuesday , just days before this major announcement to stop Shell ’s drilling , Center staff and polar bear mascot Frostpaw greeted President Barack Obama on his visit to San Francisco with an urgent plea to heed the clear risks :
Do n’t let Shell drill in the Arctic this summer .
Apparently , the president listened .
Check out our statement on the suspension of Shell ’s drilling and our call for stronger regulatory measures , and read more about Obama ’s San Francisco visit in the San Francisco Chronicle .
The violence of the mob was considerable , with hooligans smashing windows , looting stores and setting police cars ablaze .
I 'm referring , of course , to the hockey riots in Montreal in April 2008 , after the Montreal Canadiens ' playoff victory over the Boston Bruins .
If you do n't remember this thuggery — or similar Montreal riots last month following another hockey victory — it 's probably because that violence was n't used as an excuse to justify a massive police clampdown on a city .
What went on in Toronto last weekend — as this usually vibrant city was put under virtual police lockdown — went far beyond any necessary measures to preserve public order and protect world leaders at the G20 summit .
Could this massive display of force be an example of Stephen Harper 's intense desire to control things , from the PMO right down to street protestors ?
Certainly , when it comes to those who openly protest his policies , the Prime Minister appears determined to smother dissent at any cost , with little regard for their legal or civil rights .
Before the summit even began , Harper was clearly gearing up for a crackdown , with plans to spend $ 930 million on 19,000 police for the G20 ( and smaller G8 summit in Huntsville ) .
This was stunningly out of line with how other big cities have handled G20 summits .
Britain spent $ 28.6 million on 5,000 police to host the G20 in London in April 2009 , while the U.S. spent a paltry $ 12.2 million on 4,000 police for the Pittsburgh G20 summit last September .
Yet no world leaders were roughed up in London or Pittsburgh .
With Torontonians enraged by the exorbitant cost of arming their city to the teeth , the Harper government seemed determined to make it look necessary .
On Saturday afternoon , a number of black - clad hooligans broke from the peaceful march and began an outrageous rampage of vandalism through downtown Toronto .
Despite a massive presence of police in the city core , hoodlums were able to smash shop windows unimpeded and leave police cars burning in front of TV cameras , creating the impression the city was dangerously under siege .
Police then moved forcefully , swooping up hundreds of people — many of whom were obviously peaceful protestors , including some singing O Canada — and holding them in deplorable conditions in cages at a makeshift detention centre .
As the Star reported , a veterinarian was woken at 4 a .m. by police pointing a gun at him in his High Park bedroom , as they searched for a protest organizer .
And Sunday evening , dozens of people who were n't even protesting — including some whose apparent crime was waiting for a bus at Spadina and Queen Streets — were detained on the street for four hours , much of it during a torrential downpour .
Meanwhile , even as his government hemorrhaged close to a billion dollars on “ security ” over the weekend , Harper pushed an agenda of austerity and deficit cutting at the G20 .
This will mean brutal belt - tightening around the world , even though the deficits are clearly the result of the global recession triggered by the 2008 Wall Street meltdown .
This connection is not lost on the G20 protestors , who see great injustice in the world 's people being made to tighten their belts because of Wall Street 's financial speculation .
With the top 25 hedge fund managers earning a combined $ 25.3 billion last year , Wall Street 's bailed - out financiers are clearly back in their private jets — while peaceful citizens protesting such injustice are locked up in cages .
Linda McQuaig 's column appears every other week .
lmcquaig@sympatico.ca
A couple years ago , a branch in Django 's repository was created to explore implementing finer - grained permissions ( at the level of individual objects , rather than at the level of model classes ) .
That branch is long since dead ; it has not seen a commit in over two years , and likely will never be updated or integrated into Django in any meaningful way .
If you need finer - grained permissions in your own applications , it should be noted that Django 's administrative application supports this , via the following methods which can be overridden on subclasses of ModelAdmin .
Note that all of these methods receive the current HttpRequest object as an argument , allowing for customization based on the specific authenticated user :
queryset ( self , request ) :
Should return a QuerySet for use in the admin 's list of objects for a model .
Objects not present in this QuerySet will not be shown .
: Should return a for use in the admin 's list of objects for a model .
Objects not present in this will not be shown .
has_add_permission ( self , request ) :
Should return
True if adding an object is permitted , False otherwise .
: Should return if adding an object is permitted , otherwise .
has_change_permission( self , request , obj=None ) : Should return
True if editing obj is permitted , False otherwise .
If obj is None , should return True or False to indicate whether editing of objects of this type is permitted in general ( e.g. , if False will be interpreted as meaning that the current user is not permitted to edit any object of this type ) .
) : Should return if editing is permitted , otherwise .
If is , should return or to indicate whether editing of objects of this type is permitted in general ( e.g. , if will be interpreted as meaning that the current user is not permitted to edit any object of this type ) .
has_delete_permission( self , request , obj=None ) : Should return
True if deleting obj is permitted , False otherwise .
If obj is None , should return True or False to indicate whether deleting objects of this type is permitted in general ( e.g. , if False will be interpreted as meaning that the current user is not permitted to delete any object of this type ) .
For public - facing ( i.e. , non-admin ) views , you are of course free to implement whatever form of permission - checking logic your application requires .
AN Indian family with 162 members could be one of the largest living together under one roof .
Ziona , the 66 - year - old head of the family , has 32 wives and 94 children of his own , and his house is also home to his sons ’ children , according to a report in The Times of India .
The extremely large family all live together in one building , located 62 miles from Mizoram , eastern India , in which his wives use the one kitchen to cook the whole family 's meals .
" We prepare 30 to 35 kilograms ( 66 to 77 pounds ) of pork when we want to eat meat and require around 50 kilograms of rice for dinner , " one of Ziona ’s wives told the newspaper .
Ziona is head of the " Chana " sect , which practices a blend of democracy and communism .
Things are heating up with the Palestinian boycott of Jewish settlement products .
The Palestinian Authority has recently passed a law prohibiting the sale of such goods , with potential fines and prison terms imposed on those that flout it .
The authority has dispatched 3,000 volunteers to canvass door to door in the West Bank , explaining what products should be boycotted and why .
According to the Washington Post , at least 17 businesses within the largest settlement bloc , Ma'ale Adumim , have closed as a result of the boycott campaign that took off earlier in the year , while the PA has confiscated $ 5 m - worth ( £ 3.5 m ) of settlement goods across the West Bank .
The reaction to all this in Israel has been a combination of bluster , threats and outrage premised on a theme of : how dare those ingrates .
Settler groups , who you can imagine may see a Palestinian sneezing and call it germ warfare , have decided that this boycott amounts to " economic terror " .
An opinion piece in Israel 's mass - market daily , Yediot Aharonot , warns the PA that " the boycott game can go both ways " .
Uri Ariel , an Israeli minister ( of the far - right National Union party ) , is already cooking up a counter - boycott and sanctions proposal .
The Israel Manufacturers ' Association has said that Israel should close its ports to Palestinian exports until the boycott is lifted , and Israel 's prime minister , Binyamin Netanyahu , has just chimed in and called the campaign self - destructive .
All of which has skewed a few key components of this scenario .
First up – and as PA officials have been careful to point out – trade agreements between Israeli and Palestinian authorities do not apply to Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank , since they are defined as illegal under international law .
Second , Israel has for years been ignoring the very treaty that the PA is now accused of breaching .
The Paris protocol trade agreements , part of the Oslo Accords , are supposed to guarantee the free movement of goods between Israel and the Palestinian territories – but in reality , that 's mostly a one - way flow .
Israeli checkpoints , roadblocks and other restrictions constantly thwart Palestinian exports to Israel , while the Palestinian market is flooded with cheap Israeli imports that stunt the local economy .
Dr Samir Abdullah Ali , director general at the Palestine Economic Policy Research Institute , points out that even clauses specifically contained in the treaty to rebalance trade inequities are flouted .
So , for example , the agreements include a quota for the Israeli import of key Palestinian agricultural items such as tomatoes , cucumbers and watermelons – but it is never met .
Meanwhile , Palestinian exports destined for foreign markets are routinely delayed by port authorities , and registration licenses are withheld for pharmaceutical or other industrial products ( solar water heaters , for instance ) so they cannot enter the Israeli marketplace .
In practice , it all adds up to an undeclared embargo on Palestinian goods – not calling this a boycott does n't mean that it is n't one .
And to add some context to the PA 's ban on settlement goods : these represent $ 200 m of the estimated $ 3 bn – $ 3.5 bn that Palestinians spend annually on Israeli goods and services .
In other words , the outrage could be summarised as a case of Israel not liking the taste of its own medicine .
The strength of the PA - backed settler goods ban must have come as a shock , but Israel is not supposed to enjoy being boycotted – and its approval of this campaign is not required .
• Comments on this article will remain open for 24 hours from the time of publication but may be closed overnight
Pfffft !
I laughed out loud and my sister ended up looking at me funny .
You , man , are an amazing genius .
XD
Rolling Bridge
The Rolling Bridge spans an inlet off the main canal in London ’s Paddington Basin .
Whereas most opening bridges break apart to let boats pass through , the studio wanted to design a bridge that would get out of the way instead , using a softer mechanism to transform itself by mutating rather than fracturing .
Taking initial influence from the fluid , coiling tails of the animatronic dinosaurs of Jurassic Park , the studio evolved the design to create a bridge that rolls up until its two ends join together to make a circle .
The simple , self - contained structure , fixed only to one bank , rolls up to become a freestanding sculptural object , leaving nothing behind on the other side .
Powered by hydraulic fluid , the steel mechanism is so quiet as to be almost spooky .
In the 1980s , when I had my little house in the Montanare di Cortona , friends with small children often came to stay .
If the nippers had n't had a rest , the glimmering evenings and long suppers on the terrace were apt to collapse in screaming cacophony .
We had no TV and the radio was in Italian , so I had no way of keeping the children still and quiet during the siesta other than to tell them a story .
Therefore , after lunch , when the day was at its hottest , I would pile them on to my big bed and , propping myself up with pillows in the middle , I would tell them the story of the most beautiful frog in the world , as , one by one , they fell asleep .
The littlest ones fell asleep first and so missed a good deal of the story .
Everybody missed some , because it was hard to tell which of the heap of children was still awake , and I had to keep on with my tale until I was sure everyone was fast asleep .
That meant that each time , before I could get going on the next episode , we had to have a synopsis .
I would pretend not to remember where we had got to , and bumble and mumble , until the children , desperate to prompt my memory , had retold the story themselves , and the little ones had asked their questions .
In this way I learned what they had understood and what misunderstood .
What was more , the children 's concerns worked their way into the story .
Did the beautiful frog enjoy eating live creatures ?
Did they suffer ?
Why did the bee have to die after it had stung the stork ?
Why did the bee beg the frog to eat her before the ants arrived ?
Why does the spider have such revolting table - manners ?
Can a frog cry ?
What I was doing was as old as the human race , and women have always done it .
Even the most refined aristocrat of antiquity would have been told nursery stories by his first attendants , who were illiterate slaves and peasants .
When it came to building a fanciful narrative of his own , he would recycle the same elements , changing them fundamentally in the process .
The idiom of the original tale had to be standardised , and the events reinterpreted , to make the kind of sense that educated people would recognise , even to the point of ironic subversion of the fantastical elements in the story .
Illiterate women went on providing the staple of the repertoire at the same time as educated people were turning their own variants of the tales into literature .
As long as neither the women nor the children they told their tales to could read , the two kinds of tale - telling could flourish side by side .
The first collector of popular tales for print is known to us now as Gianfrancesco Straparola , who was connected with the Venetian publisher Comin de Trino .
As " Stra- parola " means something like " crazy talk " , we may be sure that this was not the real name of the author of the Piacevoli Notti ( 1550 –1556 ) .
Following the convention established by Boccaccio's Decamerone ( 1353 ) , the Straparola tales are set in a framing narrative , a 13 - day party at the palace of the Bishop of Lodi on the island of Murano during carnevale ; the narrators are 13 ladies .
Two of the tales are recounted in dialect , one in Bergamasco and another in Paduan .
The Straparola stories are pretty good examples of the kinds of stories old peasant women tell .
The fashionable lady who tells the five stories on the second night pretends that the second of her tales is set in Bohemia , but it soon becomes clear that we are dealing with a story about the people living on the shores of the lagoon .
A poor spinner has two daughters , Cassandra and Adamantina .
When she dies she has nothing to leave her daughters but a box of tow .
Cassandra spins a pound of it into thread and sends Adamantina to market to sell the thread and buy bread with the proceeds .
Adamantina meets an old woman who has in her lap a doll , of a kind manufactured in Marghera and Mestre and known as a poavala .
Adamantina falls in love with the poavala and persuades its owner to take the thread in exchange for it .
When she arrives home with the doll and no bread , Cassandra is so disappointed that she flies into a rage and beats Adamantina so soundly that she can barely move .
Adamantina does not retaliate .
At bedtime she brings the doll close to the fire , takes off its clothes , lays it on a woollen cloth , and , putting a little olive oil in the palm of her hand , gently massages its belly and lower back .
Then she wraps it in the softest cloths she can find and lays it in bed beside her .
She has not finished her first sleep when the doll begins to cry , " Mamma , mamma , caca ! "
( The missing " c " in " cacca " betrays Venetian dialect . )
Adamantina gently asks the doll to wait until she has spread her apron under its bottom .
The doll bears down and fills the apron with gold coins .
This she does night after night , and the orphan girls have all their modest needs supplied .
A jealous neighbour steals the doll and tries the same trick , but this time the doll produces a stinking mess of faeces .
Infuriated , the neighbour throws the doll out of the window and on to a heap of rubbish in the street .
Peasants collecting the refuse to spread on the fields as manure throw the doll on to their cart and carry it off to the mainland .
The king , riding by on his way to the hunt , feels a call of nature , gets down from his horse and voids his bowels .
His servant can find nothing better to offer his majesty to wipe his behind on than the rag doll .
No sooner has the king thrust the doll between his buttocks than it bites him hard and will not let go .
Try as they might , the courtiers cannot detach the doll , which not only sinks its teeth deeper and deeper into the royal rear , but uses its hands to twist and wring the king 's sonagli ( his hanging bells ) until he sees stars .
To cut the old wives ' story short , Adamantina hears of the king 's plight , comes to fetch her beloved doll , ends the king 's agony and marries the king , and they live happily ever after .
This is not one of the Straparola stories that his aristocratic successors chose to imitate .
It stems directly from rural living conditions , in which the management of human waste is essential , complex and demanding .
Where there are no toilets , no nappies and no piped water , babies ' attendants simply hold them clear of tables or chairs or other people as they excrete .
When they can toddle , little girls are dressed in skirts with no knickers and little boys in split trousers , as they gradually learn how to tell what they need to do and where to squat to do it , but there are many accidents along the way .
A story like this keys into the manifold anxieties connected with toilet training and with the management of a small baby , which often fell to an older child , when its mother was needed elsewhere .
Rubbing a baby 's stomach with warm olive oil is a good way to ease gripes and stimulate a bowel movement .
As the context of Straparola 's retelling is the entertainment of literate people , his version of the tale is self - consciously rustic , while straightforward ribaldry has become suggestion .
The framing narrative follows it with a riddle involving sonagli , to which there is an obvious , obscene answer .
When the lady who offers it is scolded , she turns the tables by providing an equally valid non -obscene answer .
Such ironic jeux d'esprit are utterly foreign to the old wives ' tale .
When the tales collected by Giambattista Basile during his travels in Naples , Crete and Venice were published by his sister , with the title
Lo cunto de li cunti overo lo trattenimiento de peccerille ( " the story of stories or the entertainment of little people " ) in 1634 , two years after his death , they were found in Neapolitan dialect .
The collection was later known as the Pentamerone .
Basile provided his successors with the basic plots of the stories of Cinderella , Rapunzel , Sleeping Beauty and Hansel and Gretel .
As he knew that his readers would all be people of his own class , he elaborated his style with purple passages of description , but in a story such as " La Mortella ( The Myrtle ) " , we can still discern traits typical of its humble beginning as an old wives ' tale .
The story begins with a woman wishing for a child , any kind of child , even if it is only a sprig of myrtle .
She does give birth – to a sprig of myrtle .
She and her husband put the sprig in a pot , set it in the window and love it more than a daughter .
The prince riding by sees it and coaxes them to sell it to him .
He tends to the plant 's every need with his own hands .
One night , a woman comes unseen to his bed ; in the morning she is gone .
She comes again the next and every night thereafter .
After seven nights the prince ties her hair to his arm so that she cannot escape , and she has no choice but to confess that by day she is his myrtle bush .
She and the prince pledge their love .
One day , the prince tells her that he has to go on a boar hunt , and asks her to turn herself back into a myrtle bush for the duration .
She tells him to hang a bell on her and ring it when he wants her back in human form .
While he is gone seven wicked sisters break into his apartment , see the myrtle and ring the bell .
When the bush turns into a beautiful young woman , they tear her to pieces , all except the youngest of them , who does not join in .
The prince 's chamberlain puts the pieces of her body back into the pot ; they sprout and , when the prince returns , his beloved reappears and he gets permission from his father to marry her .
At the wedding , he asks the congregation what punishment they think appropriate for anyone who would tear his wife to pieces .
The seven sisters suggest live burial , and so are walled up in an underground dungeon , all except the youngest , whom the prince marries to his loyal chamberlain .
Basile elaborates his story in a very adult way : here is his description of the prince 's discovery of a woman in his bed :
Instead of the prickles of a hedgehog in his hand , he found a sweet thing finer and softer than barbary wool , more supple and tender than a marten 's tail , more delicate than thistledown . . .
The ur - tale as told by women is innocent of such embellishments .
It offers no explanations of events and makes no attempt to moralise .
The object is to amaze and appal , to stretch the limits of the child 's imagination .
The story often turns on preoccupations of women – impregnation , pregnancy , childbirth , childloss , rape and domestic violence – in various coded forms .
In " La Mortella " , we begin with a woman longing for a child , which turns into a variant of monstrous birth , and then into an inversion of the Cupid and Psyche theme , in which it is the female lover who comes unseen by night .
The miscreants who enact the sparagmos of the heroine by tearing her into a hundred pieces are also female .
The sheer preposterousness of the idea of a woman 's giving birth to a sprig of myrtle is typical of the naive tale .
If it is to enjoy the tale , the child must not balk at this initial impossibility .
The mystic significance of the myrtle is irrelevant to the tale - teller and the tale , however important it may be for academics .
Even a tale with a male hero , such as Jack and the Beanstalk , is centered in the female world .
Jack 's most important relationship is with his mother , who resorts to violence to discipline him , without success .
His climbing the beanstalk can be seen as an attempt to escape to the superior masculine world , which turns out to be the realm of an ogre , whose wife is Jack 's only ally .
The world at the top of the beanstalk is a mirror image of the world below , except that it is dominated by a destructive male who is eventually made to crash to the ground when Jack cuts down the beanstalk .
The old wives who first told the story cast themselves in the story in two familiar roles , the bad mother ( Jack 's lone parent ) and the good mother ( the brutal father figure 's gentle wife ) .
It is easy to see how the expression " old wives ' tale " could come to mean a superstitious , irrational and untrue statement , which is to be rejected out of hand .
Even the Oxford dictionary defines an old wife 's fable , story or tale as " a foolish story , such as is told by garrulous old women " .
I dare say my story of the most beautiful frog in the world was foolish ; the frog in question was far too like a human child , but it is n't foolish to tell a story in which the frog heroine is in constant danger of being eaten and keeps making friends with the very animals that are most likely to eat her .
Like most tales of its foolish kind , my story was didactic but it did not moralise .
The little frog is exposed to terrible dangers but I made no attempt to make it seem her own fault .
Meanwhile , the children squealed and cried and clapped and cheered , and fell asleep .
If the child 's imagination is to work , the story must not be explained away , nor should the child intuit what the grown - up 's reason for telling such a tale might be .
Cautionary tales emerge from a very different mindset .
Women teach babies and children to speak , which is the same as teaching them to think .
An integral part of this activity is waking up their imagination , to see the numinousness of the real world , giving them , to adapt Wordsworth 's phrase , glimpses that would make them less forlorn .
Wordsworth gives examples of two fables from antiquity , Proteus rising from the sea , and Triton blowing his wreathed horn .
The old wife who lives by the sea is more apt to tell the tale of the silkie , or the miraculous catch of the fish with a ring in its mouth , or the little mermaid .
The old woman who lives in the woods will tell a tale of bears and pixies .
When I lived in Calabria , the peasant children would put out food for the monachicchi , the spirits of children who had died unbaptised , whose cold baby fingers caressed your face as you walked through the olive groves at night .
When they gathered up the empty plates in the morning , maybe the children and their mothers felt a little closer to the ones they had lost – not so foolish after all .
We knew that the cold fingers were gossamer and not baby fingers ; we believed even as we disbelieved .
Most of women 's poetry and story - telling has been swallowed up in the maw of time .
Because the authors of old wives ' tales tales were not literate , because the tales were variants of traditional themes , because the people who told them were women and the people who heard them were children , they were phenomena of no account .
From the earliest times , such narratives have been treated with contempt .
Educated people were only too happy to forget them , and to embrace the culture associated with the elite .
If the old tales were ever remembered by the masculine elite , they were parodied as rustic and absurd .
There are a very few exceptions .
One of them is George Peele , a university man , who translated Euripides and could turn his hand to almost any kind of writing .
In 1593 or so Peele wrote an odd play called The Old Wives '
Tale , which gives us a rare insight into the tales told by old women .
It opens with three little pages who have lost their way in the forest , trying to keep up their spirits as they prepare to see out the long , cold night sheltering in a tree .
Then Clunch the smith turns up .
Though his cottage has only one sleeping place and he is too poor to afford spare bedding , he offers them shelter and takes them home with him .
The smith 's old wife , Madge , offers them her home - made meat pudding and cheese but the little boys , aware that their hosts can ill afford to give away any of their slender provisions , refuse the over - generous offer .
One of them begs her to give them a story instead .
Methinks ,
Gammer , a merry winter 's tale would drive away the time trimly .
Come , I am sure you are not without a score .
An old wives ' tale is the same thing as a winter 's tale .
Winter was the season of long , dark evenings , when most peasant families had to huddle together indoors with no light but what came from the fire .
When Shakespeare called his play The Winter 's Tale , he was deliberately invoking the imaginative realm of the rambling tales told by firelight , of the jealous husband , the rejected child , the princess brought up as a peasant , and the king 's son in disguise .
The play is an old wives ' tale about an old wife , who endures long separation from her husband and the death of her son , and is reunited with her husband at the end .
( Any parallel with the career of Ann Shakespeare may not be entirely coincidental . )
Because it is an old wives ' tale , the play can roam from Bohemia to Sicily and back again , and encompass 16 years .
In Peele 's play the pages begin to clamour for just such a tale .
Look you , Gammer , of the giant and the king 's daughter , and I know not what .
I have seen the day when I was a little one , you might have drawn me a mile after you with such a discourse .
Her story begins as you would expect :
Once upon a time , there was a king , a lord or a duke that had a fair daughter , the fairest that ever was , as white as snow and as red as blood , and once upon a time his daughter was stolen away , and he sent all his men to seek out his daughter , and he sent so long that he sent all his men out of the land .
One of the pages makes a smart remark , and Madge replies : " Nay , either hear my tale or kiss my tail . "
The old wife 's rather confused narrative is interrupted by the entrance of characters from her repertoire .
What follows is a portmanteau fairy tale , which plaits together familiar themes , the shape - changing sorcerer ( Sacrapant ) , the enchanted man at the crossroads who begs from all the other characters and foresees their fates , which he expresses in rhyming riddles – one who turns into a bear at night , the brothers seeking their stolen sister , the wandering knight , the braggart , the grateful dead , the two sisters , one fair and ill - natured , one " black " and sweet - natured , the head in the well .
The play could only have worked because Peele 's audience recognised the motifs and appreciated his ingenuity in reconciling themes from so many different types of tale and from so many versions of those types .
The French salonnières who began telling highly wrought contes des fées in the 1670s were unlikely to have read Straparola , Basile , Peele or Shakespeare .
The story motifs used by all the collectors of tales could be found in parallel versions all over Europe .
The challenge was to spin the basic tale into an artifice that displayed enough verve , charm and elegance to impress a coterie of connoisseurs .
Even so , the roots of the salon fairy tale in the old wives ' tale are fairly easy to trace .
The version of the Cinderella story told by Marie - Catherine , Baronne d'Aulnoy , for example , is uncompromisingly sinister .
A king and a queen have three daughters .
When they lose their kingdom and fall into poverty , the queen says that she can make nets so that the king can catch birds and fish for the two of them to eat , but they will have to get rid of their daughters .
The youngest , Finette , hears her parents talking and resolves to visit her fairy godmother .
Her godmother gives her a ball of magic thread to help her find her way back from anywhere her mother might take her .
The next day the mother takes the girls to a meadow .
When they lie down to sleep , she sneaks off and leaves them there .
Finette leads her sisters home again and their mother pretends that she had meant to return for them all along .
The next day she takes them further away , and abandons them again , and again Finette leads them home .
The third time the mother succeeds in shaking them off , and they are left to fend for themselves .
Finette is a courageous and resourceful girl who succeeds in various exploits , including cutting an ogress 's head off while she is dressing her hair , but because she offends her fairy godmother by not rejecting her sisters she loses her support .
Her sisters , who are as hostile to her as her mother was , rob her and beat her .
When her foot fits the slipper and she marries the prince and her adventurous career is over , we are almost disappointed .
In modern versions of ancient tales , the tension that characterises the relationship of mother and daughter is usually encoded .
The father 's sexual partner is more likely to be presented as a stepmother than a mother , for example , but it is a ruse that should fool no one .
In cruder versions of fairy tales , the monstrous mother is a regular presence .
Snow - White - Fire - Red , for example , has an ogress for a mother , who wants to eat her young lover .
The witches too are mother figures , even when they are cannibals ( especially when they are cannibals ) .
Every mother is a giant witch to her small child sometimes .
The elegant female authors of the rococo fairy tale , Madame D'Aulnoy , Madame de Murat and the Mesdemoiselles L'Héritier de Villandon , Bernard , and de la Force would all have been horrified to be called old wives .
They were youngish ladies , whose versions of old themes are encrusted with rococo artifice .
The spectre of the old wife was still close enough for Charles Perrault to issue Histoires et Contes du Temps Passé , Avec des Moralités or Contes de ma Mere l'Oye in 1697 under his son's name rather than his own .
Though Perrault presents himself as an antiquarian collector , he is no more content simply to record the story as it was told to him than any of his female counterparts .
His versions are meant to inculcate in well brought up young women of the urban middle class a clear understanding of the right way to behave ; in his version , the story of Little Red Riding Hood displays the folly of talking to strangers .
The tale has endured over centuries in oral form because it teases out fears and desires deeply embedded in children 's fantasies .
The human world of Red Riding Hood is usually entirely female ; the only male is an animal .
The many versions contain some or all of the following elements .
A girl is sent by her mother to visit her sick grandmother .
She meets a wolf on the way and tells him exactly where she is going .
The wolf gets there first , eats the grandmother and takes her place in the bed .
The wolf tells the little girl to eat the blood and meat he has left for her , that is to share his crime by eating her grandmother , to take off her clothes , throw them in the fire , and to get into bed with him .
In some versions she outwits him and escapes , and in others the wolf eats her too , and sometimes the wolf is cut open and she and her grandmother are reborn by Caesarean section , while the wolf 's belly is filled with stones and it is thrown in the river .
All of these themes have to do with being a wombed creature , inside whom other creatures may dwell .
Children who regularly witnessed pregnancy and birth , both animal and human , would obviously have puzzled over the bloodiness , the danger and the mystery of both .
The person who sat by the fire and retold the old story had every opportunity to tailor her tale to the emotional context , the better to help the child deal with whatever was toward , but her primary aim was to stimulate the child 's sense of wonder and its awareness of vulnerability , both essential to survival in the rural world .
The explicit moral drawn by Perrault is sexist , urban and bourgeois .
The core story is none of those .
When the Brothers Grimm collected the story from German sources , it had already been influenced by Perrault 's literary version , which was the first to specify that the heroine 's hood was red .
Jeanette Hassenpflug is supposed to have told the tale of Little Red Riding Hood to the elder Grimm , and Marie Hassenpflug to the younger .
For the first edition of their collection Kinder - und Hausmärchen ( 1812 ) , the brothers used both versions , turning the second story into a sequel to the first and calling it Rotkäppchen .
They revised the story several times , using supplementary material , some of it told them by Henriette Dorothea Wild , who married Wilhelm Grimm in 1825 .
By degrees the monstrous fantasy that underlies the core story was exorcised and it became a mere cautionary tale .
The old wife did not need to point her moral ; if she wished her hearers to judge the events she was describing in her story and come to specific conclusions , she had only to stress different elements in it .
If she wanted children to think that the wolf got to her grandmother because Little Red Riding Hood was indiscreet , she had only to tell the story that way .
If , on the other hand , she wanted to make them aware of wolves as a constant danger , she told the story in a different way again .
Little Red Riding
Hood is an outgrowth of the motif of the woman coupled with a carnivorous beast , which is what we would expect of a culture in which women married young and husbands were more likely than wives to survive .
Every child attending a parish church would have witnessed the burial of women who had died in childbirth , some with their newborns in their arms , others with babies not yet born .
The fact that nobody discussed such matters with children would have made the events all the more frightening .
Evidence of the terror of virgins marrying men who had buried several wives can be found only rarely , and then in devotional literature .
The only other place it could be expressed was in encoded form in fantastic fables .
Charles Perrault is credited with the invention of the story of Bluebeard , which is clearly indebted to folk tales .
If we consider that a nobleman was more likely to have married very young wives than a peasant ( who needed a grown woman with her full complement of skills ) and that these women endured their first pregnancies at the ages of 14 and 15 , we can see at once that marriage to a nobleman was a high - risk business .
Rumours ossify into legends .
In some versions of the tale , as in the tale of Conomor the Accursed , the Bluebeard figure kills his wives when they become pregnant .
There are thousands of learned discussions of fairy tales but very few that approach them from the old wives ' perspective , with the result that the obvious goes unnoticed .
The theme of the father who wants to marry his daughter , for example , can be seen both as a coded version of the daughter 's desire for the father and of her anxiety about possible abuse by her father .
The fatal mother – aka the witch , aka the ogress – is an aspect of motherhood itself .
Fear and loathing and mother love inhabit the same body .
The nexus is nowhere more obviously or more profoundly expressed than in the paintings of Paula Rego , which return again and again to the visceral reality behind the fantastic narrative .
Rego was told stories from the time she was a child , because she was afraid of the dark .
As she explained in a recent interview , " Most of the things I do are based on Portuguese folk tales , which are not folksy .
They were jotted down at the turn of the century by anthropologists , who would go into the villages and the mountains and take down these stories , which are brutal and magical as well .
And it is those stories that I have adored and revered all my life . "
Her interlocutors can barely grasp what she is saying , because she is an old wife herself , and old wives neither explain nor moralise .
" There is nothing more violent or tender than old Portuguese tales .
This is what we must preserve .
This is the truth in us all , " she says .
Every long - gone old wife , who sat by the fire , shelling chestnuts for the littl 'uns , and spinning her tale through the long , dark winter evening , would know what Rego means .
“ the anarchists . . . do not seek to constitute , and invite the working men not to constitute , political parties in the parliaments .
Accordingly , since the foundation of the International Working Men ’s Association in 1864 - 1866 , they have endeavoured to promote their ideas directly amongst the labour organisations and to induce those unions to a direct struggle against capital , without placing their faith in parliamentary legislation . ”
Peter Kropotkin , The Encyclopaedia Britannica , 1910 [ 1 ]
Introduction
Ralph Darlington [ 2 ] tries to defend a provocative assertion in a journal dedicated to studying anarchism , namely that “ the traditional assumption . . . that syndicalism was simply an outgrowth of anarchism would be an over - simplification ” .
( p. 30 )
He does so by two main lines of argument .
Firstly , Darlington suggests that “ Marxism also influenced ” syndicalism “ significantly to varying degrees , ” going so far as to list it as one of its “ three core ideological elements ” ( p. 46 ) alongside anarchism and revolutionary unionism .
Secondly , he claims that “ many other countries where syndicalist movements also flourished ( for example , Britain , Ireland or America ) , anarchist influence was only of marginal consequence ” .
( p. 30 )
Both claims , I would argue , are deeply flawed .
The first is simply assertion , with no supporting evidence , and ignores not only the more obvious influence of Bakunin ’s revolutionary anarchism but also Marx and Engels explicit rejection of key syndicalist ideas when raised by libertarians in the International Working Men ’s Association ( IWMA ) .
It also stands at odds with a well - established scholarly literature that , while admitting the affinities between some forms of Marxism and syndicalism , nonetheless draws a direct and lineal linkage between anarchism and syndicalism .
[ 3 ]
The second confuses the spread of syndicalist ideas and their acceptance by Marxists with a pre-existing ideological influence .
As such , it crucially ignores the element of time .
Just because a few Marxists found syndicalism more appealing than Social Democratic orthodoxy cannot be used to retroactively make syndicalism indebted to Marx and Engels .
Anarchism and Syndicalism
The first assertion is that “ syndicalism was always an alliance between at least three core ideological elements , ” one of which was Marxism which “ influenced it significantly to varying degrees ” .
More precisely , “ a number of syndicalist movement leaders inherited some central components of the Marxist tradition ” ( with the useful qualifier of “ in however a diffuse form ” ) .
( pp. 46 -7 )
This influence was twofold .
First was “ the Marxist conception of the necessity and desirability of class struggle ( of which strikes were the primary expression ) as a means of collective resistance to capitalism that could develop the confidence , organisation and class consciousness of workers ” .
Second was “ a conception of socialism arising from the need for workers to take power themselves rather than relying on the enlightened actions of parliamentary and trade union leaders who would reform capitalism on behalf of workers ” .
( p. 47 )
As far as the first supposed contribution goes , recognising the “ necessity and desirability of class struggle ” is hardly uniquely Marxist as can be seen from Bakunin [ 4 ] repeatedly expressing that opinion .
It follows , therefore , that that characteristic of syndicalism by no means supports Darlington ’s inference and so there is no need to invoke Marxism . [ 5 ]
For Bakunin , like the rest of the revolutionary anarchist tradition , class conflict was inherent in capitalism for there was , “ between the proletariat and the bourgeoisie , an irreconcilable antagonism which results inevitably from their respective stations in life . ”
He stressed that “ war between the proletariat and the bourgeoisie is unavoidable ” and for the worker to “ become strong ” he “ must unite ” with other workers and form “ the union of all local and national workers ’ associations into a world - wide association , the great International Working - Men ’s Association ” .
Only “ through practice and collective experience ” and “ the progressive expansion and development of the economic struggle ” will the worker come “ to recognise his true enemies : the privileged classes , including the clergy , the bourgeoisie , and the nobility ; and the State , which exists only to safeguard all the privileges of those classes . ”
There was “ but a single path , that of emancipation through practical action ” which “ has only one meaning .
It means workers ’ solidarity in their struggle against the bosses .
It means trades - unions , organisation , and the federation of resistance funds . ” [ 6 ]
Thus “ unions create that conscious power without which no victory is possible ” while strikes “ create , organise , and form a workers ’ army , an army which is bound to break down the power of the bourgeoisie and the State , and lay the ground for a new world . ” [ 7 ]
Bertrand Russell stated the obvious : “ Anarchists , like Socialists , usually believe in the doctrine of class war . ” [ 8 ]
As for the second supposed contribution , the need for workers “ to take power ” themselves rather than relying on leaders , this was precisely Bakunin ’s critique of Marx .
For Bakunin , “ the new social order ” would be attained “ through the social ( and therefore anti-political ) organisation and power of the working masses of the cities and villages . ” [ 9 ]
This meant that anarchists do “ not accept , even in the process of revolutionary transition , either constituent assemblies , provisional governments or so - called revolutionary dictatorships ; because we are convinced that revolution is only sincere , honest and real in the hands of the masses , and that when it is concentrated in those of a few ruling individuals it inevitably and immediately becomes reaction . ”
Rather , the revolution “ everywhere must be created by the people , and supreme control must always belong to the people organised into a free federation of agricultural and industrial associations . . . organised from the bottom upwards by means of revolutionary delegation . ” [ 10 ]
This was because “ every state , even the pseudo - People ’s State concocted by Mr. Marx , is in essence only a machine ruling the masses from above , through a privileged minority of conceited intellectuals who imagine that they know what the people need and want better than do the people themselves . ” [ 11 ]
In short , as well as “ anti-state , anti-political action , and anti-militarist ideas ” and “ the notions of federalism , decentralisation , direct action and sabotage ” ( p. 46 ) , syndicalism took from the revolutionary anarchism associated with Bakunin the “ necessity ” of class struggle and a “ conception of socialism ” based on workers ’ power organised ( to use one of Bakunin ’s favourite terms ) “ from the bottom up . ”
So to claim that class struggle and workers ’ power were the contributions of Marxism to syndicalism means ignoring a far more obvious source for these ideas – Bakunin and other revolutionary anarchists in the IWMA .
Given this , it seems odd to invoke Marxism to explain aspects of syndicalism particularly since , as I will show , Marx and Engels explicitly rejected syndicalist ideas when they were raised by those libertarians in favour of forming political parties and utilising elections .
The redundancy of invoking Marxism to explain syndicalism can also be seen from what Darlington calls syndicalism ’s “ utter primacy of the working class as the sole agency of revolution that could liberate the whole of society ” .
( p. 47 ) Bakunin also argued that the “ initiative in the new movement will belong to the people . . . in Western Europe , to the city and factory workers – in Russia , Poland , and most of the Slavic countries , to the peasants . ”
“ Organise the city proletariat in the name of revolutionary Socialism ” , he stressed repeatedly , and “ unite it into one preparatory organisation together with the peasantry . ” [ 12 ]
However , “ in order that the peasants rise up , it is absolutely necessary that the initiative in this revolutionary movement be taken up by the city workers . . . who combine in themselves the instincts , ideas , and conscious will of the Social Revolution . ” [ 13 ]
Then there is the issue of trade unionism .
Here Darlington does indulge in a tautology by asserting that “ arguably we can define ” syndicalism as “ revolutionary trade unionism ” ( p. 31 ) and then proclaiming that one of its “ three core ideological elements ” are “ the ideas of revolutionary trade unionism . ” [ 14 ] ( p. 46 , p. 47 )
Yet revolutionary unionism was a core aspect of Bakunin ’s ideas : “ the natural organisation of the masses . . . is organisation based on the various ways that their various types of work define their day - to - day life ; it is organisation by trade association . ”
Once “ every occupation . . . is represented within the International , its organisation , the organisation of the masses of the people will be complete . ”
Then , “ when the revolution . . . breaks out , the International will be a real force and know what it has to do , ” namely “ take the revolution into its own hands ” and replace “ this departing political world of States and bourgeoisie . ” [ 15 ]
As such , it is incredulous to suggest that when the CNT was founded in 1911 it “ combined syndicalist principles of revolutionary unionism with the more traditional Spanish anarchist principles ” .
( p. 36 ) This ignores the well - established recognition that the Spanish anarchists had traditionally organised revolutionary unions .
The Spanish section of the IWMA “ was from the beginning based upon unions ” and organised “ by local councils in each town , and national unions for each branch of production . ”
One leading Spanish anarchist noted in 1910 that only the term “ syndicalism ” was new . [ 16 ]
In Zaragoza , for example , anarchist union organising began in 1871 and when the CNT formed 40 years later that city was the “ largest centre of anarchist trade - union influence in Spain , outside Barcelona . ” [ 17 ]
As such , syndicalism ’s “ theoretical and practical links to the nineteenth century are readily apparent . ” [ 18 ]
As historian J. Romero Maura correctly summarised , for the “ Bakuninists ” in the IWMA the “ anarchist revolution , when it came , would be essentially brought about by the working class .
Revolutionaries needed to gather great strength and must beware of underestimating the strength of reaction ” and so anarchists “ logically decided that revolutionaries had better organise along the lines of labour organisations . ” [ 19 ]
In short , Darlington is incorrect to suggest that “ the core of syndicalist philosophy was not explicitly anarchist in character ” .
( p. 44 ) Comparing it with the ideas of Bakunin we discover identical theories and practice :
“ Toilers count no longer on anyone but yourselves .
Do not demoralise and paralyse your growing strength by being duped into alliances with bourgeois Radicalism . . .
Abstain from all participation in bourgeois Radicalism and organise outside of it the forces of the proletariat .
The bases of this organisation . . . are the workshops and the federation of workshops . . . instruments of struggle against the bourgeoisie , and their federation , not only national , but international . . . when the hour of revolution sounds , you will proclaim the liquidation of the State and of bourgeois society , anarchy , that is to say the true , frank people 's revolution . ” [ 20 ]
As Bertrand Russell summarised : “ Hardly any of these ideas [ associated with syndicalism ] are new : almost all are derived from the Bakunist [ sic ! ] section of the old International . ” [ 21 ]
In this he was echoing the likes of Malatesta [ 22 ] , Kropotkin [ 23 ] and Goldman [ 24 ] ( a position Rudolf Rocker repeated decades later [ 25 ] ) .
Many academics have made the same connection . [ 26 ]
If syndicalism is defined as the believe that “ unions should go beyond merely attempting to improve workers ’ terms and conditions of employment within the framework of capitalist society , to become the instrument through which workers could overthrow capitalism and establish a new society ” ( p. 48 ) then it is clear that Bakunin advocated such a theory . [ 27 ]
Sadly , Darlington does not discuss how syndicalism differs from the revolutionary unionism expounded by libertarians in the IWMA and after . <[ 28 ]
However , to claim that “ syndicalist principles of revolutionary unionism combined with anarchist notions ” ( p. 38 ) would suggest unawareness that revolutionary unionism had been advocated decades before “ syndicalism ” was used to describe these ideas . [ 29 ]
As far as Darlington ’s second argument goes , that many syndicalist movements developed in countries without a large anarchist presence , he ignores that these movements developed in response to syndicalist movements elsewhere , such as France , where there was significant anarchist influence .
Given the role of unions in revolutionary anarchist theory and practice from the 1860s onwards , the rise of these initial syndicalist movements would testify to that very influence .
The Italian syndicalists , for example , “ drew considerable inspiration from their French brethren ” [ 30 ] while “ the founders ” of the IWW “ did draw on the experience of the French syndicalists . ” [ 31 ]
In Britain , syndicalists “ drew much from the overseas syndicalist experience ” [ 32 ] ( particularly of the CGT and the IWW ) .
Over time , syndicalist ideas did spread to labour movements in countries without large anarchist movements but that cannot be used to downplay the links of syndicalism to anarchism for , as with George Sorel , [ 33 ] these self - proclaimed Marxists utilised the theories and practice of existing syndicalist organisations in countries which did have significant libertarian influence . [ 34 ]
So while not all syndicalists considered themselves anarchists , syndicalism itself originally came from revolutionary anarchism which had advocated revolutionary unionism from the start .
This was reflected both theoretically and practically , with anarchists producing revolutionary union movements in Spain , Mexico [ 35 ] , America [ 36 ] and elsewhere before the 1890s .
Ironically , Darlington himself shows this to be the case when he states that “ anarcho - syndicalism became a potent force after the Russian anarchist Bakunin had arrived ” in Italy “ in the late 1860s ” .
( p. 35 ) This admission contradicts the assertion that Marxism was one of syndicalism ’s “ three core ideological elements ” . [ 37 ]
Marx and Engels against Syndicalism
In addition to the obvious similarities in Bakunin ’s politics and syndicalism , there is the awkward fact for Darlington that while he proclaims Marxism as one of syndicalism ’s “ core ideological elements ” Marx and Engels explicitly rejected such ideas .
Marx attacked Bakunin for thinking that the “ working classes must not occupy itself with politics .
They must only organise themselves by trades - unions . ” [ 38 ]
Engels dismissed the general strike as “ the lever employed by which the social revolution is started ” in the “ Bakuninist programme ” while suggesting they admitted “ this required a well - formed organisation of the working class ” [ 39 ] ( that is , Bakunin aimed to “ organise , and when all the workers . . . are won over . . . abolish the state and replace it with the organisation of the International ” [ 40 ] ) .
Likewise , they routinely mocked the notion , popular in the libertarian wing of the organisation , that the International should both prefigure and become the future structure of a socialist society .
For Bakunin , the “ organisation of the trade sections and their representation by the Chambers of Labour . . . bear in themselves the living seeds of the new society which is to replace the old world .
They are creating not only the ideas , but also the facts of the future itself . ” [ 41 ]
For Engels , the Bakuninists told the proletariat “ to organise not in accordance with the requirements of the struggle . . . but according to the vague notions of a future society entertained by some dreamers . ” [ 42 ]
For Bakunin , the “ future social organisation must be made solely from the bottom upwards , by the free association or federation of workers , firstly in their unions , then in the communes , regions , nations and finally in a great federation , international and universal . ” [ 43 ]
For Engels the “ democratic republic ” was “ the specific form for the dictatorship of the proletariat ” [ 44 ] ( although the Paris Commune showed that “ the victorious proletariat must first refashion the old bureaucratic , administrative centralised state power before it can use it for its own purposes ” [ 45 ] ) .
If “ the essence of syndicalism was revolutionary action by unions aimed at establishing a society based upon unions ” ( p. 31 ) then this is found in Bakunin , not Marx and Engels .
Indeed , they highlighted these aspects of Bakunin ’s ideas – the centrality of union organisation and struggle ( including the general strike ) – and expressed their opposition to them .
Moreover , as well as rejecting key syndicalist ideas , Marx and Engels also advocated what many revolutionary socialists , as Darlington admits , came to consider as the “ dead - end of electoral and parliamentary politics ” .
( p. 46 ) The subsequent development of social democracy confirmed Bakunin ’s fears on using elections rather than Marx ’s hopes . [ 46 ]
So when Darlington correctly suggests that when “ many syndicalists dismissed ” political action they were “ rejecting ” electoral politics he fails to note that they adopted the same “ narrow definition of political action ” ( p. 47 ) as had Bakunin in the First International . [ 47 ]
It was precisely this “ narrow definition of political action ” which Marx and Engels inflicted upon the IWMA against the libertarians . [ 48 ]
It is true , as Darlington suggests , that many Marxists became syndicalists as “ a reaction ” against social democracy . [ 49 ] ( p. 47 ) Sadly , he fails to raise the question of why social democracy became reformist , instead stating that these were “ reformist socialist parties ” ( p. 47 ) so ignoring that , at the time , there were not – they considered themselves as revolutionary parties explicitly following the ideas of Marx and Engels on “ political action . ”
True , a substantial revisionist tendency existed within these parties and , moreover , their rhetoric was not reflected in their practice , but it should not be forgotten that they prided themselves in being revolutionary .
So if social democracy put the “ emphasis on parliamentarism at the expense of the direct action of the workers ” ( p. 47 ) it is fair to say that the focus that Marx and Engels placed on “ political action ” helped this process immensely . [ 50 ]
It is hard not to conclude that if syndicalism is marked , as Darlington suggests , by a “ rejection of political parties , elections and parliament in favour of direct action by the unions ” and a “ conception of a future society ” based on “ the economic administration of industry exercised directly by the workers themselves ” ( p. 29 ) then not only were Marx and Engels not syndicalists , they were explicitly opposed to it .
Given this , to claim that Marxism is one of syndicalism ’s “ core ideological elements ” seems rather strange .
Assessing success
Darlington argues “ revolutionary syndicalism was short - lived and ultimately unsuccessful in achieving its overall aims – particularly when compared to the architects of the Russian revolution ” .
( p. 49 )
That raises the obvious question of what counts as success .
If we look at the “ overall aims ” of “ the architects of the Russian revolution ” then this revolution was “ ultimately unsuccessful ” – unless you assume that the “ overall aims ” were to create within one year a one - party dictatorship presiding over a state capitalist economy or that this counts as a “ successful ” socialist transformation .
So while it may be correct to say that the Bolshevik Party successfully seized and held onto power this was utterly unsuccessful in creating socialism which was the whole point .
Darlington is partially correct to suggest that “ it was the seizure of state power by Russian workers under the leadership of the Bolshevik Party . . . which was to prove a decisive ideological and political challenge to the revolutionary syndicalist movement ” .
( p. 49 ) Partially , because squeezed between fascism and Bolshevism ( and then Stalinism ) syndicalism did become marginalised as the negative influence and abundant resources of the Comintern ( particularly , but not exclusively , under Stalin ) and the illusions generated by the Bolshevik Myth sidetracked revolutionary movements across the world .
The dream of socialism realised allowed far too many to blind themselves to the realities of Soviet Russia under Lenin and then Stalin . [ 51 ]
This cannot be ignored when evaluating why syndicalism did not flourish after the First World War as it had beforehand . [ 52 ]
I would suggest that Darlington ’s summary of the Russian revolution shows that the Bolshevik Myth still has its adherents .
As anarchist and syndicalist critics of Bolshevism explained , a key problem was precisely that it had been the Bolshevik Party which seized power , not the Russian workers [ 53 ] – with predictable ( and predicted , by the likes of Bakunin ) consequences . [ 54 ]
While many in the revolutionary movement did expose the failings of Bolshevism , [ 55 ] not enough believed them .
Luckily , today these are too well known in radical circles for this to be repeated .
Ultimately , the Bolshevik revolution has associated socialist ideas with their exact opposite .
It is a legacy which the socialist and labour movements have still not recovered from .
This , by any objective measure , must be considered far more “ unsuccessful ” than the syndicalist movement .
Conclusion
Instead of seeking elements of syndicalism in Marxism , I would suggest that “ the traditional assumption ” that syndicalism was “ simply an outgrowth of anarchism ” is no “ over - simplification ” .
All of Darlington ’s supposed contributions of Marxism to syndicalism can be found in Bakunin ’s ideas .
Moreover , other key elements of syndicalism identified by Darlington can also be found in Bakunin and , ironically , were denounced by Marx and Engels .
Rather than see unions and direct action as the key as Bakunin did , Marx and Engels advocated the creation of socialist political parties and use of ( bourgeois ) elections .
So strongly did they feel about this they shattered the IWMA by making those mandatory policies for it .
If syndicalism is marked , as Darlington says , by a “ rejection of political parties , elections and parliament in favour of direct action by the unions ” and a “ conception of a future society ” based on “ the economic administration of industry exercised directly by the workers themselves ” then it seems strange to seek a “ core ” ideological influence on it in the ideas of people who explicitly rejected this .
Kropotkin , therefore , was right to point to “ the closest rapport between the left - wing of the International and present - day syndicalism , the close rapport between anarchism and syndicalism and the ideological contrast between Marxism and the principles of Social Democracy and syndicalism . ” [ 56 ]
Instead of trying to squeeze Marxism into syndicalism , it would be better to ask why so many “ Marxists ” rejected the legacy of Marx and embraced positions ( revolutionary unionism , primacy of economic struggle , the general strike , unions as the structure of a socialist society , etc. ) which were expounded by Bakunin and attacked by the founders of their ideology .
Looking at what the syndicalists themselves said , the ideas of Bakunin and what Marx and Engels advocated , it quickly becomes apparently that Marxism was not one of the “ core ideological elements ” of syndicalism .
In reality , syndicalism was simply , as so many syndicalists and others stressed , a new name for the ideas raised in the IWMA and for which Bakunin was a leading advocate .
I have shown that there are very good reasons why “ [ m ] any historians have emphasised the extent to which revolutionary syndicalism was indebted to anarchist philosophy in general and to Bakunin in particular ” .
( p. 29 ) We need only compare Bakunin ’s politics and revolutionary syndicalism .
Marxism , in conclusion , need not be invoked to explain revolutionary syndicalism .
Bibliography
Apter , D. and Joll , J ( Eds. ) , Anarchism Today , Macmillan , London , 1971 .
Arshinov , Peter , The History of the Makhnovist Movement , Freedom Press , London , 1987 .
Avrich , Paul , Anarchist Portraits , Princeton University Press , Princeton , 1988 .
The Haymarket Tragedy , Princeton University Press , Princeton , 1984 .
The Russian Anarchists , W.W. Norton & Company , New York , 1978 .
Bakunin , Micheal , The Basic Bakunin , Robert M. Cutler ( trans . and ed. ) , Promethus Books , Buffalo , N.Y. , 1994 .
Bakunin on Anarchism , 2nd Edition , Sam Dolgoff ( ed. ) , Black Rose Books , Montreal , 1980 .
The Political Philosophy of Bakunin , G.P. Maximov ( ed. ) , The Free Press , New York , 1953 .
Michael Bakunin : Selected Writings , Arthur Lehning ( ed. ) , Jonathan Cape , London , 1973 .
Berkman , Alexander , The Bolshevik Myth , Pluto Press , London , 1989 .
Cahm , C. , Kropotkin and the Rise of Revolutionary Anarchism 1872 - 1886 , Cambridge University Press , Cambridge , 1989 .
Esenwein , George Richard , Anarchist Ideology and the Working Class Movement in Spain , 1868 - 1898 , University of California Press , Berkeley , 1989 .
Glassgold , Peter ( ed. ) , Anarchy !
An Anthology of Emma Goldman 's Mother Earth , Counterpoint , Washington D.C. , 2001 .
Goldman , Emma , Red Emma Speaks : An Emma Goldman Reader , 3rd Edition , Alix Kates Shulman ( ed. ) , Humanity Books , New York , 1998 .
My Disillusionment in Russia , Thomas Y. Crowell Company , New York , 1970 .
Hart , John M. , Anarchism and the Mexican Working Class , 1860 - 1931 , University of Texas Press , Austin , 1987 .
Holton , Bob , British Syndicalism : 1900 - 1914 : Myths and Realities , Pluto Press , London , 1976 .
Kaplan , Temma , Anarchists of Andalusia : 1868-1903 , Princeton University Press , Princeton , N.J. , 1965 .
Kautsky , Karl ,
The road to power : political reflections on growing into the revolution , Humanities Press , Atlantic Highlands , 1996 .
Kelsey , Graham A. , Anarchosyndicalism , libertarian communism and the state : the CNT in Zaragoza and Aragon 1930 - 1937 , International Institute of Social History , Dordrecht , London , 1991 .
Kenafick , K.J. , Michael Bakunin and Karl Marx , Melbourne , 1948 .
Kropotkin , Peter , Anarchism : A Collection of Revolutionary Writings , Roger N. Baldwin ( ed. ) , Dover Press , New York , 2002 .
Act for Yourselves : articles from Freedom 1886 - 1907 , N. Walter and H. Becker ( eds ) , Freedom Press , London , 1988 .
Leval , Gaston , Collectives in the Spanish Revolution , Freedom Press , London , 1975 .
Marx , Karl and Engels , Frederick ,
The socialist revolution , F. Teplov and V. Davydov ( eds . )
Progess , Moscow , 1978 .
McKay , Iain , An Anarchist FAQ , volume 1 , AK Press , Edinburgh / Oakland , 2008 .
An Anarchist FAQ , volume 2 , AK Press , Edinburgh / Oakland , forthcoming .
Nettlau , Max , A Short History of Anarchism , Freedom Press , London , 1996 .
Parsons , Albert R. ( ed. ) , Anarchism : Its Philosophy and Scientific Basis , University Press of the Pacific , Honolulu , 2003 .
Pernicone , Nunzio , Italian Anarchism : 1864-1892 , Princeton University Press , Princeton , 1993 .
Quail , John , The Slow Burning Fuse : The Lost History of the British Anarchists , Granada Publishing Ltd. , London , 1978 .
Rocker , Rudolf , Anarcho - Syndicalism : Theory and Practice , AK Press , Edinburgh / Oakland , 2004 .
Salerno , Salvatore , Red November , Black November : Culture and Community in the Industrial Workers of the World , State University Press of New York , Albany , 1989 .
Schmidt , Michael and Walt , Lucien van der , Black Flame : The Revolutionary Class Politics of Anarchism and Syndicalism , AK Press , Edinburgh / Oakland , 2009 .
Sorel , Georges , Reflections on Violence , Cambridge University Press , Cambridge , 1999 .
Thompson , E.P. , The Making of the English Working Class , Penguin Books , London , 1991 .
Thorpe , Wayne , " The Workers Themselves " : Revolutionary Syndicalism and International Labour , 1913 - 1923 , Kluwer Academic Publishers , Dordrecht , 1989 .
Woodcock , George ( ed. ) , The Anarchist Reader , Fontana , Glasgow , 1987 .
End Notes
[ 1 ] Anarchism , p. 287
[ 2 ] “ Syndicalism and the Influence of Anarchism in France , Italy and Spain ” , pp. 29 - 54 , Anarchist Studies , vol .
17 , No . 2
[ 3 ]
This extensive literature is ably summarised by Michael Schmidt and Lucien van der Walt in Black Flame .
See Chapter 5 ( “ Anarchists , Syndicalists , the IWW and Labour ” ) in particular .
[ 4 ]
While concentrating on Bakunin and his ideas I must stress that I am not suggesting that he invented syndicalism .
Rather I am using him as a convenient source for ideas already germinating within the libertarian wing of the IWMA , ideas he championed and deepened .
As such , Bakunin is used as a handy spokesperson for a wider anarchist movement which shared similar ideas on theory and practice .
Moreover while syndicalist ideas have developed independently both before and after Bakunin , the ideas he expressed after 1865 and the movement he was part of both had a direct influence in the rise of syndicalism as a named revolutionary theory and movement when it developed in the 1890s .
This focus on Bakunin also seems appropriate as the syndicalists “ viewed themselves as the descendants of the federalist wing of the First International , personified above else by Mikhail Bakunin . ”
( Wayne Thorpe , “ The Workers Themselves ” , pp. xiii-xiv )
[ 5 ]
It would be churlish , but essential , to note that “ the necessity and desirability of class struggle ” had been discovered long before Marx was born .
Similarly , while Bakunin advocated a syndicalist strategy in the 1860s he independently discovered a strategy pursued by British workers in the 1830s .
“ When Marx was still in his teens , ” E.P . Thompson noted , British trade unionists had “ developed , stage by stage , a theory of syndicalism . ”
This vision was lost “ in the terrible defeats of 1834 and 1835 . ”
( The Making of the English Working Class , p. 912 , p. 913 )
[ 6 ]
The Basic Bakunin , pp. 97 - 8 , p. 103
[ 7 ]
The Political Philosophy of Bakunin , p. 379 , pp. 384-5
[ 8 ] Roads to Freedom , p. 38
[ 9 ]
The Political Philosophy of Bakunin , p. 300
[ 10 ] Michael Bakunin : Selected Writings , p. 237 , p. 172
[ 11 ] Bakunin on Anarchism , p. 338
[ 12 ] The Political Philosophy of Bakunin , p. 378
[ 13 ]
The Political Philosophy of Bakunin , p. 375 .
Alvin W. Gouldner usefully discusses the “ popular stereotype ” associated with Bakunin ’s ideas on social class and revolution , noting it is “ more distorted by its decisive omissions than in what it says . ”
( “ Marx ’s Last Battle : Bakunin and the First International ” , pp. 853-884 , Theory and Society , Vol. 11 , No. 6 , p. 869 )
[ 14 ]
Given that Darlington does not actually define what “ revolutionary unionism ” is , it makes it difficult to determine whether he thinks it does , or does not , differ from syndicalism .
[ 15 ]
The Basic Bakunin , p. 139 , p. 110
[ 16 ] Temma Kaplan , Anarchists of Andalusia : 1868 -1903 , p. 82
[ 17 ] Graham A. Kelsey , Anarchosyndicalism , libertarian communism and the state , pp. 13-4
[ 18 ] George R. Esenwein , Anarchist Ideology and the Working Class Movement in Spain , 1868 - 1898 , p. 208
[ 19 ] “ The Spanish case , ” pp. 60 - 83 , Anarchism Today , D. Apter and J. Joll ( eds. ) , p. 66
[ 20 ] quoted by K.J. Kenafick , Michael Bakunin and Karl Marx , pp. 120-1
[ 21 ]
Moreover , this was “ often recognised by Syndicalists themselves . ” ( Russell , p. 52 ) .
David Berry also notes that “ anarchist syndicalist were keen to establish a lineage with Bakunin . . . the anarchist syndicalism of the turn of the century was a revival of a tactic ” associated with “ the Bakuninist International . ”
( A History of the French Anarchist Movement , 1917 - 1945 , p. 17 )
The syndicalists , notes Wayne Thorpe , “ identified the First International with its federalist wing . . . [ r ] epresented . . . initially by the Proudhonists and later and more influentially by the Bakuninists . ” ( p. 2 )
[ 22 ] “ I have . . . never ceased to urge the comrades into that direction which the syndicalists , forgetting the past , call new , even though it was already glimpsed and followed , in the International , by the first of the anarchists . ” ( George Woodcock ( ed. ) , The Anarchist Reader , p. 221 ) Space preludes a discussion of what I consider Darlington ’s misreading of Malatesta ’s critique of syndicalism .
[ 23 ]
“ Revolutionary Anarchist Communist propaganda within the Labour Unions , ” Kropotkin explained , “ had always been a favourite mode of action in the Federalist or ‘ Bakuninist ’ section of the International Working Men ’s Association .
In Spain and in Italy it had been especially successful .
Now it was resorted to , with evident success , in France and Freedom eagerly advocated this sort of propaganda . ”
( Act For Yourselves , pp. 119-20 )
He repeatedly stressed that “ the current opinions of the French syndicalists are organically linked with the early ideas of the left wing of the International ” ( quoted by Max Nettlau , A Short History of Anarchism p. 279 ) I must note that Kropotkin ’s position was not suggested in response to the rise of syndicalism .
In 1881 , for example , he was arguing that the French libertarians follow the example of their Spanish comrades who had remained faithful to “ the Anarchist traditions of the International ” and “ bring this energy to workers ’ organisations . ”
His “ advice to the French workers ” was “ to take up again . . . the tradition of the International ” ( quoted by Gaston Leval , Collectives in the Spanish Revolution , p. 31 )
[ 24 ]
In the IWMA “ Bakunin and the Latin workers ” forged ahead “ along industrial and Syndicalist lines ” and “ Syndicalism is , in essence , the economic expression of Anarchism . ” ( Red Emma Speaks , p. 89 , p. 91 )
Her comrade Max Baginski argued that it was Bakunin ’s “ militant spirit that breathes now in the best expressions of the Syndicalist and I.
W.W. movements ” and these expressed “ a strong world wide revival of the ideas for which Bakunin laboured throughout his life . ”
( Peter Glassgold ( ed. ) , Anarchy !
An Anthology of Emma Goldman 's Mother Earth , p. 71 )
[ 25 ]
“ Modern Anarcho - Syndicalism is a direct continuation of those social aspirations which took shape in the bosom of the First International and which were best understood and most strongly held by the libertarian wing of the great workers ’ alliance . ”
( Anarcho - Syndicalism , p. 54 )
[ 26 ]
For example : Syndicalism “ can be traced to Bakunin ’s revolutionary collectivism . ” ( Esenwein , p. 209 ) ; “ Bakunin , perhaps even more than Proudhon , was a prophet of revolutionary syndicalism . ”
( Paul Avrich , Anarchist Portraits , pp. 14-15 ) ; The “ basic syndicalist ideas of Bakunin ” meant he “ argued that trade union organisation and activity in the International were important in the building of working - class power in the struggle against capital . . .
He also declared that trade union based organisation of the International would not only guide the revolution but also provide the basis for the organisation of the society of the future . ”
For Kropotkin syndicalism “ represented a revival of the great movement of the Anti-authoritarian International . ” ( Caroline Cahm , Kropotkin and the Rise of Revolutionary Anarchism , p. 219 , p. 215 , p. 268 ) ; “ many anarchists , including Bakunin , had long recognised the revolutionary potential of syndicalism . ”
( Nunzio Pernicone , Italian Anarchism : 1864–1892 , p. 117 )
[ 27 ]
Kropotkin also argued that unions were both “ natural organs for the direct struggle with capitalism and for the composition of the future order . ” ( quoted by Paul Avrich , The Russian Anarchists , p. 81 )
[ 28 ]
Particularly , as Kropotkin notes , “ [ w ] ithin these federations [ of the IMWA ] developed . . . what may be described as modern anarchism . ”
( Anarchism , p. 294 )
[ 29 ]
This even applies of the red-and - black flag usually associated with anarcho - syndicalism but which was first used by anarchists in the IWMA in the 1870s ( see “ The Symbols of Anarchy ” in my An Anarchist FAQ , volume 1 ) .
For example , by the end of the 1870s “ the historic red- and - black flag of anarchism ” had “ became the official symbol of the Mexican labour movement ” ( John M. Hart , Anarchism and the Mexican Working Class , 1860 - 1931 , p. 48 )
[ 30 ]
Thorpe , p. 36
[ 31 ] Salvatore Salerno , Red November , Black November , p. 94 .
Salerno has a useful chapter discussing the influence of the CGT on the IWW .
[ 32 ] Bob Holton , British Syndicalism : 1910 - 1914 , p. 50 .
Anarchist historian John Quail notes that British anarchists while relatively few in number “ did provide the means by whereby the ideas of the French revolutionary Syndicalists could reach a wider audience . ”
( The Slow Burning Fuse , p. 236 )
[ 33 ]
Unlike many commentators who proclaim Sorel as the father of syndicalism , he himself stated that historians “ will one day see in this entry of the anarchists into the syndicats one of the greatest events that has been produced in our time . ”
( Reflections on Violence , p. 35 )
[ 34 ]
This raises the interesting question of , regardless of their self - proclaimed Marxism , how far these individuals can be considered as Marxists given that both Marx and Engels explicitly rejected the syndicalist ideas raised by the libertarian wing of the IWMA .
Schmidt and van der
Walt suggest that such Marxists are better considered anarchists due to their embrace of positions advocated by Bakunin and rejected by Marx and Engels .
Space precludes discussion of this issue beyond stating that “ Marxist ” becomes so elastic to be meaningless if it embraces those who politics are close , if not identical , to Bakunin’s .
[ 35 ]
By the late 1870s the anarchists had become “ strongest force in Mexican labour ” and the Congreso Nacional de Obreros Mexcano was “ affiliated with the Jura - based anarchist international . ”
( Hart , p. 59 , p. 27 )
[ 36 ]
The anarchist dominated International Working People ’s Association ( IWPA ) “ anticipated by some twenty years the doctrine of anarcho - syndicalism . ”
The IWPA ’s legacy influenced the IWW , whose “ principles of industrial unionism resulted from the conscious efforts of anarchists . . . who continued to affirm . . . the principles which the Chicago anarchists gave their lives defending . ” ( Salvatore Salerno , Red November , Black November , p. 51 , p. 79 ) As Paul Avrich reports , the Chicago anarchists ’ ideas allow them to “ penetrate deeply into the labour movement and attract a large working class following . ”
He also agrees they “ anticipated by some twenty years ” anarcho - syndicalism although he adds that these ideas had “ originated ” in the 1860s and 1870s when “ the followers of Proudhon and Bakunin in the First International were proposing the formation of workers ’ councils designed both as a weapon of class struggle against capitalists and as the structural basis of the future libertarian society . ”
( The Haymarket Tragedy , p. 73 )
[ 37 ]
Added to this must be the opinion of leading Marxists at the time .
Karl Kautsky considered syndicalism as “ the most recent variety of anarchism ” and noted “ its anarchist ancestry ” ( The Road to Power , 41 , p. 67 ) while Lenin , referring to Germany in the 1880s and 1890s , wrote of “ the growth of anarcho - syndicalism , or anarchism , as it was then called ” .
( Collected Works , vol. 16 , p. 351 )
[ 38 ] Marx , Collected Works , vol. 43 , p. 490
[ 39 ]
Engels , Collected Works , vol. 23 , pp. 584 - 5 .
In section H.3.5 of An Anarchist FAQ ( volume 2 ) I compare what Engels wrote about the “ Bakuninist ” general strike and what the “ Bakuninists ” themselves actually advocated .
[ 40 ] Engels , Collected Works , vol. 44 , p. 305
[ 41 ] Bakunin on Anarchism , p. 255 .
Compare this to the syndicalist CGT ’s 1906 Charter of Amiens which declared “ the trade union today is an organisation of resistance ” but “ in the future [ it will ] be the organisation of production and distribution , the basis of social reorganisation . ” ( quoted by Thorpe , p. 201 )
[ 42 ]
Engels , Collected Works , vol. 23 , p. 66
[ 43 ] Michael Bakunin : Selected Writings , p. 206
[ 44 ]
Engels , Collected Works , vol. 27 , p. 227 .
Engels re-iterated this elsewhere : “ With respect to the proletariat the republic differs from the monarchy only in that it is the ready - for - use form for the future rule of the proletariat . ”
( Marx and Engels , The Socialist Revolution , p. 296 )
[ 45 ]
Engels , Collected Works , vol. 47 , p. 74 .
I explore the issue of the Paris Commune and its relationship with anarchism and Marxism in “ The Paris Commune , Marxism and Anarchism ” ( Anarcho - Syndicalist Review , no . 50 )
[ 46 ]
Bakunin argued that when “ common workers ” are sent “ to Legislative Assemblies ” the result is that the “ worker - deputies , transplanted into a bourgeois environment , into an atmosphere of purely bourgeois ideas , will in fact cease to be workers and , becoming Statesmen , they will become bourgeois . . .
For men do not make their situations ; on the contrary , men are made by them . ”
( The Basic Bakunin , p. 108 )
[ 47 ]
“ The International does not reject politics of a general kind ; it will be compelled to intervene in politics so long as it is forced to struggle against the bourgeoisie .
It rejects only bourgeois politics . ”
( The Political Philosophy of Bakunin , p. 313 )
[ 48 ]
I explore Marx and Engels arguments on “ political action ” and how universal suffrage gave the working class political power in section H.3.10 of An Anarchist FAQ ( volume 2 ) .
[ 49 ]
The first case of this would be in the American socialist movement in the 1880s with many embracing of anarchism and forming the IWPA in reaction to experiences of using “ political action . ”
Compare Bakunin ’s ideas to Lucy Parsons : “ we hold that the granges , trade - unions , Knights of Labour assemblies , etc. , are the embryonic groups of the ideal anarchistic society ” ( Albert R. Parsons ( ed. ) , Anarchism : Its Philosophy and Scientific Basis , p. 110 )
[ 50 ]
For Marx , universal suffrage was “ the equivalent of political power for the working class ” and its “ inevitable result ” would be “ the political supremacy of the working class . ”
( Collected Works , vol. 11 , pp. 335-6 )
In countries “ like America , England . . . the workers may achieve their aims by peaceful means . ”
( Marx , vol. 23 , p. 255 ) Engels expanded on this , arguing that in Britain , “ democracy means the dominion of the working class ” and so workers should “ use the power already in their hands , the actual majority they possess . . . to send to Parliament men of their own order . ”
The worker “ struggles for political power , for direct representation of his class in the legislature ” for in “ every struggle of class against class , the next end fought for is political power ; the ruling class defends its political supremacy , that is to say its safe majority in the Legislature ; the inferior class fights for , first a share , then the whole of that power . ” ( vol. 24 , p. 405 , p. 386 )
In America , the workers must form a political party with “ the conquest of the Capitol and the White House for its goal . ” ( vol. 26 , p. 435 )
[ 51 ]
Ex-syndicalists like William Gallacher and William Foster remained Stalinists to the end , happily denying its dictatorial nature while denouncing those who recognised that something had gone seriously wrong .
[ 52 ]
Or , for that matter , why Trotskyist and neo -Trotskyist parties remained so small and insignificant in spite of the obvious failings of Stalinist Russia .
[ 53 ]
Lenin was quite clear on this arguing in 1917 that the “ Bolsheviks must assume power . ”
The Bolsheviks “ can and must take state power into their own hands . ”
He raised the question of “ will the Bolsheviks dare take over full state power alone ? ” and answered it : “ I have already had occasion . . . to answer this question in the affirmative . ”
Moreover , “ a political party . . . would have no right to exist , would be unworthy of the name of party . . . if it refused to take power when opportunity offers . ”
( Op. Cit. , vol. 26 , p. 19 , p. 90 )
The problems of equating Bolshevik power with working class power soon became apparent when the party lost popular support .
[ 54 ]
Space precludes any discussion of the interplay of subjective ( e.g. , Bolshevik ideology ) and objective factors ( e.g. , civil war , economic collapse , etc. ) here .
Suffice to say , supporters of Leninism minimise the former and maximise the latter and so , I would argue , present a distorted picture of what caused the degeneration of the Russian Revolution .
I explore these issues in section H.6 of An Anarchist FAQ .
[ 55 ]
For example : Emma Goldman ’s My Disillusionment in Russia , Alexander Berkman ’s The Bolshevik Myth and Peter Arshinov ’s The History of the Makhnovist Movement .
The eye - witness reports by syndicalist militants like Angel Pestaña , Augustin Souchy and Armando Borghi to their unions also ensured that many libertarian unionists rejected Leninism .
[ 56 ] quoted by Nettlau , pp. 279-80
Today is the grand opening of the Microsoft Store in Fashion Valley Mall in San Diego , California .
The San Diego store marks Microsoft 's fourth foray into the retail space and opens later this morning at 10 a.m. PST .
The Microsoft Store is just yards away from the Apple Store , which means it 's competing for attention with the massively long line of people hoping to get their hands on the new iPhone 4 .
The grand opening event has been heavily promoted on local radio stations and will feature a performance by Demi Lovato this coming Saturday , June 26 .
In an effort to draw a crowd , Microsoft is giving away tickets to a meet and greet with Demi Lovato to the first 100 people in line today .
The first 1,000 people get " VIP treatment " for Saturday 's show .
In addition , professional skateboarder Rob Dyrdek is signing autographs with his Street League cohorts at the store today .
Microsoft
Store employees are also raffling off electronic devices like the Microsoft Zune , the new Flip camera , miscellaneous laptops and gadgets , and giving away gift cards .
I stopped by prior to the store opening to take photos and videos of the crowd , as well as capture the Apple versus Microsoft commotion .
While Apple 's line far surpasses that of Microsoft's , there 's definitely a sizable showing at the Microsoft Store .
It does n't hurt that Microsoft employees are using megaphones to drown out the noise from a few doors down .
In the video below I spoke with Nicole Barnhart who — despite gushing over my iPhone 4 — has been in the Microsoft Store line since 12:00 a.m. PST .
She tells me that she was approximately the 50th person in line and that the majority of the crowd is waiting to get their hands on the Demi Lovato tickets .
Gallery
Microsoft Store Opening at Fashion Valley Mall - San Diego
Video
June 24 , 2010
Warriors Select Ekpe Udoh In 2010 NBA Draft
Baylor Forward Was Named To Honorable Mention All - America & Big 12 All Defensive Teams Last Season
The Golden State Warriors selected Ekpe Udoh ( ehp - PAY you - doe ) , a forward from Baylor , in this evening ’s NBA Draft .
The league ’s annual selection process took place in the WaMu Theatre at Madison Square Garden in New York , NY , with the Warriors basketball operations staff – led by General Manager Larry Riley – operating from the team ’s draft headquarters in downtown Oakland .
“ We are very happy to add Ekpe Udoh to our team , ” Riley said .
“ Ekpe is a complete player and it ’s nice to add someone that has more than just one skill .
We think he is going to fit - in quite nicely with our team on both ends of the floor . ”
Udoh , an early entry candidate for the 2010 NBA Draft after playing three collegiate seasons ( two at Michigan , one at Baylor ) , was an honorable mention All - America selection by the Associated Press last season , as well as a member of the Big 12 All - Defensive Team as selected by the conference ’s coaches .
A 6’10 ’’ forward , Udoh appeared in 36 games for Baylor last season , averaging 13.9 points , 9.8 rebounds , 2.7 assists and 3.69 blocks per contest , while shooting 49.0 % ( 191-390 FG ) from the field to earn All - Big 12 Second Team honors .
During his junior campaign , Udoh scored in double - figures 26 times , including six games with 20 - or - more points , and recorded 10 - or - more rebounds 20 times while posting 16 double - doubles .
Owning a 7’4.5 ’’ wingspan , the 23 - year - old blocked three - or - more shots 21 times and had five - or - more blocks 13 times .
Udoh also posted a triple - double against Morgan State with 18 points , 17 rebounds and a career - high 10 blocks .
A native of Edmond , OK , Udoh played his first two collegiate seasons at the University of Michigan before transferring to Baylor .
While with the Wolverines , he appeared in 67 games , averaging 5.5 points , 4.5 rebounds and 2.34 blocks per game .
VISIT WARRIORS DRAFT CENTRAL
Class Struggles
Divine Mind
Introduced in Complete Psionic , the divine mind is the psionic equivalent of a paladin .
They focus on melee combat for the sake of their deity , while receiving a small number of psionic powers based around the aspects of their deity that they choose to exemplify .
Divine minds also learn to project a series of auras that they can use to power the allies around them , providing them with many different abilities and bonuses .
While divine minds might act like paladins , or some other kind of holy warrior , they are more rooted in teamwork .
The more allies they have around them working together , the better the divine mind 's contribution to the party .
Divine Mind Strengths
Access to low and mid level psionic powers .
Access to several psychic auras .
Access to a number of psionic mantles .
High Fortitude and Will saving throws .
High number of hit points .
Divine Mind Weaknesses
Low Reflex saving throws .
Selection of psionic powers is extremely limited .
No access to high - level powers .
Manifester level is four lower than class level .
Playing a Divine Mind
While you play a divine mind , keep one thought paramount in your mind : keep close to your allies .
Especially at early levels , the divine mind 's aura is painfully small , and he will only be able to affect a few party members at a time , unless they are close together .
At later levels , as the aura expands , the divine mind can afford to become more tactical and spread out , allowing for both maneuverability and effectiveness .
Divine minds have access to heavy armor and martial weapons , so they should be equipped as much as possible .
A well - protected divine mind is a living divine mind .
Since they do n't have access to many psionic powers , they will need to pick ones that can be effective in several situations .
Luckily , the mantles the divine mind will have access to can provide the gamut : from offense to defense to healing and everything in between .
Divine minds will need a minimum Wisdom score of 16 to take advantage of their meager psionic abilities .
A high Charisma score can help improve all their saving throws .
Strength and Constitution are important because of the class 's reliance on melee combat , although a ranged divine mind focusing on defense and ranged weapons is possible given a higher Dexterity score .
Race Suggestions
Humans , like with many other classes , are very prevalent within the ranks of the divine minds .
Their diverse cultures and beliefs mean that they can easily be found in the worship of several different deities , meaning that human divine minds can be just as varied from one another .
Elans ( from the Expanded Psionics Handbook ) make an interesting choice for a divine mind .
Their racial abilities can help shield them from harm , making them excellent defensive - based characters .
Although their protective racial powers cost power points , divine minds benefit from the added diversity they provide .
Half - Giants ( also from the Expanded Psionics Handbook ) make for very good divine minds .
Their innate physical prowess and ability to use larger weapons make them extremely proficient in melee combat .
They 're racial stomp ability also provides the character with a little extra ' oomph ' , especially in those early levels where they lack it .
Thri -kreen ( yet again from the Expanded Psionics Handbook ) , although possessing a fairly high level adjustment , can use their large number of psi-like abilities , exoskeletal armor , higher Wisdom and natural weapons to their advantage as divine minds .
They make a great combination , but can never gain some of the more powerful class features unless they become epic - level characters .
Aasimars ( from the Planar Handbook ) have a lower level adjustment than thri -kreen , but possess high Wisdom and high Charisma , meaning that they will have higher saving throws and more powerful psionic abilities as divine minds .
Their ability to produce daylight is less helpful , but can be combined with the Light and Darkness aura to help dispel more powerful darkness magic than before .
Dwarves at first glance do n't appear to make good divine minds , but their weapon familiarity and ability to move in heavy armor without being slowed make them excellent tactical characters .
Dwarven divine minds also make fine defensive characters , for the exact same reason .
Feat Suggestions
Divine minds have several different avenues of feats that can benefit them greatly .
Offense , defense , psionics and auras can all be enhanced to provide the character with some truly unique and powerful options .
Offense
Divine minds , like many melee characters , can easily focus on offense .
Feats like weapons focus and improved critical can improve the character 's prowess with weaponry .
The power attack , and combat expertise feats and their related feats ( such as spring attack , or improved trip ) are also beneficial and provide several new avenues in combat .
Drawing from the Expanded Psionics Handbook can provide even more options .
Psionic weapon and greater psionic weapon can help the character deal more damage .
Deep impact can help the character hit heavily armored foes with ease .
Aligned attack can allow the character to both bypass damage reduction and deal more damage in the bargain .
Defense
The divine mind already had the ability to protect themselves greatly , but can use some feats to help guard them even further .
Psionic body ( Expanded Psionics Handbook ) can provide the character with extra hit points , not a huge concern with this class , but still quite welcome .
Complete Psionics provides several other feats to assist in defense .
Invest armor can allow the character to boost the protection their armor provides , while energize armor can provide them with a measure of energy resistance .
Focused shield also benefits divine minds by enhancing the armor class bonus their shield provides .
Psionics
Divine minds are , frankly , poor psionicists .
They have only mid-level powers , and only learn a small handful .
Using the practiced manifester feat from Complete Psionics can provide them with the manifester level equal to that of a psion or wilder of their class level .
While this does n't give them any more power points or powers , it does make what they have more difficult to resist .
Psionic talent ( Expanded Psionics Handbook ) provides the character with a couple of extra power points , which could translate into an enhanced power or the extra manifesting of a lower - level power .
Expanded knowledge , also from the Expanded Psionics Handbook , is very useful though , in that it allows the divine mind to learn a new power , even one from outside the class 's limited number .
Mantle focus ( Complete Psionics ) provides the character with a bonus to the Difficulty Class for saving throws against powers manifested from one of their mantles .
Since the divine mind 's default powers list is restricted to mantles , this can help make their powers difficult to resist , especially combined with practiced manifester or even psionic endowment ( Expanded Psionics Handbook ) .
Auras
The ability to project auras is one of the divine mind 's most powerful abilities , and several feats are available to enhance that .
The dilate aura feat from the Fiendish Codex II allows the divine mind to double the range of one of their auras for a short period of time .
At low to mid levels , this can be extremely useful , and even at high levels can allow the divine mind to assist others at a huge range .
Complete Psionics provides several more feats .
Enhanced beneficence improves the radius of the divine mind 's aura by five feet .
Although this may not seem like much to begin with , if combined with dilate aura ( see above ) , it can allow the character to project auras up to a maximum of 110 feet .
Tap mantle would n't appear to provide the character with any benefits to their aura , as it just expands the list of psionic powers that divine minds can select from to those of a new mantle .
It is the prerequisite for don mantle , which allows the character to use the gain the granted ability of the mantle they selected with the previous feat and also for extra aura , which provides the character with the ability to project the aura associated with the same mantle .
This full combination of feats can be selected up to two times on a non-epic leveled character , allowing them full access to two more mantles and all the benefits that come with them .
The draconic aura feat ( Dragon Magic ) can provide the character with an extra aura , which would work alongside their psychic auras .
If the character has the dragonblood subtype ( such as a dragonborn or through the dragontouched feat ) , the aura 's power scales in power to your character level .
Combine it with double draconic aura for the ability to project two extra auras .
All draconic auras are useful ( except for power , which is less powerful than the attack aura the divine mind learns automatically ) , but energy shield and vigor can be especially useful .
Multiclass Suggestions
Divine minds multiclass best with classes that possess a high base attack bonus .
The higher base attack bonus means that they do n't lose the ability to dish out damage in melee combat , which they may lose by multiclassing with other mid-base attack bonus classes .
Rangers provide combat feats , some minor divine magic and an animal companion , which can benefit from the psychic aura class feature .
Although the divine grace class feature of the paladin does n't stack with the one provided by divine mind , the class does provide several abilities that mesh well thematically .
The ability to turn undead opens up many divine - based prestige classes and feats which would otherwise be closed to the divine mind , and the ability to smite evil can be combined with the power of the good mantle to deal a great deal of damage to an evil opponent .
The fighter class can provide the character with bonus feats , which can then be used to improve the character 's attack options or unlock access to special feats like weapon specialization , or melee weapon mastery ( Player 's Handbook II ) , providing the character with even more ability to connect and deal damage .
Soulborn ( Magic of Incarnum ) provides the ability to create and bind soulmelds , extra defensive capabilities and a smite attack to boot .
Since this class has the potential to create their own weapons out of the ether , a divine mind / soulborn need never worry about being unarmed for very long .
The crusader ( Tome of Battle ) provides both the ability to shrug off attacks that the character can avoid from a successful Fortitude or Will save ( which the divine mind excels in ) and the ability to make counter attacks based on damage dealt to them .
Since the divine mind is such a defensively - minded character , this can be a match made in heaven , especially with the instant clarity and psychic renewal feats ( from the same book ) allowing the character to use their psionics and martial maneuvers to work off of one another .
If you 're multiclassing to learn more auras , you have the options of the dragon shaman ( Player 's Handbook II ) , which teaches you a number of auras ( see the section on the draconic aura feat above for more information ) as well as some additional armor and a breath weapon , or the marshal ( Miniatures Handbook ) which provides both a minor and a major aura as well as the ability to grant extra actions to allies .
The dragon shaman is a great choice for an offensively minded character , while marshal helps appeal to the tactical nature of the divine mind class .
Prestige Class Suggestions
Divine minds have access to several psionic prestige classes , but do n't really mesh all that well with them .
They do best in prestige classes that emphasize combat abilities over psionics .
The storm disciple ( Complete Psionics ) , is probably the only prestige class made with the divine mind in �well , mind .
It provides an additional aura , a built - in weapon enhancement , and electricity resistance , along with a high base attack bonus and some extra manifesting levels .
It 's an excellent choice for a chaotic , storm - focused divine mind .
Divine minds can meet the requirements of the pyrokineticist ( Expanded Psionics Handbook ) fairly easily , and can gain a number of useful offensive abilities through the class .
Combine with the elements mantle and the energy aura for additional fire damage .
The cryokineticist ( Frostburn ) is another option , very similar to the pyrokineticist , although the requirements for entry are very steep .
A 12th level divine mind with the expanded knowledge feat can learn the energy emanation power required to enter this class .
As cold is a much less used element than fire ( and thus less protected against by most monsters ) , the inability to complete the prestige class may not be important .
Any chosen , inspired or kalashtar divine mind in the Eberron setting can meet the prerequisites for the fist of Dal Quor ( Secrets of Sarlona ) quite easily .
The ability to make sudden strikes and stun enemies is quite useful , although the class 's other abilities are somewhat lacking .
Charismatic divine minds may want to consider the dragon lord from Dragon Magic .
This class provides the character with a draconic aura ( see above ) along with some tactical abilities and the possibility of getting a powerful draconic cohort .
New Material
Emotions Mantle
Granted Ability :
While psionically focused , you gain a + 2 competence bonus to Autohypnosis checks .
You can expend your focus as a free action to gain a +5 bonus on a single Autohypnosis check .
Psychic Aura :
While you are psionically focused , you and allies within your aura are immune to fear effects .
1 - Attraction 1 - Primal Fear * 2 - Id Insinuation 2 - Serenity * 3 - Cerebral Phantasm * 4 - Death Urge 5 - Psychotic Break * 7 - Insanity 9 - Microcosm
Powers can be found in the Expanded Psionics Handbook .
Powers marked with an * can be found in Complete Psionic .
Divine Minds in the Dark Sun Campaign Setting
The absolute prevalence of psionics on Athas is a given .
It permeates through every aspect of daily life , no matter how mundane .
Every man , woman , child and creature seems to possess even a modicum of psionic power .
Athas has no true gods left .
Instead , elemental powers and the dragon kings control all the divine energy available , meting it out to their worshippers in exchange for worship and obedience .
It 's no wonder that some worshippers instead choose to channel psionic energy instead of divine .
These divine minds are no less fervent in their worship than clerics , they 've simply chosen a separate path to power , one which they believe to be more pure than the alternative .
Divine minds who choose to worship the elemental powers , throw themselves to the mercy of the elements .
If they happen to survive their ordeal ( which may be throwing themselves off a cliff , setting themselves on fire , walking into the middle of a sandstorm or any number of other suicidal actions ) , they come to an epiphany concerning the world around them and begin to develop psychic abilities granted by their elemental patrons .
Other divine minds worship the dragon - kings and are treated as templars in most cities .
The result of centuries of experimentation , these worshippers are granted their psionic insights through servitude to their rulers .
The dragon - kings can cower , but not fully control psions like they can divine minds , a distinction that they are quick to remember .
In the Dark Sun setting , divine minds function as described in Complete Psionic .
Table 1-01 : Mantles by Deity
Deity Mantles Elemental Elements , Energy , Natural World , Pain and Suffering Andropinus ( Balic ) Conflict , Evil , Freedom , Law Atzetuk ( Draj ) Destruction , Evil , Light and Darkness , Magic Dregoth ( Raam ) Chaos , Death , Evil , Knowledge Hamanu ( Urik ) Evil , Guardian , Law , Physical Power Lalali - Puy ( Gulg ) Evil , Law , Life , Natural World Shadow King ( Nibenay ) Chaos , Conflict , Deception , Evil
Did you like this article ?
Then try :
KINSHASA , Congo
Earthquakes are more dramatic .
Tsunamis make better television .
AIDS is more visceral .
But here ’s a far more widespread challenge , one that ’s also more fixable : the unavailability of birth control in many poor countries .
I ’m on my annual win -a - trip journey across a chunk of Central Africa with a 19 - year - old university student , Mitch Smith .
He won the right to bounce over impossible roads in the region where it ’s easy to see firsthand how breakneck population growth is linked to poverty , instability and conflict .
In almost every village we stop in , we chat with families whose huts overflow with small children — whom the parents can’t always afford to educate , feed or protect from disease .
Here in Kinshasa , we met Emilie Lunda , 25 , who had nearly died during childbirth a few days earlier .
Doctors saved her life , but her baby died .
And she is still recuperating in a hospital and does n’t know how she will pay the bill .
Baden - Württemberg Schüler erpressen von Zehnjährigem 17.000 Euro
Es ist eine unglaubliche Tat von Teenagern : Mehrere Schüler sollen in Baden - Württemberg von einem Zehnjährigen mehr als 17.000 Euro erpresst haben .
Die Jugendlichen gingen offenbar nicht als Clique vor , sondern als Einzeltäter .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
06/18/2010
Matt again detaches ' Kinder ' & ' Care ' labels from gay people 's normalcy
by Jeremy Hooper
The book features every kind of family under the societally - shared sun , never demanding that the reader agree with or accept any of the faith or formations featured , only requesting that he or she acknowledge that such families exist .
And beyond that , all Matt Barber really knows is that one particular employee at one particular KinderCare location was privy to the book 's inclusion .
But never mind the details .
For Matt and his Liberty Counsel cohorts , a mere whiff of a pro-inclusion children 's book provides grounds for a ban , burn , or boycott :
( click to play )
* SOURCE : KinderCare Learning Centers Push Homosexuality to 3 & 4 - Year - [ LC ]
Childish .
***
Oh , and yes , as commenter Mike points out :
At the 5:36 mark , Matt does compare this to the teachings of Joseph Goebbels , a man who is literally responsible for the deaths of tens of thousands of Jews .
ALL .
BECAUSE .
OF .
A. CHILDREN'S. PICTURE .
BOOK !
Your thoughts
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Steven Monjeza leaves Tiwonge Chimbalanga for a woman a week after the couple were freed from jail in Malawi
They became an international cause celebre after being sentenced to 14 years in prison under Malawi 's draconian laws against homosexuality .
But today the story of Steven Monjeza and Tiwonge Chimbalanga , the first same sex couple to seek marriage in Malawi , took a further twist when it emerged that they had separated and one of the men now has a female partner .
Outrage over their convictions for gross indecency and unnatural acts last month gave way to relief when the country 's president , Bingu wa Mutharika , freed them on " humanitarian grounds " .
Their separation was called as a " tragedy " by one campaigner who blamed it on homophobic threats and abuse .
Monjeza , 26 , has begun a relationship with Dorothy Gulo , a 24 - year - old from Blantyre .
Monjeza , who faced family hostility towards his previous relationship with Chimbalanga , said he no longer wanted to be associated with homosexuality .
" I have had enough , " he said .
" I was forced into the whole drama and I regret the whole episode .
I want to live a normal life ... not a life where I would be watched by everyone , booed and teased . "
Chimbalanga , 20 , said Monjeza had found a female lover " to hurt " him .
" But I am not worried .
You cannot force love , and nobody forced him when we did our symbolic wedding in December . "
He insisted that he did not resent Monjeza 's decision .
" I will also marry because there are lots of good men around .
I will remain a gay , " he told the Guardian .
Monjeza , who lives in Kameza , a village six miles from Blantyre , has been pressurised by relatives to leave and seek a heterosexual relationship instead .
His uncle , Khuliwa Dennis Monjeza , has expressed determination to prevent the two men reuniting .
Others warned Chimbalanga not to set foot in the village , threatening that they would " deal with him " .
George Thindwa , director of a local human rights group , said he saw the split coming .
" Monjeza was always a reluctant person in this partnership , but they managed to get the waters tested and they have seen the waters are rough , " he said .
The former political prisoner , who represents the Association for Secular Humanism , said it was now up to other gay men and women – who largely keep their sexuality private for fear of stigma and imprisonment – to pick up the baton and fight for their rights .
" Malawi will never be the same on the gay issue , " he said .
" The couple have opened a can of worms . "
Others paid tribute to the men's courage .
Peter Tatchell , of the gay rights group Outrage ! , said : " It is a tragedy that homophobic threats and abuse have forced this couple apart .
They were deeply in love .
The pressure has got to Steven .
Very understandably , he wants a quiet , safe life .
This would not be possible if he remained with Tiwonge .
They would both be at risk of violent attack . "
Tatchell , who was in communication with the couple for more than four months via prison visitors he arranged , added : " Tiwonge and Steven never set out to be political , but they have done more for gay and transgender rights in Malawi than anyone else .
" I salute them .
They are lions of Africa .
They have helped continue the unfinished African liberation struggle by seeking freedom for gay , bisexual and transgender Africans . "
All but the top three candidates were eliminated in the first round of voting .
Delegates then whittled the field again — that was where Mr. Bennett lost , coming in third with about 27 percent delegate support .
A final round of voting was inconclusive .
Neither candidate captured the 60 percent required to clinch the nomination , so Mr. Lee and Mr. Bridgewater will face off in the primary .
In a brief news conference after the vote , Mr. Bennett thanked his staff , but he declined to make an endorsement in the Senate race and took no questions .
Questions of risk and reward hung over the convention .
Gov. Gary R. Herbert , a Republican regarded by many conservatives as a kind of a savior after years under Gov. Jon Huntsman Jr. — a social moderate who resigned last year to become ambassador to China — stayed on the sidelines .
Mr. Herbert is facing his first run for a full term this fall .
But Mr. Romney ’s backing of Mr. Bennett was not likely to hurt him , delegates said .
Mr. Romney , who is expected to seek the Republican presidential nomination again in 2012 , is hugely popular here , where he led the 2002 Winter Olympics and raised lots of money for his 2008 campaign .
In the nexus of politics and religion that defines Utah races , Mr. Bennett ’s résumé was never in question .
His grandfather was a president of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints and his father , Wallace F. Bennett , was a senator from 1951 to 1974 .
But some recent votes and positions — including his vote for the Toxic Asset Relief Program and support for a bipartisan health care bill — hurt him with many delegates and speech - makers , for whom a hearty bashing of “ Obamacare ” and bank bailouts were guaranteed applause lines .
One delegate who supported Mr. Bennett , Shem Liechty , an engineer , said the chorus against Mr. Bennett was so strong that he believed people were not looking closely enough at who , or what , might come next .
“ I said , ‘ Figure it out , ’ ” he said .
“ You might not want any of them . ”
An international team , including Oxford University scientists , has discovered six diverse new planets , from ' shrunken - Saturns ' to ' bloated hot Jupiters ' , as well a rare brown dwarf with 60 times the mass of Jupiter .
The CoRoT ( Convection , Rotation and Transits ) space telescope is operated by the French space agency CNES .
It discovers planets outside our solar system -- exoplanets -- when they ' transit ' , that is pass , in front of their stars .
Once CoRoT detects a transit , additional observations are made from the ground , using a number of telescopes all over the world .
Although astronomers cannot see the planets directly , they use the space - and ground - based data to measure the sizes , masses , and orbits of these new planets precisely .
This is why , among all known exoplanets , those with transits yield the most complete information about planet formation and evolution .
" Each of these planets is interesting in its own right , but what is really fascinating is how diverse they are , " said co-investigator Dr. Suzanne Aigrain from Oxford University 's Department of Physics .
" Planets are intrinsically complex objects , and we have much to learn about them yet . "
" Every discovery of an extrasolar planetary system is a new piece in the puzzle of how these systems do form and evolve .
The more systems we uncover , the better we can hope to understand the processes at play , " said Magali Deleuil , researcher at the Laboratoire d'Astrophysique de Marseille ( LAM ) and head of the CoRoT exoplanet program .
The six new planets are :
CoRoT - 8b : the smallest in this batch :
At about 70 % of the size and mass of Saturn , CoRoT - 8b is moderately small among the previously known transiting exoplanets .
Its internal structure should be similar to that of ice giants , like Uranus and Neptune , in the Solar System .
It is the smallest planet discovered by the CoRoT team so far after CoRoT - 7b , the first transiting Super - Earth .
CoRoT - 10b : the eccentric giant :
The orbit of CoRoT - 10 b is so elongated that the planet passes both very close to and very far away from its star .
The amount of radiation it receives from the star varies tenfold in intensity , and scientists estimate that its surface temperature may increase from 250 to 600 °C , all in the space of 13 Earth - days ( the length of the year on CoRoT - 10 b ) .
CoRoT - 11b : the planet whose star does the twist : CoRoT - 11 , the host star of CoRoT - 11b , rotates around its axis in 40 hours .
For comparison , the Sun 's rotation period is 26 days .
It is particularly difficult to confirm planets around rapidly rotating stars , so this detection is a significant achievement for the CoRoT team .
CoRoT - 12b , 13 b and 14b : a trio of giants :
These three planets all orbit close to their host star but have very different properties .
Although CoRoT - 13b is smaller than Jupiter , it is twice as dense .
This suggests the presence of a massive rocky core inside the planet .
With a radius 50 % large than Jupiter 's ( or 16 times larger than the Earth's ) , CoRoT - 12 b belongs to the family of `bloated hot Jupiters ' , whose anomalously large sizes are due to the intense stellar radiation they receive .
On the other hand , CoRoT - 14 b , which is even closer to its parent star , has a size similar to Jupiter 's .
It is also massive , 7.5 times the mass of Jupiter , which may explain why it is less puffed up .
Such very massive and very hot planets are rare , CoRoT - 14b is only the second one discovered so far .
CoRoT - 15b : the brown dwarf : CoRoT - 15 b's mass is about 60 times that of Jupiter .
This makes it incredibly dense , about 40 times more so than Jupiter .
For that reason , it is classified as a brown dwarf , intermediate in nature between planets and stars .
Brown dwarfs are much rarer than planets , which makes this discovery all the more exciting .
Dr. Suzanne Aigrain leads a team of UK researchers at the Universities of Oxford , Exeter and St Andrews who participate in the CoRoT exoplanet program .
Their research is supported by the Science and Technology Facilities Research Council .
I ’m sitting across the table with a woman on a luncheon outing and to be sure she ’s quite delightful .
We speak at length about our respective careers , aspirations , expectations and what passes for gossip .
For a good hour or two I listen enthralled , as the woman in question describes her blossoming career to me , the various TV offers , shows that she ’s embarking and the latest interview she gave to a high circulating tabloid .
I in turn then groan to some degree about the tribulations of being a young publisher and how I ’m always up against it , and how I ’m always having to scamper for money just to meet my immediate obligations .
Finally the bill arrives , and for a moment an awkwardness sets in .
How would the bill be paid or rather by whom ?
For some reason I am led to believe this wonderful woman who has achieved so much and is financially fit will meet me halfway in paying the bill , so I wait as I look at the check until I suddenly realize for all her success , beauty and emancipation she has no intent in even looking at the bill , let alone offer anything towards its contribution .
Glibly I await a second longer before I am resigned to the idea that the $ 70 check without tip will be borne all by myself and that for the next 3 days I will have to scamper on peanut butter sandwiches .
In the end the check and tip are honored and yet already in the back of my mind I already know outside of social run ins I will make little effort to see this woman again .
On the way home I am chagrined by the idea that in fact she only behaved in a way that she has become accustomed to .
After all a cursory look in the cultural field will show many examples of how it is correct etiquette for a man to be the financial benefactor and for the woman to be the pretty object that us men should be so happy and thrilled to be with .
And yet , I am not thrilled .
At heart I am insulted by an apparent contradiction - here is society telling us women are now financially independent , mobile and on the make and yet when it comes time to share a luncheon bill , society ’s liberated women suddenly are no longer liberated and at the mercy of the man , the caveman that is suppose to provide and eternally protect them .
It ’s obvious women have cornered a perfect situation where they can have their cake and eat the cake at the same time , an advantage very few men are offered socially in their affections towards women .
Or so it seems …
To appreciate the dynamics , one has to be aware that women in their quest to assert themselves have adopted clever guises that necessitate survival and gravitation to the stronger male suiter .
As much as I may complain about equality and hegemony not being fairly dealt with in society I am also am aware that it is a secret that all women are in on .
Of course they know that it ’s politically correct to share various burdens but since our culture has equated a woman to be an object to be had , physically admired she will often play into that myth and yet she will often be the first to cry out about it when she no longer finds herself able to fit into that myth - in which case she will suddenly find the strength to share the burden .
BOULDER — A 20 - year - old man was arrested Thursday morning after police said he shoplifted from King Soopers , ran from authorities , jumped into Boulder Creek to evade capture , then called for his pursuers ’ help when he realized the creek was too dangerous .
According to Boulder police , security personnel at the 1650 30th St. King Soopers saw Ronald Foster put two packs of Coricidin — advertised as a powerful cold medication for people with high blood pressure — in his pocket about 10:45 a.m. Thursday .
When confronted , Foster ran from the store and headed west toward 29th Street , according to police .
At 15th Street and Canyon Boulevard , Foster allegedly kicked the unmarked vehicle of a Boulder police detective then kept running , according to police .
When he reached Central Park , he jumped into Boulder Creek and immediately began calling for help , police reported .
Officers pulled him from the rushing waters and arrested him on suspicion of theft and disorderly conduct .
He remains in custody at the Boulder County Jail and is due in court for his first appearance at 2 p.m .
Get more Boulder County news at DailyCamera.com .
HTC , the maker of Google ’s Nexus
One smartphone , plans to switch the phone ’s display from AM - OLED to LCD because of a supply shortage of the component , according to KT , a Korean mobile carrier which plans to sell the device next month here .
HTC , a Taiwanese smartphone maker , also looks to replace the AM - OLED displays of the Desire and the Incredible smart phones because of supply issues regarding the parts produced by Samsung Mobile Display , a local report said .
“ Google Nexus One , which will be produced after July will be equipped with SCLD ( Super TFT LCD ) and sold worldwide , ” KT said in a consumer notice on its website on Wednesday .
It said the new display was produced by Sony .
KT said the change came as Google and HTC have decided to alter the production standard of Nexus One , but did not elaborate further .
Samsung , the world ’s No. 2 handset maker , is to blame for the tight supply of AM - OLED displays , analysts said .
The Korean company is aggressively pushing for sales of its smartphone Galaxy S equipped with AM - OLED displays , gobbling up the component supply .
Samsung Mobile Display , a joint venture of Samsung Electronics and Samsung SDI , controls 98 percent of the global AM - OLED display market .
He expected sales of the Galaxy S to reach around 10 - 15 million units in the latter half of this year .
Samsung Mobile Display has an annual production capacity of 35 million units .
“ Our AM - OLED display production lines are running at full capacity , ” a Samsung Mobile Display spokesperson said .
To cope with surging demand , Samsung looks to increase its monthly output capacity by 10 - fold to 30 million units ( for 3 - inch mobile AM - OLED displays ) in July 2011 when its so - called 5.5 generation line is completed , with an investment of 2.5 trillion won .
Samsung Mobile Display on Tuesday held a ground - breaking ceremony for the new line in Tangjeong , South Chungcheong Province .
The display shortage has forced KT to delay the launch of the Nexus One in Korea from late June to the end of July , setting back its bid to keep its smartphone momentum ahead of the iPhone 4 launch in July .
In a preemptive move , its key rival SK Telecom has launched sales of HTC ’s Desire , which is called the twin of Nexus One , and plans to introduce the Galaxy S this Friday .
SK Telecom is allying with Samsung Electronics , HTC and other handset makers to fight back against KT , which has taken the lead in the local smartphone market with its exclusive sales of the iPhone .
The change of the Nexus One display could spark consumer complaints over “ downgrading ” of the specification of the product .
An AM - OLED display -- active matrix organic light emitting diode display -- features a thinner screen with clearer images and consumes less power than its LCD equivalent .
In a bid to calm possible consumer woes , KT claimed in the notice that SLCD consumes less power and offers higher resolution than AM - OLED display , although it has a lower contrast ratio .
“ S- LCD is a new display technology which has merits in power efficiency , web - surfing and text readability , ” KT said in the notice .
“ AMOLED and SLCD are different technological methods which have their respective strengths and weakness , ” KT said .
HTC CEO Peter Chou did not respond to an e-mail by The Korea Herald on the display change .
A spokesperson for HTC Korea was also not available for comment .
Meanwhile , Apple ’s upcoming 4G iPhone is suffering a shortage of its “ Retina display ” because of the low yield for the high - resolution display produced by LG Display , an analyst claimed Friday .
“ Our supply chain checks indicate that our earlier monthly shipment estimate of 4 million units have been reset by about half , according to Ashok Kumar , an analyst at Rodman & Renshaw Inc .
An LG Display spokesperson declined to comment .
By Jin Hyun-joo ( “ For Samsung Mobile Display , there may be not enough AM - OLED displays to supply to companies other than its affiliate Samsung Electronics , ” Kim Sung - in , an analyst at Kiwoom Securities , said .
He expected sales of the Galaxy S to reach around 10 - 15 million units in the latter half of this year .
Samsung Mobile Display has an annual production capacity of 35 million units .
“ Our AM - OLED display production lines are running at full capacity , ” a Samsung Mobile Display spokesperson said .
To cope with surging demand , Samsung looks to increase its monthly output capacity by 10 - fold to 30 million units ( for 3 - inch mobile AM - OLED displays ) in July 2011 when its so - called 5.5 generation line is completed , with an investment of 2.5 trillion won .
Samsung Mobile Display on Tuesday held a ground - breaking ceremony for the new line in Tangjeong , South Chungcheong Province .
The display shortage has forced KT to delay the launch of the Nexus One in Korea from late June to the end of July , setting back its bid to keep its smartphone momentum ahead of the iPhone 4 launch in July .
In a preemptive move , its key rival SK Telecom has launched sales of HTC ’s Desire , which is called the twin of Nexus One , and plans to introduce the Galaxy S this Friday .
SK Telecom is allying with Samsung Electronics , HTC and other handset makers to fight back against KT , which has taken the lead in the local smartphone market with its exclusive sales of the iPhone .
The change of the Nexus One display could spark consumer complaints over “ downgrading ” of the specification of the product .
An AM - OLED display -- active matrix organic light emitting diode display -- features a thinner screen with clearer images and consumes less power than its LCD equivalent .
In a bid to calm possible consumer woes , KT claimed in the notice that SLCD consumes less power and offers higher resolution than AM - OLED display , although it has a lower contrast ratio .
“ S- LCD is a new display technology which has merits in power efficiency , web - surfing and text readability , ” KT said in the notice .
“ AMOLED and SLCD are different technological methods which have their respective strengths and weakness , ” KT said .
HTC CEO Peter Chou did not respond to an e-mail by The Korea Herald on the display change .
A spokesperson for HTC Korea was also not available for comment .
Meanwhile , Apple ’s upcoming 4G iPhone is suffering a shortage of its “ Retina display ” because of the low yield for the high - resolution display produced by LG Display , an analyst claimed Friday .
“ Our supply chain checks indicate that our earlier monthly shipment estimate of 4 million units have been reset by about half , according to Ashok Kumar , an analyst at Rodman & Renshaw Inc .
An LG Display spokesperson declined to comment .
By Jin Hyun-joo ( hjjin@heraldcorp.com
Radiation as a medical cure has valid uses and definite dangers to the human body .
We use radiation for diagnosis ( as in x- rays ) and for therapy ( as in cancer treatment ) , but the benefits must be carefully weighed against the costs .
Once upon a time , radiation in different forms was new and wondrous and had a million uses - medications , cosmetics , industrial applications , and even entertainment .
It was only later that the danger became evident .
1. Radioactive Toothpaste
What could possibly make your smile brighter than radioactive toothpaste ?
A German firm called the Auer Company ( Auergesellschaft ) diverted thorium supplies from the Nazi atomic program in 1944 when it became clear that Germany would not win the war .
The forward - thinking company saw the future of nuclear materials in cosmetics and developed Doramad radioactive toothpaste .
Besides the usual wonderful benefits of radiation , the marketing mentioned that radiation would hinder bacteria in the mouth .
2. Shoe- fitting Fluoroscope
The radiation from x-rays was not considered particularly dangerous to humans when the machine was first invented .
Despite injuries to scientists and technicians , the miracle instrument found its way into doctor 's offices , military labs , and even shoe stores .
From the 1930s to the 1960s , children were encouraged to have their shoe size determined " scientifically " by putting their feet into an x-ray fluoroscope at the shoe store .
The shoe salesman and the customer could both see the bones in the foot ( and be bombarded by leaking radiation ) .
By 1950 , these machines were recognized as dangerous , but they were only gradually banned state - by - state until 1970 , when remaining states restricted the machines ' use so strictly that the manufacturers stopped supplying them .
They continued to be used in Europe for years afterward .
3. Tho-radia Cosmetics
Dr. Alfred Curie was no relation to either Marie or Pierre Curie , but his name sold French women on the idea of radioactive cosmetics .
Curie along with Alexis Moussali developed a line of beauty products under the name Tho-radia .
The line included face cream , soap , powder , and even toothpaste containing thorium and radium .
Although they were expensive , Tho -radia product were a hit in Paris , and therefore popular everywhere else .
Dorothy Gray Salon Cold Cream was not marketed as containing any radioactive material , but this television ad is a bit shocking to modern audiences .
The model is covered with radioactive dirt to show how well the cold cream removes it .
At least we hope it did .
4. Radithor
Radithor was a cure - all patent medicine consisting of distilled water and two isotopes of radium .
Advertisements called it " Perpetual Sunshine " .
Radithor was only one of many radioactive elixirs sold to alleviate pain and cure all manner of maladies .
According to this article from 1932 , a popular advocate of Radithor developed holes in his bones and skull , and his entire jaw had to be removed as it had deteriorated badly , just before he died of radiation poisoning .
Image by Flickr user Somewhat Frank .
5. Radium Emanators
If you needed more radioactive water than could be supplied by patent medicines , you could make your own with any of dozens of devices produced to add radiation to water .
This Radium Emanator was sold in the 1930s .
It had uranium embedded in the cement core , which would leach into the water overnight .
6. Radium Clock Dials
Radium paint was special in that it tended to glow in the dark .
The obvious use for this was for clock dials , so they could be seen with the lights out .
Young women were hired in the 1920s to paint the numbers and hands on these clocks .
The painters needed a very fine point on their brushes , so they would pull the brush fibers between their lips to keep the point .
The amount of radium in each clock or watch was rather weak , but the painters in the factories absorbed so much that many died of radiation poisoning and related cancers , and others suffered from various radiation - induced disorders , particularly bone loss in the jaw .
Five of the " Radium Girls " sued the company , U.S. Radium for damages , a case which led to stricter safety standards for the use of radium in industry .
7. Radon Health Mines
Although natural radon emissions have been designated as a health hazard and limits of safe exposure are set , some people still believe in the health benefits of radon .
For these people , a vacation to a spa just for this purpose can be arranged .
These spas were opened in the 1950s at abandoned mining sites in Montana where radon seeps out in unusual amounts .
Spas include the Sunshine Health Mine in Boulder , Montana and Earth Angel Health Mine in Basin , Montana .
Similar facilities are open in Europe as well .
Image by Landon Nordeman / National Geographic .
8. Home Experiments
The Gilbert U - 238 Atomic Energy Lab was one of many children 's chemistry sets that included radioactive materials , in this case four kinds of uranium .
The Gilbert lab was recommended for " only boys with a great deal of education " , and was priced at $ 50.00 , an astronomical sum in those days .
The high price was the reason for the disappearance of these kits rather than the danger of the materials .
You could buy less expensive kits for your youngster in the sixties , such as the Atomic Energy Lab which only had one kind of uranium , but also contained radium .
9. Radiendocrinator
In the 1930s , anyone with $ 150 could purchase a radiendocrinator to place over your endocrine glands to expose them to therapeutic radium .
The device came with paper soaked in radium , which you inserted into the case and exposed , screen - side up , to your testicles or other glands .
10 . Vita Radium Suppositories
Another way to introduce radium to your vital glands was in a suppository form .
Vita Radium Suppositories were guaranteed to contain radium , which sounded like a good thing at the time .
Some ads contained euphemisms such as " vitality " alluding to a promised increase in sexual potency , while other ads targeting both men and women promised global benefits for anything that ailed you .
11 . Uranium Glass
Beginning around 200 years ago , uranium salts were combined with silica before it was melted to create pretty yellow - green glass dishes .
Most of these uranium glass dishes are valuable antiques now , and this is why you may see people carry black lights into an antique shop or flea market - they are testing for actual uranium content as opposed to later recreations .
Image by Wikimedia Commons user Z Vesoulis .
Guest Post by Willis Eschenbach
There have been lots of articles lately discussing the retraction by the UK Sunday Times of their claims about Amazongate .
Folks like George Monbiot are claiming that their point of view has been vindicated , that Amazongate is “ rubbish ” and that skeptics have been “ skewered ” .
So I decided to follow the tortuous trail through the Amazon jungle , to see where the truth lies .
Figure 1 .
The long , twisted , rainy jungle trail leading to the facts …
First , what did the IPCC say that caused all of the furor ?
Here ’s the quote :
Up to 40 % of the Amazonian forests could react drastically to even a slight reduction in precipitation ; this means that the tropical vegetation , hydrology and climate system in South America could change very rapidly to another steady state , not necessarily producing gradual changes between the current and the future situation ( Rowell and Moore , 2000 ) .
It is more probable that forests will be replaced by ecosystems that have more resistance to multiple stresses caused by temperature increase , droughts and fires , such as tropical savannas .
( IPCC , PDF , p. 596 )
Scary stuff , climates tipping to a new steady state , 40 % of the Amazon rainforest changing to savanna …
Now , this is referenced to Rowell and Moore ( PDF ) .
The first problem that arises is that this is a World Wide Fund for Nature ( WWF ) overview piece , and is as far from peer - reviewed science as one can imagine .
The WWF says :
Up to 40 % of the Brazilian forest is extremely sensitive to small reductions in the amount of rainfall .
In the 1998 dry season , some 270,000 sq. km of forest became vulnerable to fire , due to completely depleted plant - available water stored in the upper five metres of soil .
A further 360,000 sq. km of forest had only 250 mm of plant - available soil water left .
46
Note that already we see a difference between the citation ( such as it is ) and the IPCC statement .
The WWF says that the forest is “ extremely sensitive ” to “ small reductions ” in rainfall .
The IPCC has upped the ante , saying the forest could “ react drastically ” to “ even a slight reduction ” in rainfall .
In addition , the IPCC has added an uncited claim that the South American “ vegetation , hydrology and climate system ” could suddenly change to a new “ steady state ” … be very afraid .
Now , the WWF paragraph has a citation ( 46 ) .
This is :
46 D. C. Nepstad , A. Veríssimo , A. Alencar , C. Nobre , E. Lima , P. Lefebvre , P. Schlesinger , C. Potter , P. Mountinho , E. Mendoza , M. Cochrane , V. Brooks , Large - scale Impoverishment of Amazonian Forests by Logging and Fire , Nature , 1999 , Vol 398 , 8 April , pp505
The problem is that their citation only supports the second half of the paragraph , the part that relates to the 1998 dry season .
It says nothing about the extreme sensitivity of the Amazon .
It says nothing about a new “ steady state . ”
Even Dr. Lewis , who convinced the Times to issue the retraction , admits this :
The 40 % claim is not actually referenced in the Rowell & Moore 2000 report ( they use Nepstad to reference the specific figures in the next sentence ) .
The Nepstad Nature paper is about the interactions of logging damage , fire , and periodic droughts , all extremely important in understanding the vulnerability of Amazon forest to drought , but is not related to the vulnerability of these forests to reductions in rainfall .
I do n’t see how that can be the source of Rowell ’s 40 % claim .
Its more likely an unreferenced statement by Rowell .
And there , the trail stops .
Despite Pachauri ’s oft - repeated claim that the IPCC is based 100 % on peer reviewed science , the IPCC has referenced a WWF document which :
1 . Is not peer reviewed , and
2 . Has no further citation for the claim .
So why did the Times have to retract their claim ?
It was the result of a letter sent to the Times by Dr. Simon Lewis , who claimed that a ) he had been misquoted , and b ) the IPCC claim was scientifically accurate .
From Dr. Lewis ’s statement , I do believe he was misquoted .
However , that does not mean that the IPCC statement was correct .
Dr. Lewis defends it , saying :
The IPCC statement itself is poorly written , and bizarrely referenced , but basically correct .
It is very well known that in Amazonia tropical forests exist when there is more than about 1.5 meters of rain a year , below that the system tends to ‘ flip ’ to savanna , so reductions in rainfall towards this threshold could lead to rapid shifts in vegetation .
Indeed , some leading models of future climate change impacts show a die - off of more than 40 % Amazon forests , due to projected decreases in rainfall .
The most extreme die - back model predicted that a new type of drought should begin to impact Amazonia , and in 2005 it happened for the first time : a drought associated with Atlantic , not Pacific sea-surface temperatures .
The effect on the forest was massive tree mortality , and the remaining Amazon forests changed from absorbing nearly 2 billion tonnes of CO2 from the atmosphere a year , to being a massive source of over 3 billion tonnes .
The Amazon drought impacts paper was written by myself and colleagues in Science ( attached ) .
Here is the press release explaining the sensitivity : http://www.leeds.ac.uk/news/article/36/amazon_carbon_sink_threatened_by_drought
Now , there ’s a couple of things to note about this claim .
First , other than a paper by Dr. Lewis himself about Amazon carbon sinks , there are no citations .
The paper about carbon sinks is interesting , but it does not show anything about a “ flip ” to savannah , and does n’t mention the 40 % claim .
Second , he does not present any evidence that the 40 % statement is correct .
Instead , he says that climate models show that the statement is correct …
Now , climate model results are interesting , but they are not evidence of anything but the assumptions of the programmers of the models .
And in fact , the 40 % claim is called into question by another paper by the same Nepstad cited by the WWF document .
It says :
During the severe drought of 2001 , PAW10 m [ plant - available soil water to 10 metres depth ] fell to below 25 % of PAWmax in 31 % of the region ’s forests and fell below 50 % PAWmax in half of the forests .
Now , if the Amazon were so sensitive , if it “ could react drastically ” to even a “ slight reduction ” in rainfall , certainly such a large reduction would make a big difference … but that did n’t happen .
There was no “ flip ” to savannah mentioned in the paper .
Third , Dr. Lewis seems to want us to think that some fraction of the rainforest becoming savannah is supportive of the IPCC claim that :
… the tropical vegetation , hydrology and climate system in South America could change very rapidly to another steady state …
That ’s just misdirection .
Dr. Lewis does not provide any evidence in support of the alarmist claim that the South American climate is in danger of a rapid change to some other steady state .
Which is no surprise to me , since I know of no historical evidence of such a rapid large - scale change in the tropical climate to a much dryer state .
And finally , even Dr. Lewis recognizes that there is no scientific certainty about this question , saying :
This is not to say this there is n’t much uncertaintly as to exactly how vulnerable how much of the Amazon is to moving to a savanna system .
Well … yeah .
Given that uncertainly , his claim that the IPCC statement is “ basically correct ” is unsupportable .
“ Much uncertainty ” means that we cannot make scary statements like the IPCC has done , and we certainly ca n’t say that they are “ basically correct ” .
All we can say is that they are uncertain .
Before going on to look at some actual data , lets review the story so far :
1 . The IPCC made a claim that “ Up to 40 % of the Amazonian forests could react drastically to even a slight reduction in precipitation ” , and that the South American climate could change rapidly to a new steady state .
2 . This was referenced to a WWF review paper which was not peer reviewed .
3 . The WWF paper had no citation for that claim .
4. Dr. Lewis says the claims are correct .
However , like the IPCC , he does not provide a citation for his claim that the 40 % statement is correct .
He points us to a 2009 paper , of which he is a co-author .
It does n’t contain any support for the 40 % claim .
He refers to a few climate models , but shows no evidence .
5. Dr. Lewis says that there is “ much uncertainty ” about the question .
6. Dr. Lewis does not provide any evidence to support the idea that the South American climate is likely to change rapidly to a new steady state .
Now , having reviewed the story so far , lets think about this a bit dispassionately .
First , is it theoretically possible for the Amazon to “ flip ” from rainforest to savannah ?
Certainly it can .
If the Amazon rainfall went to a tenth of the current value , it would all be savannah .
So how much would a “ slight reduction ” affect the Amazon rainforest ?
To investigate this , we can look at the amounts of rainfall around the Amazon .
Figure 2 compares the vegetation and the rainfall :
Figure 2 . Vegetation map of central South America .
The Amazon rainforest is dark green .
Violet rectangle show area of measured rainfall shown below in Fig.
3 . Red lines show rainfall in millimetres per year .
There are several things we can see from this map .
First , rainfall is not the only thing that is limiting the Amazon rainforest .
There are areas with less than 1600 mm which are rainforest , and areas with more than 1600 mm which are not rainforest .
Second , at the left edge of the rainforest , we have the Andes mountains .
In these areas , the Amazon is limited by elevation rather than by rainfall .
Now , suppose that the rainfall drops by 10 % .
I ’d call that a “ slight reduction ” in rainfall .
Will that affect 40 % of the rainforest ?
No way .
If we were to shrink all of the red lines by 10 % , we ’d only get about a 20 % reduction in area … but there are large areas which are not rainfall limited in that sense .
So a 10 % reduction in rainfall might , and I emphasize might , give us a maximum of a 20 % reduction in rainforest area .
To get to 40 % rainforest loss , we ’d need a large reduction in rainfall , not a slight reduction .
But who is claiming that there will be a large reduction in Amazon rainfall ?
That is a model prediction , and not even one that appears in all of the models .
Dr. Lewis says :
Indeed , some leading models of future climate change impacts show a die - off of more than 40 % Amazon forests , due to projected decreases in rainfall .
This , of course , also means that some leading models do not show a die - off .
Even the models do n’t all agree with the IPCC claim .
However , all of this , all of the claims and counterclaims , and the models , and Dr. Lewis ’s letter , and the cited scientific documents , all run aground on one ugly fact :
The data shows no change in Amazon rainfall in a century of measurements .
Figure 3 shows three different ground - based observational datasets , along with the recent Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission ( TRMM ) satellite data .
Figure 3 . Four Amazon rainfall datasets , covering the rectangular area shown in violet in Fig. 2 ( 2.5°N–12.5°S , 72.5°W–50 °W ) .
Note the generally good agreement between the four datasets ( including the TRMM satellite data )
The main feature of this dataset is its stability .
Note the lack of any trend over the last century , and the lack of any large excursions in the rainfall .
It stays between two and two and a half metres per year .
There are no really wet years , and no really dry years .
95 % of the years are within ± 10 % of the average rainfall .
There are individual dry years , but no prolonged periods of drought .
So while Dr. Lewis says ( correctly ) that rainforest can change to savannah , he is not correct that 40 % of the Amazon is at risk from a “ slight reduction ” in rainfall .
More to the point , there is no evidence to indicate that we are headed for a reduction in Amazon rainfall , “ slight ” or otherwise .
That is a fantasy based on climate models .
The reality is that despite the globe warming by half a degree or so over the last century , there has been no change in the Amazon rainfall .
As usual , the IPCC is taking the most alarmist position possible … and Dr. Lewis is doing all he can to claim that the IPCC alarmism is actually good science .
Unfortunately for both the IPCC and Dr. Lewis , here at the end of a long , twisted , and rainy jungle trail , we find that the facts inconveniently disagree with their claims .
[ UPDATE ]
Credit where credit is due .
I love writing here because I always learn something .
The Amazongate story was originally broken by Richard North , whose blog is EUReferendum .
Give it a look , lots of good stuff .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
The price of extra monitors has fallen steadily over the years , quality has risen , and Windows is more multi-monitor friendly than ever .
Here 's how to make the most of your multi-monitor setup in Windows 7 and 8 .
Advertisement
Blast from the past is a new weekly feature at Lifehacker , in which we revive old , but still relevant , posts for your reading and hacking pleasure .
This week , we 're digging deep and reviving an old feature on multiple monitors — with a few additions for those that have upgraded to Windows 8 .
Back in 2007 we showed you how to make the most of your dual monitors .
Since the publication of that guide , Windows XP has begun its trip across the river Styx , more people than ever before are rocking multiple monitors , and Windows 7 treats multi-screen setups like they 're downright commonplace and routine ( which is good ) .
Advertisement
How routine ?
Setting up multiple monitors in Windows 7 and 8 is minimal and usually completely hiccup - free , assuming you 've got a video card that supports multiple monitors .
For example , I 'm running three monitors :
One is connected to the motherboard , and two are connected to a dual - head video card .
The on - board graphics are NVIDIA - chipset based and the expansion card is ATI - based .
This arrangement caused Windows XP to completely lose its mind , requiring multiple hours of therapy and intervention to bring the GPU split personalities back together .
( Truly , I can't begin to describe the enormous headache trying to run triple monitors , let alone off two video cards , was under Windows XP . )
By contrast , the process under Windows 7 was so simple I actually had to look up the official setup steps to make sure I was n't recalling the setup process with rose - colored glasses .
Set Up Your Multiple Monitors in Windows
If you have n't already purchased your extra monitor (s ) , you 're in for a treat when it comes to installation .
Some computers will support multiple monitors out of the box ( if you 've got two DVI or VGA ports on the back of your machine , your computer likely already can handle dual monitors ) .
If not , you 'd need to install a new video card as described in our computer - building guide — but installing the card will be the longest part of the process when compared to the breezy setup in Windows .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
If you already have a computer that can handle multiple monitors , just plug in the power cord for your monitor and hook it up to the extra VGA or DVI port .
Then it 's time to really get started .
Advertisement
Access Windows ' screen settings by right clicking on the desktop and selecting " Screen resolution " , or typing " adjust screen resolution " in the Start menu search box .
Click the " Identify " button to throw up numbers on each screen to identify them and then drag and drop them to match your current arrangement .
Advertisement
Check " Make this my main display " on the monitor you want to be your main display — the main taskbar and Start menu will appear here , as well as the initial run of most application windows .
All of your monitors should have " Extend desktop to this display " selected in the " Multiple displays " drop down menu .
The only time you 'll have to really spend any significant time fiddling in the display settings is if you have multiple but mismatched monitors — when I first started with multiple monitors I had a 17 " and 15 " and the mismatched sizes and resolutions was awkward at best .
( Though you can also fix the " cursor drift " problem by tweaking one setting here ) .
Advertisement
If you never attempted multiple monitors prior to Windows 7 , be thankful you 're coming aboard at a time when multiple monitors are well supported and the voodoo necessary to animate them is minimal .
Now that you 've got your monitors hooked up and you 've extended the desktop across all of them , it 's time to start learning the multi-monitor tricks in Windows 7 and supplementing them with software when necessary .
Take Advantage of Built - in Tools
The benefits of multiple monitors are obvious ; you can spread out your work , compare documents , and live a life virtually free from furiously Alt + Tabbing your way back and forth between windows .
Nonetheless , life with multiple monitors , especially modern monitors that sport monstrous resolutions , comes with its own set of challenges compared to life on a small and singular screen .
Advertisement
Extend Your Taskbar ( Windows 8 Only )
Advertisement
People may hate on Windows 8 , but if you have multiple monitors , Windows 8 has some nice upgrades .
Most notable is the ability to extend your taskbar across both monitors .
Just right - click on the taskbar , head to Properties , and check the " Show Taskbar on All Displays " box .
From there , you can tweak it to your liking — showing taskbar buttons on all taskbars , or only the monitor where the window is open .
Note that if you 're still on Windows 7 , you can get this feature with DisplayFusion as described in the next section .
Advertisement
Speed up Cursor Location
Advertisement
Take the simple mouse cursor as an example .
It 's easy to lose a tiny 16x16 pixel cursor on a bank of monitors , my current setup is 4800x900 pixels that spans a roughly 60 " physical arc in front of my eyes .
You can only focus on so much monitor real estate directly and at least a few times a day , the part I 'm focusing on and the mouse cursor get out of sync .
Fortunately , Windows has a built - in tool for helping you find a wayward cursor with minimal fuss .
It 's definitely not new to Windows 7 but it 's worth highlighting for its time - saving powers .
Open the mouse settings in the control panel and navigate to the " Pointer Options " tab .
Down at the bottom — seen in the screenshot above — you 'll see a checkbox that says " Show location of pointer when I press the CTRL key " , check it .
Now when you press the CTRL key — but not when it 's part of a keyboard combo — a roughly 200 pixel wide circle forms around the cursor and sweeps in towards it .
It 's a small tweak , but it 's oh - so - handy when you 're staring at one corner of your monitor array wondering where the cursor went and it's all the way on the other side of your farthest monitor .
Advertisement
Hone Your Shortcut -Fu
Advertisement
If you were n't a big fan of keyboard shortcuts before , you 're going to rapidly become one .
Dragging the cursor from one end of your monitor array all the way to the other end just to execute a command that would take two key strokes will get real old , real fast .
These handy shortcuts from Windows 7 work for single monitors , too , but they make working with multiple monitors and lots of open windows easier , and have a few special tricks for multi-monitor users :
Win +Home : Clear all but the active window .
Clear all but the active window .
Win +Space :
All windows become transparent so you can see through to the desktop .
All windows become transparent so you can see through to the desktop .
Win +
Up arrow : Maximize the active window .
Maximize the active window .
Shift + Win + Up arrow : Maximize the active window vertically .
Maximize the active window vertically .
Win +Down arrow : Minimize the window / Restore the window if it 's maximized .
Minimize the window / Restore the window if it 's maximized .
Win +Left / Right arrows :
Dock the window to the side of the current monitor , additional presses will push the application to the next monitor edge , then center , then opposite edge continuing in this pattern across all available monitors .
Dock the window to the side of the current monitor , additional presses will push the application to the next monitor edge , then center , then opposite edge continuing in this pattern across all available monitors .
Shift + Win +Left / Right arrows :
Move the window to the monitor on the left or right .
Move the window to the monitor on the left or right .
Win+G : Display / Hide your Windows Sidebar Gadgets
For more shortcuts check out The Master List of New Windows 7 Shortcuts and its Windows 8 counterpart .
Advertisement
Supplement Windows ' Multi-Monitor Handling with Third - Party Tools
Advertisement
While Windows does a fantastic job with initial monitor setup and basics like shortcuts , you 'll find no shortage of what are nothing short of glaring oversights ( especially if you 're still using Windows 7 , which does n't have as many multi-monitor features as Windows 8 ) .
You can address the shortcomings of Windows ' multi-monitor handling one of two ways .
You can install a dozen odd programs , some free and some not , that add in little tweaks incrementally — a taskbar extension here , a move - window button there , etc . — or you can opt to go with one of the major multi-monitor application suites .
While we like free - as - in - beer as much as anyone , sometimes it 's just not worth the hassle of trying to patch together a bunch of little apps and tweaks to achieve what a program that costs 1/20th what you spent on your monitors can do in one swoop and hassle free .
Advertisement
The two big players are UltraMon and DisplayFusion .
UltraMon is older , but DisplayFusion was the first to radically update for Windows 7 and updates more frequently .
Both are very solid products but for the dollar - to - feature value we went with DisplayFusion for this guide — DisplayFusion Pro is $ 25 and the full UltraMon package is $ 40 .
Advertisement
Here 's a look at some of our favorite features in DisplayFusion :
Manage multi-monitor wallpapers : Windows 8 has some nice multi-monitor wallpaper features built - in — like the ability to have different wallpapers on each monitor , or stretch one across both — but Display Fusion 's still takes the cake with a ton of advanced options , from the fine - tuning to the automatic rotation .
Windows 8 has some nice multi-monitor wallpaper features built - in — like the ability to have different wallpapers on each monitor , or stretch one across both — but Display Fusion 's still takes the cake with a ton of advanced options , from the fine - tuning to the automatic rotation .
Window snapping :
Make your windows snap to the edge of any screen .
: Make your windows snap to the edge of any screen .
Multi-monitor screensavers :
Play one on each or span one across both monitors .
: Play one on each or span one across both monitors .
Multi-monitor Taskbar ( for Windows 7 users ) :
The multiple - monitor taskbar blends smoothly with the existing Windows 7 taskbar .
You can set it to display full text buttons or collapsed icon - only just like your main bar .
The multiple - monitor taskbar blends smoothly with the existing Windows 7 taskbar .
You can set it to display full text buttons or collapsed icon - only just like your main bar .
Keyboard shortcuts and buttons for moving windows around : DisplayFusion has hotkey support for window movement , snapping to the sides of the monitors , maximization to span all monitors , and the ability to size windows to a percentage of the work area .
If the default hot keys do n't cover a function you want , you can build you own with the very thorough hotkey creation tool :
Advertisement
Again , both UltraMon and DisplayFusion are solid products and our focus on DisplayFusion over UltraMon is based entirely on a most - features - per - dollar - spent assessment .
The free trials offered by both are worth your while if you really want to put their premium features head to head .
Control Multiple Computers Across Monitors with One Keyboard and Mouse
For those of you rocking multiple - monitors and multiple computers — be they test boxes all running the same operating system or development boxes running different operating systems — you 're missing out if you 're not using Synergy .
Advertisement
Synergy is a fantastic program that allows you to control multiple computers with the same keyboard and mouse .
If you have more than one machine hooked up to your monitor bank , you really need to give Synergy a test run .
Check out our guide to setting up Synergy for more information .
Advertisement
Bring on the Eye Candy
Advertisement
The real benefit of multiple monitors is that sweet , sweet productivity boost , but let 's be honest .
Practical reasons aside for covering your desk with monitors , it 's impossible to resist customizing that expanse of pixels .
Even if you only see your desktop wallpaper a few times a day , it 's a crime to leave a 4000 + pixel span unadorned .
Photo by yomi955 .
Multi-Monitor Wallpaper
Advertisement
It used to be your only option for multi-monitor wallpaper was to find large images and crop them down or render your own .
Now that multiple monitors are more mainstream , more and more sites have cropped up that carry wallpaper in multi-monitor sizes or outright cater to multi-monitor setups exclusively .
You can check out our guide to the best places to find multi-monitor wallpaper or hop right in with the list below :
Advertisement
Advertisement
When you 're having trouble finding a wallpaper image you really love through the usual sources , it never hurts to hit up Google Images .
Crank the " Larger than ... " setting up in the left - hand column and then crop the large images you find down to fit your monitors — or just throw them in Display Fusion 's wallpaper tool and tweak them to fit .
Multi-monitor Screensavers
Advertisement
When it comes to screensavers and multiple - monitors , things can be a bit limited and kind of sketchy in application depending on your setup — the on - board video and dual - head video card setup I use does n't like to play nice with most screen savers , for example — but it 's not a total wash .
You can use the basic Windows screensavers , as plain as they are , and they 'll work their way across all your monitors .
Alternately , if you 're really into screensavers you could shell out for UltraMon to enable custom screensavers on each monitor .
For the real wow - factor , however , you 're going to want to turn to screensavers meant to be run on multi-monitors — and with maximum impact .
The screenshot above is of the Hypersace screensaver , which is part of the package of free Open GL screensavers available at Really Slick .
Advertisement
If you 're interested in geeking out even harder , do n't neglect to take a look at Electric Sheep , a collaborative abstract art project that uses thousands of idle computers all over the world to generate " flocks " of trippy abstract images .
The images are shared as screensavers and archived online .
Advertisement
Between the shortcuts , the multi-monitor customization suites , and the eye - candy galore , you should be in command of a productive — and pretty !— array of monitors .
Enjoy !
Advertisement
JREF Swift Blog
Thoughts on Faith Healing
Last night , I was a guest on a Dallas - based radio talk show called " On the DL . "
The hosts , Don and Lane , were very friendly and I 'm very happy they invited me on the show .
The topic was so - called " faith healing , " which was of particular interest in light of the radio station 's proximity to evangelist Benny Hinn 's corporate headquarters .
( The phrase ' Benny Hinn 's corporate headquarters ' tells a story by itself . )
While there 's no question that Randi should have been the one on the show , his lecture tour in Europe prevented that outcome .
So , armed with my copy of his seminal book , The Faith Healers , I took their call and their questions .
I found that I was more prepared than I needed to be .
While the hosts were obviously aware of Benny Hinn , they had apparently not heard of Peter Popoff , the poster boy for greedy televangelists .
For those who have n't seen this clip from the Johnny Carson show , it 's essential viewing .
Randi and his cohorts completely destroyed Popoff , but as we know now , Popoff is back and making money again , albeit with slightly different and less impressive tricks .
During the interview , I explained the basics of faith healing .
A person is called up on stage , " healed , " and sent away .
This happens in succession as a large audience observes , claps , and cheers .
It appears to work .
A woman may cast away her pills or a man may remove his leg braces and jump up an down .
But when the " healed " are interviewed days later , it 's obvious that their healing either was either taken away or temporary .
How is this accounted for ?
Well , it 's a problem of faith .
Everyone saw the healing work , so if it 's missing now , the healed person must not have had enough faith to be worthy of such a gift .
Shame on them , and no , the donation is not refundable .
The person once hopeful for a miraculous cure is reduced to even lower depths with injured pride and wallet added to their existing burden .
Sometimes cheap parlor tricks are employed , such as the " leg growing " trick , or plants in the audience who leap up from wheel chairs that were provided to them that day by the ministry .
Having never needed wheel chairs before , they failed to bring their own .
After explaining this to the hosts , and relaying the crushing story of the boy to whom The Faith Healers is dedicated , a few calls started to come in .
And I found I was able to predict them , nearly word for word .
" These people are evil , despicable .
And while there are a lot of them out there , I know there are real healers and I 've had relatives who 've been healed .
You do n't hear about the real ones though , because they 're not doing it for money . "
And therein lies the problem .
As Randi says , you can't prove reindeer do n't fly but tossing one off of a building .
You have to toss them all off , and even then it 's possible they just decided not to fly .
The JREF and other skeptical organizations can expose every faith healer in the world , and people will still point to that relative who was healed by that unnamed preacher .
Why ?
Because to believe otherwise would be to call said relative either a liar or a fool .
The truth is ... they 're probably both .
But that 's OK .
You see ... I 'm a fool .
I 've been fooled by many things , taken in by cons , and I 've even lied about these things .
I do n't mean overt lying ...
I mean presenting as the truth something that was n't true , simply because I believed it at the time .
This is why Ben Franklin said : " There are no greater liars in the world than quacks — except for their patients . "
The fooled will make fools of others by spreading the false truth they believe .
The faith healers know this , and depend upon it .
There 's no greater learning opportunity , and I 've done my best to learn as well as I could .
I 'm much harder to fool these days , trust me .
And I 've added my voice to those like Randi who 've learned the truth .
That skeptic 's voice — the one that 's instantly ready to change it 's tune if proper evidence is presented — is drowned out by human nature .
There is something in us , at least many of us , that wants to believe even in the face of overwhelming evidence to the contrary .
I 'm concerned that nothing short of evolution will change that .
Fortunately , evolution is real , and by some accounts , accelerating .
As a coda to the faith healing segment on the show , another guest came on .
She agreed that the likes of Hinn and Popoff were abhorrent , and then went on to explain how reiki is a true form of spiritual healing .
If the faith healers ever fall out of favor , there are many others waiting in the wings to take their place .
( NaturalNews ) Inaccurate calorie labeling is widespread among both packaged and restaurant meals , suggests a study conducted by researchers from Tufts University and published in the Lead researcher Susan B. Roberts had originally intended to test out the benefits of two different diets she had designed , one that depended on home - cooked food and the other allowing pre-made meals .
Although the calorie counts of the diets were identical and she lost weight following the home - cooked diet , she did not find the same effect with the second diet .
" I came into the lab one day and thought , something 's not adding up , " Roberts said .
" I think there 's more calories in these foods than there should be .
" Roberts and colleagues tested 10 frozen supermarket meals and found that their actual calorie content was , on average , 8 percent higher than advertised .
Twenty - nine different restaurant meals delivered an average of 18 percent more calories than advertised .
The amount is not insignificant : Just 5 percent more calories per day on top of a 2,000 - calorie diet would cause someone to gain 10 pounds in a year .
" These findings suggest that stated energy contents of reduced energy meals obtained from restaurants and supermarkets are not consistently accurate and , in this study , average more than measured values , " Roberts said , " especially when free side dishes were taken into account .
" Five of the restaurants included a free side dish with the purchase of a meal .
On average , these dishes contained more calories than the main course .
Although some foods actually contained fewer calories than advertised , overall producers appeared to be erring on the low end .
" The FDA regulations are much more punitive , much more stringent on underproviding than overproviding , " she said .
" It 's an old - style mentality : ' People need to be given what they pay for . '" Roberts advised consumers to be more conscious of their food choices .
"
If you want to lose 10 pounds , you can do it with food , " she said .
" Food is the best way .
But by eating at home , you 'll have a much easier time .
" Sources for this story include : www.businessweek.com; articles.latimes.com .
I ’ve been writing unit tests regularly for 2 - 3 years now , and doing full - blown test - driven development ( TDD ) full time for about the last year .
Throughout this whole time , I keep noticing the same thing over and over :
For certain types of code , unit testing works brilliantly , flows naturally , and significantly enhances the quality of the resulting code .
But for other types of code , writing unit tests consumes a huge amount of effort , does n’t meaningfully aid design or reduce defects at all , and makes the codebase harder to work with by being a barrier to refactoring or enhancement .
I guess that should n’t surprise anyone , because well - respected techniques in all fields – e.g. , techniques for winning debates , for dieting , for making money – tend to be strong in some scenarios but weaker in others .
At one point I thought this observation was somehow controversial , but every other developer with whom I ’ve discussed it already considered it self - evident that unit testing is sometimes very effective and sometimes just is n’t .
So why am I writing this ?
Two reasons :
Because I think we can go further and understand the underlying forces that make unit testing worthwhile ( or not ) for any given unit of code .
Because a minority of developers still believes that they should aim for 100 % unit test coverage , and that if they do n’t follow the TDD code - first process , then they ’ve failed as a professional .
I ’m not satisfied with that view .
How much does that code benefit from unit testing ?
I could list a dozen great benefits that come from unit testing , but the list really boils down to two things :
Unit tests help you to design some code while you ’re writing it , and also help to * verify * that your implementation actually does what you intended it to do .
That sounds great – and often is – but it ’s still legal to question the whole idea .
Consider :
Why do you actually want a secondary system to help design or verify your code ?
Does n’t your source code itself express the design and behaviour of your solution ?
If unit tests are a repetition of the same design , in what sense do they demonstrate the correctness of that design ?
What about DRY ?
In my experience , if your code is not obvious at a single glance – so working out its exact behaviour would take time and careful thought – then additional design and verification assistance ( e.g. , through unit testing ) is essential to be sure that all your cases are handled properly .
For example , if you ’re coding a system of business rules or parsing a complex hierarchical string format , there will be too many possible code paths to check at a glance .
In scenarios like these , unit tests are extremely helpful and valuable .
Conversely , if your code is basically obvious – so at a glance you can see exactly what it does – then additional design and verification ( e.g. , through unit testing ) yields extremely minimal benefit , if any .
For example , if you ’re writing a method that gets the current date and the amount of free disk space , and then passes them both to a logging service , the source code listing says everything you need to say about that design .
What would a unit test add here , given that you ’d be mocking out the clock and disk space provider anyway ?
In summary , I ’m arguing that the benefit of unit testing is correlated with the non-obviousness of the code under test .
How much does it cost to unit test that code ?
A few obvious costs spring to mind :
The time spent actually writing unit tests in the first place
The time spent fixing and updating unit tests , either because you ’ve deliberately refactored interfaces between code units or the responsibilities distributed among them , or because tests broke unexpectedly when you made other changes
The tendency – either by you or your colleagues – to avoid improving and refactoring application code out of fear that it may break a load of unit tests and hence incur extra work
As many have written , you can reduce the cost of maintaining unit tests by following certain best practises .
After doing that , the remaining cost may be tiny or it may still be significant .
In my experience , the remaining total cost of unit testing a certain code unit is very closely correlated with its number of dependencies on other code units .
Why might that be ?
Writing tests in the first place :
If a method has no dependencies and merely acts as a simple function of a single parameter , unit tests are just a list of examples of input points mapping to output points .
But if it takes four parameters and reads or writes five other services ( abstract or otherwise ) through class properties , you ’ve got a lot of mocking to do and API usages to figure out .
But this is a trivial cost compared to …
Maintenance :
It ’s well established that the more direct dependencies a code unit has , the more frequently it gets forced to change .
( In fact , this is basically how “ instability ” is defined by standard code metrics tools . )
You can easily see why :
On any given day , each of those dependencies has some probability of changing its API or behaviour , forcing you to update your code and its unit tests .
Note that these issues apply equally even if you ’re using an IoC container and coding purely to interfaces .
In summary , I ’m arguing that the cost of unit testing is correlated with the number of dependencies ( concrete or interface ) that a code unit has .
Visualising the Costs and Benefits
OK , let ’s put those two ideas on a single diagram :
This deliberately simplistic diagram illustrates four broad categories of code :
Complex code with few dependencies ( top left ) .
Typically this means self - contained algorithms for business rules or for things like sorting or parsing data .
This cost - benefit argument goes strongly in favour of unit testing this code , because it ’s cheap to do and highly beneficial .
.
Typically this means self - contained algorithms for business rules or for things like sorting or parsing data .
This cost - benefit argument goes strongly this code , because it ’s cheap to do and highly beneficial .
Trivial code with many dependencies ( bottom right ) .
I ’ve labelled this quadrant “ coordinators ” , because these code units tend to glue together and orchestrate interactions between other code units .
This cost - benefit argument is in favour of not unit testing this code : it ’s expensive to do and yields little practical benefit .
Your time is finite ; spend it more effectively elsewhere .
.
I ’ve labelled this quadrant “ coordinators ” , because these code units tend to glue together and orchestrate interactions between other code units .
This cost - benefit argument is this code : it ’s expensive to do and yields little practical benefit .
Your time is finite ; spend it more effectively elsewhere .
Complex code with many dependencies ( top right ) .
This code is very expensive to write with unit tests , but too risky to write without .
Usually you can sidestep this dilemma by decomposing the code into two parts : the complex logic ( algorithm ) and the bit that interacts with many dependencies ( coordinator ) .
.
This code is very expensive to write with unit tests , but too risky to write without .
Usually you can sidestep this dilemma by decomposing the code into two parts : the complex logic ( algorithm ) and the bit that interacts with many dependencies ( coordinator ) .
Trival code with few dependencies ( bottom left ) .
We need n’t worry about this code .
In cost - benefit terms , it does n’t matter whether you unit test it or not .
Let ’s get practical .
What about my ASP .
NET MVC web application ?
In ASP.NET MVC , the most general - purpose place to put your application logic is in your controllers .
Unfortunately if you keep dumping stuff there , they ’ll become unwieldy – amassing complex logic but being very expensive to unit test because of all the dependencies and overlapping concerns .
This is known a
s the fat controller anti-pattern .
To avoid this , you can factor out independent bits of application logic into service classes and business logic into domain model classes .
You can also split out cross-cutting concerns into ASP .
NET MVC filters , custom model binders , and custom action results .
The more you do this , the better , clearer , and simpler your controllers become .
Ultimately , the better you structure your controllers , the more they end up being trivial coordinators that manage interactions between other code units while having very little or no logic of their own .
In other words , the better you structure your controllers , the more they move down towards the bottom - right corner of the preceding diagram , and the less it makes sense to unit test them .
My controllers aim to be just a meeting place for all the different APIs of my many services .
This controller code is trivially readable , and links together multiple dependencies .
In cost - benefit terms , I find I ’m more productive not unit testing these and instead using the time saved to keep refactoring and writing integration tests .
But , um , surely we do n’t want less automated testing ?
In case anyone is misinterpreting me , I ’m not saying you should n’t do unit testing or TDD .
What I am saying is :
I personally find I can deliver more business value per hour worked over the long term by using TDD only on the kinds of code for which it ’s strong .
This means nontrivial code with few dependencies ( algorithms or self - contained business logic ) .
I sometimes deliberately decompose code into algorithms and coordinators , so that the former can be most clearly unit tested , and the latter most clearly expressed as C# without unit tests .
The most obvious example is factoring application logic out of ASP .
NET MVC controllers .
I ’m increasingly becoming aware of the practical business value achieved through integration testing .
For a web application , that usually means using some kind of browser automation tool such as Selenium RC or WatiN .
This does n’t replace unit testing , but I ’d rather spend an hour writing integration tests to prove the whole system works together in some scenario , than spend that hour writing unit tests associated with trivial code whose behaviour I can know at a glance and which is likely to change each time some underlying API changes anyway .
This is just a description of my experience so far .
It ’s OK if yours is different .
To expand on the question , “ Does n’t your source code itself already express the design and behaviour of the solution ? ” , consider the point made by Jim Reeves in his now - much - cited 1992 article for C++ Journal entitled What is Software Design ?
The final goal of any engineering activity is some type of [ design ] documentation …
After reviewing the software development life cycle as I understood it , I concluded that the only software documentation that actually seems to satisfy the criteria of an engineering design is the source code listings .
His argument is that our source code is not the software itself ( for the actual software is an executable binary file of some sort ) ; our source code is the design for that software .
A programming language succeeds or fails to the extent that it lets us succinctly and accurately describe our intended software design to the compiler .
So , reader , can and should unit tests replace source code as the truest expression of our designs ?
NDP Education Critic Carla
Beck called on the provincial government to act immediately to lower class sizes following the news that Regina Public Schools has been forced to take teachers out of the classroom to accommodate e-learning needs .
“ Parents and educators have done everything in their power to make the return to school as safe and positive experience as possible , despite the chaos caused by the Sask .
Party ’s lack of planning , ” said Beck .
“ Not only did the Premier Moe fail to make smaller class sizes a priority - Education Minister Gord Wyant is now making class sizes larger . ”
Could Happy
Meal toys soon be a thing of the past ?
They will the if the Center for Science in the Public Interest has its way .
The group , which specializes in suing the makers of allegedly unhealthy food , threatened to sue McDonald 's today over the chain 's Happy Meal toys , such as Shrek - themed watches .
The toys , the group claims , improperly lure kids to McDonald's .
" Once ...
We love cheesecake , but especially when it packs a bit of a kick .
Aly Fell 's pinup art includes robots , zombie - slayers , vampires , witches , demons and supervillains .
And transdimensional dragon hunters !
Check out a few of our favorites .
It 's well worth checking out the rest of Aly Fell 's amazing body of work , which pays homage to some of our favorite glamor artists as well as comics artists and classic pulp fiction .
It 's glamorous and dangerous !
Oh , and one or two of the images below are probably NSFW .
Check out more of his art at the link .
[ DarkRising ]
Lady Frances Drake , from an alternate fascist Elizabethan England .
She 's about to battle the Spanish Armada with Zeppelins .
Advertisement
Sky Angel
Advertisement
Mary Of The Blue Lights !
Advertisement
A steampunk reinterpretation of Judith from Judith and Holofernes
Advertisement
Erica : Zombie Killer
Advertisement
Supercute Sophie , Princess of Evil Bunnies
Advertisement
Tiffany May : Killer Prom Queen .
Advertisement
Silhouette from Watchmen .
Advertisement
A reimagining of Harley Quinn from DC Comics
Advertisement
ImagineFX Cover
Advertisement
Tangled
Advertisement
Robot Piercings .
Why would a robot get nipple piercings ?
Why not ?
Advertisement
Lady Westernra
Advertisement
CHARGE !
Inspired by Bride of Frankenstein
Advertisement
Three Vamps
Advertisement
Jonny Stay Dead
Advertisement
Sam Gunn — Alien Detective .
Advertisement
Boing !
In the future we will all ride around on space hoppers in our underwear .
Makes as much sense as a lot of futurists do , really .
Advertisement
Daisy The Driller
Advertisement
Serran , a transdimensional dragon hunter .
Fuck yeah !
Advertisement
Astarre , a demon who can look like an angel .
Advertisement
Nancy Goodaim , Space Ranger !
Advertisement
Absinthe Fairy ( could be NSFW )
If ever there was a community in need of economic development , it 's West Englewood .
It 's riddled with vacant lots .
Those that are n't turning to swamps or being used as fly dumps are littered with rubble , broken glass , plastic bottles , and piles of soiled clothes .
Since the beginning of 2008 , more than 1,300 properties have been foreclosed on here , and countless homes are boarded up , vacant , or clearly occupied by squatters .
The roads and sidewalks are crumbling ; on the side streets you can hear cars rattling over potholes a block away .
On the major thoroughfares , like Damen or 63rd , most of the storefronts still standing are boarded up , gated off , or both — even the liquor stores and churches .
At the corner of Damen and 62nd , an abandoned car is parked at an abandoned service station .
The city of Chicago has a program to eradicate blight and stimulate new development .
Between 2004 and 2008 it spent about $ 1.5 billion in property tax dollars on communities Mayor Daley and his aides designated as needing a shot in the arm .
Yet only about $ 33,000 — or 0.002 percent of that $ 1.5 billion — went to the 15th Ward , which includes most of West Englewood .
It ranks 49th out of 50 wards on the list of communities receiving those funds , just ahead of the middle - class 41st Ward on the northwest side .
The 41st Ward did n't get any of that money because its longtime alderman , Brian Doherty , is opposed to the program .
But the other wards not receiving much in the way of TIF funds include depressed communities such as Ashburn , Roseland , Little Village , Auburn - Gresham , and West Pullman .
On the other end of the spectrum are the three wards that encompass downtown Chicago .
They shared roughly $ 626 million of that $ 1.5 billion , or about 43 percent .
click to enlarge
We 're of course talking about Chicago 's tax increment financing program , which collects more than $ 500 million a year .
Unlike funds collected through property taxes and distributed through a public budgeting process , TIF money goes into special funds controlled by the mayor and distributed with minimal public oversight .
By law the program is supposed to help blighted areas that would n't attract sufficient economic development " without the benefits of tax increment financing " — that is , areas that wo n't improve unless the city ponies up to get rid of " dilapidation , " vacant buildings , and environmental problems and bolster infrastructure .
Mayor Daley , its biggest proponent , has long claimed it 's done just that .
" Most of [ the TIF money ] is pledged for economic development in depressed areas , to bring jobs back or keep jobs there , " he told Chicago Public Radio last fall .
But it 's clear that the money is not reaching many of the neighborhoods that need it the most .
We 've been writing about abuses of this flawed program for years , so we knew it was bad .
But until now even we did n't know it was this bad .
Through a Freedom of Information
Act request , we recently acquired records from the city showing exactly how TIF money was spent in all 156 TIF districts that existed from 2004 through 2008 — information never before released to the public .
We asked for the expenditures broken down by ward , but city officials told us they only kept the information by district and did n't have any way of knowing exactly what TIF - funded projects were in which wards .
Instead , they provided a set of formulas showing the portion of each district in each ward .
So we conducted an analysis to get a sound estimate of where the money 's going , applying the city 's formulas to the district totals .
For example : $ 1,548,011 was spent in the Bronzeville TIF district during this period .
Portions of the district are in three wards : the Second ( 24 percent ) , the Third ( 53 percent ) , and the Fourth ( 23 percent ) .
That works out to about $ 371,523 going to the Second Ward , $ 820,446 going to the Third , and $ 356,042 going to the Fourth .
It 's probable that the money was n't distributed in this exact proportion , but the city said that 's the best it can do .
Our analysis shows that the program has become one of the chief ways the city pays for basic infrastructure improvements and repairs such as new el stations , greenery , street paving , wheelchair - accessible sidewalks , and ornamental street lamps .
But only in select wards .
In fact , it 's not just poor areas that are skipped over .
Middle - class neighborhoods , including Chatham , Beverly , Rogers Park , and Lakeview , do n't get much investment from the TIF program either .
Consider :
About a quarter of all TIF spending , or $ 358 million , went to a single ward , the Second , which includes much of the Loop and gentrified areas on the near south and west sides .
That 's more than the bottom 35 wards got altogether .
Approximately $ 267 million more was spent in the 27th and 42nd wards , which include the Gold Coast and near west and near north sides .
Together the three downtown wards received about 43 cents of every TIF dollar spent between 2004 and 2008 .
Portions of the Second , 27th , and 42nd wards are in fact struggling economically — but those areas are largely missing out too .
Some are n't covered by TIF districts ; in other places the TIF districts are n't collecting much money .
For example , the 27th Ward reaches into parts of Garfield Park where the landscape is dominated by empty factories and vacant lots , but little TIF money has been spent there .
While the City Council has the authority to correct these disparities in spending , it 's not using it , either because the aldermen lack the will to battle Mayor Daley , who controls the purse strings , or because they do n't understand the program .
Alderman Toni Foulkes , who represents the 15th Ward , says she 's asked city officials to help her get more resources into her community .
But she was just elected three years ago and says she 's still figuring out how TIFs work .
" It 's a pretty tough system to navigate , " she says .
" You do n't walk in and know everything . "
Anthony Beale has been alderman of the Ninth Ward , which includes Roseland , since 1999 , but he says he's not concerned that his ward only got roughly $ 1 million in TIF money from 2004 to 2008 , ranking 47th out of 50 .
" It takes a while to get a TIF going , especially in a struggling community , " he says .
But Alderman Robert Fioretti , whose Second Ward was the biggest winner , is almost sheepish about the disparity .
" I did n't create the TIF program , " says Fioretti , who was also elected in 2007 .
" TIFs were around long before I got into office . "
There are two good reasons that much of the money intended for poor wards is spent in wealthy ones .
One has to do with how the program 's designed , the other with how it 's used .
The TIF program works by freezing , usually for up to 24 years , the amount of property taxes that the schools , parks , county , and other governmental bodies can collect in a designated area .
That 's the TIF district .
If property values there rise , producing higher tax revenues , the extra funds go into a TIF account .
The money in that account is supposed to be spent in that district , though it can also be transferred to an adjacent TIF district through a process called porting .
This talk was given on June 7 , 2010 , at the Mises Institute ’s Rothbard Graduate Seminar .
Tributes to Murray N. Rothbard are often taken up with a listing of his accomplishments .
This is because he was so astonishingly prolific that there seems to be many scholars with that name .
As soon as you describe him as an economist , you recall that he wrote some ten large volumes on history .
But describe him as a historian and you suddenly recall that he made large contributions to political philosophy .
But as soon as you begin talking about his libertarianism , you recall again that he wrote vast amounts of technical economic theory .
It is the same with the venues in which he chose to write .
If you look at his scholarly publications list , which is vast and expansive , you can easily forget that he wrote constantly and for 50 years in popular periodicals of every sort , commenting on politics , movies , culture , sports , and anything else in the popular scene .
The problem grows worse when you consider the major parts of his legacy .
Let me list just a few :
He was the economist who provided a bridge from Mises to the modern Austrian school , through his personal influence , articles , and especially through Man , Economy , and State , which appeared in 1963 ;
He developed the Misesian system in the areas of welfare economics , production theory , banking , monopoly theory , and tied it all together with a theory of natural rights that drew on medieval and enlightenment thought ;
He was the pioneer of libertarian theory who finally tied the principle of property rights to a consistent non-aggression principle of politics ;
He was the anti-war theorist who insisted that the cause of peace is inseparable from the dream of prosperity ;
He rescued the 19th - century American hard money school from obscurity and wove its contributions into modern banking theory ;
He demonstrated the libertarian origins of the American Revolution with the most extensive account ever of the tax strikes and prominence of libertarian theory during the Colonial Period ;
He explained the ideological upheaval that afflicted the American Right following World War II , showing the clear difference between the Old Right and the New based on the attitude toward war .
This of course only scratches the surface , but if I went on like this , I would use too many words and take up too much time , when what I would really like to discuss is Rothbard ’s methods as a researcher , writer , and scholar .
I would also like to draw attention to his heroism .
For a New Liberty : The ... Rothbard , Murray N. Best Price : $ 20.50 Buy New $ 66.60 ( as of 07:15 EST - Details )
A friend tells the story of a time when he was hanging around Rothbard ’s apartment one summer .
The conference that was coming up that weekend was mentioned , and Rothbard had forgotten about it .
Rothbard rushed to the typewriter and started writing .
The words flowed from him as if the entire paper had already been written in his head .
The result was a 60 - page paper on monetary history and theory , complete with bibliography and footnotes .
The scene was recalled to me the way miracles are described in the Gospels .
His jaw was on the floor in amazement .
The Ethics of Liberty Rothbard , Murray N. Best Price : $ 9.63 Buy New $ 19.00 ( as of 02:25 EST - Details )
The anecdote is inspiring but also intimidating for those who labor so hard to accomplish a tiny fraction of this level of productivity .
We might look at what he did and become discouraged that we could never equal his productivity in even one small sector , much less take on all of his interests in so many areas of life .
Fortunately , we do not have to .
The Rothbardian movement today is international .
It is vast .
It encompasses many sectors of life .
He has inspired historians , legal theorists , philosophers , and economists .
He is the muse of many bloggers , webmasters , editors , and essayists .
He is the inspiration of many political activists , software programmers , film makers , and novelists .
He is the model for teachers , pastors , investors , and even politicians .
And this is as it ought to be .
He set out to change the world .
He left a legacy so that millions of people in all walks of life could take up the task .
It is natural to wonder what scholar today has inherited the mantle of Rothbard .
To me this is the wrong way to look at it .
Rothbard vastly broadened that mantle so that hundreds , thousands , and millions of people can wear it .
What has replaced Rothbard is this vast network of ideas and those who champion them .
This is how ideas are transmitted .
They are not finite things that are transferred only from one brain to another and there it stops .
Instead , they spread and duplicate infinitely , landing in the hands of anyone who embraces them .
The more compelling the idea , the more it spreads and the longer it lasts .
This is the source of the power of the Rothbardian paradigm .
The Irrepressible Roth ... Murray N. Rothbard Best Price : $ 5.00 Buy New $ 7.95 ( as of 07:40 EST - Details )
At the same time , we all do well to emulate this master when we go about our work .
When Rothbard would take on a subject , his very first stop was not to sit in an easy chair and think off the top of his head .
Instead , he went to the literature and sought to master it .
He read everything he could from all points of view .
He sought to become as much an expert in the topic as the other experts in the field .
In other words , Rothbard ’s first step toward writing was to learn as much as possible .
He never stopped taking this step for his entire life .
There was never a point when he woke up feeling as if he knew all that he needed to know .
No matter how much he wrote , he was always careful to read even more .
If you follow his model , you will not regard this as an arduous task , but rather a thrilling journey .
A trip through the world of ideas is more exciting and exhilarating than the grandest excursion to the seven wonders of the world , more daring and adventurous than wild game hunting , and far more momentous than any moon shot .
Man , Economy , and Stat ... Murray N. Rothbard Best Price : $ 22.75 Buy New $ 25.00 ( as of 07:50 EST - Details )
There is another respect in which we can all emulate Murray .
He was fearless in speaking the truth .
He never let fear of colleagues , fear of the profession , fear of editors or political cultures , stand in the way of his desire to say what was true .
This is why he turned to the Austrian tradition even though most economists at the time considered it a dead paradigm .
This is why he embraced liberty , and worked to shore up its theoretical and practice rationale , at a time when the rest of the academic world was going the other way .
This fearlessness , courage , and heroism applied even in his political analysis .
He was an outspoken opponent of the U.S. nuclear buildup and militarization during the Cold War .
His opinion in that regard cost him many publication outlets .
It cost him friends .
It cost him financial supporters .
It hurt his prospects for professional advancement .
A surprising number of his articles were written for very small publications , simply because the larger ones were captives of special interests .
But time would eventually reveal that he took the right path .
Forty years of pro-Cold War writing on the Right were made irrelevant by events .
Rothbard ’s work during these years has stood the test of time .
He is seen as one of the lone prophets of the collapse of socialism in Russia and Eastern Europe .
The choices he made in life were not designed to advance his career .
They were made to advance liberty and truth .
For many years , publications were closed to him .
He did not teach in a prestigious institution .
His income was small .
Only very late in life did he begin to get his due as a thinker and teacher .
But he never complained .
He was grateful for any and every opportunity that came along to write and teach .
His legacy is now a living part of the world of ideas .
The people who tried to exclude him and write him out of history are mostly forgotten .
We call our program this week the Rothbard Graduate Seminar .
The focus is on his great work Man , Economy , and State .
In the Rothbardian tradition , the goal is to accomplish that most important first step toward making any contribution to the world of ideas : to open your mind to learn .
Once the material is mastered , the next step is to do your own thinking and be fearless in embracing what is true .
I do n’t doubt that some in this room will extend some aspect of Rothbardian political economy at some point in your lives , perhaps even this summer .
No one would be as happy about that as Rothbard .
Murray loved his teachers .
He loved books .
More than anything else , he wanted to be a teacher and leave books for you to read , all toward the goal of changing the world .
You pay him , and the cause of liberty , the highest compliment by doing just that .
The Best of Lew Rockwell
The Best of Llewellyn H. Rockwell , Jr.
Image caption
The CMS experiment will search for signs of new physics in collisions at the LHC
Scientists working on the Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) say they have moved a step closer to their aim of unlocking the mysteries of the Universe .
The world 's highest - energy particle accelerator has produced a record - breaking particle collision rate - about double the previous rate .
The collider is now generating around 10,000 particle collisions per second , according to physicist Andrei Golutvin .
The LHC is housed in a 27 km circular tunnel under the French - Swiss border .
The more collisions we get , the closer we get to supersymmetry , dark matter , the Higgs boson and other types of new physics Dr John Ellis , Cern theorist
The vast machine is operated by the European Organization for Nuclear Research ( Cern ) , based near Geneva in Switzerland .
Physicists say this marks the start of turning the LHC into the world 's most powerful particle collider .
" It 's clear that the LHC is the new boy in town , but in two years running we 're going to put Fermilab out of business , " operation group leader Mike Lamont told BBC News .
The Tevatron particle accelerator at the Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory ( Fermilab ) in Illinois , USA , is the LHC 's rival .
It has operated at higher intensities , but the current collision rate is a record for Cern .
The LHC is expected to overtake the American machine in due course .
Over the past few months , LHC engineers have slowly and carefully increased the energy and intensity of the proton beams which race around the collider 's 27 km - long " ring " .
Image caption
The LHC will aim to detect the elusive Higgs boson
This weekend , engineers smashed together two beams consisting of three " bunches " of protons particles .
For the first time , these bunches were at " nominal " intensity - the intensity the LHC was designed to work at .
This means each bunch consisted of as many as 100 billion protons .
The LHC smashed together its first two particle beams travelling at close to the speed of light in November 2009 .
At the moment , it is running at half the energy it was designed for , but the scientists aim to take the machine to the top energy of seven tera - electronvolts ( TeV ) per beam by 2013 .
Stationed around the collider 's ring are four large experiments designed to study new physics - in a bid to shed light on the secrets of our Universe .
These are Compact Muon Solenoid ( CMS ) , Atlas , Alice and LHCb , of which Dr Golutvin is chief scientist .
Scientists hope to find an elusive sub-atomic particle known as the Higgs boson , dubbed the " God particle " , which explained why matter has mass .
Nerve centre
Standing in the LHC 's main control room , the machine 's " nerve centre " , Mike Lamont explained that his team has recently achieved a record luminosity - a measure of the number of protons colliding per second .
Luminosity is key to a particle smasher 's power , he said .
More collisions means more chances of " really interesting physics , like [ finding ] the Higgs " , Dr Lamont explained .
Dr John Ellis , one of Cern 's top theoretical physicists , is among those on the hunt for the Higgs .
Dr Ellis said he was very excited by the LHC 's latest record .
" Protons are complicated particles , they 've got quarks , [ and other small particles ] , and colliding them is like colliding two garbage cans and watching carrots come out , " he told BBC News .
" The more collisions we get , the closer we get to supersymmetry , dark matter , the Higgs boson and other types of new physics . "
Image caption
The LHC main control room is based in Geneva
The theoretical physicist explained that collision rates depend on the bunch intensity - the number of protons in a bunch .
" Now we will be trying to increase the number of those bunches , and then probably in August we will spend quite a period of time just banging away and trying to get as many collisions as we can . "
The eventual aim is to reach 2,808 bunches in a beam .
The LHC team hopes to get there by 2016 .
Professor Ellis added that as the luminosity increases , one of the things physicists at Cern will be looking for is a mini- black hole .
" It would be absolutely , fantastically exciting if we produced black holes at the LHC , " he said .
" Then we would test our ideas about gravity , quantum physics , string theory .
This would be much more exciting than finding a ...
Higgs boson or even dark matter . "
A Cern report released in 2008 concluded that these mini - black holes would pose no danger , as they would vanish shortly after being made .
Scientists point out that the collisions generated by the cosmic rays which have been hitting the Earth 's atmosphere from space for billions of years can be far more energetic than those at the LHC .
Beam stability
Dr Lamont said that before stepping up the bunch intensity , scientists had to be certain the beam carrying bunches at nominal intensity was not going to become unstable .
" Up to now we 've been working with very low intensities because we did n't want to risk any damage , " he said .
On March 30 , the two beams that produced the first high - energy collisions of seven teraelectronvolts ( TeV ) contained four bunches each , but with a relatively small number of protons in each bunch .
He said that as the number of protons increased , the team had to be really careful not to lose " a high - intensity beam in an uncontrolled way " .
Image caption Visitors to Cern can see a futuristic exhibition on particle physics
" The beam has got enough energy to melt a hole in the vacuum pipe , cause a vacuum leak into the magnet and helium leak into the vacuum pipe .
It could be a real mess and would probably take us six months to repair , " said Dr Lamont .
But he said the consequences for the general public would be roughly nil .
" Standard analogy is a British aircraft carrier going at 12 knots .
Imagine it going into the Mont Blanc Bridge - it would be a real wreck , but it would not destroy half of Geneva .
" And given that this is all buried 100 m under ground , the loss of energy would be very localised and safely contained in the tunnel . "
A helium leak happened once before - in 2008 .
Shortly after the collider was first switched on , a fault with an interconnection between two magnets caused six tonnes of liquid helium to leak into the tunnel .
It took the scientists 14 months of repairs to re-launch the machine .
The LHC is located in a picturesque region of French - Swiss Alps , but Dr Lamont said the team has so far had few opportunities to get off the site and enjoy the area 's natural beauty .
" The aim over this summer now is to get into a routine , where we 're just turning the handle , delivering collisions on a regular basis to the experiments , " he said .
And this weekend 's record is the first step towards that goal , he added .
" Once we get into a routine , [ scientists on individual experiments ] can get on with their analysis , and we can gradually increase the intensity and at the same time catch our breath , go home see our families and maybe get into the mountains occasionally . "
In the past weeks and days , the KDE Community Forums staff has been working to bring new features to improve even more the user experience .
A few months ago , the staff was discussing the idea of finding a way to guide users to the most appropriate forum to post their questions or discussions .
Now , thanks also to the return in service of one of our admins ( welcome back , sayakb ! ) the feature is now being implemented , as the screenshots below will show .
Bear in mind that everything for now is running on a testing server , to make sure it does n’t break anything .
Once the tests and the implementation are complete , we ’ll integrate the feature in the forums .
How soon we are not sure , but it wo n’t be too long .
“ Help me post a topic ”
Upon logging in , you will be greeted by a new “ New Post ” button :
You can either click on the arrow to quickly post an idea for Brainstorm , a new discussion , access the “ getting started ” forum or contact the staff :
Or if you just click on the button itself , you access the guided post section :
The “ Share an idea ” and “ Chat and discuss ” buttosn will bring you to the relevant forums ( Brainstorm and Discussions and Opinions ) , while “ Ask a question ” will bring about an additional screen :
You ’ll be able to select your favorite application and you ’ll be able to post directly in the relevant forum .
Open Collaboration Services
But that ’s not all .
Thanks to the hard work of Ben Cooksley ( fellow admin and System Settings maintainer ) there is also an implementation of the Open Collaboration Services ( OCS ) , the same system that powers the well - known Get Hot New Stuff connected to OpenDesktop.org .
This will mean , in principle , that you could access forum posts and discussions in a programmatic way , using a REST API .
This opens up possibilities like Brainstorm plasmoids , other means to access the forum ( like an Akonadi resource - there ’s some ongoing work in KDE SVN ) .
If you ’re interested in testing the OCS for the forum ( or if you want to develop some kind of application that ties to the forums themselves ) , let us know on IRC ( # kde- forum on freenode ) .
Eva Håkansson dreams of building a 400 - mph streamliner motorcycle with a twist – it'll be electric .
Who 's to say she can't do it ?
She 's already built her own electric street bike , her father is a mechanical genius and her husband is the guy behind Killacycle , the quickest EV on the planet .
But we are getting a little ahead of ourselves .
First we have to go to Pikes Peak .
By way of Sweden .
Håkansson became immersed in the world of business and environmental science at Malardalen University in Sweden .
It was there that she grasped the beauty of electric vehicles .
They 're quick , they 're clean and they 're efficient .
" Electric is the most efficient way to get anywhere , " she says .
The best way to prove that was to build an EV .
The result was ElectroCat , a 100 - mph motorcycle with a 50 - mile range .
It seems a bit of a lightweight compared to a gasoline - burning bike , but it's on par with many of the e-motos running in the TTXGP and the TT Zero electric motorcycle races .
The electrified Cagiva Freccia C12R uses a 5 - kilowatt - hour lithium iron phosphate battery and a permanent magnet DC motor .
Håkansson , who 's pursuing a graduate degree in mechanical engineering at University of Denver , plans to rework ElectroCat to run in the Pikes Peak International Hill Climb .
That 's a hell of a place to test an EV – the 12.42 mile course has 156 turns and climbs from 9,390 feet to the summit at 14,110 feet .
It can tax even the best drivers in the best cars .
Håkansson hopes to be the first to do it on an electric motorcycle .
Why a motorcycle ?
" It was the cheapest way , and it required a fraction of the garage space , " she says .
It also was a no - brainer , given that her father is Sven Håkansson .
He was a championship - winning designer and rider in the 1960s .
He 's definitely old - school , his daughter says , but came out of the days when you " built your own and raced it . "
It 's a perfect ethos for today 's DIY electric motorcycle racing scene .
Sven Håkansson also knows a thing or two about e-motos , having built his own in the 1980s .
And then there 's her husband , Bill Dubé .
He 's no slouch when it comes to electric speed .
He 's the guy behind KillaCycle , an electric drag bike that does the quarter in 7.82 seconds at 168 mph .
The two of them met three years ago when Håkansson was writing a book on hybrid and electric vehicles .
( It was never translated to English from Swedish . )
She asked Dubé for permission to use a picture of KillaCycle and it went from there .
" We met at a conference in 2007 , in 2008 I moved in and we got married in 2009 , ” Håkansson says with a chuckle .
Now the two of them are collaborating on what they hope will be a record - setting 400 - mph streamliner they 'll run at Bonneville .
Land - speed racing seems like a tough gig for electrics .
Why not go racing in the TTXGP electric grand prix instead ?
" Everyone is doing it , " she says .
" That 's not fun .
We wanted to do something that had n't been done . "
And that 's how the idea of KillaJoulewas born .
By her calculations , she 'll need around 400 horsepower to make a good showing at Bonneville .
KillaCycle puts down around 500 .
She and Dubé do n't have quixotic dreams of hitting 400 mph off the bat .
The first goal is beating the 176.434 - mph pass Kent Riches made in August with the Airtech - Lightning Bolt streamliner motorcycle .
( Lightning Motorcycles has hit 166 on an electric sport bike , and the Mission One electric superbike has done 150 mph . )
There is n't much in the way of technical details at this point because it 's early in the build .
So far , they 've built the chrome - moly frame and engineered the front suspension with help from her father .
Greenstage - Tumanako is providing the motor controller , and they 've got a sponsorship deal with A123 for batteries .
KillaJoule 's pack will use the same cells you 'd find if you opened the pack on your cordless drill , but instead of 10 cells , it will use about 1,300 .
Håkansson and Dubé are n't just dabbling in greener racing .
Their tow rig and the huge Cummins Onan generator they use to recharge batteries run on biodiesel .
The forklift they picked up at a government auction is electric .
So is Dubé 's daily driver , a 1986 VW Cabriolet he converted to battery power .
" We 're trying to be green , " says Håkansson .
" It 's not easy , but we 're trying . "
The best thing about these two is their willingness to share what they know with anyone who 's interested .
Motorsports is by definition competitive , but Håkansson and Dubé have no problem showing people what they 're doing .
They 're as passionate about spreading the EV gospel as they are about going fast .
Really , really fast .
UPDATED 4 p.m. June 15 : We misidentified the school where Håkansson is pursuing a graduate degree .
She is attending the University of Denver .
Photos : Eva Håkansson
Eva Håkansson on ElectraCat , the converted Cagiva she built .
KillaCycle , the quickest EV on the planet .
The new short film Empty Handed : Responding to the Demand for Contraceptives showcases the plight of women in Uganda who want birth control but are being failed by a dysfunctional distribution system .
The average Ugandan woman will give birth to 6.7 children — that ’s the second - highest fertility rate in the world , behind only Niger .
The film , produced by Population Action International , debuted earlier this month .
Watch the trailer ( 1:45 ) :
[ vimeo http://www.vimeo.com/11909933 w=500&h=281 ]
Empty Handed Short from Population Action International on Vimeo .
Or watch the full short film ( 8:27 ) :
[ vimeo http://www.vimeo.com/11910138 w=500&h=281 ]
Empty Handed from Population Action International on Vimeo .
Then read an op -ed by the filmmaker , Nathan Golon .
And my interview with Suzanne Ehlers , president of Population Action International .
Read more about population and the option of going childfree :
Image caption West Africa has become a major transit hub for drugs to Europe
At least two tonnes of cocaine with a street value estimated at $ 1bn has been seized in The Gambia , bound for Europe .
In addition to the huge haul of drugs , the Gambian authorities have arrested a dozen suspected traffickers , and seized large quantities of cash and arms .
Gambian investigators made the first arrests then called in British agents to gather forensic evidence .
West Africa has become a major transit hub for trafficking Latin American drugs to markets in Europe .
Drugs cartels are taking advantage of the region 's poverty and weak security and judicial systems .
Agents from the UK's Serious Organised Crime Agency - the rough equivalent of the US FBI - helped discover the haul of highly concentrated cocaine behind a false wall in a warehouse basement an hour 's drive from the Gambian capital , Banjul .
Numerous revealing computer records were also found .
One investigator closely involved told the BBC : " We 're excited about this one - we 've got all the elements here . "
The BBC's Mark Doyle in Banjul says some of the Gambian officers involved in the bust are clearly pleased , if saying nothing in public for now .
No composition of the 20th century seems so inevitable as John Cage 's 4'33 " .
Like the Robert Rauschenberg white canvasses that partly inspired it , Cage 's totally silent 1952 work - intended for a single performer , closing and opening the lid of a piano at the beginning and end , respectively , of each of its three movements - seems in retrospect like a historical necessity in musical modernism : someone had to do it .
Does it matter , one wonders , that the someone happened to be Cage ?
Kyle Gann , a composer , blogger and former music reviewer for New York 's Village Voice paper , seems to think so .
No Such Thing as Silence : John Cage 's 4'33 " is a solemn justification for what many at the time ( and since ) perceived as a prank or a hoax .
Trawling through Cage 's writings and examining the score and performance of the piece , Gann elaborately reconstructs the genesis of 4'33 " in the hope of making a case for it as a serious , galvanising work in the history of music and , indeed , of the arts more generally .
Gann 's argument accepts and enlarges Cage 's own : that by reducing the performer to silence , the hierarchy between music and noise was obliterated and the ambient sounds of the world set free .
Viewed from Gann 's perspective , 4'33 " begins to look less like an unavoidable step in the progress of music and more like a necessity for Cage , who , in Gann 's view , was preparing for it his whole life - or even before he was born .
Gann follows a number of previous
Cage scholars in setting up the story nationally , placing Cage at the end of a long line of American musical eccentrics who drew inspiration from nature .
Yet the very cosmopolitan nature of Cage 's interests - Arnold Schoenberg as well as Henry Cowell ; Erik Satie as well as Henry David Thoreau - hardly squares with Gann 's suggestion of an ineluctable " Americanness " in Cage 's music and thought .
Gann struggles , too , to see 4'33 " purely as an outgrowth of Cage 's interest in Zen practice .
He notes that the younger Cage had an air of the polemical about him - he was " truculent and opinionated " , convinced of the essential wrongness of most of the institutions and musical practices around him .
According to the reflections of many of Cage 's acquaintances , his attitude changed after his well - documented turn to Zen Buddhism , from which he learned to deny his merely subjective emotional needs and open himself to the world .
But Cage 's actions suggest that his confrontational attitudes and competitive striving never left him .
He wanted to get to the silent piece before anyone else did .
A 1952 article from the New York Post , found among Cage 's personal papers , describes a student 's idea of placing silent records in jukeboxes , in order to provide relief from the constant streams of music .
Gann wonders whether Cage was n't worried about being beaten to the punch by a commercial version of his idea .
Cage certainly thought of his work as being in total opposition to commerce : his first conception of the piece , Silent Prayer , was intended as a thumbing of the nose to the Muzak corporation .
Gann 's largely biographical accounting of all the materials that Cage drew on when conceiving 4'33 " leaves little room for scepticism , of which there has understandably been quite a lot .
He quotes some disgruntled commenters on the BBC website , responding to a 2004 performance of 4'33 " by the BBC Symphony Orchestra , who found the piece " absolutely ridiculous " , one that " smacks of arrogance and self - importance " .
Gann does n't stop to consider these judgements , even if their familiarity suggests they should be taken seriously .
Cage himself appears to have been extremely concerned about such a reaction - so much so that he warned potential audience members about what they were about to experience .
When the piece finally premiered at a theatre near Woodstock in New York State , it received polite applause .
Gann compares the event to the premiere of Stravinsky 's The Rite of Spring ; though he seems to forget that The Rite of Spring was greeted not by applause , but by a riot .
Cage 's audience , by contrast , was so thoroughly anaesthetised by knowingness that it forgot to be shocked .
So , for that reason , it 's hard to swallow Gann 's claim that 4'33 " blurred the distinction between art and life .
Nothing does more to cement the authority of the
composer ( or his compositions ) than gathering a group of people together in a concert hall and commanding them to listen to the sounds around them .
In refusing to speculate about the reasons for the heated reception of 4'33 " outside the concert hall , Gann takes it for granted that what matters most about a piece of music is how it is made , and not how it is performed or received .
The result is that he strips 4 '33 " of many of the qualities that made it daring .
With Gann so intent on turning the piece into a hallowed icon of seriousness , one turns with relief to those outraged BBC listeners .
For if 4 '33 " has any importance at all , theirs are the kinds of reactions that register it .
No Such Thing as Silence : John Cage's 4'33 "
Kyle Gann
Yale University Press , 272 pp , £ 16.99
Nikil Saval is an assistant editor of n+1
A Nelson mother with a vendetta against a vulnerable mentally impaired man has been jailed for setting him up by falsely telling the police the man had sexually assaulted her daughter .
Tracee Marie Deane , a 39 - year - old mother , was jailed yesterday for two years and eight months for her part in the hoax , which Judge Tony Zohrab said was an attack on " the heart of the justice system " .
Four of the five children Deane is mother and stepmother to were in court for the sentencing and sobbed as their mother was led away .
Judge Zohrab said Deane 's offending was serious and it must have been very frightening for her impaired victim who was arrested , held in the police cells and released on strict jail conditions as a result of the false claims .
Deane earlier admitted one charge of conspiring to bring a false accusation and other charges , including two charges of using a document to obtain a pecuniary advantage and two charges of theft .
Judge Zohrab said on May 7 last year that Deane and her daughter were at the Nelson Public Library using the computers with a friend .
The victim , who lived in community flats , was also using the library 's computers , but left the library about 10.15 am .
A history of animosity existed between Deane and the victim .
Deane , her daughter and friend also left the library and on a drive to Stoke discussed how they could set up the victim .
The trio returned to the library and , after a short while , Deane 's daughter phoned the police and told them the victim had grabbed both her breasts from behind and had also groped her through her clothes .
Deane told the police she heard her daughter screaming and saw the victim pulling his hands off her daughter .
The Deanes ' friend also made a statement supporting the allegations .
As a result of the three statements , the victim was arrested and charged with indecent assault , which he denied .
However , after watching the library 's security - camera footage , the police became concerned about the allegations .
The police reinterviewed the Deanes ' friend , who was also mentally impaired and told officers Deane had told him to lie about the incident because she hated the victim .
Judge Zohrab said Deane 's daughter also admitted lying about the assault at the encouragement of her mother and the charges of indecent assault were dropped .
The victim was angry at being set up and not being believed by the police , he said .
Deane 's daughter , who Judge Zohrab said lied to the police about the attack under Deane 's encouragement , was last year sentenced to five months ' home detention for her part in the hoax .
Deane 's lawyer , Wayne Jones , said Deane had only offended in the past two years , which she blamed on mixing with the wrong people , but she no longer associated with them .
Judge Zohrab said he was unable to give Deane a jail sentence of less than two years , which would allow her to qualify for home detention , because of the serious nature of her offending .
Deane had also committed other dishonesty offences against vulnerable victims , including stealing money from a woman in a community home .
Deane 's husband , Darren Deane , said yesterday his wife had been " slammed with a jail sentence " out of proportion to her offending and her jail sentence would be incredibly hard on the family .
The youngest child was 11 .
" My wife is not a threat to society .
She was only a menace . "
He believed his wife had been set up to make the false accusation .
He said the only reason his wife did not like the victim was because her daughter " got tangled up with him " .
Estoy completamente a favor de permitir el matrimonio entre católicos .
Me parece una injusticia y un error tratar de impedírselo .
El catolicismo no es una enfermedad .
Los católicos , pese a que a muchos no les gusten o les parezcan extraños , son personas normales y deben poseer los mismos derechos que los demás , como si fueran , por ejemplo , informáticos u homosexuales .
Soy consciente de que muchos comportamientos y rasgos de carácter de las personas católicas , como su actitud casi enfermiza hacia el sexo , pueden parecernos extraños a los demás .
Sé que incluso , a veces , podrían esgrimirse argumentos de salubridad pública , como su peligroso y deliberado rechazo a los preservativos .
Sé también que muchas de sus costumbres , como la exhibición pública de imágenes de torturados , pueden incomodar a algunos .
Pero esto , además de ser más una imagen mediática que una realidad , no es razón para impedirles el ejercicio del matrimonio .
Algunos podrían argumentar que un matrimonio entre católicos no es un matrimonio real , porque para ellos es un ritual y un precepto religioso ante su dios , en lugar de una unión entre dos personas .
También , dado que los hijos fuera del matrimonio están gravemente condenados por la Iglesia , algunos podrían considerar que permitir que los católicos se casen incrementará el número de matrimonios por “ el qué dirán ” o por la simple búsqueda de sexo ( prohibido por su religión fuera del matrimonio ) , incrementando con ello la violencia en el hogar y las familias desestructuradas .
Pero hay que recordar que esto no es algo que ocurra sólo en las familias católicas y que , dado que no podemos meternos en la cabeza de los demás , no debemos juzgar sus motivaciones .
Por otro lado , el decir que eso no es matrimonio y que debería ser llamado de otra forma no es más que una manera un tanto ruin de desviar el debate a cuestiones semánticas que no vienen al caso : aunque sea entre católicos , un matrimonio es un matrimonio , y una familia es una familia .
Y con esta alusión a la familia paso a otro tema candente sobre el que mi opinión , espero , no resulte demasiado radical : también estoy a favor de permitir que los católicos adopten hijos .
Algunos se escandalizarán ante una afirmación de este tipo .
Es probable que alguno responda con exclamaciones del tipo “ ¿Católicos adoptando hijos ?
¡ Esos niños podrían hacerse católicos ! ” .
Veo ese tipo de críticas y respondo : si bien es cierto que los hijos de católicos tienen mucha mayor probabilidad de convertirse a su vez en católicos ( al contrario que , por ejemplo , ocurre en la informática o la homosexualidad ) , ya he argumentado antes que los católicos son personas como los demás .
Pese a las opiniones de algunos y a los indicios , no hay pruebas evidentes de que unos padres católicos estén peor preparados para educar a un hijo , ni de que el ambiente religiosamente sesgado de un hogar católico sea una influencia negativa para el niño .
Además , los tribunales de adopción juzgan cada caso individualmente , y es precisamente su labor determinar la idoneidad de los padres .
En definitiva , y pese a las opiniones de algunos sectores , creo que debería permitírseles también a los católicos tanto el matrimonio como la adopción .
Exactamente igual que a los informáticos y a los homosexuales .
Este apoyo al matrimonio entre católicos circula por Internet y gana adhesiones que se cuentan de a cientos .
Image caption Fannie Mae plays a key role in the US housing sector
US mortgage finance firm Fannie Mae has asked for another $ 8.4bn ( £ 5.6 bn ) in state aid after announcing further big losses .
The company said it lost $ 13.1 bn in the first three months of the year as it continues to suffer the effects of the financial crisis .
That is down from the $ 16.3 bn loss it reported for the last quarter of 2009 .
But the continued fragility of the US economy and mortgage market meant it still needed government support .
The US government took control of the two mortgage funding giants - Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac - in 2008 .
The companies buy mortgages from approved lenders and sell them on - making them especially vulnerable to the collapse in the US mortgage market that sparked the crisis in the banking sector .
So far the government has contributed $ 83.6 bn to the bail - out of Fannie Mae .
The cost of bailing out both institutions now totals nearly $ 145 bn - but is expected to total much more .
Fannie
Mae said it saw " no end in sight " for government financial assistance .
Earlier this month , Freddie Mac asked for a further $ 8bn , saying that the US housing market remained fragile .
The stink of exhaust , the mind - numbing tedium of traffic , parking lots blighting central city real estate .
The urban sins of the automobile are numerous indeed .
As more people move to cities and gain the economic wherewithal to purchase an automobile , will we be increasingly dependent on cars for our transportation and status symbols ?
A new thought experiment on display at the Center for Architecture in New York City offers an alternative vision for the cities of 2030 .
By that time , more than 60 percent of humanity — five billion people — may live in cities .
The architects recommend careful use of express bus rapid transit — the cheapest public transportation option — and increased capacity for bicyclists and pedestrians .
That may help alleviate problems like highways blocking access to waterfront in cityscapes from Ahmedabad to Rio de Janeiro .
For example , in China simply expanding the city of Guangzhou 's bus rapid transit system , which already carries 800,000 passengers a day , could help re-create what used to be a vibrant shopping district before an elevated highway shrouded it in gloom .
Some form of the automobile will likely be around in 2030 , but that does n't mean we have to build our cities for its comfort instead of ours .
— David Biello
Women in Grozny , the capital of the predominantly Muslim region of Chechnya , said on Friday that several times this month the police had fired paintball pellets at them for not wearing head scarves .
The attacks , which outraged activists , highlight tension over efforts by Chechnya ’s Moscow - backed leader , Ramzan Kadyrov , to enforce Muslim - inspired rules that in some cases violate Russia ’s Constitution .
A spokesman for the Interior Ministry , which handles the police force , would not comment .
Critics say that in return for keeping relative calm in Chechnya , the site of two separatist wars with Moscow since the mid-1990s , the Kremlin allows Mr. Kadyrov to run it like a personal fiefdom and lets him impose his vision of Islam , which includes periodic bans on alcohol and making women cover their heads in state buildings .
Ice ice baby ... how four days in a deep freeze kept little Finley 's heart beating
It looks positively cruel .
Baby Finley Burton lies paralysed on a freezing hospital bed in nothing but a nappy , hooked up to a bewildering array of machines .
But such harsh treatment ultimately saved the little boy 's life .
Finley 's tiny body was ' frozen ' to try to bring his erratic heartbeat under control after a heart operation .
It took four days for him to recover - an agony of waiting for his mother Donna Link - Emery and father Aaron Burton , 31 , who just wanted to gather their little boy up for a warming hug .
Miss Link - Emery , 27 , said : ' It was very frightening .
We thought we were going to lose him .
His heart was beating really quickly and we prayed he would survive . '
The couple , from Easington , County Durham , took Finley to the doctor when he was ten weeks old because he was not putting on much weight and had breathing difficulties .
Donna Link - Emery cuddles her son Finley Burton after his amazing recovery from a heart operation
He was immediately transferred to University Hospital of North Durham .
' I had a normal pregnancy and nothing was picked up on any of my scans so I was expecting it to be a routine visit , ' said Miss Link - Emery .
But the consultant who checked her son's heart thought he could hear a murmur and sent him for an echocardiogram , also known as cardiac ultrasound .
He also had an electrocardiogram , which measures electrical activity in the heart , and an X -ray .
The tests showed Finley had a large hole at the top of his heart and a small one at the bottom .
He was transferred the following day to Freeman Hospital in Newcastle where staff also discovered an aortic coarctation , a congenital condition in which the heart 's main artery narrows .
The condition meant that his heart was working at 200 beats per minute .
This had made him breathless and too tired to eat properly , while the few calories he could take on were used up by the hard work of the heart and lungs .
Finley underwent two emergency operations a month ago , when he was 16 weeks old , to block the larger hole and correct the faulty artery but experienced complications when he came round .
His heart went into junctional ectopic tachycardia , a rapid beat which can be fatal , and doctors decided to lower his temperature to 33.4 c to stabilise the organ .
Normally , a baby 's temperature is around 37c .
The process involved placing his body in a ' cool bag ' , through which cold air was pumped to keep his temperature down .
This reduced his metabolism which in turn slowed his heart rate .
He was then placed on a cooling blanket .
Heart defects explained
Congenital heart disease is a general term used to refer to a group of 30 different types of heart defects that are present at birth .
The condition affects six out of every 1,000 births in the UK .
Common symptoms include breathlessness , fainting and fatigue .
Half of all babies born with congenital heart disease will require immediate surgery after birth , while the other 50 % tend to require surgery or medication at some point during their childhood .
Finley was also hooked up to an external pacemaker and intravenous drugs were used to paralyse him to make sure he did n't disturb the equipment by shivering .
' It was all so sudden and upsetting .
Nothing at all prepares you for seeing your baby in hospital like that .
I just cried , ' said Miss Link - Emery .
' Then he was gradually weaned out of his paralysis and his temperature was brought back to normal and his heart started to beat properly again . '
Finley spent another 12 days in hospital before he was allowed to go home and is now recovering well , although he needs check - ups every eight weeks .
His mother added : ' We were told he may have to be in hospital for six weeks , so we were stunned when they said he could leave so quickly .
Now he 's doing really well and has already put on lots of weight . '
Asif Hasan , the surgeon who operated on Finley , said : ' After heart surgery the heart rate often goes up because of the stress of the operation .
You have to cool patients down to get a normal heart rate again .
' Finley had a big operation for such a small baby and we 're really pleased with how well he did . '
Finley 's family is raising money for Freeman Hospital 's Children 's Heart United Fund .
Anyone wishing to donate to the fund can visit www.justgiving.com/Donna-Link-Emery
Facebook , MySpace and several other social - networking sites have been sending data to advertising companies that could be used to find consumers ' names and other personal details , despite promises they do n't share such information without consent .
The practice , which most of the companies defended , sends user names or ID numbers tied to personal profiles being viewed when users click on ads .
After questions were raised by The Wall Street Journal , Facebook and MySpace moved to make changes .
By Thursday morning Facebook had ...
Yes , the actual game never looks this good .
That 's how it 's always been with Gran Turismo , and it's how it will be with Gran Turismo 5 .
Just think of these as great pictures and we 'll get along just fine .
Advertisement
These shots highlight the game 's Italian and Spanish tracks , the Top Gear test track from the famous BBC TV show , damage modelling , flips and the new " day to night " transition and lighting effects present in Gran Turismo 5 .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
SHANGHAI 
The cost of doing business in China is going up .
Coastal factories are increasing hourly payments to workers .
Local governments are raising minimum wage standards .
And if China allows its currency , the renminbi , to appreciate against the United States dollar later this year , as many economists are predicting , the relative cost of manufacturing in China will almost certainly rise .
The salaries of factory workers in China are still low compared to those in the United States and Europe : the hourly wage in southern China is only about 75 cents an hour .
But economists say wage increases here will eventually ripple through the global economy , driving up the prices of goods as diverse as T - shirts , sneakers , computer servers and smartphones .
“ For a long time , China has been the anchor of global disinflation , ” said Dong Tao , an economist at Credit Suisse , referring to how the two - decade - long shift to manufacturing in China helped many global companies lower costs and prices .
“ But this may be the beginning of the end of an era . ”
The shift was illustrated Sunday , when Foxconn Technology , one of the world ’s largest contract electronics manufacturers and the maker of well - known products that include Apple iPhones and Dell computer parts , said that it was planning to double the salaries of many of its 800,000 workers in China , beginning in October .
The new monthly average would be 2,000 renminbi  about $ 300 , at current exchange rates .
This important pamphlet looks closely at the fundamental conflicts between anarchism and primitivism .
It traces primitivism 's basic precepts back to their authoritarian roots , reveals primitivist misconceptions about anarchism , capitalism and technology , shows how the corporate media have used primitivism to discredit anarchism , and also shows how ideology - driven primitivists , much like fundamentalist Christians opposed to evolution , have picked through anthropological evidence to support their predetermined conclusions , while ignoring data that contradict those conclusions .
Sheppard also considers the many primitivist straw - man attacks upon anarchism , and asks :
What kind of an anarchist movement do we want - one that looks often ugly , authoritarian social reality in the eye , with the aim of transforming it into something something that will lead to freer , happier lives for all of us on planet Earth , or one that wastes its time fantasizing about a non-existent Golden Age , and that would result in the deaths of billions if its precepts were followed ?
This pamphlet was originally published by See Sharp Press , Tucson , Arizona , USA , 2003 .
It has been digitised by libcom.org with full permission of the publisher .
Any errors in formatting or spelling are solely our own .
Vegas Crest Casino is back with a brand new look and to celebrate they are welcoming all new casino lovers with an incredible 20 Free Spins no deposit and up to € 1000 in Match Welcome Bonus .
New players should make use of the Vegas Crest Casino no deposit bonus codes and promotions .
Claim Bonus
There have been angry scenes at the sentencing of an HIV positive Sydney taxi driver who raped three women .
In sentencing Hassan Nagi to at least nine - and - a- half years jail , District Court Judge James Bennett described his behaviour as predatory and a breach of his victims ' trust .
The 39 - year - old pleaded guilty to raping three female passengers aged 31 , 23 and 27 between 2003 and 2007 .
Two of the women were heavily intoxicated and on their way home at night .
The court heard Nagi is now HIV positive but that there is no proof he had HIV when he raped the women .
His lawyer said he believes he contracted the virus from a dental surgery .
However the judge noted that he did not use a condom on any of his victims and that the risk of infection by a dentist was very low .
Nagi had previously admitted using prostitutes from the age of 20 .
Lawyers for Nagi , who is from Bexley in Sydney 's south , had argued he suffered a condition called Don Juanism , or " a man 's equivalent of nymphomania " which made him addicted to sex .
But the Judge spoke of the driver 's lack of respect for women .
He said his offences were serious and had an element of pre-meditation because he drove the women to out of the way places .
He said Nagi abused his position of trust as a taxi driver .
Two of his victims were in court .
Hassan Nagi held up a photo of his children and yelled at the media after he was sentenced .
" I swear on my kids you are going to be shocked .
Put the date down that I am going to be released .
You will get a big shock , " he said .
His mother yelled , " He 's innocent " .
Nagi was given a maximum sentence of 13 years and 10 months .
He will be eligible for parole in October 2018 .
Outside Downing Centre District Court Nagi's mother said , " My son is very healthy " .
She had an angry exchange with a member of the public who shouted , " Would you like it if it was your daughter ? "
The following typical Russian food can be found in every Russian store .
Eating it you may save your money and improve your health .
Beetroots
Beetroots contain iodine most of all the vegetables .
This fact explains its positive influence on thyroid gland .
Besides , this vegetable contains such minerals as calcium , potassium , magnesium , zinc and iron as well as vitamins A , C , B1 , B 6 , E and PP .
Bilberries
A lot of people know that bilberries can make the retina stronger , but this is not the only useful effect .
US Ministry of Agriculture made a research which proved that bilberries are rich in antioxidants as well as grapes and red wine .
To sense all these positive effects one should eat half a glass of fresh or frozen bilberries a day or 2 cups of bilberry yogurt .
Cabbage
The main advantage of cabbage is a large content of manganese and Omega - 3 fatty acids .
Besides , cabbage contains a lot of food fibre necessary for good digestion .
Cabbage is also considered a foodstuff with “ negative calorie content ” as human organism receives less energy with the cabbage than it spends to process it .
Cranberries
Cranberries are one of the most nutritious berries and an excellent means for various infections including respiratory ones .
Pumpkin
Bright orange color of pumpkin is the evidence of large content of beta- carotene , an antioxidant which provides the human body with vitamin A , helping skin cell renewal and is good for eyes .
The people who want to lose weight should eat pumpkin more often .
100 g of this extremely useful vegetable contain just 25 kilo calories .
Hazelnut
Hazelnut might be called the most “ Russian ” and available among all types of nuts .
It should be noticed by the people who want to lose weight .
Hazelnut is rich in fats which do n’t let to gain weight but is very good for vessels and heart .
Hazelnut is good when one is hungry or rather tired , it strengthens heart and provides vitamin E necessary for healthy hair .
Black Chokeberry
Black chokeberries combine vitamins C , P, A , B , E and K as well as carotene , copper and iron .
Black chokeberries are very good strengthening your immune system .
Besides , chokeberries can raise vessels tone and low down the blood pressure .
The chokeberries should be poured with boiling water and in two days just have 2 - 3 times a day before meals .
The chokeberries might also be grinded with sugar to preserve vitamins better .
1 kg of berries is mixed with hot ( but not boiling ) syrup made of 1 liter water and 2 kg sugar .
In 2 minutes the syrup is poured out and the berries are mashed by a spoon .
Last spring , researchers confirmed that brown fat — the kind that burns energy rather than storing it and is especially prevalent in newborns — can be found in small pockets in adults , too , and slimmer adults have more of it .
This spring , a team says it might have found one of the first steps in activating that fat - burning fat in adults .
Their study comes out in Science this week .
Brown fat is packed with energy - producing mitochondria , and babies have a lot of it because it helps them keep warm .
Once humans begin to regulate their own body temperature they do n't need as much brown fat anymore , so it gets replaced by energy - storing white fat , which helps store energy but leads to expanded waistlines in this age of affluence .
Testing on mice , the team led by Stephan Herzig upped the use of an enzyme called cyclooxygenase - 2 ( COX - 2 ) .
While the enzyme plays a role in many physiological functions , the researchers found that pushing it in mice could induce their white fat to act more like energy - burning brown fat , and their weight dropped by around 20 percent .
" There has been a lot of excitement around brown fat , but ... there was n't any clear indication that turning up brown fat would make animals lose weight , " says Chad Cowan , a professor in the Department of Stem Cell and Regenerative Biology at Harvard Medical School who studies fat cell development .
" What this paper does is make a good link to something that might be clinically beneficial [ TIME ] .
Do n't get too excited just yet .
This is a test on mice , not people , and there 's another problem :
This transformation in the animals , white fat acting like brown fat , happened only when Herzig and his colleagues tricked the mice 's bodies into thinking they were at a colder temperature than they actually were :
That caveat is important because the COX - 2 enzyme is present in a wide range of body tissues , and revving up its activity may lead to some serious side effects such as clotting problems , increased sensitivity to pain and even muscle abnormalities .
Herzig found that manipulating the COX - 2 pathway switched white fat to brown fat in the mice only when he simulated cold temperatures through metabolic tweaks — dilating small blood vessels and increasing the pumping of the heart — and made the rodents act as if they were shivering [ TIME ] .
So Herzig 's team has only just started to figure out how humans might take advantage of our tiny brown fat deposits to battle our ever - growing white fat deposits .
But , he says , if we find a way to do it that does n't involve the weird side effects , it might not take much brown fat to make a difference .
Scientists estimate that as little as 50 grams of brown adipose tissue in a normal adult human would be enough to increase energy consumption by 20 percent .
" That 's not a lot of brown fat , but a big increase in energy burn , " said Herzig .
" And this type of transplantation idea has been tried out with other types of animals and other types of cells , so in principle it works " [ Reuters ] .
Related Content : DISCOVER : The Fat That Can Make You Thin
DISCOVER : Killer Fat
80 beats : A New Potential Weight - Loss Remedy : Fat -Burning Fat
80 beats : " Baby Fat " In Adults Burns Regular Fat , May Help Prevent Diabetes
Image : Colorado State University
Well , of course .
What else would one put in a Hello Kitty Ferrari ?
This product is allegedly on sale in Japan for ¥ 2980 .
I hear that it improves cutepower by 12 % .
Link via CrunchGear | Photo : New Launches
Android users can finally give out shrieks of joy .
Not because the Android phone is great , but because it just got BETTER .
Adobe Flash has finally arrived on the Android platform .
Here ’s a snub to the iPhone right in its face .
Adobe has finally released Adobe Flash Player 10.1 for the Android platform and things have never looked better before .
The release of the Flash player for the Android platform can be the result of the tensions escalating between Adobe and Apple .
Since Apple has straight away declined the usage of the Flash in its devices and gadgets , due to the claim of it being high resource hog and not secure enough .
The release of the Adobe Flash Player for Android coincides with the Google ’s release of the Android ’s 2.2 ( FroYo ) at the Google I/O Conference in San Francisco .
The Flash Player version 10.1 was completely overhauled and redesigned from scratch for the Android platform specifically .
The player was designed such that it would support various mobile device inputs and at the same time optimize performance and overall battery throughput .
Just to prove Apple ’s allegations of Flash not being able to support multi- touch gestures and the fancy stuff that Apple likes to implement in it ’s devices , Adobe seems to have gone the extra mile to make sure that the Flash player for the Android platform supports Multi - touch , various gestures , Smart Zooming , Accelerometer Inputs , and much more that basically differentiates the smart phone from the desktops .
Adobe Flash 10.1 seems to be quite serious regarding its performance .
It has incorporated hardware acceleration with H.264 video decoding , Sleep Mode ( which slows down the Flash Player , incase the Android phone goes into Screensaver Mode ) and also an Advanced Memory Management system , which decreases RAM usage by an astounding 50 % !
Adobe claims that the player works with all the major chip and mobile platform players , which includes Intel , Qualcomm , Nvidia , ARM and AMD ) .
There is a single flaw in the player at the moment .
The player is supported on the Android OS 2.2 and above only .
Which makes the older model Android phones wo n’t be supporting the Flash player anytime soon .
Adobe Flash player ’s performance cannot be quite understated as yet , simply because the release of the Flash Player 10.1 for the Android platform has created a major significance over the last few months only because of the basic reason of Apple ’s ban of the Flash Player over the iPhone and the iPad devices .
Apple wanted to bar any kind of relationship with Adobe .
Many say that Apple may be working on an alternative to Adobe ’s Flash Player , which would be its own proprietary software , forcing all the users to use their development kits to build applications for the iPhone or iTouch or even the iPad .
Due to the Apple ’s decision to stay away from Flash , it has created huge rifts over the developers , whether they should completely leave Flash in place of HTML5 .
Only time will tell what comes out at the end .
Here ’s a video showing the Working of the Adobe Flash Player for the Android Platform :
Posted by Gail the Actuary on April 22 , 2010 - 10:26 am in The Oil Drum : Campfire
My 28 year old son recently remarked to me that a big reason why the layout of cities in the United States is so different from that in Europe is because of a difference in zoning laws .
I am not sure how major a reason zoning is , but it would seem to be a contributing factor .
Many of the zoning laws in the United States were developed when there was abundant cheap oil , so the laws encouraged wide separation among uses -- not thinking that this might not always be a good idea , if oil would eventually be in short supply .
Even beyond zoning laws , in some cities of the US , there are subdivision laws as well , which add additional requirements -- what color you can repaint your house , whether you can have a clothes line ( No ! ) , and how frequently your lawn must be mowed .
In the suburbs of Atlanta where I live , subdivision laws are popular -- especially in neighborhoods with the more expensive , newer homes .
I am wondering whether it might not be helpful to get these zoning and subdivision laws changed .
It seems like in order to do this , " peak oil " and " sustainability " folks would need to act as catalysts in their communities .
If this could be done , I expect the biggest impact would be with respect to already built properties -- whether homeowners can operate a business out of their garage , or rent rooms to others , and how they can use their yards .
Also , what alternate uses vacant business properties can be used for .
Longer term , there may be a possibility of developing combined business - residential use properties , although financing additional development now might be a problem .
I am hoping that readers can add their thoughts regarding this issue .
National Covid -19 Survey
The Center is conducting a national survey to understand jurisdictional approaches to the pandemic in four areas : ( 1 ) Attorney - Client Communications , ( 2 ) Court Hearings , ( 3 ) Child Safety , Placement and Services , and ( 4 ) Visitation and Case Work Contacts .
The survey also seeks input on roles and responsibilities during the pandemic .
Please take the survey before it closes September 1 , 2020 .
Welcome to the Persons Unknown Wiki
Community content is available under CC - BY - SA unless otherwise noted .
The Senate unemployment bill founders
Before talking about what 's happened to the Senate jobs bill , it 's worth first talking about what 's in the Senate jobs bill .
The biggest and most important item is the extension of unemployment insurance .
This comes in a few different parts :
One part extends the insurance programs that deal with the long - term unemployed .
Another extends the $ 25 boost to unemployment insurance checks that we 've had in place since the beginning of the recession .
And a third allows workers who find part - time work but need full - time work to remain eligible for some unemployment benefits .
Then there 's the extension of the federal government 's program to help states pay for Medicaid costs .
During recessions , more people need Medicaid , which increases the program 's cost , but state revenues drop , which reduces their ability to pay for the program .
So the federal government , which can run temporary deficits , steps in and increases the share of the program 's costs that it pays .
This bill extends that program .
The bill also includes another temporary fix to Medicare 's doctor payments .
The bill also has a raft of tax cuts and investments , including billions for the Small Business Administration to offer more loans to small businesses , bonds to fund infrastructure development , money to encourage private - sector R&D. and more .
A full list of the bill 's provisions , and its subsequent modifications , can be found here .
Those modification documents are important , because Democrats have made a lot of changes to the bill in response to Republican opposition .
The total cost went from $ 200 billion to about $ 110 billion .
The bill went from being deficit - funded -- which is what you want for stimulus -- to largely paid for , with only the $ 30 billion or so in unemployment benefits adding to the deficit .
The $ 25 addition to unemployment checks was eliminated , and states now have to pay more for Medicaid , adding to their budget woes .
The bill , in other words , has been made smaller and weaker .
And that 's despite 9.7 percent unemployment .
And still , it looks like Democrats might lose the vote today .
And when I say " lose the vote , " I do n't mean that a majority of the Senate will vote against it .
I mean that 58 senators , rather than 60 , will support the legislation .
All Republicans , and possibly Ben Nelson , appear to remain opposed .
And why not ?
The less that Democrats appear to be doing on jobs -- and the fewer jobs that Democrats actually create -- the better Republicans will do in November .
Substantial compromises on the bill have n't brought any new votes , and that 's in part because Republicans see no political upside in passing the legislation .
As Adobe Flash and Microsoft Silverlight duke it out over their plugin - based , HTML - alternative web platforms , Apple is using Gianduia , its new a client - side , standards based framework for Rich Internet Apps , to create production quality online apps for its retail users .
Apple introduced Gianduia last summer at WOWODC ( World of WebObjects Developer Conference ) , an independent event scheduled near the company 's own WWDC event in June .
It is likely that more information will surface at this year 's WOWODC and WWDC events .
Gianduia , named after an Italian hazelnut chocolate , is " essentially is browser - side Cocoa ( including CoreData ) +
WebObjects , written in JavaScript by non-js - haters , " according to a tweet by developer Jonathan " Wolf " Rentzsch .
" Jaw dropped . "
After watching the NDA demo
Apple gave for the new framework at WOWODC last year , Rentzch also tweeted , " Blown away by Gianduia .
Cappuccino , SproutCore and JavascriptMVC have serious competition .
Serious . "
A variety of frameworks for building rich apps using web standards
SproutCore is the JavaScript framework Apple uses to build the web interface for its desktop - like MobileMe web apps .
Cappuccino is another third party JavaScript framework that works as a Cocoa - like API for web apps ; it was used to deliver 280 Slides , a web app designed to provide most of the functionality of Apple 's Keynote desktop application .
JavascriptMVC is also an independent open source project used to develop rich apps within JavaScript for web deployment .
Like Cappuccino , Gianduia takes a Cocoa - inspired name ( Cocoa is itself a Java - inspired name ) to describe its role as a way for Cocoa developers to bring their skills to rich online applications built using web standards , with no need for a proprietary web plugin like Flash or Silverlight .
While the emerging new support for Rich Internet App features in HTML5 is often pitted competitively against Flash , Gianduia , SproutCore and related frameworks demonstrate that sophisticated web apps are already possible using existing web standards and without web plugins .
Apple Retail has actually already been using Gianduia to create web app clients ( which plug into the company 's WebObjects - based services ) , for a variety of popular programs over the last several months , including its One - to - One program , iPhone reservation system , and its Concierge service for Genius Bar reservations and Personal Shopping ( shown below ) programs .
On page 2 of 2 : Adobe running out of AIR .
Adobe running out of AIR
While Adobe 's Flash was once considered an essential tool for supporting animation , interactivity , video playback , and rich app development on the web , a variety of advances are chipping away at every corner of the plugin 's platform , delivering the potential for better performance and security while jettisoning reliance upon Adobe to deliver cross-platform playback tools and singlehandedly advance the web 's future capabilities .
Video :
Three years ago , Apple prompted Google 's YouTube service to support the new iPhone and Apple TV using direct downloads of H.264 videos , rather than only serving H.263 / Sorenson Spark files wrapped in Flash , a standard that Google had adopted toward the end of 2005 .
A flood of mass migrations toward H.264 video encoding have resulted , enabling Flash - free devices to play videos from an increasing number of sources including Brighcove , Vimeo , ABC , CBS , and Ooyala .
Animation and interactivity :
While plugins like Flash and Silverlight excel at drawing graphics within an embedded zone of a webpage in ways that are far more difficult to do in standard HTML , HTML5 now offers a sophisticated Canvas element that can be used to support web games and other sophisticated graphics directly within the HTML itself .
That means videos and graphics are part of the web pages ' Document Object Model ( DOM ) , and can be animated , manipulated and styled with Cascading Style Sheet transforms that can scale , rotate and move objects around the page or warp them into 3D planes .
Flash objects are stuck in their own context , and can't easily integrate with the rest of the web page nor other embedded Flash objects on the page .
Rich apps : Adobe 's solution to Rich Internet Apps takes Flash and extends it into an application framework that provides a write once , run anywhere solution similar to Sun 's client - side Java .
Microsoft has similarly positioned Silverlight as its solution to building apps for both the web and its upcoming smartphone platform .
In contrast , Apple 's reliance upon JavaScript frameworks means that Rich Internet Apps created with SproutCore or Gianduia , or interactive media created using its alternative lightweight frameworks for building native - looking web apps for iPhone ( PastryKit ) , iPad ( AdLib ) and interactive content within iTunes or Apple TV ( Tune Kit ) do not require any proprietary plugins from Apple to work .
Performance : Additionally , as browser vendors enhance and optimize their JavaScript performance ( as Apple , Google , Mozilla and Opera have been doing ) , those rich apps will all run better across the board .
In contrast , content designed for Flash or Silverlight is dependent upon Adobe or Microsoft delivering timely plugin updates , and being interested in supporting various alternative platforms .
HTML5 is already delivering comparable performance to Flash , despite being Flash having a nearly five year head start in optimizing its performance .
By Evert Cilliers ( aka Adam Ash )
Just because Martin Luther King and Jesse Jackson were trail - blazing agents of progressive passion who could stir red blood with a goodly speech , people took one look at Barack Obama and thought : here comes another one .
Turns out he 's a non-ideological pragmatist , and now progressives are disappointed .
Madly , mightily , miserably : right down to their sternums at the innermost center where herpes viruses go to hibernate — like a Sartrean disillusioned with Heidegger because he was a Nazi , or a Catholic stricken that the Pope — God 's Embodiment on Earth — could ever have enabled the hallowed priestly tradition of mass child rape .
If you 're progressive , you should n't be disappointed in Obama .
You should be disappointed in yourself .
Because you 've been blinder than Oedipus .
Your high hopes were built on cocoa puffs .
Not ONCE in his entire political life has Obama taken any position that was n't totally and triangulatingly Clintonesque .
In fact , he 's such a triangulator , he likes giving the impression he 's almost sorry to be doing something his enemies do n't want him to do .
Look at him still coddling the Republicans , like some Big Mama nursing a bawling infant .
If he were Hillary , he 'd call them a bunch of lying loudmouth braindead rightwing conspirators on their way to oblivion , and be done with them .
Sure , Obama seemed to sport progressive cred because he was against the Iraq War .
But remember , this is what he said : “ I 'm not against all wars .
I 'm just against dumb wars . ”
You did n't have to be a genius progressive to be against the Iraq war ; it was a plain - to - see dumb Vietnam War Two .
As the burliest bully among nations , we 're dumb enough to think our patriotism is best expressed in killing foreigners .
We are a naturally war - like people , like the Mongols or the Zulus .
Being anti-war in America does n't make you progressive .
It just means you 're not a total oaf .
It means you 're slightly out - of - tune with most Americans , who think our troops are heroes , when all they are is misguided , poor youngsters trained to be serial killers .
1. TOADY OBAMA
Obama is not a total oaf , but he does believe our troops are heroes , and he 's put 30,000 more of them at risk in Afghanistan to prop up the world 's biggest and most corrupt narco - state .
Which does make him a 90 % oaf and a 100 % toady to our military - industrial - congressional complex .
It also makes him a president who has shrewdly silenced those who like to call the Dems soft on national security .
Barack Machiavelli
Obama put another 30,000 of our youngsters at risk out of pure political calculus , methinks .
No other reason makes much sense .
Let 'em die , as long as nobody thinks I 'm a regular Dem softie .
It was the minimum Obama could get away with to be considered a standup Commander - In - Chief .
It has nothing to do with changing anything in the criminal enterprise called Afghanistan , which wo n't change even if we put a soldier there for every citizen , admonishing every single Afghan man - to - man , hey , dude , stop being a corrupt warlord , stop being a Pashtun who likes the Taliban , and stop growing opium — how about trying soya beans , pardner ?
To see Obama clear , and to recognize that BECAUSE of his non-progressiveness , he has the potential to be our greatest president since FDR , try this simple thought experiment .
Take off your “ hopey - changy ” goggles and expect nothing from him .
Nada .
Zip .
Observe Obama in the harsh glitter of an LA noonday , like you would look at any other politician who is n't handsome or charismatic — say someone like Nixon or LBJ .
2. MUTHA OBAMA
First thing to know about Nixon and LBJ is that they were motherfuckers , and that 's what Obama is : a motherfucker .
An iron -nosed , super - slick , deal - cutting , low - down Machiavellian politician .
The first thing he did when he wanted health insurance for 30 million uninsured Americans ( leaving 17 million still uninsured ) was to duck behind - closed - doors to make nicey - nicey with the insurance industry , reassuring them he would n't push for a robust public option .
He cut a deal with the guys who could derail reform ( like they did in 1994 ) before he did anything else .
That 's the mark of a realpolitik manipulator .
Then he went out in public and talked his pretty talk about how much he likes a public option and how he would 've gone for single payer if we were starting from scratch .
All Machiavellian smoke and mirrors .
From the very beginning , he gave a real problem a tough look , took the measure of his would - be enemies , and found a way to placate them so he could seal the deal before letting Congress carry his water — and any “ progressive ” agenda be damned .
Sure , Obama was a community organizer in his salad days , but not because he was a starry - eyed bleeding - heart liberal progressive , but because he wanted to learn Saul Alinsky 's Machiavellian playbook — which is to rile the poor into becoming such nasty mothers who give their oppressors such a nasty time , the oppressors finally give in just so the unruly bastards will shut the heck up and leave them in peace to go find other more passive victims to oppress .
Look at whom Obama has surrounded himself with .
There are no earnest young progressive puppies hopishly yipping away in the corridors of the White House .
Not at all .
Only Chicago hardasses and ex-Clinton hacks are on deck .
Obama 's Chief of Staff is not some progressive poobah , but an investment - banker - Chicago - pol - and - Clinton - hack combo , Rahm Emanuel .
Rahm is the guy who went trolling for conservative rightwing Democrats — military vets and anti-abortion folks that Republicans might vote for — and conscripted them to run in swing districts , which is one reason why there are big Democratic majorities in Congress , but also why there are the Blue Dogs — the Republican wing of the Democratic Party and a millstone around Nancy Pelosi 's neck .
There is not a single progressive of any note in Obama 's cabinet .
Did he bring back Robert Reich ?
No , he brought back Larry Summers , one of the chief architects of the financial meltdown — which is like picking John Torture - Memo Yoo as your Attorney - General .
Where is Joseph Stiglitz ?
No , Obama 's economic team are all in the pocket of Wall Street , and if one of them is n't , like Paul Volcker , Obama ignores him until he needs to put on an anti-Wall Street show like he did when he got scared by Scott Brown taking Ted Kennedy 's safe Massachusetts seat .
And most notable of all , where is Howard Dean , the architect of the 50 - state Democratic comeback ?
The man to whom Obama and the Democratic Party should be most grateful ?
The man whose internet campaign strategy Obama copied to win the Presidency ?
The one Democrat who most deserves to be some kind of top dog ?
Nowhere .
Howard Dean is not DRC chairman anymore , and he has no job whatsoever in the Obama administration .
Why ?
He 's a progressive , that 's why .
Obama does n't want ANY progressives near him , having ANY say in ANYTHING .
Why not ?
Because Obama himself is NO progressive .
Snoop Dogg and Willie Nelson will both stop toking herb before Obama becomes a progressive .
There was much talk of Obama appointing a “ team of rivals ” a la his hero Lincoln .
Bullshit .
He did no such thing : he appointed a team of center - to - right yes - men and women .
3. MACHIAVELLI OBAMA
But hey , did n't Obama just pull off one of the most historically progressive reforms in the history of historical America 's history ?
Oh , yeah , right , for sure : Barack Machiavelli Obama and Nancy Steel Balls Pelosi and Harry Hangdog Reid have finally pushed healthcare reform over the finish line , like a dung beetle pushing its ball of crap home .
Now they 're the biggest historical heroes of Congressional history since the dawn of democracy .
OK , let 's muster half a faint cheer for Nancy anyway : she 's the iron lady who stiffened the Democratic spine when the men all diarrheed themselves after Scott Brown took Ted Kennedy 's safe Massachusetts seat .
From Obama and Rahm Emanuel on down to Barney Frank , the panicked hacks were all going wobbly , and needed a woman to wipe their pee-stained underwear for them .
If it were n't for Nancy 's balls , healthcare reform would 've withered like an earthworm on concrete .
Nancy Pelosi is that rare Democratic phenomenon : a politician with actual beliefs who is actually prepared to fight for those beliefs .
A step up from Obama .
She laid it out in real no - backing - down - now damn - the - torpedos fighting talk :
“ We 'll go through the gate .
If the gate 's closed , we 'll go over the fence .
If the fence is too high , we 'll pole vault in .
If that does n’t work , we 'll parachute in .
But we 're going to get health - care reform passed for the American people . ”
You go , girl !
Now Obama 's got his healthcare victory , but how progressive is it ?
It 's basically what the Republicans wanted in 1994 , and what Massachusetts already has , signed into existence by Republican Governor Mitt Romney .
It 's socialism all right , but not for us , only for the healthcare industry , who 've now got 30 million extra premium payers , many of them subsidized with our tax dollars .
For this bonanza they 're paying the small price of not keeping folks off their rolls because of a “ pre-existing condition , ” and not knocking them off their rolls for getting sick ( the reason why people buy insurance in the first place ) , and not capping what they pay out for people 's medical expenses .
In other words , for promising not to openly cheat their customers anymore , the insurance industry gets to continue running their 20 % to 30 % overheads scam when Medicare can deliver healthcare at 4 % overhead ( proving once again that government is more efficient at helping folks out than our magnificently efficient private enterprise plutocrats ) .
Some reform .
But it 's a start .
When the insurance companies begin to jack up their premiums again , or pull some other scam , there may still be enough residual public anger simmering around to put a robust public option on the table at last , and soon we 'll be on our way to Medicare for all .
Be still , my progressive heart .
Who knows , this delicious scenario may even be a second - term adventure in the back of Obama 's Machiavellian mind at this very moment .
Or not .
Dream on .
Whatever .
Now the health insurance industry will be sucking on the big government gazoomba , subsidized by our tax dollars , along with the banking industry , the arms industry , the oil industry , Detroit and our farmers — all the capitalists who are against socialism for everyone but themselves .
It 's amazing how dependent our magnificently efficient free - market private enterprise is on our so - called inefficient government .
They just can't seem to get along on their own .
The world of capitalism is just too tough for our great Captains of Industry and our brilliant Masters of the Universe .
Wall Street , Detroit , health insurance , arms manufacturers , Big Oil , agribusiness : all born welfare queens .
Big businesses are basically the big sissies of capitalism — too cowardly to suffer the consequences of their own craven mishaps .
It 's the engine of small businesses that keeps capitalism going .
Big business is socialist and monopolist by nature .
Please , big government , be our nanny state , give us your milk : we are the rich executives of important corporations , so much more deserving than the people we screw over .
4. POLITICAL OBAMA
Meanwhile , on to the next thing .
Financial reform .
A sterling opportunity for Obama to demonize the banks and maybe unearth a few tea-party votes in November .
After all , many tea-party insurgents voted for Obama in 2008 .
Let 's face it , Barack Machiavelli
Obama is stacking up his political cards carefully to keep his majorities in Congress come the November mid-term elections .
By then he will have positioned himself and his party as noble fighters for regular folks against the bad bonus - happy bailed - out Wall Street gangsta banksters ( who , having knocked off Greece , are probably undermining the Prince of Monaco and the Queen of England at this very moment ) — while letting the banksters know behind - closed - doors that they 're free to gut any reforms hiccuped by retiring Senator Christopher “ I'm Angling For A Financial Lobby Gig ” Dodd .
Also , by then our troops will have come home from Iraq and gotten the progressive Dem base all gratefully stirred up .
And by then the stench would 've gone out of GOP lies about healthcare reform : old folks would 've received their $ 250 donut hole checks , and young folks up to 26 will be happy they 're covered by their parents ' healthcare plans .
Two excellent voting demographics .
With any luck , Obama may even get a couple of months of back - to - back job growth to crow about , and the GOP will collar maybe 20 Blue Dog seats in the House ( good riddance ) and two in the Senate — and have only their refusal to help govern and their latest joke , Michael Steele , to blame for their continuing misfortune .
( When your only stars are two hot babes , Sarah Palin and Michele Bachmann , with the collective judgment of a hominid fossil between them , you know you 're going nowhere fast .
The Party of No : No Ideas , No I.Q , No Future . )
5. OBAMA THE GREATEST
OK , so why do I say Obama has the potential to be our greatest president since FDR ?
Number one , it 's not as if he has much competition .
Most presidents are either a disaster or useless .
I 'd say at least thirty of our presidents have been useless , with nobody noticing the difference if they 'd been replaced by Japanese house - cleaning robots .
In my lifetime , they 've all been pretty much one disaster after another .
Eisenhower was OK : he built our highways and ended the war in Korea .
But JFK was a useless disaster .
He stopped Khrushchev from loading Cuba up with missiles , but any president would 've done that .
He piled military advisors into Vietnam , and that turned out to be our single biggest foreign policy disaster .
Nixon was disastrous but not entirely useless : he made a rapprochement with China but bombed Cambodia ; he established the EPA but screwed up with Watergate .
Then there 's LBJ , the rarest of the rare , the lonely exception : a great president , maybe greater than FDR .
He signed Civil Rights and Medicare into law along with a host of Great Society programs ( but conned himself into the Vietnam escapade , which he at least had the intelligence to know was a mistake after year one , which is more than you can say for Obama and Afghanistan ) .
As for Ford , he pardoned Nixon and handed out “ Whip Inflation Now ” buttons .
Carter put human rights on our foreign policy agenda , which makes him a saint among presidents , but like some hapless Mugabe , he could do nothing about 20 % plus inflation .
Reagan was an unmitigated disaster , backing nun-killers in Nicaragua and bashing the unions and destroying our tax base by bringing the marginal tax rate of the rich down from 70 % to under 30 % , and giving the super - idealistic starry - eyed Chicago school of pie - in - the - sky efficient market utopians free rein with his “ trickle - down ” Reaganomics , to lay the foundation for making us the most unequal society on earth , a throwback to the era of the Sun King .
Bush
One was pretty useless , although he did kick Saddam out of Kuwait , but gave the neocons enough inspiration to come back under Bush Two to destroy us .
I honestly do n't know who was a bigger disaster — Clinton or Bush Two .
But coming back to back , they 've certainly been the most dysfunctional regime since the reign of Roman Emperor Caligula , who made his horse a Senator .
Clinton destroyed Mexican agriculture and helped the big corporations to export our good jobs with NAFTA , nixed the Glass - Steagall Act that kept us safe from Wall Street shenanigans for 60 years , and made sure that derivatives would be unregulated .
Bush
Two gave us two wars , a bitch of a deficit and a reputation as torturers , and also bailed out the Clinton - enabled Wall Street shysters .
You tell me who was the bigger disaster .
It 's a little like deciding by what would you prefer to be struck down most — a heart attack or a stroke .
Now along comes Obama and what is the difference between him and the others ?
Number one , he 's not a total born - privileged pink - Madras - panted Brahmin jackass like most of them , but a half - decent chap whose mom crammed some values down his throat .
Number two , he thinks with his brain not his gut ( Bush Two ) or his dick ( Clinton ) .
Number three , and this is the big difference , he 's ready and fired up and ambitious enough to :
a ) actually name our biggest problems ( healthcare , education , energy , infrastructure )
b ) actually tackle them , i.e. do whatever deal - cutting and Machiavellian scheming he has to do to get some kind of a job done .
6. AMBITIOUS OBAMA
No other president in the history of our nation has ever done that .
Most of them did n't even know what our biggest problems were , and if they did , they were too cowardly to name them , lest they saddle themselves with the thankless task of having to solve them .
The most ambitious ones try their hand at maybe one biggish problem , generally fail , and then leave well enough alone , only to wake up in their last year and suddenly think : yikes , what will be my legacy ?
and then dictate a memoir to make up for their lack of never having done anything .
The reason why Presidents are generally useless is because , in Obama 's words , they “ kick the can down the road . ”
Presidents display the greatest ambition to BECOME president , but the funny thing is , once they 're at the top of the heap , they lose all ambition to BE president and habitually do sweet blow all .
Obama actually wants to solve our problems .
None of this effort has ANYTHING to do with being left or right or Democratic or Republican or progressive or conservative , but EVERYTHING to do with plain common sense , not a quality exhibited by politicians after a lifetime of chasing voters and financial backers with lies and empty promises .
Mind you , we should reserve some crocodile pathos for politicians : the poor bastards are like over - the - hill Casanovas in some fairy tale devoid - of - common - sense fantasy who can't get it up anymore but are still trying to get their maidenly voters to swoon with happy talk .
Not that Obama is short on the happy talk , but he does n't quite need Viagra yet .
He 's notched healthcare to his bedpost and is going after education ( his race - to - the - top state competition a good start ) , infrastructure ( there was some of that in his stimulus plan ) and energy .
Energy reveals the typical Obama strategy .
When he gets in the ring with opponents , Obama does n't lead with his left : he leads with his other cheek .
The Great Conciliator : he always throws out a pre-digested bone for the recalcitrants to chew on .
It 's what he did when he invited the Republicans to sit down with him and talk about healthcare reform .
It 's what he did when he said to progressives about healthcare , hey , here 's a lame public option , folks , go play with that for a while .
To the hawks : here are 30,000 more troops in Afghanistan , go amuse yourselves with that .
To all of us who are outraged at the banksters : hey , here 's a Consumer Financial Protection Agency , go talk among yourselves about that — while I make sure it gets put under the aegis of the Fed , known for its sightless oversight .
The same strategy on energy : all of a sudden Obama is in full - on drill - baby - drill mode .
Play with that one , you energy bunnies .
Triangulation at its finest and bluntest and blatantest .
Machiavelli must be smiling from ear to ear .
Whatever it takes , baby .
Anything to get the job done .
Throw out a bone for the dogs to chew on , then let Lieutenant Pelosi hack out the details with her unruly troops , and then let 's all shove away at an array of pesky little mountains with some big juggernaut 2,000 - page reform bill .
What we have here is the art of the possible — because our screwed - up system of the best democracy that money can buy has made impossible the crafting of the demonstrably beneficial .
Translation : the art of the possible means half - assed is what you get , which is still better than nothing .
Already , with half - assed healthcare reform , Obama can claim to have achieved something no President has done since Teddy Roosevelt noticed the problem a hundred years ago .
Now imagine if Obama gets some half - assed education reform through , some half - assed infrastructure done ( high - speed rail , anybody ? ) and some half - assed green energy initiatives up - and - running ( solar and wind subsidies , anyone ? ) .
Presto : one of our great presidents .
That 's how far half - assed can get you these days .
Set us on a new trajectory .
Transformative and all that .
And it 's got nothing to do with being progressive or conservative or anything remotely ideological or party - political .
Just being practical .
Obama is well along his merry road already .
Not even halfway through his first term and healthcare reform is signed , sealed and delivered .
Three more big problems to knock off , and chances are Obama will get there , and thus become worthy of having his shnoz carved into Mount Rushmore .
Anyway , that 's what I think .
Nay : firmly predict .
You see , once I stopped believing Obama was a progressive , I suddenly started realizing he could be great anyway .
Simply because he wants to solve our biggest problems — and could care less about ideology to the right or the left .
How about about you ?
Go ahead , try it .
Stop thinking of Obama as progressive .
Just hope he keeps on being a low - down practical SOB bastard of a scheming blackguard .
You 'll find this can be quite a relief .
Hey , it can almost restore your faith in some kind of American Dream .
American Dream Redux , to be sure , but a tad better than the nightmare we 've been living in .
He was an irreverent teenager with a pregnant girlfriend when the idea first crossed his mind : Join the Army , raise a family .
She had an abortion , but the idea remained .
Patrick S. Fitzgibbon , Saint Paddy to his friends , became Private Fitzgibbon .
Three months out of basic training , he went to war .
From his outpost in the Kandahar Province of Afghanistan , he complained to his father about shortages of cigarettes , Skittles and Mountain Dew .
But he took pride in his work and volunteered for patrols .
On Aug. 1 , 2009 , while on one of those missions , Private Fitzgibbon stepped on a metal plate wired to a bomb buried in the sunbaked earth .
The blue sky turned brown with dust .
The explosion instantly killed Private Fitzgibbon , 19 , of Knoxville , Tenn. , and Cpl. Jonathan M. Walls , a 27 - year - old father from Colorado Springs .
An hour later , a third soldier who was helping secure the area , Pfc. Richard K. Jones , 21 , of Roxboro , N.C. , died from another hidden bomb .
The two blasts wounded at least 10 other soldiers .
On Tuesday , the toll of American dead in Afghanistan passed 1,000 , after a suicide bomb in Kabul killed at least five United States service members .
Having taken nearly seven years to reach the first 500 dead , the war killed the second 500 in fewer than two .
A resurgent Taliban active in almost every province , a weak central government incapable of protecting its people and a larger number of American troops in harm ’s way all contributed to the accelerating pace of death .
And the war between the Teabagging People 's Front and the People 's Front of Teabag rages on :
Tea party activists in Florida who insist they are the real thing are about to mount a public education campaign to rebrand a group of candidates as fakers who wo n't adhere to principles of the movement .
As TPM has been diligently reporting , Florida teabaggers are currently embroiled in a lawsuit to determine who the real teabaggers are .
Because god forbid Florida voters confuse one group of dumb bigots with another group of dumb bigots .
So ...
Tea partier Tim McClellan , a political strategist based in Pompano Beach who is suing the Florida Tea Party , has a plan to prevent those Tea Party candidates from winning , and it involves spelling ...
His approach will be to brand the candidates he considers fake by convincing everyone to call them the " T - E - A " party , with the hope that voters wooed by the tea party movement wo n't associate that Florida Tea Party with the activists who attend rallies and do n't want official party status .
Too close for comfort : Charles and his son William
Widespread inbreeding between the Darwin and Wedgwood families was probably to blame for Charles Darwin ’s ill health , and the childhood tragedies and infertility that blighted his family .
That ’s the conclusion of an analysis examining links between ill health over four generations of the Darwin - Wedgwood dynasty and the degree of inbreeding between the families .
The analysis supports Darwin ’s fears that inbreeding was damaging his health and that of his children , following his ground - breaking studies demonstrating that cross - bred plants are far fitter and more vigorous than self - fertilised plants .
“ This caused him to reflect on his own condition , ” says Tim Berra of Ohio State University in Mansfield .
After Darwin married his first cousin , Emma Wedgwood , they had 10 children , three of whom died as children .
Three of the others married but remained childless , suggesting infertility problems .
And Darwin himself , who suffered unremitting ill health following his epic trip on The Beagle , was the product of an “ inter - Wedgwood ” union , his maternal grandparents being third cousins to each another .
Advertisement
Tangled tree
At least five of the 25 marriages in the Darwin - Wedgwood family tree that Berra analysed , including Darwin ’s own , were between close relatives , and these had knock - on effects for their descendants .
The analysis included 176 children over four generations of ties between the Darwins and the Wedgwoods .
Working with geneticists Gonzalo Alvarez and Francisco Ceballos of the University of Santiago de Compostela in Spain , Berra revealed correlations between the likelihood of death and the amount of inbreeding in families .
From the family tree they worked out an “ inbreeding coefficient ” for each marriage – a figure reflecting the proportion of inherited genes in the children that would be identical from both parents .
For Darwin ’s own children , the coefficient was 0.063 , meaning that 6.3 per cent of his children ’s genes inherited from both father and mother were identical .
The researchers say that the higher the coefficient , the likelier that children would inherit pairs of faulty genes , with no prospect of a “ good ” gene from either parent to compensate .
Death and disease
They found that the families with the highest inbreeding coefficients had the highest mortality .
In Darwin ’s own family , for example , 30 per cent of his children died , twice the norm for childhood mortality at the time .
In another marriage with a coefficient matching Charles Darwin ’s ( between Josiah Wedgwood III and Caroline Darwin ) the children ’s death rate was 25 per cent , and in a union with a coefficient twice that of Darwin ’s ( between Henry and Jessie Wedgwood ) , 17 per cent of their children died .
The researchers cite other studies showing that children from first - cousin marriages are more susceptible to infections and infertility .
Darwin’s “ favourite ” child , Annie , died from tuberculosis and another , Charles , from scarlet fever .
A third died in early infanthood from unknown causes .
“ Consanguinity is implicated in susceptibility to infectious disease , ” says Berra .
And three of Darwin ’s children died married but childless , possibly an effect of inbreeding .
The researchers speculate that double inheritance of genes that interfere with production of sperm or ova may have been to blame .
“ Putting together the mortality of his children and the unexplained fertility , I think Darwin was right to be concerned about these issues , ” says Berra .
Blood marriage
Darwin was so concerned about inbreeding that he lobbied unsuccessfully in 1870 for questions about first - cousin marriages to be added to the following year ’s national census form .
At the time , “ blood marriages ” were common , unions with first or second cousins accounting for 10 per cent of all marriages , often to keep money or influence in the family .
Today , around a fifth of all marriages in the world are consanguineous , although there is some dispute about how damaging it is to descendants , some arguing that the effects are inconsequential and no different to those affecting older parents .
Journal reference : Bioscience , DOI : 10.1525/bio.2010.60.5.7
The new 17 and 15 - inch MacBook Pros with Core i5 / i7 processors are fast .
Fast .
Overall I 'd say they 're about 50 % faster than the last gen Core 2 Duos , which is about the same bump the iMacs got with Core i7 .
Advertisement
Here are benchmarks to show exactly how much faster .
Advertisement
About 50 % faster in the Geekbench tests .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The Xbench tests are a bit more all - over - the - place , but that 's more because Xbench has n't been updated in a while .
Still , faster .
Advertisement
Re-encoding a file with Handbrake 64 - bit shows pretty well the race between CPUs .
At 19:54 vs. 32:19 , the Core i7 MacBook pro—even though it's 2.66GHz vs. 2.8GHz — is just about 50 % faster .
Advertisement
So there ya go , the Core i7 CPUs make a pretty damn big difference in performance .
We 'll be testing the Nvidia Geforce 330 M discrete graphics in another post to see how much that has improved over the 9600M .
We are at a point where endless discussion and the need for permit after permit begins to have a negative impact on success .
There have to be concerns about the increasing number of leaks at the riser near the blowout preventer ( BOP ) , which is lowering the flow out of the end of the riser ( and which were visible on a CNN feed earlier this morning ) .
Leaks of a fluid that is carrying abrasive particles can get larger very quickly , and can threaten the integrity of the BOP .
This now , therefore , becomes a driver to accelerate the process , given that if the flow is allowed to continue , the BOP may be further eroded and weakened and may collapse .
And even if it were not to collapse , there is concern that the resistance to the pressure of the top kill process will decline as it erodes .
By 1 pm Louisiana time , permission had been obtained from Admiral Landry to go ahead with the top kill procedure .
The team is therefore waiting for final approval from the top folks at BP , before going ahead .
Rather than stick continuous updates on the previous post , I am going to add them as updates to this separate post on the progress of the Deepwater Top Kill attempt .
UPDATE - Well , so much for impatience , the process has been started , and we should know fairly quickly whether it works .
UPDATE 2 : There appears to be mud coming from the leaks at the top of the BOP , showing they have started pumping at 2 pm
UPDATE 3 : Well , BP said that they would provide a live feed , they just did n't say which one - grin - so the feeds are now showing things such as parts of the BOP , where they were looking for leaks initially , but where nothing much is now happening , But it does seem from the occasional glance of the leak near the top of the BOP that they are increasing the pressure on the feed to the well at 2:30 pm .
Hmm , now CNN are showing the top leak , and if you look at the one at the back , it noticeably got bigger in the last couple of minutes .
( Oh , and for those watching CNN you do n't need 2000 ft of cement to seal this well , they can get by with a whole lot less ( less than 40 ft ) but may go for an absolute assurance that nothing will ever get out of that well again . )
UPDATE 4 : ( 3 pm ) BP are planning on injecting 50 barrels of mud a minute .
Let us assume that the leaks are still allowing 5000 bd of flow , which is equivalent to 150 gal / min. 50 barrels at 42 gallons per barrel is 2,100 gallons .
Let us assume , for discussion that the amount that escaping fluid through the BOP doubles during the injection .
Then the flow that will go down the well is 2,100 – 300 = 1800 gallons .
There are 231 cu inches in a gallon .
So they will be injecting 416,000 cu inches / minute .
While the well has various diameters I will assume a diameter of 16 inches as an average .
This gives a cross-sectional area of 200 sq inches ( roughly ) .
Then the speed at which mud will travel down the well to fill it is 416,000 / 200 = 2,080 inches per minute , or 172 ft per minute .
The underground part of the well is 13,000 ft deep .
At 172 ft/ minute , it will take 13,000 / 172 = 75 minutes to fill the well with mud .
So that is about as fast as the operation can determine success .
Though , due to pausing between steps to ensure that there are n't too many problems , it will likely be somewhat longer .
And it depends on how much worse the leaks at the top of the BOP get .
UPDATE 5 : There is nothing really exciting about watching a mud fountain play into the ocean for an hour or more , and so I thought I would stick my neck out a little and predict how this might end .
( Nothing dramatic being visible , means that so far it is working ) .
Once they consider that the well is full of mud they will likely back off the pump pressure that is injecting mud into the well .
They will monitor the pressure in the well as they drop the inflow pressure down , and watch to see , as the pressure falls , if there is any increase in pressure from down hole .
If they can take the pressure of the pumps all the way down to ambient ( which is under 5,000 ft of sea water , and is therefore around 2,400 psi ) and stop injecting fluid , and nothing changes on the pressure gages , and there is no flow out of the well , then the well will have been brought under control .
As the pressure in the pumps starts to fall , so the mud fountains at the leaks will start to diminish .
UPDATE 6 : Well I notice that the BP Press Conference keeps getting postponed , which may be good or bad news .
If the Top Kill had immediately failed ( unacceptable erosion of the BOP ) then there would likely have been a Press call .
If it had immediately worked then there might have been another , but that they are delaying it means that it may be working but a little slower than they had hoped .
UPDATE 7 : Ah , in the Press Conference Doug Suttles said that they are only injecting mud at the rate of 20 barrels a minute .
( 7,000 barrels over 6 hours ) .
This is less than half the anticipated flow ( 50 barrels ) and they may have dropped the injection flow rate to keep pressures in the BOP at an acceptable level .
That does increase the time it will take to fill the well significantly ( by several hours , depending on the leak rate ) .
Though it also shows that those estimates that the well was leaking at 100,000 barrels a day were fantasy .
It would take 87.5 % of the mud injected being lost to leaks , for it to take 22 hours to fill the well , and that would indicate that the leakage rate was 25,000 bd .
I was watching CNN and Campbell Brown talked over what the biggest problem has been so we 'll have to wait until either a reporter or the transcript lets us know .
UPDATE 8 : Well it may be my old eyes , but I think that the flow from the leaks is definitely less than it was , leading me to suggest that the well is now full of mud , and they are reducing the flow to see if the well behaves .
( 8:47 pm ) I have n't been watching for a little while however , but did have these other thoughts before I got distracted .
( It 's called dinner , if I recall ) .
The leaks at the top of the riser do appear to be getting bigger .
However they look like crack leaks , which seem to get longer preferentially to wider , with less overall increase in flow .
I would expect , since BP has more than enough pump capacity , that they will just increase the flow to balance any increase in leakage .
They can monitor this through the pressure gages , and so can set the flow rate to give a certain progress down the well , or well pressure .
I suspect they are more concerned about well pressure , and will just keep that at a steady value until they are sure that they have filled the well .
( Probably indicated by a change in pressure levels as they start to try injecting mud into the formation rather than pushing the oil and gas back .
The mud will coat the walls and make it more difficult to inject and thus they should see a pressure increase ) .
( 8:47 pm )
UPDATE 8.5 : Oh , and if you were wondering why you can't see the camera feeds any longer .
Oil and gas are lighter than water and float off upwards , mud is heavier and so the plume is dispersing and settling back downwards , around the well .
Good job we have pressure gages .
( 9:07 pm )
UPDATE 9 : Well the picture is clear again ( wonder if they used an ROV backwash to remove the mud ? ) and I have looked at an earlier picture of the leak flows , relative to the current picture and I still think , from the lowering of the points at which the flows bulge out , that the jets are n't at as high a pressure as earlier .
This could , however , be because the cameras have moved , or changed lenses , but the pictures do have several common features .
And the heights of the plumes from both side jets are significantly shorter .
UPDATE 10 : Looking at the flow now , relative to the earlier pictures it does definitely seem to be reduced .
So I would suspect that they have reduced the amount they are pumping in to balance against the leaks , while they monitor the pressure in the well and see if there are any problems develop .
If there are n't any ( and their chance is reducing ) then the plan was to inject cement and create a plug .
No -one has mentioned how much of that they have available .
Incidentally , I note from some of the comments below that there is an assumption that they measured 25,000 bd of leakage .
That was n't what I said , which was that if it took 22 hours to fill the well at 20 barrels a minute , then one could assume , knowing the volume of the well , that the rest was leakage .
It looks as though it took about 7 hours to fill the well , which would mean ( at that assumed pumping rate ) that about 60 % of the fluid injected was going out through the leaks , and this comes out at about 12 barrels / min or 17,000 bd. ( 5 am )
Following inbuilt rules ( Image : Charles Gullung / Getty )
LANGUAGES are wonderfully idiosyncratic .
English puts its subject before its verb .
Finnish has lots of cases .
Mandarin is highly tonal .
Yet despite these differences , one of the most influential ideas in the study of language is that of universal grammar .
Put forward by Noam Chomsky in the 1960s , it is widely interpreted as meaning that all languages are basically the same and that the human brain is born language - ready , with an in - built program that is able to decipher the common rules underpinning any mother tongue .
For five decades this idea has dominated work in linguistics , psychology and cognitive science .
To understand language , it implied , you must sweep aside the dazzling diversity of languages and find the common human core .
But what if the very diversity of languages is the key to understanding human communication ?
This is the idea being put forward by linguists Nicholas Evans of the Australian National University in Canberra and Stephen Levinson of the Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics in Nijmegen , the Netherlands .
They believe that languages do not share a common set of rules .
Instead , they say , their sheer variety is a defining feature of human communication – something not seen in other animals .
And that ’s not all .
Language diversity is the “ crucial fact for understanding the place of language in human cognition ” , Levinson and Evans argue .
In recent years , much has been made of the idea that humans possess a “ language instinct ” : infants easily learn to speak because all languages follow a set of rules built into their brains .
While there is no doubt that human thinking influences the form …
What did Moses do after kneeling by the burning bush ?
“ He smoked it , ” said the Rev. Roger Christie , who gave a lecture Tuesday at Penrose Library on ingesting marijuana to heighten religious experience .
“ Moses was healed by the burning bush , ” said Christie , who said he believes the holy bush is one of hundreds of references in the Bible to cannabis , the plant used to make marijuana .
Christie , a Hawaiian resident who founded the Hawaii Cannabis Ministry a decade ago , has started five cannabis churches in the United States , including one in Nederland , about a three - hour drive from the Pikes Peak region .
He hopes to found a Springs cannabis church where the drug is smoked , inhaled or swallowed as a sacrament .
Christie , 61 , said all religions began with people taking mind - altering drugs .
“ Someone threw a branch on a campfire , inhaled and had so much fun with that , ” he said .
The numerous biblical references to holy oils , Christie insists , are a mixture of myrrh , cinnamon , olive oil and cannabis .
He ’s re-created the mixture and anoints people during his services .
Christie , who has been ingesting marijuana for 43 years , believes that , when cannabis is used in a religious context , it brings one closer to God .
“ Cannabis allows access to more information that God makes potentially available , ” said Christie , dressed in a open - collar shirt , white sneakers and khakis .
Medical Marijuana has become a hot issue in Colorado as more than 100 dispensaries have been established this year to sell the drug .
This month , two state laws went into effect that regulate dispensaries , causing patients to fear that their marijuana supply will be cut off .
To those patients , Christie says , the cannabis church may be the answer .
The First Amendments protects religious belief and practice , including using cannabis as a sacrament , he said .
Moreover , he said , Article II , section 4 of the Colorado Constitution protects freedom of religion and the practitioner ’s “ mode of worship . ”
Christie said his experiences with marijuana have been mostly positive , though he admits to overdosing three times after ingesting food heavily laced with the drug .
That ’s why Christie places safeguards at his churches to make sure the sacramental ingesting occurs in a quiet , thoughtful atmosphere and that no one overindulges .
“ The sacrament is for sincere people , ” he said .
Though Christie ’s lecture only drew seven people , enthusiasm was high .
Rick Royer , 57 , traveled from Denver .
He recently started smoking marijuana for medicinal purposes and is intrigued by its application to religion .
“ I ’ve had thoughts of illumination ” while smoking , he said .
As a Deist , I personally do n’t live by The Bible , but I respect it and people ’s faith in it .
As I have always thought , Christianity seems to be all about interpretation and I wonder how well this interpretation will be received in today ’s mainstream / Evangelical Christian community .
It will also be interesting to see how many people jump on board with this new way of viewing marijuana consumption .
Do I feel a Third Great Awakening coming on… ?
Lenovo's been awfully quiet about the Skylight smartbook and U1 Hybrid tablet / laptop since it first showed them off at CES , and now we know why : following weeks of rumors that the custom Linux - based Skylight OS was n't up to snuff , the company is killing the project entirely in favor of Android .
That makes a lot of sense , considering Lenny 's already shipping a Skylight - skinned version of Android on the Snapdragon - based LePhone , but it also means that the Skylight smartbook and U1 demoed to us at CES are done for as well -- Lenovo 's statement says the " initial version of the Skylight " is being " shelved " and refers to the U1 as a " concept .
"
We spoke to Lenovo for clarification and it sounds like things are in considerable flux at the moment : the company told us it wants to tap into Android 's apps and ecosystem , but it 's invested something like 18 - 24 months into building Skylight OS products and it's going to rethink and retool while it transitions to Google 's OS -- although the underlying ideas of the Skylight and U1 Hybrid will live on in future devices , neither will come to market as announced .
We were also told that Lenovo is now targeting Q4 as a launch date for Android - based devices , so we 'll see what happens -- it 'll be a sad day for the gadget world if the U1 fails to live on in some way .
The education system is failing autistic children and changes must be made to help teachers understand developmental differences , an autism advocate says .
Social stigma , intolerance and ignorance held back children suffering from varying degrees of autism , Autism New Zealand chief executive Alison Molloy said on the eve of Autism Appeal Week .
" Children with autism are being disadvantaged because many schools only see behavioural issues , and do not understand developmental differences , or have the strategies to improve the learning outcomes of these students , " she said .
" An alarming number of parents are withdrawing their children from mainstream learning environments in favour of alternative schools and learning from home . "
One in 100 New Zealand children suffer from some form of autism , which affects social and communication skills and development .
Ms Molloy said many sufferers , especially those with high - functioning autism or aspergers , could achieve in a mainstream classroom with knowledgeable and supportive teachers .
" These children often love detail and order , and need certainty to be comfortable with learning , " she said .
" Changes or transitions can be most unsettling and trigger behavioural issues .
By understanding these triggers , the children have a better learning experience and teachers avoid having to manage the classroom consequences , which can be significant . "
A LABOR MP was king - hit , thrown against a car and bashed in the carpark of a suburban McDonald's .
The New South Wales MP claimed his American assailant repeatedly told him " this is how we do it in America " during Sunday 's attack outside the fast - food restaurant in Thornleigh , in Sydney 's north .
Paul Gibson , who reported the incident to police , said he was lucky to survive the attack , which knocked him out .
" How he did n't kill me I do n't know , " he said , adding that he and a female companion were parking after a function when he gave the man sitting in the next car a " friendly toot " .
The man then got out and guided Mr Gibson in .
The MP for Blacktown said the man then accused him of running over his foot , before king - hitting him .
He said the man grabbed him by the throat , threw him into the bonnet of a 4WD and smashed his head on the cement .
Mr Gibson said the man repeatedly said " this is how we do it in America " as he pounded Mr Gibson 's head .
When people came to drag off the attacker , Mr Gibson said " this is how we do it in Australia " and hit the man back , causing him to bleed .
The pair were separated and Mr Gibson claimed he was told by a bystander that the man had a revolver .
Mr Gibson and his companion , who he said was a " friend " and would not name , then made a report to police .
Mr Gibson said yesterday : " I got out and he said , ' You ran over my foot ' .
I said , ' Mate , if I ran over your foot , I 'm sorry , are you OK ? '
" I went to walk into McDonald 's - the next thing I know I 'm in la la land .
I did n't know if I 'd had a heart attack or what .
" Next thing I knew I 'm flying through the air .
Everyone tells me this bloke 's come up , punched me in the back of the head , grabbed me by the throat .
" I could hear him say ' this is how we do it in America , this is how we do it in America . '
How he did n't kill me I do n't know . "
Mr Gibson said he was close to losing consciousness during the attack and has since had X - rays to identify whether he had a broken shoulder and ribs .
Police are appealing for information to identify the attacker .
The man police want to speak to was " of African American appearance , 185 - 187 cm tall , an acne- scarred complexion and with a solid build " .
Transcript :
Tom the Dancing Bug 's Super - Fun -Pak Comix Edited by Ruben Bolling Percival Dunwoody , Idiot Time Traveler From 1909 Percival : I have traveled through time with this urgent mission ... TO KILL HITLER !
Man : Um ... Hitler is dead .
Percival :
Then my work here is done .
Here is a penny .
Get me a sarsaparilla .
Marital Mirth Man :
Take my wife ...
Man :
And by that I mean : take her physicall from me , I beg of you , for I utterly despise her .
Guy At Starbucks Writing A Screenplay Man : Maybe if I position it this way , someone will notice ...
Man :
Oh , I think she sees !
Come on , ask me about it !
Ask me !
Woman : Excuse me , are you using this chair ?
Man : No ... no , go ahead .
Three - Panel Biographies Pablo Picasso was born in the city of Malaga , Spain , on October 25 , 1881 .
He was the first child of an art professor of aristocratic ancestry .
Then he became a famous painter , then he died choking on a chalupa .
Captain Dynamo & Paper Towel Man Captain Dynamo :
This should finish the job !
Now , where 's Paper Towel Man !
Villain : One step closer , and Paper Towel Man gets it !
Paper Towel Man : Do n't listen to him , Captain Dynamo !
Captain Dynamo : Paper Towel Man !
Not again !
The Seven Stages of An Actor 's Career 1 .
Man : Who 's James Caan ?
2 . Man : Get me James Caan !
3 . Man : Get me a James Caan - type !
4 . Man : Get me the ghost of James Caan !
5 . Man : Is n't James Caan still alive ?
6 . Man :
Get the ghost of James Caan out of my office !
7 . James Caan : Sorry about that .
He 's leaving .
He said : '' Someone of this age should be much fitter , but perhaps this is the occupational hazard of the professional gamer who can spend around 10 hours a day in front of a screen .
If you watched the MTV Movie Awards last night and were paying attention you got to see a lot of trailers for movies that did n’t involve vampires versus werewolves or star Robert Pattinson , Taylor Lautner or Kristen Stewart .
In fact , another tween - friendly franchise you might have hear of dubted a trailer during the show last night .
That franchise ?
Harry Potter of course .
In this new teaser we get a good look at some of the events that will make up the next Potter film .
All of your favorites are back , of course , and they all look a bit older , a bit wiser ( maybe ) and it looks as if they will be engaging in all sorts of new adventures .
Well , new to anyone who has n’t read the books that is ( like me ) .
Why do Harry and Ron have to fight ?
So sad .
It ’s sometimes hard to tell from trailers just what a movie will really be about .
But if previous
Potter trailers have taught us anything , we know that these images are just the tip of the iceberg .
We can look forward to a whole lot more when the film eventually comes out .
Check out the trailer after the jump just in case you missed it or want to relive the magic again .
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows part the first hits theaters on November 19 .
ATHENS , Greece —
Outside the charred and blackened Marfin Egnatia Bank branch in central Athens , where three workers met a fiery death during a violent demonstration May 5 , an impromptu shrine is growing .
Thousands have left flowers , notes , teddy bears and votive candles , expressing their outrage that the protests against financial austerity measures turned deadly .
Up and down the street , smashed windows still testify to the violence that rocked the city .
“ Shame , ” reads one sign , “ to those who did this and those who encouraged such behavior . ”
Greeks are still coming to terms with the tragedy and the economic crisis that sparked it .
As they wait for rescue money from the European Union and International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) to start flowing and pull them back from the edge of bankruptcy , the country is awash in a raft of complicated , and sometimes conflicted , emotions .
There ’s humiliation , anger , fear and even perhaps a little bit of perverse pride that their tiny country has the ability to rock global markets and shake the foundations of the European project .
But there ’s very little relief .
One of the few things all Greeks can agree on is that the immediate future here looks bleak .
Before the deadly protests last week , public sentiment was tipping against the government and anger was growing at the cost Greece is being asked to pay for help .
The deaths have deeply shocked Greeks and the tragedy may help dampen the protests and give the government some breathing room .
“ Someone has to put an end to the violence , ” said Costas Tavernarakis , a 36 - year - old computer engineer who joined a candlelit vigil outside the burned bank on Sunday evening .
He supports the austerity plan and says the protesters do n’t reflect the will of the Greek people .
He dismisses the rioters , whom he blames for the deaths , as a dangerous fringe .
“ There ’s a faction of the population that has little regard for law and order .
They believe in revolution . ”
Among Greece ’s youth — unemployed , disaffected and cynical about the future — there are those who are indeed agitating for an uprising .
For the far - left in Greece , the current crisis is simply proof that they were right all along and that the capitalist system is broken .
“ All this happened because people just get pressed and pressed , ” said Alexandra Kolla , an unemployed 30 - year - old who joined a peaceful anti-IMF protest over the weekend .
“ And after a while you go and burn things . ”
Kolla , like many young Greeks , questions the official story that the bank fire was set by Molotov cocktail - hurling anarchists , despite eyewitness accounts that say the crowd taunted workers with anti-capitalist chants even as the building burned .
The current crisis has turned Greece ’s political world topsy - turvy , and is scrambling old political alliances .
Elected on a platform of stimulus spending , the country ’s socialist government has been thrust into the arms of the IMF and forced to implement the harshest austerity plan in the country ’s history .
As they pushed the painful package of pay cuts , tax increases and liberalization measures through parliament on May 6 , the governing Socialists found support only from the far - right Popular Orthodox Rally ( LAOS ) and a single member of the country ’s main opposition , New Democracy .
The center - right New Democracy — which billed itself in last October ’s elections as the more fiscally prudent party , but was swept from power by public anger over corruption scandals — joined the Greek Communists and other far - left parties in opposition to the measures .
Europe , and the euro , has long been seen as a stabilizing force that helped usher in an era of prosperity and growth after decades of war , turmoil and poverty .
But although Greeks are proud of their historical place at the heart of European civilization , they ’re often uncertain about their role in the modern club .
And there ’s disappointment that Europe did n’t come more swiftly to their rescue .
“ By the end Greeks did n’t have an option [ about going to the IMF ] , ” said Thanos Contragyis , who helped organize a peaceful protest this weekend against the austerity measures and IMF involvement in Greece .
“ I think Europe had other options , but did not take its responsibility . ”
Although the city of Athens is awash with anti-IMF and anti-EU graffiti , most Greeks reserve their most furious criticism for their own government .
“ Thieves ! ” has become one of rallying cries of protesters , who feel ordinary people are now paying for decades of graft by their leaders .
“ Over the last 20 years , the people in government have stolen our money , ” said Tasos Kefallonitis , an unemployed 28 - year - old who said he participated in the protests on May 5 .
“ In previous times we may have taught people about democracy , but now we do n’t know how it works . ”
“ This is not democracy , ” he added , gesturing at Parliament .
Great news for those who were lucky enough to get into the Swype beta before open registration was closed , a new version of the swipe - to - type QWERTY software keyboard is now available .
The update provides a few improvements and a slew of bug fixes that gets Swype up to date for newer Android phones .
Ever since the last beta update , Android 2.0 users would receive “ Limited Functionality ” errors when rebooting their phone .
That glaring bug has been erradicated , as well as a few other less intrusive hiccups in the software .
A big part of the update also focuses on imrpoving the intuitive use of Swype , including auto apostrophes for contractions such as ‘ wo n’t ’ and ‘ ca n’t ’ and smarter handling of text input fields to keep passwords out of the user defined dictionary and reduce auto - spacing for entry of URLs and e-mail addresses .
If you are currently participating in the beta , your current version of Swype will soon expire and require that you update .
You will need to first uninstall both Swype and the Swype Installer before requesting an e-mail to be sent to your phone containing a link to the updated installer file .
If you missed out on the beta , well you really are missing out .
That being said , there is still no word on when we may see an official release into the Android Market ( though the Samsung Galaxy S and a few other phones are coming with Swype out of the box ) .
The architect Mies van der Rohe is famous for promoting the slogan “ less is more . ”
But if Venkat Chandrasekaran , a graduate student in the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science , had a slogan for his own work , it might be “ more is less . ”
Science , engineering and other quantitative disciplines are largely concerned with uncovering the mathematical relationships between data points — such as energies of molecules , measurements of temperature or gene activity , or stock prices .
In most cases , adding more data points just makes the math more complicated .
But sometimes it makes it simpler .
And for many types of calculations , if there are additional data points that will make them simpler , Chandrasekaran ’s techniques will find them .
To see how adding data points can mean simpler calculations , suppose that you ’re trying to understand the relationships between a bunch of stocks in the same industry sector — say , Apple , Gateway , Dell , Hewlett - Packard and other computer manufacturers .
On the one hand , an increase in Apple ’s share price could mean a decrease in , say , Dell ’s , because Apple and Dell compete for a limited pool of computer buyers ’ dollars ; on the other hand , if large institutional investors are bullish about computer stocks in general , an increase in Apple ’s stock could indicate an increase in Dell ’s as well .
It might be possible to build a complicated mathematical model that , on the basis of considerations like the companies ’ price - to - earnings ratios , trade volumes and revenues determines whether an increase in Apple ’s share price will cause an increase or decrease in Dell ’s — and Gateway ’s , and Hewlett - Packard ’s , and so on .
But it might also turn out that a single extra variable — say , the average price of all the companies ’ stock — provides a good indication of general trends in the sector .
Since the new variable accounts for institutional investors ’ enthusiasm or skittishness , the relationships between the individual stocks no longer have to .
The overall calculation becomes much simpler .
Irrelevant referent
In this case , Chandrasekaran ’s techniques would tell you only that adding another variable — the average stock price — simplifies the overall calculation .
They would n’t tell you why .
And indeed , the extra variable could turn out to be something more complicated than an average .
It might factor in the price - to - earnings ratios of some companies , the revenues of others , the share prices of still others , and so on .
A savvy analyst might be able to deduce that this new , more complex variable represents the trading strategies of a bunch of large hedge funds that concentrate on the computer industry .
But then again , it could be that no one has any idea what the new variable refers to .
“ There ’s this temptation that I even had initially , that you can sort of discover hidden variables , ” says Chandrasekaran .
“ And that ’s true : You can discover hidden variables .
But it ’s not going to be easy to attribute meaning to these hidden variables . ”
For most purposes , however , that may not matter .
“ From the mathematical point of view , just putting these things in helps you simplify , ” Chandrasekaran says .
If the added variable helps you predict Dell ’s share price from Apple ’s , does it really matter what it refers to — or whether it refers to anything at all ?
Getting to the bottom
At the most recent Symposium on System Identification , hosted by the International Federation of Automatic Control , Chandrasekaran and MIT Professors of Electrical Engineering Alan Willsky and Pablo Parrilo described their approach to finding hidden variables that simplify calculations .
Generally , computer science is concerned with questions of computational complexity : Given a particular algorithm , you want to know whether a computer can execute it quickly , slowly or never .
So computer science provides some standard methods for calculating the complexity of mathematical models .
If you have an equation that describes the complexity of a mathematical model , you want to find its minimum values : where the complexity is lowest , the model is simplest , and thus easiest to work with .
If you imagine the graph of the equation as a complex surface with lots of peaks and troughs , you want to find the bottom of the deepest trough .
But that in itself can be a prohibitively complex process .
Computer scientists have developed a host of methods for analyzing such equations and finding solutions that are probably near the bottom of a trough in a particular region of the graph .
For certain types of problems , however , the techniques developed by Chandrasekaran and his colleagues are mathematically guaranteed to find the bottom of the graph ’s lowest trough .
According to Ben Recht , an assistant professor in the University of Wisconsin ’s computer sciences department , “ There are a lot of people who would be surprised if you told them that you could solve this particular hidden - variable problem using [ Chandrasekaran ’s ] methods . ”
He adds , however , that “ it ’s not a general - purpose tool , even for these hidden - variable problems . ”
Chandrasekaran agrees .
In fact , he prefers to describe his methods as “ tricks ” rather than “ techniques , ” because it might require some mathematical insight to determine how to apply them in any particular case .
Still , Recht says , “ he ’s shown that in a relatively large set of cases , you can actually use this .
And it ’s a first step to explore the space of what sorts of problems can be solved using this technology . ”
BP on Monday restarted operations to stream dispersants directly into the main Gulf of Mexico oil leak despite fears the chemicals could themselves be harmful to the environment .
A 1.6 - kilometre - long tube was fed down to the leaking pipe on the sea floor and shot the dispersant directly into the flow , guided by remotely - operated robotic submarines .
State and federal agencies " consented to the third test today of subsea dispersant " , BP spokesman John Curry said .
The test began at 4.30 am " and will continue for 24 hours .
After the test is concluded , further evaluations will be conducted " , Curry said .
( This is a guest post from the author 's blog . )
One of the big debates among China real estate watchers is whether the country ’s apparent property bubble – characterized by frenzied purchase prices , low occupancy rates , and slumping rents — is restricted purely to premier cities like Beijing and Shanghai , or extends to 2nd and 3rd tier cities as well .
I ’ve heard experts insist that it ’s purely a top - tier phenomenon , but the evidence of my eyes and ears tells me that similar market dynamics have taking hold all across China .
An article earlier this week in the Los Angeles Times provides some evidence that I ’m right .
I ’m briefly quoted in the article , mentioning how dependent local governments have become on property sales as a source of revenue ( up to 40 % , according to one central government study ) , which gives them every incentive to keep markets bubbling .
But my little tidbit aside , the article is well worth reading for its account of conditions in Hefei , a 3rd tier city that serves as the capital of Anhui province .
When the author , Beijing - based reporter David Pierson , first called me up and asked about real estate speculation in 2nd and 3rd tier cities , Hefei was one of the first names off the tip of my tongue .
Before 1949 , Hefei was a small market town , and even just a couple years ago , it was a pretty dusty , unassuming place .
Anhui province belongs to what I call ( in my Nine Nations of China framework )
The Crossroads , a largely rural region along the middle Yangtze River that supplies many of China ’s migrant workers .
I ’ve spent some time in Hefei on business , and I ’ve been astounded at the colossal development taking place around its airport .
While impressive in both scale and grandiosity , it just did n’t make sense to me , and was actually one of the first things that got me thinking seriously about the prospect of a property bubble in China .
It just so happened that David had just returned from Hefei , and that the frenetic real estate market there formed the basis for his story .
Noting that average housing prices in Hefei soared 50 % last year , he describes the scene :
Taxi drivers boast of owning multiple flats for investment .
Billboards hawk developments with names such as Villa Glorious and Rich Country .
Frenzied crowds pack sales events with bags of cash , buying units that exist only on blueprints …
While pricey by local standards , [ prices at $ 120,000 per apartment are ] still a fraction of what homes cost in the capital .
That ’s why buyers continue to pour in from across the region , accumulating apartments as a hedge against inflation in a nation where there are few investment alternatives .
More residential units were sold here the first three months of 2010 than in Beijing or Shanghai — cities four times the size of Hefei . . .
About 15 % of the city ’s residents are now estimated to be construction workers . . .
One of the most popular radio programs here is an afternoon talk show called “ Blossom Real Estate . ”
Some prospective buyers get half a dozen text messages a day on their cellphones from developers advertising new properties . . .
“ Everyone in Hefei lives with the real estate industry , ” said Guo Hongbing , a marketing consultant for several developers .
“ You ca n’t escape it . ”
Note several familiar trends I ’ve been mentioning all along : people ( many of them from out of town ) buying multiple apartments they have no intention of occupying ; funds channeled into real estate due to lack of investment alternatives ; a property market that far outstrips the local economy in size and energy ; reliance on construction as a source of jobs ; and buyer psychology approaching obsession .
In particular , David observes the same low occupancy rates that caught my attention in the first place :
All the properties had been sold , and Guo was interested in estimating how many were left empty by investors .
His unscientific method ?
Looking for curtains .
“ See , less than half that building is occupied , ” he said , pointing to one block with several bare windows .
“ These speculators want to buy as many as possible . ”
So is China ’s property bubble limited to Beijing and Shanghai ?
One Chinese economist weighs in :
“ The situation in Hefei is a symbol of the craziness in China ’s real estate market , ” said Cao Jianhai , a professor of economics at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences , a government think tank .
“ Prices in second - and third - tier cities are increasing more dramatically than in the first tier .
It ’s very dangerous , and it puts local banks at risk . ”
For those who are interested in my take on the Chinese government ’s efforts to cool down all this excitement , and whether they will prove effective or not , you may want to check out this syndicated AFP article that quoted me earlier this week .
One of the government ’s main objectives , I note , is simply to signal its intent :
“ The government is sending out signals that it is not going to keep this party going and that has made people more cautious , ” said Patrick Chovanec , an economics professor at Tsinghua University .
But in a comment that did n’t make it into the article , I worried that while investors are getting jittery about prominent markets like Beijing and Shanghai , rather than exiting real estate altogether , they may just be shifting their focus to 2nd and 3rd tier cities .
As for the practical effect of some of the government ’s more piecemeal measures ( such as requiring higher down - payments on mortgages ) , I have my doubts :
Chovanec warned the measures aimed at curbing speculative activity could miss their target because about 50 percent of residential purchases were paid for in cash .
“ Most of the people paying cash are buying their second , third , fourth or fifth unit to hold idle as a place to stash their cash , ” he said .
A holding tax on vacant properties and increased investment options for Chinese people would be more effective in curbing prices , Chovanec said .
digiKam offers several features that can improve photos containing under - or overexposed areas .
For example , the Exposure Blending tool lets you merge multiple shots with different exposures into one perfectly exposed photo .
But what if you have just a single image ?
In this case , you might want to give the Local Contrast feature a try .
It ’s based on the LDR Tonemapping utility which is designed to improve the dynamic range of the photo by reducing its global contrast and increasing the local contrast .
It does so by generating a desaturated and blurred version of the photo .
It then combines the RGB channels of the original photo with the desaturated blurred image using either the Linear or Power function .
Sounds complicated ?
Do n’t worry , the Local Contrast tool is rather straightforward to use , so you do n’t have to understand all its intricacies in order to achieve pleasing results .
Open the photo you want in the editor and choose Enhance | Local Contrast .
The tool lets you apply up to four tonemapping operations called stages .
Each stage offers two parameters for you to tweak : Power and Blur .
The former allows you to specify the desaturation level , while the latter lets you adjust the affected areas on the photo .
To preview the result , hit the Try button .
Once you are satisfied with the result , press OK to apply the process to the photo .
While the Local Constrast tool may sound like an easy way to fix photos , you should use it with care : sometimes it can do more damage than good , producing unnaturally looking photos .
In the previous article Does Rails Performance Need an Overhaul ?
we had discussed the fact that proper Ruby threading is hindered by various broken native extensions .
Writing a native extension for Ruby is pretty easy , however writing it right can not only be difficult , but can also be an obscure practice that requires l33t sk1 llz because of the lack of documentation in this area .
We ’ve written several native extensions so far and in the process of figuring out how to make threading - friendly native extensions we had to wade through tons of Ruby source code .
In this article I want to teach some best practices in the writing of threading - friendly native extensions .
Threading basics
As discussed in the previous article , Ruby 1.8 implements userspace threads , meaning that no matter how many Ruby threads you have , only one can run at a time , and only on a single CPU core .
The threads are scheduled by Ruby itself , not by the operating system .
Ruby 1.9 implements native operating system threads .
However it has a global interpreter lock which must be locked when the thread is running Ruby code .
This effectively makes Ruby 1.9 single threaded most of the time .
With both Ruby 1.8 and 1.9 threads , system calls such as I/O operations can block the thread and preventing Ruby from context switching to another .
Thus , system calls require special attention .
Expensive calculations that do not involve system calls can also block the thread , but something can be done those as well , as you will read later on .
Handling I/
O
Suppose that you have a file descriptor on which you want to perform some potentially blocking I/O .
The naive approach is to perform the I/O command anyway and risk blocking the entire Ruby process .
This is exactly what makes the mysql extension thread - unfriendly : while waiting on MySQL no other threads can run , grinding your multi- threaded Rails web app to a halt .
However there are a number of functions in your arsenal that you can use to combat this problem .
And as a general rule , you should set to file descriptors to non-blocking mode .
rb_thread_wait_fd(fd )
Just before performing a blocking read , you should call rb_thread_wait_fd ( ) on the file descriptor that you ’re reading from .
On 1.8 , this function marks the current thread as waiting for readable data on this file descriptor and then invokes the scheduler .
The scheduler uses the select ( ) system call to check which file descriptors are readable and then selects a thread which may continue .
If the file descriptor that you were waiting on is not readable , then your thread will be suspended until the next time the scheduler is invoked and selects your thread .
But even if the file descriptor is immediately readable , the scheduler does not guarantee that your thread will be selected immediately .
On 1.9 , rb_thread_wait_fd ( ) simply unlocks the global interpreter lock , calls the select ( ) system call on the given file descriptor , and re-acquires the global interpreter lock when select ( ) returns .
While select ( ) is blocking , other threads can run .
As an optimization , if only the main thread exists then this function does nothing .
This applies to both 1.8 and 1.9 .
rb_thread_fd_writable(fd )
This works the same as rb_thread_fd ( ) , but waits until the given file descriptor becomes writable .
The single - thread optimization applies here too .
You should call rb_thread_fd_writable ( ) just before you perform a write I /O operation .
rb_thread_select ()
To wait on multiple file descriptors , use this function instead of select ( ) or poll ( ) .
Unlike the native system calls , this function will take care of invoking the scheduler or unlocking the global interpreter lock .
Unlike rb_thread_wait_fd ( ) and rb_thread_fd_writable ( ) , there is no do - nothing - when - there ’s - only - one - thread optimization here so it will always invoke the scheduler and call select ( ) .
rb_io_wait_readable ( )
I / O system calls can return a variety of error codes that indicate that you should restart the system call , such as EINTR ( system call interrupted by signal ) and EAGAIN ( the file descriptor is set to non-blocking mode and the data is not yet available ) .
You should therefore always call I / O system calls in a loop until it returns success or a different error code .
You must however not forget to call rb_thread_wait_fd ( ) or rb_thread_select ( ) before you restart the system call , or you will risk blocking the thread again .
Ruby provides a function rb_io_wait_readable ( ) to aid you in writing restart code .
This function should be called right after your I/O reading system call has returned .
It checks whether the system call should be restarted ( returning Qtrue ) or whether you should report an error ( returning Qfalse ) .
Here ’s a code example :
int done = 0 ; int ret ; /*
Have the Ruby scheduler suspend this thread until the file descriptor becomes * readable ; or if this is the only thread in the system , rb_thread_wait_fd ( ) does * nothing and we immediately continue to the ' do ' loop .
*/ rb_thread_wait_fd(fd ) ; do { /*
Actually you should surround your system call with some more code , but * we 'll get to this later .
This example code is only partial .
*/ ret = ... your read system call here ... if ( ret == - 1 ) { if ( rb_io_wait_readable ( fd ) == Qfalse ) { ... throw an exception here ... } /* else restart loop */ } else { done = 1 ; } } while ( ! done ) ;
rb_io_wait_readable ( ) checks whether errno equals EINTR or ERESTART , in which case it will call rb_thread_wait_for ( ) on the file descriptor and return Qtrue .
If errno is EAGAIN or EWOULDBLOCK then it calls rb_thread_select ( ) on the file descriptor and returns true .
Otherwise it returns false .
The difference between calling rb_thread_wait_for ( ) and rb_thread_select ( ) here is subtle , but important .
The former only blocks ( calls select ( ) on the file descriptor ) when there are multiple Ruby threads in the Ruby process , while the latter always blocks no matter what .
This behavior is important because EAGAIN and EWOULDBLOCK occur when a non-blocking file descriptor is not yet readable ; if we do n’t block here on a select ( ) then the code will enter a 100 % CPU busy loop .
rb_io_wait_writable ( )
Works the same way as rb_io_wait_readable ( ) .
Use this for I/O write operations instead .
Sleeping
Use rb_thread_wait_for ( ) instead of sleep ( ) or usleep ( ) .
On 1.8 rb_thread_wait_for ( ) marks the current thread as sleeping for a period of time and then invokes the scheduler , which does not select this thread until the period of time has expired .
On 1.9 Ruby unlocks the global interpreter lock , calls some sleeping function , and then re-locks it after that function returns .
Other non-I/O blocking system calls
Sometimes you will want to wait on a blocking system call that is n’t related to I/O , such as waitpid ( ) .
There are several ways to deal with these kind of system calls .
Blocking outside the global interpreter lock
This method only works on Ruby 1.9 .
Unlock the global interpreter lock , do your thing , then re-locks it .
Dealing with the global interpreter lock will be discussed later .
Non-blocking polling
Some system calls have non-blocking equivalents which return a certain error instead of blocking .
For example waitpid ( ) blocks by default , but it can be set to non-blocking by passing the WNOHANG flag , which causes it to return immediately with an error instead of blocking .
You must call the non-blocking version in a loop .
Upon detecting a blocking error , you must call rb_thread_polling ( ) .
On 1.8 this function lets the scheduler put the current thread to sleep for 60 msec , on 1.9 for 100 msec .
For example , Ruby ’s Process # waitpid function does not block other threads .
On 1.9 it simply unlocks the global interpreter lock while blocking on waitpid ( ) .
On 1.8 it is implemented as follows ( simplified version ) :
retry : int result = waitpid ( ... , WNOHANG ) ; if ( result < 0 ) { if ( errno == EINTR ) { /*
Process is n't ready yet .
Tell the scheduler and then restart the call . */ rb_thread_polling ( ) ; goto retry ; } else { ... throw exception ... } }
The actual code is actually more optimized than this .
For example if there 's only a single thread in the system then it calls waitpid ( ) without WNOHANG and just have it block .
Calling the system call in a native OS thread and use I/O to report results
This is probably the most complex way but on 1.8 sometimes you do n't have any choice .
On 1.9 you should always prefer unlocking the global interpreter lock over this method .
Create a pipe , then spawn a native OS thread which calls the system call .
When the system call is done , have your native thread report the result back via the pipe .
On the Ruby side , use rb_thread_wait_fd ( ) and friends to block on the pipe and then receive the results .
Be sure to join the thread after you 've read the result because rb_thread_wait_fd ( ) does not necessarily block until there is data , so when rb_thread_wait_fd ( ) returns it is not guaranteed that the thread has returned yet .
Another thing to watch out for is that your thread must not refer to data that 's on the Ruby thread 's stack .
This is because Ruby overwrites the main OS thread 's C stack upon context switching to another Ruby thread .
For example code like this is not OK :
static void thread_main ( int * value ) { /* ' value ' here refers to the ' value ' variable on foobar 's stack , but * that data is overwritten when Ruby context switches , so we * really can't use ' value ' here ! */ } /* Native extension Ruby method . */ static void foobar ( ) { int value = 1234 ; thread_t thread = create_a_thread ( thread_main , &value ) ; ... do something which can cause a Ruby thread context switch ... join_thread ( thread ) ; }
To pass data to the thread , you should put the data on the heap instead of the stack .
This is OK :
typedef struct { ... } Data ; static void thread_main ( Data * data ) { /* ' data ' is safe to access .
*/ } /* Native extension Ruby method . */ static void foobar ( ) { Data * data = malloc( sizeof ( Data ) ) ; thread_t thread = create_a_thread ( thread_main , data ) ; ... do something which can cause a Ruby thread context switch ... join_thread ( thread ) ; free ( data ) ; }
Heavy CPU computations
Not only blocking system calls can block other threads , CPU - heavy computation code can also do that .
While executing non-Ruby - API C code , context switching to other threads is not possible .
Calls to Ruby APIs may sometimes cause context switching .
However there are several ways to make context switching possible while running CPU - heavy computations .
Unlocking the global interpreter lock
This only works on 1.9 .
Unlock the global interpreter lock and then call the computation code , and relock when done .
Consider BCrypt - Ruby as an example .
BCrypt is a very heavy hashing algorithm used for securely hashing passwords ; depending on the configured cost it could need several minutes to calculate a hash .
We 've recently patched BCrypt - Ruby to unlock the global interpreter lock while running the BCrypt algorithm , so that when you run BCrypt - Ruby in multiple threads the algorithms can be spread across multiple CPU cores .
However , be aware of the fact that unlocking and relocking the global interpreter lock comes with some overhead as well .
Unlocking and relocking the global interpreter lock is only worth it if you know that the computation is going to take a while ( say , longer than 50 msec ) .
If the computation time is short then you will actually make your code slower because of all the locking overhead .
Therefore BCrypt - Ruby only unlocks the global interpreter lock if the BCrypt cost is set to 9 or higher .
Explicit yielding
You can call rb_thread_schedule ( ) once in a while to force context switching to another thread .
However this approach does not allow your code to make use of multiple cores even if you 're on 1.9 .
Running the C code in a native OS thread
This is pretty much the same approach as described by " Calling the system call in a native OS thread and use I /O to report results " .
In my opinion , unless your computation takes a very long time , implementing this is almost never worth the trouble .
For BCrypt - Ruby we did n't bother : if you want multi-core support in BCrypt - Ruby you need to be on 1.9 .
TRAP_BEG / TRAP_END and the global interpreter lock
TRAP_BEG and TRAP_END
On 1.8 , you should surround system calls with calls to TRAP_BEG and TRAP_END .
TRAP_BEG performs some preparation work .
TRAP_END performs a variety of things :
It checks whether there are any pending signals , e.g. whether the user pressed Ctrl - C .
If so it will raise an appropriate SignalException .
It also calls the scheduler if a certain amount of time has been spent on the current thread .
On 1.9 TRAP_BEG and TRAP_END are macros that unlock and lock the global interpreter lock .
However these macros are deprecated and are likely to disappear in the future so you should not use them on 1.9 .
Instead , you should use rb_thread_blocking_region ( ) .
On 1.9 TRAP_BEG and TRAP_END are defined in ruby / backward /rubysig.h .
rb_thread_blocking_region ( )
This is a 1.9 - specific function which allows you to call a function outside the global interpreter lock .
Its declaration is as follows :
rb_thread_blocking_region(rb_blocking_function_t * func , void * data1 , rb_unblock_function_t *ubf , void * data2 ) ;
func is a pointer to a function that is to be called outside the global interpreter lock .
This function must look similar to :
VALUE foobar ( void * data )
The data passed via the data1 parameter is passed to the function .
ubf is either RUBY_UBF_IO ( indicating that you 're performing some kind of I / O operation ) or RUBY_UBF_PROCESS ( indicating that you 're calling some kind of process management system call ) .
However I 'm not sure what this parameter exactly does .
data2 is supposedly passed to ubf when it 's called .
The return value of this function is the return value of func .
Global interpreter lock caveats
Do not call any Ruby API functions while the global interpreter lock is unlocked !
No rb_yield ( ) , rb_str_new ( ) , or anything .
The entirety of the Ruby API is only safe to call when the global interpreter lock is obtained .
U.S. President Barack Obama on Tuesday pledged commitment to the establishment of a sovereign Palestinian state and vowed to hold both Israel and the Palestinians accountable if either side takes actions that " undermine trust " during U.S. - mediated talks launched this week .
In a telephone conversation with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas , Obama welcomed the beginning of indirect Israeli - Palestinian peace negotiations and reiterated his strong support for the two - state solution .
The U.S. leader also urged both parties to " negotiate seriously and in good faith and to move from proximity talks to direct negotiations as soon as possible , " the White House said .
Obama expressed during the conversation his appreciation for Abbas ' recent gesture by appearing on Israeli television , and urged the president to prevent any acts of incitement or de-legitimization of Israel from the Palestinian people .
Earlier Tuesday , the Quartet of Middle East peace - brokers also urged Israel and the Palestinian Authority to pursue the proximity talks in " good faith " to prepare for full - fledged negotiations on settling their conflict .
Open gallery view Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and U.S. President Barack Obama Credit : Archive
The group welcomed the first round of talks held on Sunday with U.S. Middle East envoy George Mitchell shuttling between Jerusalem and Ramallah .
" These talks are a significant step toward direct , bilateral negotiations and comprehensive peace in the Middle East , " the quartet said in a statement issued at UN headquarters in New York .
The group is composed of the United Nations , the European Union , the United States and Russia .
The statement said that comprehensive peace is based on the establishment of an " independent and viable Palestinian state living side by side in peace and security with Israel and its neighbors . "
" The quartet calls on all concerned to promote an atmosphere conducive to the talks and to act on the basis of previous agreements and obligations , " the statement said .
The U.S. government said Sunday that the first round of talks ended with " serious and wide - ranging " compromises from both sides .
The two sides had taken " steps to create an atmosphere that is conducive to successful talks , " State Department spokesman Philip Crowley said in a statement .
Did you spill water on laptop keyboard , keys not working ?
Well this happens to most of us when we are tempted to down a soda , water , coffee , or other liquid while typing away at our keyboard and ultimately paying the price for it .
But here is a complete guide to fix laptop liquid spills .
It ’s not a fallproof plan , however , so if you find it still is n’t working after doing these steps you might want to get a new laptop .
If you ca n’t afford a new one then you can look into refurbished laptops that work just as well as new ones for cheaper .
Tip : Fix : Keyboard or Mouse Stops Responding
Fixing Laptop Liquid Spills
# 1 Act Fast – Shut Down !
– Instead of panicking and cursing yourself , immediately remove the battery , the A/C adapter , and unplug the device after the spill .
The biggest danger at first is the device shorting out .
# 2 Keep Yourself Ready –
The best way to avoid any damage from laptop liquid spill damage is by keeping yourself ready .
Make sure you have the following items nearby .
– Paper towels , cotton swabs , ear buds , Towels etc .
# 3 Turn your Laptop – Turn it to drain out excess water ( see video ) .
If its any other liquid , take a second to assess the location and quantity of the spill .
If its just a few drops on a keyboard , you might be able to get away with prying off the surrounding keys and wiping down the affected area .
Use alcohol swabs , which break up stains and dry very quickly .
If the spill doesnt appear to be limited to the surface of the keys and the parts below them , then scrub upits time for surgery .
( Follow Step 5 before )
# 5 Let it Dry –
Be completely sure that the parts are dry before you proceed .
As with rinsing , there are different theories on drying :
Dry naturally .
Prop the machine up , away from surfaces , so that air can circulate in and around the entire unit .
Leave the machine to dry for 24 to 48 hours .
Dry with light heat .
Place your deck on a warm radiator or on top of a warm sill or shelf – out of direct sunlight – or near other source of warmth .
Do not use high levels of heat , just moderately warm sources of heat .
Let it dry for 12 hours , or so .
A nearby dehumidifier may improve drying time .
High heat will drive moisture and humidity further into the device and will ensure ongoing problems as that moisture causes oxidation and corrosion .
Random : Install Laptop Hard Drive , Upgrade RAM Memory
# 6 Take it Apart – Using your tiny screwdriver open up the device .
Obviously theres no one - size - fits - all guide for taking apart gadgets , but here are a few guidelines to follow :
You may need to use some force to pry apart your device , but be careful , especially with circuit boards .
If something seems to be taking more force to pull apart than it should , check again for hidden screws .
Be careful to save all your screws as you go .
Dont just throw them all into a coffee mug , either , because most gadgets have several different - size screws in them , and youll need to remember which goes where when you put everything back together .
If something is particularly complicated , and youre afraid you wont be able to put it back when youre done , grab a digital camera and snap some photos before you start taking stuff apart .
Your ultimate goal is to expose any circuit boards or other electronics that might have gotten spilled on .
If youre taking apart a laptop , this means youll need to isolate the motherboard .
My really techie friend told me that he might be able to design me the part I need using a software similar to what can be found at Upverter.com to build parts I needed apparently because the parts in my laptop were hard to find ?
I ’m not an expert so I do n’t quote me on that .
Video Guide : Taking Apart a Laptop – Fix Laptop Liquid Spills
Random : Make Unclear Text Fonts on Laptop Screen Look Better
# 7 Clean It Off –
Once youve exposed the circuitry in your device , youll have to clean off the stain .
If you can see that the stain is contained in a certain part of the board , you can use alcohol swabs , as described above , to clean it off .
If an entire circuit board is soiled , youll need to resort to more drastic measures : completely disconnect it from the rest of the gadget and run it under soapy water .
Wipe off everything with towels , swabs and ear buds .
Dry them off completely ( Step 5 again ) .
Put back everything together and hope for some luck .
All the Best !!
Also See : Replacing Laptop Keyboard Disable , Remove Faulty KeyPad
Share
tweet
I ’ve always wondered what it would be like to shrink down small enough so I could magically jump into my favorite video games .
I ’d just crawl right inside the console and figure out a way to worm myself into the action .
Sure , you can say that ’s scientifically impossible , but whatever .
A man does n’t need to worry about your so - called “ facts of science ” when he ’s got a dream and the will to see it through .
If these pieces of Video Game Console Architecture were real and not just a set of awesome renderings by photographer Joseph Ford and a team of digital magicians , my dreams might somehow , someway , reach fruition .
But alas , these renderings are nothing more than clever digital manipulation .
Link [ via ]
Socceroos player ratings for the 1 - 0 friendly win over Denmark at Ruimsig Stadium :
MARK SCHWARZER : One brilliant second - half diving save stopped a certain Danish goal .
Otherwise little to do in a game of few clear - cut chances .
Struggled with distribution from goal - perhaps because of the new balls .
Rating : 7 .
Solid game ... Mark Schwarzer Credit : Getty Images
LUKE WILKSHIRE : A welcome return .
Caused problems with his set - pieces and attacking thrust forward down right flank , and excellent defensively .
Australia 's best on the day .
Rating : 9 .
CRAIG MOORE : Far more polished effort than his lambasted performance against New Zealand .
Looked composed and in control and easily had measure of Danes ' attack .
All positive signs ahead of World Cup .
Rating : 7 .
China now finances a majority of the public energy projects underway in Ecuador .
Recent deals include an 85 % stake in a hydroelectric dam that will cover a third of the country 's energy needs by 2016 .
Chinese firms will also take charge of most construction .
As you can imagine if another country controlled our utilities , many Ecuadorians are extemely anxious , reports Asia Times :
For his part , former Ecuadorean vice president Leon Roldos ( 1981 - 1984 ) maintained that the loan is illegal , because it finances a " turn - key contract " without " definitive studies or detail engineering " , which he said is expressly prohibited by law .
Ecuadorians are also upset by loans they call larger than necessary :
Another contradiction , Roldos argued , is that although it is a fixed price contract , the financing deal is based on price indexing - adjusting amounts by the change over time in prices - for materials and labor power " using a more generous formula than the one normally used for Ecuador 's public procurements " .
In an article published last week by the El Comercio newspaper , the former vice president said the dam was " severely overpriced " because the $ 1.98 billion price tag is $ 400 million higher than the cost projected in 2008 .
Is China purchasing its own Latin American country ?
Meanwhile see how China has cornered the international oil market >
For a first date , things were going fairly well .
We were at Megu , a pricey Japanese restaurant in Midtown Manhattan , eating perfectly cooked Kobe beef .
My companion , a wealthy finance type , was telling me all about himself and posing questions that suggested he was interested in me .
Then , matter - of - factly , he said , “ Whether I met you on the site or at the Standard , you ’d cost me at least 10 grand a month . ”
The site he was referring to was Seeking Arrangement , an online network that pairs people possessing resources ( “ sugar daddies ” and “ sugar mommies ” ) with those , usually much younger , seeking them ( “ sugar babies ” ) .
I had become a member a few weeks earlier , partly as a social experiment and partly out of genuine desperation .
I was frustrated with my job , which offered little upward mobility , and was thinking about quitting it to pursue my goal of becoming a full - time freelance writer .
Holding me back were my lack of savings and my fear of sacrificing a regular paycheck .
If I had a hefty allowance from a generous benefactor , though , I figured that I could take the leap comfortably .
The idea of wealthy older people supporting struggling younger ones is nothing revolutionary , after all — look what Peggy Guggenheim did for Jackson Pollock or the Tuohys did for N.F.L. star Michael Oher .
So what if I had to tap into my inner geisha to secure a patron ?
To overcome my reservations about walking the line between dating and prostitution , I told myself that any such concerns were the result of societal conditioning .
The idea that mixing money and mating is inherently bad , I reasoned , was a fallacy based on our collective obsession with moralizing sex .
Mating rituals involving the exchange of gifts — be they hunks of meat , small fishes , or diamond rings — are ingrained in many species , from apes to seabirds , to humans .
It is only natural for males to target cues to fertility such as youth and beauty , and for females to be drawn to displays of resources .
Why sneer at suspected gold diggers like Heather Mills or the late Anna Nicole Smith if they were merely following their evolutionary instincts ?
With all of this in mind , I created my Seeking Arrangement profile .
Since I was still a bit hesitant about how far I ’d be willing to take my experiment , I signed up using the pseudonym Annabelle Walker .
The site , which launched in 2006 , has about 420,000 members , of which roughly one - third are sugar daddies and two - thirds are sugar babies ( sugar mommies account for less than one percent ) .
While sugar daddies pay $ 49.95 per month for a premium membership ( or $ 1,200 a month for Diamond Club certification , which requires verification of one ’s net worth through tax - return data ) , as a sugar baby I was able to join for free .
I uploaded two photos and listed some general information about myself , and I stated “ open , amount negotiable ” in the space that asks what you ’re looking for .
( Seeking Arrangement skirts the issue of prostitution by promoting the exchange of “ intimacy and companionship ” for “ gifts . ” )
I took a deep breath and posted my profile , determined to focus on New York–based single men claiming to be worth at least $ 10 million .
But back to Megu and my date , whom I ’ll call Hank .
( Throughout this article , I ’ve changed the names of the men I dated to protect their privacy . )
Initially , he drew my suspicion with the cocky , typo - ridden message he sent me on Seeking Arrangement : “ i think i maybe waht you r looking for ; read my profile and if you r interested drop me a line .. you wont be disappointed . ”
Then I saw his net worth — $ 100 million — and the amount he was willing to spend on a girlfriend : $ 10,000 to $ 20,000 per month .
That would be enough to cover my living expenses and leave me with thousands in disposable income .
The rest of Hank ’s profile , which told me that he was middle - aged , played sports , and worked in finance , was of less interest .
We told you you could shave down your old and busted SIM cards and turn them into minty fresh Micro SIMs , did n't we ?
An industrious Londoner by the name of John Benson has gone and proven that concept with the help of some cutting implements and an original Micro SIM to use as a reference .
His saintly patience resulted in his being able to negotiate the Vodafone SIM you see above into his iPad 3G ( imported from the USA ) and riding the waves of Voda 's network as if Apple never decided to encumber its portable device with a silly new standard .
The 3FF ( Micro ) SIMs and the bulkier original ones are electrically identical , so there 's no threat of harm by using them interchangeably , though we can't say the same thing about the tools that get you there .
As always , we advise trying to rope someone else into doing the work for you -- less chance of hurting yourself that way .
Hit the source for more .
[ Thanks , Brandon ]
A little while back I had a technology director tell me it does n’t matter how well code is written as long as it works without breaking and gets the job done on time .
Why sweat it using complicated techniques that not everyone understands when there are more simple ways to do the work .
After all , things can look the same on the surface regardless of it being well engineered or put together with duct tape and glue .
This guy liked the intellectually lazy , brute force approach .
Do n’t think .
Just start coding now and get it done .
Copy and Paste are now your two best friends .
Well , mankind did build the pyramids with Stone Age technology .
So I suppose there ’s a lot you can accomplish with brute force , but I prefer to use my brain .
Writing software is a very creative discipline that requires a lot of abstract thinking about organization and performance .
There are thousands of ways an application could be engineered .
It first involves thoughtful planning at the beginning before a single line of code is ever considered .
Writing beautiful code is not just some nerdy game programmers engage in to see who can sit atop nerd mountain with their 4 x scepter of insight .
It ’s about pure design that solves a problem .
And there ’s a real benefit to business .
Beautiful code saves money .
Beautiful code makes money .
Ugly code gets work done quicker , but it ’s like winning the battle , and losing the war .
In time , bugs pop up and clients make changes that are impossible to accommodate .
Sounds like time for an analogy .
Web sites and applications have a lot in common with cars ; they both have a purpose and a personality .
Just as we judge a car as being good or bad for a multitude of reasons , we can draw our analogy from these similar evaluations .
A car is designed around the driver , but for many it ’s what ’s under the hood that counts .
Engines can be a mystery though .
Sure , people get the basics , but it takes a mechanic to be able to take it apart and put it back together and an engineer to create one from scratch .
When we run a piece of software we look at obvious performance issues .
Does it run ?
How often does it break ?
Most people you work with will get it up to this point .
And from what I have seen , they only care about it up to this point .
But , what about real performance ?
In the automotive world , performance is well marketed to consumers .
They take a certain feature , give it a name , and tell the consumer to want it .
Traction control , dual overhead cams , and fuel injection are sold to the public regardless if they have a clue about what it means .
The car nerds understand dual overhead cams makes for a more powerful engine .
The general public just knows it goes faster .
Beautiful code is high performance .
And everyone wants that because it ’s faster .
Google markets their speed .
Type in any topic and you will see at the top of each page a list of how many things were returned and how fast you got them .
It ’s really impressive when you stop to consider how much data is being sorted to return relevant information .
It does n’t matter if you are writing code or building an engine , you ca n’t get good performance from a lack of engineering .
Speed is good , but maintenance is even more import .
Cars are expensive to maintain and so is software .
A study conducted by Human Factors International found that 80 % of software life - cycle costs occur during the maintenance phase .
Okay , cars are n’t as expensive to maintain as software , but you get the point .
Well written software is designed to be updated , changed , bitch - slapped or whatever .
It should take it like a man .
There are real financial consequences when code takes a long time to update .
It can even cancel a project .
What I have noticed over the years is regardless of what I am told ; I always end up having to go back into something to make edits .
As important as this is , there is one more reason why the quality matters .
If an engine is well built , you can put it in several other cars .
Good reusable code works the same way .
If it ’s done well , it can be placed in many applications .
There is a business law that states the cost of products and services go down over time .
It ’s called the experience curve .
Businesses find cheaper and quicker ways of getting the work done .
When a cheaper way to do business is found , a company charges less to increase volume , or operates with higher profit margins .
Either way competitors are adversely affected .
Beautiful code can become that competitive advantage to manage the curve .
It ’s all about money .
It usually is .
Ugly code may look like the practical choice .
It ’s an easy solution when you become defined by deadlines .
Some programmers work that way , but surviving is n’t thriving .
For businesses to grow and stay competitive they have to have a culture that prizes beautiful code .
University researchers have taken a close look at the computer systems used to run today 's cars and discovered new ways to hack into them , sometimes with frightening results .
In a paper set to be presented at a security conference in Oakland , California , next week , the security researchers say that by connecting to a standard diagnostic computer port included in late - model cars , they were able to do some nasty things , such as turning off the brakes , changing the speedometer reading , blasting hot air or music on the radio , and locking passengers in the car .
( See a slide show of the researchers ' methods and results . )
In a late 2009 demonstration at a decommissioned airfield in Blaine Washington , they hacked into a test car 's electronic braking system and prevented a test driver from braking a moving car -- no matter how hard he pressed on the brakes .
In other tests , they were able to kill the engine , falsify the speedometer reading , and automatically lock the car 's brakes unevenly , a maneuver that could destabilize the car traveling high speeds .
They ran their test by plugging a laptop into the car 's diagnostic system and then controlling that computer wirelessly , from a laptop in a vehicle riding next to the car .
The point of the research is n't to scare a nation of drivers , already made nervous by stories of software glitches , faulty brakes and massive automotive recalls .
It 's to warn the car industry that it needs to keep security in mind as it develops more sophisticated automotive computer systems .
" We think this is an industry issue , " said Stefan Savage , an associate professor with the University of California , San Diego .
Little Risk . . .
Now
He and co-researcher Tadayoshi Kohno of the University of Washington , describe the real - world risk of any of the attacks they 've worked out as extremely low .
An attacker would have to have sophisticated programming abilities and also be able to physically mount some sort of computer on the victim 's car to gain access to the embedded systems .
But as they look at all of the wireless and Internet - enabled systems the auto industry is dreaming up for tomorrow 's cars , they see some serious areas for concern .
" If there 's no action taken on the part of all the relevant stakeholders , then I think there might be a reason to be concerned , " Kohno said .
Neither he nor Savage would name the maker of the car they conducted their tests on .
They do n't want to single out any one auto - maker , they said .
That probably comes as a relief to whomever made the car the researchers probed , as they found it pretty easy to hack .
" In starting this project we expected to spend significant effort reverse - engineering , with non-trivial effort to identify and exploit each subtle vulnerability , " they write in their paper .
" However , we found existing automotive systems - at least those we tested - to be tremendously fragile . "
To hack the cars , they needed to learn about the Controller Area Network ( CAN ) system , mandated as a diagnostic tool for all U.S. cars built , starting in 2008 .
They developed a program called CarShark that listens in on CAN traffic as it's sent about the onboard network , and then built ways to add their own network packets .
Step - by - step , they figured out how to take over computer - controlled car systems : the radio , instrument panel , engine , brakes , heating and air conditioning , and even the body controller system , used to pop the trunk , open windows , lock doors and toot the horn .
They developed a lot of attacks using a technique called " fuzzing " -- where they simply spit a large number of random packets at a component and see what happens .
" The computer control is essential to a lot of the safety features that we depend on , " Savage said .
" When you expose those same computers to an attack , you can have very surprising results , such as you put your foot down on a brake pedal and it does n't stop . "
Fragile Firmware
Another discovery : although industry standards say that onboard systems are supposed to be protected against unauthorized firmware updates , the researchers found that they could change the firmware on some systems without any sort of authentication .
In one attack that the researchers call " Self - destruct " they launch a 60 second countdown on the driver 's dashboard that 's accompanied by a clicking noise , and then finally warning honks in the final seconds .
As the time hits zero , the car 's engine is killed and the doors are locked .
This attack takes less than 200 lines of code -- most of it devoted to keeping time during the countdown .
Hacking a car is n't for the faint - hearted .
At several points the team worried it might have come close to permanently damaging the two identical - make cars it experimented with , but that never happened , Kohno said .
" You really do n't want software to accidentally change critical parts of the transmission , " he said .
Robert McMillan can be reached at robert_mcmillan@idg.com .
He is on Twitter at : http://twitter.com/bobmcmillan
Like a rite of passage , when June begins and May ends , it 's time for teenagers to get out of school and look for a summer job .
Be it pizza place or camp or McDonalds , a job is key in both learning experience and cash reserves .
But this year , the job market for teens will become more congested and competitive .
EconomPic points out that this could be the worst summer for jobs for teenagers since the Great Depression : " ... while the unemployment rate among 16 - 17 year olds is 29.1 % ( from a 1980 's peak of 27.1 % ) , that rate is missing the fact that high school age kids quite simply are no longer bothering to look for jobs , thus are not counted in the unemployment rate . "
Thus the proper way to look at things is the percentage of of the employed population comprised of said age group , and when looking at it that way , you can see why there will be plenty of idle hands this summer .
Updated 2:30 p.m. ET
Hurricane
Alex 's rough seas have pushed more oil from the massive spill onto Gulf Coast beaches and sidelined dozens of cleanup vessels .
In Louisiana , Alex pushed an oil patch toward Grand Isle and uninhabited Elmer 's Island , dumping tar balls as big as apples onto the beach , and in Alabama , normally white sand was streaked with long lines of oil , reports the Associated Press .
Follow Green House on Twitter
Track Hurricane
Alex with this map
" The sad thing is that it 's been about three weeks since we had any big oil come in here , " marine science technician Michael Malone told the AP .
" With this weather , we lost all the progress we made . "
Alex , which strengthened into the season 's first Atlantic hurricane late Tuesday and is the first June hurricane since 1995 , prompted residents along the southern coast of Texas to evacuate , reports USA TODAY colleague Marisol Bello .
It will likely make landfall near the Mexico - Texas border tonight .
Because of Alex 's 80 - mph maximum winds and huge waves , dozens of oil - skimming boats were returned to shore Tuesday in Louisiana , Florida , Alabama and Mississippi .
They 're expected to remain out of operation for days .
Some barges , designed to block oil from sensitive wetlands , were also removed because of rough seas .
Meanwhile , the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency released its test results of dispersants used to break up oil , including the one -- Corexit 9500 -- that BP has been using in the Gulf .
EPA found none of the eight it tested displayed biologically significant endocrine disrupting activity .
" We want to ensure that every tool is available to mitigate the impact of the BP spill and protect our fragile wetlands , " EPA Administrator Lisa P. Jackson said Wednesday in announcing the results .
"
But we continue to direct BP to use dispersants responsibly and in as limited an amount as possible . "
Also Wednesday , U.S. Interior Secretary Ken Salazar said he is trying to finalize a new offshore drilling moratorium after a federal court struck down the administration 's initial six - month drilling ban , reports Reuters .
His comments came as a U.S. Senate committee voted to eliminate limits on liability that oil companies could face for damages from offshore spills .
The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service will coordinate a plan in the coming weeks to save thousands of sea turtle hatchling , a threatened species , from dying in oily Gulf waters , reports the AP .
The effort involves collecting about 70,000 turtle eggs in up to 800 nests buried in the sand across Florida Panhandle and Alabama beaches .
Since the spill began April 20 , 70.8 million to 137.6 million gallons of oil have leaked into the Gulf of Mexico from BP 's broken Macondo well , according to government and BP estimates .
The higher estimate is enough oil to fill half of New York 's Empire State Building , according to AP .
More oil - collection help could arrive once the hurricane passes because the United States has accepted offers of assistance from international organizations and 12 countries including Mexico , Norway , Holland , Japan , Croatia and Canada , reports AP .
You , of course , know that the Gulf of Mexico has become an environmental catastrophe , following the April explosion , fire , and sinking of Transocean 's ( NYSE : RIG ) Deepwater Horizon while it was in the employ of BP ( NYSE : BP ) .
But what you may not yet recognize is that , from a business perspective , the Gulf is starting to suck air .
Oh sure , BP is in trouble , big trouble .
Indeed , Matt Simmons , the chairman emeritus of energy - oriented investment banker Simmons & Co. International , predicted as recently as Tuesday on CNBC that the company likely wo n't last more than a matter of months .
His rationale :
It 's not capable of cleaning up a mess like the one now spreading across the gulf .
But the difficulties do n't stop there .
Indeed , little attention has been paid to other companies dunked in the soup by the BP mess .
As you know , President Obama has slapped a six - month moratorium on gulf drilling at depths in excess of 500 feet , idling 33 deepwater - capable rigs in various stages of exploration or production .
But did you know that fully five of those rigs were being operated by Royal Dutch Shell ( NYSE : RDS-A ) ?
And if that were n't enough , along with the gulf pullback , the feds have put at least a temporary kibosh on Shell 's plans to spend most of this summer drilling five exploratory wells in the Beaufort and Chukchi seas off Alaska .
Further , there are other ramifications beginning to surface for both the producers and the oilfield service companies .
For instance , Houston - based Cobalt International Energy has invoked force majeure on a contract for a Diamond Offshore ( NYSE : DO ) rig that was preparing to drill of the coast of Louisiana .
According to Cobalt , it expects the action to cost it about $ 15 million .
There almost certainly will be more force majeure declarations , along with resulting lawsuits initiated by feisty service companies .
For instance , service boat operator Hornbeck Offshore ( NYSE : HOS ) has already declared its intention to defend the enforcement of contracts against such claims .
So has Noble ( NYSE : NE ) , which had force majeure declared against it by Anadarko Petroleum ( NYSE : APC ) and does n't plan to let the oil company off the hook .
Clearly a more serious and lasting consequence of all this action would be Simmons ' predication that , " once the moratorium ends , we have to build a new generation of equipment . "
That likely will lead to many of the rigs now serving the gulf migrating to international locations in something like a mass exodus .
Taken one step farther , that disruption can't possibly benefit the thousands of rig hands currently working in the gulf .
But what approach should you take as an energy investor ?
My advice is to weather the storm under some shares of an ideal industry proxy , ExxonMobil .
You can then venture into other positions when things calm down , which , frankly , could take a while .
More than 20 percent of deaths in a study of 12,000 Bangladeshis were attributable to arsenic exposure from contaminated drinking water , new research reports .
The large 10 - year study is the first to prospectively measure the relationship between individual exposure to arsenic and its associated mortality risk , the authors said .
The data , collected by an international team from Chicago , New York , and Bangladesh , will be published early online Saturday in The Lancet .
Since the widespread installation of hand - pumped wells to tap groundwater sources in the 1970's , as many as 77 million people - about half the population of Bangladesh - have been accidentally exposed to dangerous levels of arsenic .
The World Health Organization calls the exposure " the largest mass poisoning of a population in history . "
The Health Effects of Arsenic Longitudinal Study ( HEALS ) was led by Habibul Ahsan , MD , MMedSc , Director of the Center for Cancer Epidemiology and Prevention at the University of Chicago Medical Center .
Arsenic levels from well drinking - water and repeated biennial urine samples of 12,000 subjects were associated with deaths in that population over the last decade .
For the 25 percent of people exposed to the highest levels of arsenic , mortality risk increased by nearly 70 percent , the study determined .
People exposed to moderate levels of the poisonous chemical also exhibited increased deaths from chronic disease , relative to those whose exposure was within WHO recommendations of 10 parts per million .
" The results of this study have important public health implications for arsenic in drinking water , " the authors write .
The exposure levels studied are " similar to other populations that have low - level arsenic exposure . "
Arsenic is known to be a potent carcinogen and toxic to organs such as the liver , skin , kidney and the cardiovascular system .
But previous studies assessing the effects of long - term drinking - water exposure to arsenic have lacked resolution , relying upon retrospective analysis and estimations of exposure on a group , rather than individual , level .
The HEALS project sought to improve upon this body of research with a prospective study , actively monitoring exposure levels in a large set of individual Bangladeshis .
Nearly 12,000 subjects were recruited and tested for baseline arsenic levels in drinking water and urine between 2000 and 2002 , then underwent follow - up tests approximately every 2 years thereafter .
" We set up this study to measure health effects based on individual level data so that other factors or biases that may affect our study findings were much less likely , " Ahsan said .
" This allowed us to examine disease quite reasonably in a more accurate way . "
The collection of so many samples was no simple task .
More than 100 staff members traveled to remote Bangladesh villages by foot , car , or boat to collect samples from subjects and measure arsenic levels in the water from local wells .
Millions of such wells were installed by global health organizations in the 1970's to provide a supposedly cleaner source of water than that available from dirty rivers and streams .
" In Bangladesh , waterborne illnesses have gone down in the last 2 to 3 decades , " Ahsan said .
" Unfortunately , there is now this new problem affecting them . "
While a quarter of the study 's population was within the WHO - determined safe range of 10 µg / L , the upper quartile was exposed to 27 times that amount on average .
Those individuals were found to be 68 percent more likely to die from a chronic disease over the time period studied , compared to individuals with exposure less than 10 µg/ L , after controlling for other factors such as sex , age , body mass , blood pressure and smoking .
Subjects with moderate arsenic exposure were at a smaller yet still elevated risk of mortality .
When the entire population exposed to arsenic levels above the WHO guideline was combined , 21.4 percent of all deaths and 23.5 percent of deaths from chronic disease could be attributed to arsenic exposure , the authors wrote .
An ongoing expansion of the HEALS project to 20,000 subjects hopes to clarify the deleterious effects of the lower doses , which are similar to the levels found in the groundwater of some regions in the United States , Argentina , Mexico and other countries .
" With a larger population , we can make much more definitive conclusions on whether this low dose exposure between 10 to 150 micrograms that some US populations have been exposed to are indeed deleterious , increasing cancer or even deaths , " Ahsan said .
The study found no reduction in mortality risk for subjects with high baseline arsenic levels that were subsequently lowered in follow - up measurements .
That suggests that the effects of chronic exposure to high levels of arsenic are not reduced even when the individual is given access to cleaner drinking water - at least not during the time surveyed by the study .
" This says that further exposure to arsenic for those individuals already exposed needs to be reduced immediately if possible , " Ahsan said .
" Unfortunately in a developing country such as Bangladesh , the real solution of replacing the source of drinking water from contaminated to safe water sources for 50 million people is quite a task .
What is needed is for the government and international community to deal with that challenge . "
Explore further Rice grown in United States contains less - dangerous form of arsenic
More information :
The paper , " Arsenic exposure from drinking water , and all - cause and chronic - disease mortalities in Bangladesh ( HEALS ) : a prospective cohort study , " will be published online Saturday by The Lancet .
Provided by University of Chicago Medical Center
Here are three theories :
1 . The contact hypothesis .
As more men openly acknowledge that they are gay , it becomes harder for men who are not gay to discriminate against them .
And as that group of openly gay men becomes more varied  including athletes , celebrities and soldiers  many of the old , derisive stereotypes lose their purchase .
To that point , a Gallup poll released last May found that people who said they personally knew someone who was gay or lesbian were more likely to be accepting of gay men and lesbians in general and more supportive of their issues .
2 . Men may be becoming more egalitarian in general .
As Dr. Kimmel put it : “ Men have gotten increasingly comfortable with the presence of , and relative equality of , ‘ the other , ’ and we ’re becoming more accustomed to it .
And most men are finding that it has not been a disaster . ”
The expanding sense of acceptance likely began with the feminist and civil rights movements and is now being extended to the gay rights movement .
Dr. Kimmel continued , “ The dire predictions for diversity have not only not come true , but , in fact , they ’ve been proved the other way . ”
3. Virulent homophobes are increasingly being exposed for engaging in homosexuality .
Think Ted Haggard , the once fervent antigay preacher and former leader of the National Association of Evangelicals , and his male prostitute .
( This week , Haggard announced that he was starting a new “ inclusive ” church open to “ gay , straight , bi , tall , short , ” but no same - sex marriages .
Not “ God ’s ideal . ” Sorry . )
Or George Rekers , the founding member of the Family Research Council , and his rent boy / luggage handler .
Last week , the council claimed that repealing “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” would lead to an explosion of “ homosexual assaults ” in which sleeping soldiers would be the victims of fondling and fellatio by gay predators .
In fact , there is a growing body of research that supports the notion that homophobia in some men could be a reaction to their own homosexual impulses .
Many heterosexual men see this , and they do n’t want to be associated with it .
It ’s like being antigay is becoming the old gay .
Not cool .
These sound plausible , but why are n’t women seeing the same enlightening effects as men ?
Professor Savin- Williams suggests that there may be a “ ceiling effect , ” that men are simply catching up to women , and there may be a level at which views top out .
Interesting .
US President Barack Obama called on Congress on Saturday to pass reforms limiting the influence of special interest groups on US elections , saying the integrity of US democracy needed to be protected .
“ What we are facing is no less than a potential corporate takeover of our elections , ” Obama said in his weekly radio address .
“ And what is at stake is no less than the integrity of our democracy . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The appeal came after a recent US Supreme Court ruling that gave corporations , lobbyists , other special interest groups — foreign and domestic — the power to spend unlimited money to influence the outcome of US elections .
The ruling meant that corporations would be allowed to run political television advertisements ahead of national and local elections without telling voters who was paying for them , said Obama .
Congress therefore needed to adopt reforms under which campaign committees would have to reveal who was funding them , and their leaders or financiers would have to claim responsibility for their ads , the president argued .
Also , the reforms will restrict foreign corporations and foreign nationals from spending money in American elections , the president said .
“ This should n’t be a Democratic issue or a Republican issue , ” he argued .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ This is an issue that goes to whether or not we will have a government that works for ordinary Americans – a government of , by , and for the people .
“ That ’s why these reforms are so important .
And that ’s why I ’m going to fight to see them passed into law . ”
This video was published by the White House on May 1 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
With AFP .
As GenCon [ 1 ] approaches , my thoughts keep wondering about how emerging and existing technologies could be used to make the convention / event experience more enjoyable .
I took a high - level look at using location - based social technology before in Leveraging Geolocation for Roleplaying Games [ 2 ] , but I wanted to explore the technology at the implementation level for gaming conventions and events .
Why Go Geosocial ?
Why should gaming events even bother with adding a geosocial element to their business model ?
I think there are several valuable reasons to do so : free advertisement , added value , and social - space unification .
Businesses achieve free advertisement every time someone posts about them ( assuming it ’s positive ) to their favorite social network .
I personally believe traditional advertisements are becoming obsolete .
The real marketing power is getting everyone to talk about your product / location ( favorably ) .
Building a game into a location - based mobile web app that broadcasts updates to social networks is a good way to do that .
I believe the most important reason to look into developing a geosocial social network is because it bridges the gap between the online and physical social - spaces .
There has been a social disconnect between the two since the inception of virtual communities .
Becoming too involved the virtual world creates real - life problems .
It is common enough now that we have entertainment that parodies those issues ( i.e. The Guild [ 3 ] ) .
Geosocial apps unify the virtual and actual social worlds .
Issues with Current Geosocial Apps
The current versions of the popular geosocial applications , Gowalla [ 4 ] and Foursquare [ 5 ] , have limited or absent support for events .
This is because they have naturally built their applications to identify permanent locations ( i.e. venues ) , not events ( recurring or otherwise limited by time ) .
Gowalla recently added limited support for events , but they have a 12 hour limitation .
I imagine it will only be a matter of time ( within the year ) before both apps , or new apps , have improved support for events .
For now though , it would require a partnership between the app and the event to pull off a truly engaging and useful implementation .
Besides , when you ’re using Foursquare to check into a location , you do n’t want the search results choked full of events from the last few ( or next few ) years ; it would make the application difficult to use in a city with an active event schedule .
A Possible Solution
Beyond coming to an agreement with the software developer of an existing application , the organizing entity of an event could develop and maintain their own application .
With Foursquare ’s or Gowalla ’s API , the event application could even interface with those apps , taking advantage of the power of the existing software ( and keep the overhead low ) .
I think the best solution would be to develop an application built from the ground up with time - limited events in mind .
The application would detect the user ’s location ( either via GPS , cell tower triangulation , or IP address ) find nearby venues and check for current events happening at those venues .
The user would then be able to select from the listed events and check in .
Event managers would be able to tie their events to multiple locations , all of which could be active simultaneously or scheduled for different times .
This feature would be useful when an event overflows from the primary venue to adjacent locations such as from a convention center to connected hotels .
It would also allow managers to schedule recurring events ahead of time .
A geosocial event application should also allow for nested events .
For instance , GenCon is n’t just one event ; it is a collection of hundreds of events happening in different rooms of the venue ( and connected locations ) at different times around the clock for four days .
To be truly useful , the applications should allow a user to not only check into the primary event but also the multitudes of events functioning under the umbrella of the convention .
Processing Voluminous Events
Because the accuracy of most devices are not really granular enough to recognize two tables sitting a couple of feet apart from each other in an exhibit hall , nested events become difficult to navigate through after more than a handful are occurring simultaneously .
However , I see two excellent , but involved , answers to this problem .
The first answer is for event managers to provide registration information to the app .
The application would cross-reference the user ’s ID with events they have registered for and provide a custom list of sub-events to select from .
The enterprising software developer would supply a turnkey registration system for events ( upload a formatted excel spread and voila ! ) .
The second answer would allow for more than just events requiring registration but would require more than just a user ’s mobile device ( until hardware manufacturers build it in ) .
It would also require more logistical overhead of the application is n’t owned by the event itself .
The event would issue RFID enabled badges and set up scanners at each event .
Precision RFID Check -in
RFID stands for Radio Frequency IDentification .
It is most often used to track inventory , but it can also be used for access management and human identification .
There are certainly concerns about privacy and security when employing RFID , but in this context I believe those concerns can be mitigated by not becoming too eager to embed or track any more information than necessary ( userID & access level is all that is needed ) .
Depending on the specific RFID frequencies and scanners used , tags can be read from distances ranging from just a few inches ( ~2 centimeters ) to more than forty feet ( ~ 12 meters ) .
Long range readers would be useful for checking visitors into large , general areas ( i.e. exhibit halls , ballrooms , & floors ) while short range readers would be more effective at checking visitors in at individual booths or tables .
I can two layers of implementation here .
At the macro level are scanners that cover large areas that would be most useful for the convention organizers to track .
These areas would have long range scanners that are networked to a few workstation / servers operated by the convention that would process the incoming data and communicate with the event web application .
At the micro level would be the individual booth / event readers .
To reduce costs , the convention could charge connection ( if the vendor provides their own scanner ) and / or equipment rental fees .
Vendors would also have to bring their own computer ( a netbook might be even be sufficient ) , run the communication software , and connect to the convention ’s network .
A recent example implementation of such technology is the RFID enabled tags that Facebook handed out to attendees at their F8 Developer ’s Conference a couple of weeks ago [ 6 ] .
Additional Benefits of RFID
Aside from the primary benefit of precision location check - in , investing in RFID would have operational benefits too .
Visitors and vendors would not need to keep track of even tickets anymore ; simply checking in with your badge could interface with event registration records .
Access to specific levels of visitors ( press , vendors , VIPs ) could be managed by RFID scanners .
Visitors could use their badges to get event information ( such as directions on how to get there ) from information kiosks .
Visitors could even pay for items with system credit stored on their account and accessed by RFID .
The information gathered about visitor traffic could help convention organizers streamline and improve the layout of events .
Does that free gaming lounge actually attract more visitors , or is it a waste of time , space , and equipment ?
Would placing two large vendors at different ends of the exhibit hall improve the flow of traffic by eliminating choke points ?
These are a few of the questions that could be answered using the data collected by RFID scanners .
Other Possible Features
In addition to posting information on the event application itself , updates could also be broadcast across other social networks such as Twitter , Facebook , Foursquare , Gowalla , or MySpace .
The more visibility the convention ( and its app ) has , the better .
I would also implement shared logons such as OpenID [ 8 ] or OAuth [ 9 ] allowing users to use their Facebook , Google , Twitter , or other accounts to log into the convention app .
This would remove a barrier for many people to use the application due to their unwillingness to create yet another login .
It would also be great if users could share their experiences by uploading photos , video , audio , and by capturing public Tweets containing hash tags associated with the convention .
Some very cool visualization [ 10 ] could be programmed into this part of the application by finding associations between locations , frequency , and tags .
Listening to : Clutch – From Beale Street to Oblivion – Electric Worry
REFERENCES
[ 1 ] GenCon : The Best Four Days in Gaming
[ 2 ] Leveraging Geolocation for Roleplaying Games
[ 3 ]
The Guild – A web series that spoofs a World of Warcraft gaming group
[ 4 ]
Gowalla – Location - based social network
[ 5 ] Foursquare – Location - based social network
[ 6 ] F8 RFID Tags for Facebook Presence [ 7 ]
[ 7 ]
Facebook Presence
[ 8 ] OpenID – An open authentication standard
[ 9 ]
OAuth – An open authentication standard
[ 10 ] Visualization – The visual representation of large collections of non-numerical data .
​ A California deputy has admitted using a doctor ’s recommendation and stolen identity from a legal medical marijuana patient in order to buy pot in a drug sting .
Deputy Steve Avila of the Calaveras County Sheriff ’s Department said during questioning that he had used the patient ’s recommendation , with a falsified birthdate , to persuade a dispensary owner to sell marijuana to an officer .
Avila claimed he obtained the medical marijuana recommendation “ from an investigation we conducted , ” but also claimed he “ did not recall ” which officer obtained it , or how it was obtained .
Record .
Jay Smith of K Care Collective , the dispensary owner who was tricked into selling marijuana to an officer , said Calaveras County is waging a war against medical marijuana , and is doing so using unethical means , reports Dana M. Nichols of the San Joaquin County
Robert Shaffer , the medical marijuana patient whose identity was stolen , tells the same story .
According to Shaffer , Deputy Avila violated his privacy by using his identity and documents in the sting operation .
Smith , Shaffer and several medical marijuana patients and providers pleaded for help this week from the Calaveras County Board of Supervisors .
“ I also fear my identity is being used in another of Avila ’s illegal ruses , ” Shaffer told the supervisors .
Central College Nottingham were considering a substantial investment in new machine tools , we invited a number of machine tool companies to tender for the contract .
Some companies merely responded with a price , but with MACH Machine Tools UK agent , Machine Tool Sales Online , it was a different story .
They invited us to visit them on their stand at the MACH 2016 Show and followed that up with a visit to us to discuss our requirements in more detail .
MTSO ’s proactivity , coupled with MACH ’s good quality and competitively - priced machines , in addition to a quick delivery , installation and commissioning package made our decision a simple one .
The machines now installed at Central College Nottingham include eight MACH VS - 1 turret - type milling machines , 4 MACH drilling machines , a MACH surface grinder and 2 MACH belt linishers .
We are delighted with our MACH machines , they look the part and they do the business too , so much so that we have branded the workshop “ The MACH Workshop . ” .
Highly recommend !
Daniel Wheatley - Main Grade Lecturer , Central College Nottingham
This summer ’s International Champions Cup was supposed to include an El Clasico match between La Liga rivals Real Madrid and Barcelona .
But unfortunately , due to the ongoing Coronavirus outbreak in the United States , not aonluy this event , but all international soccer games in USA in 2020 have been cancelled .
Without the lucrative preseason tournament , Real Madrid and Barcelona are expected up lose around € 15 M in revenue .
That is a huge hit for clubs that are all facing the financial implications of the Coronavirus which has halted football across Europe , forcing clubs to lay off non-playing staff and asking players to take hefty pay cuts .
Barcelona players for example , took a 70 % pay cut .
Competing ads , a rare instance of investigative journalism and a hard - right embrace of AZ's Apartheid ' Pass Law , ' helps close Poizner 's gap against front - runner Whitman ...
Ernest A. Canning Byon 5/16/2010 , 10:31 pm PT
Guest blogged by Ernest A. Canning
In " Meg Whitman , Wall Street , ' Billionaire Sociopaths ' and the Media ' Substance Deficit , ' " we noted :
Californians have been drawn within the cross-hairs of a propaganda blitz bought and paid for by Meg Whitman , the billionaire former CEO of eBay , who , since declaring her intent to run for governor in February , 2009 , has already contributed $ 59 million of her own money to her " campaign " --- a one - sided political phenomenon which has seen a stealth candidate , with disturbing connections to Goldman Sachs , soar to the top of the polls because the electoral process has been emasculated by the absence of mandatory debates and meaningful investigative journalism .
Now comes a SurveyUSA poll , conducted May 6 - 9 , revealing that Whitman 's once commanding lead over CA Insurance Commissioner Steve Poizner has all but evaporated .
Where she led Poizner by 22 % on April 22 , Whitman is now said to hold a meager 2 % lead .
One suspects that , in the wake of a hard - hitting , front page May 12 Los Angeles Times article , " Whitman 's words put spotlight on deeds , " Whitman 's once - commanding lead may soon become a deficit .
The Los Angeles Times followed up on May 13 with a separate piece , " Companies challenged Poizner business claims , " which revealed that a major portion of Poizner 's wealth was acquired when SnapTrack Inc. , the company Poizner founded , was sold to Qualcomm .
Poizner claims SnapTrack invented mobile - phone GPS technology .
In pending lawsuits , other companies accused SnapTrack of infringing intellectual property rights , and , the Times reports , " as SnapTrack developed its GPS technology , Poizner faced another test of his entrepreneurial skills , as a special interest trying to bend the Washington regulatory process his way . "
The drastic change in the recent public opinion polls is tied not only to the fact that her fellow billionaire Poizner unleashed his own paid - for propaganda ( ad ) blitz , deconstructing Whitman 's one - sided narrative .
Nor is the change tied only to hard - hitting , if overdue , front page newspaper exposés on the facts behind how these two rapacious " business people " amassed their fortunes .
Disturbingly , Poizner 's late gain in the polls may be attributed to his open embrace of Arizona 's version of apartheid South Africa 's infamous " pass laws . "
Poizner 's is a cynically calculated effort to scapegoat immigrants while deflecting attention from the true source of California 's fiscal woes : the very same billionaire sociopath economics in which both he and Whitman amassed their fortunes ...
Embracing Arizona's Apartheid
Arizona 's SB - 1070 bears a striking resemblance to apartheid South Africa 's infamous " pass laws " except that where South Africa 's pass laws required non-whites to carry their papers only when needed to demonstrate an authorized presence in white areas , Arizona 's pass law , on paper , ostensibly requires everyone to carry proof of citizenship at all times .
In practice , SB - 1070 is indistinguishable from South Africa 's " pass laws " because it is to be enforced only where someone 's appearance gives rise to a " reasonable suspicion " they may possibly be " illegals " --- a form of racial profiling which opens up the distinct possibility that amongst those who will undergo this form of racist humiliation will be Native Americans , whose ancestors were present in Arizona long before the ancestors of the racist Anglo - Americans responsible for the abomination that is SB - 1070 arrived on the eastern shores of the North American continent .
Oh , of course , both Arizona 's unelected Republican Governor Jan Brewer and Alaska 's former Republican Governor Sarah " bridge to nowhere " Palin have sought to deflect criticism of the " show me your papers " law .
Brewer said that criticism amounted to " hysteria . "
Palin said the idea that SB - 1070 will result in racial profiling was a " myth . "
As aptly covered by Rachel Maddow ( video below ) , their denials of racial profiling ring hollow .
Both Palin and Brewer take the position that the law only allows the police to stop someone and demand their papers where there is a " reasonable suspicion " they are in the country illegally .
Neither Brewer nor Palin spell out just what factors , other than skin color , manner of dress or the language one speaks , give rise to a " reasonable suspicion " of illegal status --- and you can be damned sure that blond hair and blue eyes will not be seen by Arizona police as giving rise to a " suspicion " of " illegal " status .
When directly confronted , the dissembling Brewer replied : " I do not know what an illegal immigrant looks like . "
Any doubts as to the racial animus behind the Arizona pass law were eliminated when the same Arizona legislature passed HB - 2281 , which seeks to eliminate or at least curtail ethnic studies classes .
The bill 's suggestion that it is improper to tailor a class in school towards an ethnic group reveals the same type of racial animus and fears of diversity that were in play during the 19th and early 20th Century when Native Americans were forced to refrain from using their own languages and cultures as part of an effort to force their assimilation into American ( that is , white American ) culture .
It is the same animus one could find in the English - only movement advanced by what the linguist Geoffrey Pullum referred to as " linguistic fascists . "
Pima County Legal Defender Isabel Garcia , co-chair of the Tuscon - based Coalition for Human Rights , noted that for the past 10 - 15 years Arizona has experienced an " anti-immigrant hysteria . "
She described the anti-ethnic studies measure as a means of " cultural cleansing . "
Certainly , doubts as to the racial animus behind SB - 1070 did not exist in the minds of the Los Angeles City Council , which , in voting to curtail travel to and doing business with Arizona compared Arizona 's " show me your papers " law to early measures used to restrict the civil liberties of German Jews which served as a precursor to the Holocaust in Nazi Germany --- an apt comparison which --- notwithstanding the protestations of Glenn " gaping - holes - in - his - logic " Beck --- underscores the gravity of cynical efforts by politicians to use race and dehumanization as a means to acquire political power .
Race Rhetoric and the Long - Standing Record of the American Hard - Right
In From George Wallace to Newt Gingrich : Race in the Conservative Counterrevolution 1963 - 1994 , Dan T. Carter documents numerous occasions in which the American Right , both overtly and subtly , utilized race and dehumanization as a cornerstone of political strategy --- starting with former Alabama Governor George Wallace , who ran in 1958 as a progressive on economic issues and a moderate on race .
After he lost to segregationist John Malcolm Patterson , Wallace quipped , " no other son - of - a - bitch will ever out - nigger me again . "
After Whitman acknowledged that if Arizona 's SB - 1070 had come before her , she would have opposed it , Poizner pulled a page out of the George Wallace playbook by openly embracing it .
In the past , Poizner opposed such laws .
Poizner earlier asserted , without a shred of proof , that illegal immigrants had cost the state of California " billions of dollars each year . "
In truth , " illegal immigrants generate more than they cost the U.S. economy . "
Without any facts or analysis to back it up , Poizner shamelessly asserted that illegal immigrants were a major source of California 's budget problems .
As we noted in " Engineering California 's Economic Collapse , " the true source of California 's massive deficits and looming economic collapse is to be found in the 2001 Bush / Cheney regime - assisted scamming of an unregulated California energy market by Enron and the rest of the Texas - connected energy mafia , and in the Republican " starve the beast " policies intended to bankrupt state government as a precursor to privatization of public functions .
In " Meg Whitman , Wall Street , ' Billionaire Sociopaths ' and the Media ' Substance Deficit , ' " we added the role played by Wall Street banks , especially Goldman Sachs , in fleecing local governments , like Oakland , through unregulated derivatives , such as " interest rate swaps " into that algorithm .
In " ' Food , Inc. ' and the Tyranny of a Corporate Controlled Economy , " we reported on NAFTA 's dirty little secret ; on how some of this nation 's wealthiest citizens " not only gorged themselves at the public trough by way of subsidies , but parlayed this into a means to engage in unfair competition in Mexico , selling corn at well below the cost of production . "
This drove millions of Mexican peasants off the land , creating an over abundance of cheap labor available to the U.S. billionaire class which outsourced U.S. manufacturing , taking a first crucial step in the destruction of an American middle class , whose lifestyle was subsequently maintained by unsustainable debt .
Even as the outsourcing was underway , " American meat packers actively recruited the displaced Mexican farmers , drawing the undocumented into an increasingly consolidated U.S. meat packing industry --- an industry which once paid union wages in the 1950s that were on par with the middle class wages in the auto industry . "
And , of course , none of this takes into account the trillions of dollars squandered on Middle Eastern wars so as to make the world safe for the Exxon - Mobil , BP and Chevron bottom lines .
With the top 1 % now controlling 70 % of the nation 's wealth , billionaire sociopaths like Poizner cannot openly run on the reality of corporate America 's middle - class destroying policies or the fact that the massive influx of economic refugees from south of the border is a direct product of billionaire greed and a global class war that is masked by the Orwellian label they apply to their pillage of global economies : " free trade . "
Instead , they opt for the divide - and - conquer strategy , deflecting the uninformed from the true source of their demise to the convenient scapegoat , whom they dehumanize with the objectified " illegal immigrant " label .
And , sadly , the tactic is succeeding .
Thanks to the still ongoing corporate media substance deficit , a majority of Americans , unaware of the true source of their economic malaise , have fallen for the divide and conquer race - based strategy of billionaire sociopaths like Steve Poizner .
California 's state primary is scheduled for June 8th .
Early voting began last week .
UPDATE 05/17/10 : The Los Angeles Times reported that , so far , Whitman has spent $ 64 million of her own personal funds on the CA governor 's race as against Poizner 's expenditure of $ 22 million of his own funds .
It also reported that Poizner described the L.A. City Council 's decision to boycott Arizona as nothing more than an effort " to score cheap political points . "
* * *
Rachel Maddow reveals why racial profiling forms the basis for AZ " show me your papers " law ...
* * *
Ernest A. Canning has been an active member of the California state bar since 1977 .
Mr. Canning has received both undergraduate and graduate degrees in political science as well as a juris doctor .
He is also a Vietnam vet ( 4th Infantry , Central Highlands 1968 ) .
' Body Worlds ' anatomist tells MTV News he ' welcomes the opportunity ' to work with Gaga , but did not confirm collaboration .
Will [ artist id = " 3061469 " ]
Lady Gaga [ / artist ] be working with the dead on the upcoming leg of her Monster Ball Tour ?
In a story published Wednesday ( June 23 ) in British tabloid The Sun , , the newspaper reported that Gaga has reached out to Gunther von Hagens , a controversial anatomist who invented a technique for preserving cadavers called plastination and is responsible for the popular traveling exhibition " Body Worlds . "
The Sun quoted " a friend " of Gaga as saying " she is fascinated by Gunther 's work and life ... [ Gaga ] sees a kindred spirit and is hoping to meet him in New York .
They have spoken over e-mail and it 's gone well .
She is keen to have some Body Worlds element in one of her shows . "
The source went on to say that Gaga is aiming to incorporate von Hagens ' work into her tour by the time it gets to Las Vegas , which does n't happen until March of 2011 .
" It would be good to top this tour — which is already out - there — with something nobody has done before , using dead bodies as part of a gig , " the source said .
While it all sounds a bit outrageous , given the popularity of the " Body Worlds " exhibition and Gaga 's penchant for provocation , it 's not as implausible as it might seem .
In a statement to MTV News on Wednesday , von Hagens said he would " offer no comments on conversations that have already taken place with the singer or her representatives , " but added that he " welcomes the opportunity " to work with Gaga .
" As someone who practices the violin every day , I feel that music is vital to our humanity and fundamental to our wellbeing .
The post - mortal plastinated body on the other hand is a momento mori , a reminder that we must all die , " he continued .
" To create a convergence of both these profound subjects and ideas would be a wonderful challenge .
To do so with a risk - taking , boundary - pushing artist like Lady Gaga would be a meeting of the minds and I look forward to it . "
A rep for Gaga 's label had not responded to MTV News ' request for comment on the story at press time .
What would you think if Gaga incorporated corpses into her show ?
Let us know in the comments .
You know how President Obama relentlessly marketed his health care takeover with the slogan '™ ' ?
Here 's a news flash that you wo n't see in the legacy media : Someone inside AT&T leaked an internal Powerpoint presentation that measured the financial impact of DemCare AT&T estimates that it can save upwards ofby dropping health care coverage and paying the penalty tax instead .
They'd be foolish to keep their health care benefits and , in fact , shareholders shouldthe company capture that income and return it in the form of increased dividends and R&D.
Like the Soviet central planners of a bygone era , today 's Democrats are marching us into an abyss of unintended consequences for our entire health care system .
They 're pushing us , shoving us , against our will , over a cliff of fiscal irresponsibility .
They 're killing a legacy of prosperity that we could otherwise bequeath to subsequent generations .
The modern , hard left Democrat Party leadership is intentionally trying to destroy the Republic : open borders , votes for felons , statehood for Puerto Rico -- using any and all means to gain the votes necessary to stay in power , no matter how catastrophic the effects are on the country .
As someone told me a while back :
BOSTON — The Philadelphia
Flyers came back from three games down to defeat the Boston Bruins in their best - of - seven playoff series last week , a historic feat neither you nor the rest of the country knew about until reading this .
" It feels amazing , " Flyers goalie Michael Leighton said after his team , on the road for Game 7 and down by three goals , fought back to win , causing millions to drop their jaws , primarily because it was a stunning achievement , but also because they could not believe that this very moment is the first time they 've heard anything about it .
" The most recent team I can remember that did something this special was the 2004 Red Sox and [ everyone and their mother knows about that , but do n't forget , the Red Sox blew out the Yankees in Game 7 of the ALCS , and therefore this is actually more impressive ] . "
When asked to respond to its newfound hockey knowledge , the nation seemed impressed , although it somehow felt it was not nearly as impressed as it should be .
Advertisement
WASHINGTON  Carly Fiorina and Meg Whitman , who ascended to the top of the business world before turning to politics , prevailed on Tuesday in their respective battles for the Republican nominations for the United States Senate and governor in California , setting the stage for costly general election fights this fall .
Ms. Fiorina , a former chief executive of Hewlett - Packard , beat Tom Campbell , a former congressman , and Chuck DeVore , whose candidacy drew the backing of many Tea Party activists .
She will face the incumbent senator , Barbara Boxer , a Democrat , in the fall .
Ms. Whitman , the former chief executive of eBay and a billionaire , had invested a small share of her personal fortune to prevail in the governor ’s race over Steve Poizner , the state insurance commissioner , who put $ 24 million of his own money into his primary campaign .
She will challenge Jerry Brown , the state ’s Democratic attorney general , who was first elected governor of California three decades ago .
Image Carly Fiorina , the former chief executive of Hewlett - Packard , won her Senate primary .
Credit ... Chris Carlson / Associated Press
California voters also approved a measure that would replace traditional primaries in state and Congressional elections with , effectively , two rounds of voting , which could have a profound effect on the state ’s political future .
All candidates would run in the first round , and the top two vote - getters  regardless of party affiliation , or unaffiliation  would then face each other in the general election .
Supporters hope the new system will produce more moderate candidates ; political parties have been vehemently opposed .
Tener un estilo Propio es una de las características Principales que se resaltan en Sarai .
Bienvenidos a Su Blog Oficial !
Inicios en la danza a cargo de su abuela : Sara Adur - Merei ( Proveniente de Damasco – Siria )
1998 -2001 Escuela árabe de la plata ( a cargo de la Odalisca Salome )
2003 -2007 Arabian dance School ( Del Maestro Amir Thaleb ) ( terminando la carrera en 4 años )
Titulo profesora de danzas árabes ( arabian dance school ) por el maestro Amir Thaleb
Youseff Constantino y Yael Torchinski .
Clases especiales con : Yamila Mazur , Romina Mustone , Nahir Farag , Saida , Sarat , Maiada , Shannan , entre otros ...
Seminarios a cargo de : Mohamed Kazafi ( Egipto ) , Su Maestro Amir Thaleb , Doa Salam ( Egipto ) , Meera ( india ) , Hamed Luleci ( Turquía ) , Sebastian Tribiño , Amar Gamal , Jillina , Saida , orquestas de Tony Mouzayek , Mario Kirlis y Horus Arab Music , entre otros .
Presentación EIDA 2011 Argentina : SARAI
Presentación Belly jazz Night 2011 Fernando Corona
SEMINARIOS EN TODAS PARTES DEL PAIS
Presentaciones en : Expo Árabe ( anual en la plata ) , teatro Coliseo Podestá ( la plata ) , Muestra Alumnas Arabian Dance School y Amir Thaleb en Golden Center y Teatro Astral , Buenos Aires .
Castillo Morisco ( Tandil ) , Invitada por el Ballet HUMA formando dicho ballet para gira , todas del Arabian Dance school .
Restaurante Batt Youssef ( la plata )
Ballet oficial , primera bailarina y coreografa , Participación como primera bailarina en la entrega del AGAL DE ORO A AMIR THALEB en la ciudad de la plata , shows por la ciudad con la orquesta árabe Al Zahir , Evento Fiesta mora y Competencias varias ...
Su escuela SARAI se encuentra en la plata y su ballet cuenta con varios reconocimientos entre ellos las elegidas para presentarse junto a Saida en la Fiesta Mora ( la plata ) y ganadoras del Certamen de Bellydance Provincial en Avellaneda , Fiesta platense gala de bellydance junto a Yamil Annum 2010 , Muestras Anuales Con Participaciones especiales como Mario kirlis y su orquesta .
HORUS ARAB MUSIC
Scientists dropped an experiment nearly five stories down an elevator shaft of sorts to test a possible way to meld the physical theory of the very small - quantum mechanics - with the very large - general relativity , to create a theory of everything .
The theory of quantum mechanics reigns over atoms and electrons and quarks and other things too tiny to see with the naked eye .
It describes these most basic building blocks of matter as both particles and waves .
The theory famously includes some befuddling concepts such as the uncertainty principle ( you ca n't simultaneously know both the position and momentum of a particle with accuracy ) and the idea of quantum entanglement , whereby two particles that were formerly linked can be separated by great distances and retain an eerie connection , with one responding when an action is performed on the other .
General relativity , on the other hand , governs the realm of the very large , describing how gravity acts on some of the largest , densest , heaviest things in the universe like stars and black holes .
This theory , described by Albert Einstein in 1915 , envisions gravity warping the fabric of space - time so that massive objects like stars literally bend the universe so that objects can't help but fall toward them .
Under general relativity , even time can be warped by gravity .
Yet to the enduring frustration of physicists , these two grand theories seem incompatible with each other .
So far , the laws of the very small and the very large are impossible to reconcile .
" Both theories cannot be combined , " said researcher Ernst Rasel of the University of Hannover in Germany .
" In that sense we are looking for a new theory to bring both together . "
A new experiment offers hope by probing the very boundary between these two realms , the researchers said .
They experimented with a special type of super - cold matter called a Bose - Einstein condensate .
" Bose - Einstein condensates exist on the border between quantum and classical physics ; they are governed by the laws of QM [ quantum mechanics ] but can take macroscopic dimensions , " wrote the team , led by Tim van Zoest of the University of Hannover , in a paper published in the June 17 issue of the journal Science .
The Bose - Einstein condensate in the experiment was composed of a cloud of millions of rubidium atoms that were cooled to temperatures nearing absolute zero .
At this point , they basically lose their individual identities and can be described by a single macroscopic wave function – essentially an equation from quantum mechanics , but on a large scale .
The researchers then dropped a capsule containing the Bose - Einstein condensate down a very tall tower built especially for scientific experiments .
The drop allowed the material to experience weightlessness during its brief freefall .
The lack of gravity caused the gas to expand , and allowed the scientists to study the gravitational effects on the quantum gas .
The experiment showed that such projects could offer a fertile ground for testing the murky boundary between quantum mechanics and general relativity , the researchers said .
They hope to one day send such an experiment to space , perhaps on the International Space Station .
" We think that you can really get improvement in our sensitivity doing this in space , " Rasel told LiveScience .
A few weeks ago the makers of the Oscar - winning movie Hurt Locker indicated that they would sue tens of thousands of U.S. BitTorrent users .
In a classic ‘ pay up or else ’ scheme , the first 5,000 victims have now been officially reported to court .
If ISPs cooperate these downloaders can expect a settlement request in their mailboxes soon .
Hoping to recoup some of their claimed losses , the makers of Hurt Locker have partnered with the very lucrative ‘ pay up or else ’ money making scheme of the U.S. Copyright Group .
The goal of the scheme is to identify as many infringers as possible , and threaten them with ruinous court action .
Of course , they will also be given the offer to settle for a relatively low amount of money .
The first step of the scheme has now been officially initiated as a complaint against 5,000 ‘ unidentified ’ BitTorrent users was filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia .
If the court approves , the ISPs of the alleged infringers will be ordered to hand over the personal information of the users associated with the IP - addresses .
All infringers that are identified will then be kindly asked to settle the dispute , or face further legal action .
In the UK these schemes have been highly criticized by the public , consumer organizations and politicians because of the intimidating tactics and lack of solid evidence .
In the U.S. this particular case has not gone unnoticed either and it generated many headlines before an official complaint was filed .
Although the U.S. Copyright Group say that 75 % of ISPs are cooperating , most of the bigger ISPs remain skeptical , with Time Warner publicly resisting U.S. Copyright Group ’s demands .
The U.S. Copyright Group , on its turn , went on to accuse Time Warner of inducing copyright infringement because of the refusal to expose its users .
The group claims that Time Warner ’s refusal to cooperate is a publicity stunt to gain the favor of consumers concerned about their privacy .
Then again , the U.S. Copyright Group is not totally open about its intentions either .
Although they say it is their intention to sue individuals who do not pay , in reality that eventuality is impossible to maintain on any scale .
Their aim will be to scare as many people as possible into paying , perhaps backed up with legal action against a tiny minority to prove a point .
The real winner in this soap opera is in fact the U.S. Copyright Group .
As we reported before , the ‘ pay up or else ’ scheme is not only lucrative for the rights holders , who get only 30 percent of the settlement money .
The remaining 70 percent goes to the U.S Copyright Group and its anti-piracy partners .
Ca-Ching !
We encourage people who receive a settlement request to contact us , so we can look at the details and possibly assist in countering the threats of which many more are expected to be sent out in the months to come .
Births to teen mothers in California reached a record low in 2008 , according to new figures released Monday by the state Department of Public Health .
About 35 babies were born that year for every 1,000 teen females , nearly two fewer babies than the 2007 rate .
“ This is absolutely phenomenal , ” said Norman Constantine , a senior scientist at the Oakland - based Public Health Institute and a clinical professor at the UC Berkeley School of Public Health .
“ It ’s almost unbelievable at a time when the national rate continues to go up . ”
The falling state birth rate contrasts with the national rate , which has been on the rise in recent years .
Compared to California ’s 2007 rate of 37.1 , the U.S. birth rate for 2007 was 42.5 , up from 40.5 in 2005 .
Advertisement
“ Obviously we ’re quite proud of these numbers , ” said Laurie Weaver , chief of the department ’s Office of Family Planning .
“ This is the lowest teen birth rate for 15 - to 19 - year - olds as long as we ’ve been tracking it . ”
The California birth rate , which has been lower than the overall U.S. rate since 1999 , has been slashed by nearly half since 1991 , when nearly 71 children were born per 1,000 female teenagers .
The numbers also reveal a steep decline in the Latina teen birth rate .
While figures for African Americans , whites , Asians and Pacific Islanders gradually declined between 2006 and 2008 , the rate among Latina teens fell from 65 in 2006 to 56.9 in 2008 .
Weaver attributed the improvement to state - supported teen - pregnancy prevention efforts , including family planning programs , comprehensive sex education and reproductive health services .
Advertisement
Constantine agreed , pointing to such services as the Family Planning , Access , Care and Treatment Program .
About $ 45 million of the approximately $ 450 - million program is used to serve teens , he said .
Experts also lauded California for never having accepted federal dollars tied to abstinence - only funding .
Weaver referred to California ’s approach as “ abstinence plus . ”
“ We believe the only 100 % effective way to prevent pregnancy and sexually transmitted disease is through abstinence , ” Weaver said .
“ But we do believe it is important to teach teens that if they choose to be sexually active , that they should be fully informed of contraceptives and have access to services . ”
amina.kahn@latimes.com
The Department for Education is responsible for children ’s services and education , including early years , schools , higher and further education policy , apprenticeships and wider skills in England .
DfE is a ministerial department , supported by 18 agencies and public bodies .
Interviews with historians and scholars on 2000 years of millennial beliefs and events .
Of all the books in the Bible , none has fired the Western imagination more than this one .
A report on the rise of the Antichrist as a central figure in end time scenarios .
Apocalypticism 's fierce beasts , wild imagery and end time prophets and events over 2500 years .
Scholars assess apocalypticism and the American psyche , and what happens after the year 2000 .
[ an error occurred while processing this directive ]
apocalypticism · book of revelation · antichrist · chronology · roundtable · primary sources · discussion
readings · video · glossary · links · synopsis web site copyright 1995 - 2014 WGBH educational foundation Apocalypse !
From Waco and Littleton to Y2 K and global warming , as the millennium approaches , we are bombarded by visions of the apocalypse .
From the team that created " From Jesus to Christ , " this two - hour FRONTLINE special journeys back more than 2500 years to unravel the origins of the Book of Revelation and how its apocalyptic expectations have shaped our history and our world .
Kevin , I have never wanted to thank you more .
It has been driving me crazy , and I 'm usually a fan of change !
Thanks for sharing and reminding me to remember greasemonkey more often .
STOP THE WAR COALITION
NEWSLETTER No. 1155
01 June 2010
Email office@stopwar.org.uk
Tel : 020 7801 2768
Web : http://stopwar.org.uk
Twitter : http://twitter.com/STWuk
IN THIS NEWSLETTER :
1 ) RAGE AGAINST ISRAEL NATIONAL DEMONSTRATION 5 JUNE
2 ) CHANGES TO ISLAMOPHOBIA CONFERENCE 5 JUNE
3 ) MUST SEE VIDEO & ARTICLES ON STOP THE WAR WEBSITE
4 ) WEBSITE AND TWITTER UPDATES
1 ) RAGE AGAINST ISRAEL NATIONAL DEMONSTRATION 5 JUNE
The astounding turnout at Monday ’s emergency protest , when at only a few hours notice , thousands laid siege to David Cameron ’s residence in Downing Street and then marched to the Israeli Embassy ( see http://bit.ly/aEMHws), was a reflection of the intense rage at Israel ’s deadly attack on the Gaza flotilla , felt by millions worldwide .
Ours was just one of hundreds of protests that took place in towns and cities across the globe .
A national demonstration in London this Saturday 5 June has been called by Stop the War , CND , BMI and Viva Palestina .
The Gaza Flotilla March will assemble at Downing Street at 1.30 and march to the Israeli Embassy ( note below changed details for the Islamophobia conference ) .
Monday ’s emergency demonstration showed how fast we can mobilise if we use all available means to spread the word as fast as possible .
Please do all you can to publicise the demonstration among your friends , in your workplace , in your trade union , in your college or school , in your community group etc .
GAZA FLOTILLA MARCH : SATURDAY 5 JUNE
END THE SIEGE OF GAZA : FREEDOM FOR PALESTINE
ASSEMBLE DOWNING STREET LONDON 1.30 PM
We urge all local Stop the War groups and trade union branches affiliated to Stop the War to bring their banners on the march .
FOR UPDATES , PLEASE GO TO THE STOP THE WAR WEBSITE REGULARLY :
http://bit.ly/aEMHws
LONDON STOP THE WAR GROUPS AND SUPPORTERS :
Please note there is a protest today 1 June at 5 pm outside the
Israeli Embassy , High Street Kensington .
2 ) CHANGES TO STOP ISLAMOPHOBIA CONFERENCE 5 JUNE
STOP ISLAMOPHOBIA : DEFEND THE MUSLIM COMMUNITY
ONE DAY CONFERENCE SATURDAY 5 JUNE 9.30 AM TO 1.00 PM
CAMDEN CENTRE LONDON WC1H 9JE
The conference timetable has been slightly adjusted to ensure that all those attending will be able to join the national Gaza flotilla demonstration ( see above ) .
This is a highly important conference , given how it has become open season for anti-Muslim attacks by the government , the media and now , most ominously , by the English Defence League .
A very impressive list of speakers will lead sessions discussing how we can counter the escalating demonisation of Muslims in our society .
These include , Daud Abdullah , Muslim Council of Britain , Tony Benn , president Stop the War Coalition , Moazzam Begg former Guantanamo Bay prisoner , Salma Yaqoob , Respect Party , Seumas Milne , The Guardian , Peter Oborne , Writer and broadcaster and Dr Robert Lambert , former head of Scotland Yard ’s Muslim Contact Unit .
The conference will now begin at 9.30 pm and end at 1.00 pm , when we will all go to Downing Street where the national demonstration is assembling .
Changes to the conference agenda will be distributed soon .
Please check the Stop the War website for
updates : http://bit.ly/aEMHws
3 ) MUST SEE VIDEO & ARTICLES ON STOP THE WAR WEBSITE
There was very widespread coverage of Monday ’s emergency demonstration .
For anyone who was not there , the video on the Stop the War homepage ( http://bit.ly/aEMHws) and the video of speeches by Lowkey , Craig Murray , Salma Yaqoob , Jeremy Corbyn MP , Lindsey German and others are not to be missed ( see
http://bit.ly/dqjjs8).
Two articles highly recommended are “ Israel must pay the moral and economic price for its crimes ” , by Egyptian writer Ahdaf Soueif ( http://bit.ly/b3eGMU), and “ Flotilla attack is Israel ’s Soweto ” , by John Rees ( http://bit.ly/dCj8Hd).
4 ) WEBSITE AND TWITTER UPDATES
When events are moving so fast , the best way to keep up is to visit regularly the Stop the War website and follow us on Twitter ( http://twitter.com/STWuk).
Twitter has become an essential tool for keeping informed of developments , events , resources , key articles etc .
It is often quicker to break news than the mainstream media and spreads its information net far wider .
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
I assigned a note from the C Blues scale ( C – Eb – F – Gb – G – Bb – C ) to each letter in the alphabet .
To make 3 intruments , I grouped the letters according to points in scrabble :
Instrument 1 :
# 1 point : E , A , I , O , N , R , T , L , S , U
Instrument 2
# 2 points : D , G
# 3 points : B , C , M , P
# 4 points : F , H , V , W , Y
Instrument 3
# 5 points : K
# 8 points : J , X
# 10 points : Q , Z
I then picked a quote , in this case ‘ Design is where science and art break even ’ seemed appropriate , and put the song together in Garageband according to these scribbled notes
Created this in illustrator :
And used C4D to put them together :
Next step is to automate the process .
It should n’t be beyond me to code it in processing , and that would allow me to make far longer songs .
The song this test produced is too slow , and too boring , but I ’ve already thought of some changes I could make .
Next time I have a day to spare , I ’ll see where I can take this .
I guess I 'm just a romantic .
If you want to tell someone you love them , try to be real about it .
Do n't spew hyperbolic clichés lifted from songs and movies .
Then again , they 'll probably sound nice if we all turn our brains off ... which love will do for us anyway .
The example of over - the - line romantic exaggeration that always comes to my mind is a line from " Yellow " by Coldplay : " For you I 'd bleed myself dry . "
The only appropriate reply to that is , " No you would n't .
And if you would , you 're sick .
Either way never call me again . "
Well , at least it 's not cliché .
Yet .
Over one month after the initial explosion and sinking of the Deepwater Horizon oil rig , crude oil continues to flow into the Gulf of Mexico , and oil slicks have slowly reached as far as 12 miles into Louisiana 's marshes .
According to Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal , more than 65 miles of Louisiana 's shoreline has now been oiled .
BP said it will be at least Wednesday before they will try using heavy mud and cement to plug the leak , a maneuver called a " top kill " that represents their best hope of stopping the oil after several failed attempts .
Based on low estimates , at least 6 million gallons of crude have spewed into the Gulf so far - though some scientists have said they believe the spill already surpasses the 11 million - gallon 1989 Exxon Valdez oil spill off Alaska as the worst in U.S. history .
( 39 photos total
Welcome to the world ’s largest site on non-drug approaches for mental health
Thousands of people around the world have recovered from mental health disorders and now enjoy the simple pleasures of a drug - free life .
Most were told this was impossible .
Yet we hear from these individuals regularly .
Many others have been able to significantly reduce their dependency on psychiatric medication .
Commonly , these people find that underlying their “ mental ” disorders are medical problems , allergies , toxic conditions , nutritional imbalances , poor diets , lack of exercise , or other treatable physical conditions .
Our site has testimonials , over 100 articles , and the Web ’s first directory of alternative mental health practitioners .
You can also get information from our support groups and free newsletter .
We hope you find the answers you have been looking for …
When Army Spe­cial­ist Marc
Hall found out he was going to be rede­ployed to Iraq under the ​ “ stop loss ” pro­gram , he put his feel­ings to song .
​ “ Stop Lossed ” soon found its way to the Pen­ta­gon , and Hall wound up in jail await­ing a court mar­tial – for rapping .
' I explained that the rap was a freedom of expression thing .
And that it was not a physical threat , nor any kind of threat whatsoever . '
Hall , aka hip - hop artist Marc Water­cus , enlist­ed in the Army in 2006 and served in Bagh­dad with the 3rd Infantry Divi­sion from Octo­ber 2007 to Decem­ber 2008 .
He was sta­tioned at Fort Stew­art , Ga. , in July 2009 , when he learned his unit would return to Iraq .
So he poured his frus­tra­tion into a pro­fan­i­ty - laced rap .
​ “ It ’s how I get my frus­tra­tions out , ” he says , ​“ instead of act­ing on them . ”
A CD of his song made its way to Col.
Thomas Beane , Chief of the Army ’s Enlist­ed Sys­tem Divi­sion , who in Sep­tem­ber 2009 , sent it to Hall ’s com­man­ders at Fort Stewart .
“ My First Sergeant called me into his office to dis­cuss [ the CD ] , ” Hall wrote in a let­ter to sup­port­ers .
​ “ I explained that the rap was a free­dom of expres­sion thing .
And that it was not a phys­i­cal threat , nor any kind of threat what­so­ev­er .
I explained that it was just hip hop .
He told me that he kind of liked the song . ”
On Dec. 12 , 2009 , Hall , 34 , was arrest­ed and charged with 11 counts of com­mu­ni­cat­ing threats under Arti­cle 134 of the Uni­form Code of Mil­i­tary Jus­tice , a catch - all pro­vi­sion cov­er­ing actions ​“ to the prej­u­dice of good order and dis­ci­pline in the armed forces . ”
Though Hall had a clean , even exem­plary record , he had made no secret of his unhap­pi­ness with being stop - lossed and , as a sol­dier on base , he was in a posi­tion to car­ry out the threats in his song .
Still , more than four months had elapsed since Hall ’s song had reached the Pen­ta­gon , and it was prob­a­bly no coin­ci­dence that , only days before his arrest , he had filed a griev­ance about his inad­e­quate med­ical treat­ment .
In March , the Army shipped Hall to jail in Kuwait to await tri­al – far from his lawyers , friend­ly wit­ness­es and supporters .
The case turned on the ques­tion of how to inter­pret the words of a song , but here the Army ’s case seemed weak .
As any stu­dent of post­mod­ernism or com­mon sense knows , words can func­tion on more than one lev­el and mean­ing varies with context .
Mem­bers of the mil­i­tary retain many of their First Amend­ment rights .
They may not encour­age vio­lence or join any orga­ni­za­tion whose pur­pose is vio­lence – except­ing the mil­i­tary – but with some restric­tions , they may say , write , pub­lish and read what they want .
Hall had writ­ten and pro­duced his CD on his own time , out of uni­form , and not as a rep­re­sen­ta­tive of the Army .
And if his lyrics ( below ) were vio­lent and raw , so is much of the music sol­diers lis­ten to and so are the cadences they march to .
At Hall ’s Arti­cle 32 hear­ing , the mil­i­tary equiv­a­lent to a grand jury pro­ceed­ing , the Army ’s wit­ness­es tend­ed to strength­en his case more than theirs .
He was jok­ing , said his bat­tle bud­dies .
No one took it seri­ous­ly .
It was no big deal .
​ “ Those who do under­stand hip hop did n’t take it as a threat , ” Hall says , adding , ​ “ Those who do n’t under­stand hip hop run the military . ”
A court mar­tial was set for some time in April .
But Hall , who was spend­ing his days fill­ing up sand­bags in a mil­i­tary jail in Kuwait , had had enough .
He applied for a dis­charge in lieu of a court mar­tial , pled guilty to one of the charges against him , as required , and on April 17 , was released from the Army with an oth­er - than - hon­or­able dis­charge and loss of most of his benefits .
Now back in the Unit­ed States , he plans to appeal to upgrade his dis­charge and to apply for treat­ment of a ser­vice - relat­ed dis­abil­i­ty .
It seems only fair , he says .
​ “ I did my time .
I just expressed myself . ”
The Army main­tains that this was nev­er a First Amend­ment issue , and to some extent , Hall , his lawyers and sup­port­ers agree , charg­ing that the Army meant to make an exam­ple of him .
“ I think that [ the military ’s top brass ] care only about peo­ple accom­plish­ing the mis­sion , ” says David Ges­pass , pres­i­dent of the Nation­al Lawyers Guild and Hall ’s civil­ian lawyer .
So when Hall became increas­ing­ly dis­trust­ful of the mis­sion and his role in it – he joined Iraq Vet­er­ans Against the War in Sep­tem­ber 2009 and filed for Con­sci­en­tious Objec­tion in Jan­u­ary – the Army , accord­ing to Ges­pass , was ​“less and less con­cerned with his well - being and more and more con­cerned about what they could do to deal with him in a way that would ensure that oth­ers would not go down the same path . ”
“ Stop Lossed ” by SPC Marc Hall
Now this is real days
When s – t hit the airwaves
Some­body got­ta say
F – k you colonels , cap­tains , E‑7s and above
Think you ’re so much big­ger than I am I ’ve been too good of an Amer­i­can Stop - lossed , Stop move­ment , Got me chas­ing If I do drugs , I ’ll get kicked out , But if my time is out I ca n’t get out So the good die young I heard it out your mouth
So f – k the Army And every­thing you ’re all about
Like Oba­ma says ​ “ Some­body be held responsible ”
But some of y’all gonna be held in the hos­pi­tals when­ev­er pos­si­ble
To pur­sue my own jour­neys in life , through my own main obsta­cles Since I ca n’t pin­point the cul­pa­ble .
They want me cause mis­ery loves com­pa­ny I ’m gonna round them all up Even­tu­al­ly , eas­i­ly , walk right up peace­ful­ly
And sur­prise them all Yes , yes ya’ll up against the wall Turn around , I got­ta a moth­erf – king mag­a­zine with thir­ty rounds
On a three round burst , ready to fire down Still against the wall I grab my M‑4 Spray and watch all the bod­ies hit the floor I bet your nev­er stop loss nobody no more
In your next life­time of course , no remorse Yeah
You do n’t stop till the Army is the only mil­i­tary branch
That still got the stop loss in effect
So the only thing I got to say Is pre­pare for the con­se­quences
When peo­ple want to get out , let them get out .
Lis­ten to Hall rap here .
Image caption The Pope expressed hope justice would take its course in Belgium
Pope Benedict has joined mounting Vatican criticism of raids by Belgian police investigating alleged child sex abuse , calling them " deplorable " .
In a message to Belgian bishops , the pope expressed solidarity " in this moment of sadness " .
Several buildings were searched in raids targeting a retired archbishop and the graves of two prelates .
Belgium 's justice minister has responded to the criticism robustly , saying normal procedures were followed .
Stefaan De Clerck defended the police action , in a series of TV interviews on Sunday , and said the investigation was legitimate .
" The bishops were treated completely normally during the raid on the archdiocese and it is false to say that they received no food or drink , " he said .
I hope that justice will follow its course while guaranteeing the rights of individuals and institutions , respecting the rights of victims Pope Benedict
Mr De Clerck said the Vatican 's reaction had been excessive as it was based on false information .
Prosecutors said the action concerned alleged " abuse of minors committed by a certain number of Church figures " .
Police in Leuven , central Belgium , on Thursday seized nearly 500 files and a computer from the offices of a Church commission investigating allegations of sex abuse .
They also searched the Church 's headquarters and the Brussels archdiocese in Mechelen , north of the Belgian capital .
Belgium 's bishops , who were holding a meeting at the time of the raids , were kept incommunicado for nine hours while the searches were conducted .
' Unprecedented treatment '
Pope Benedict 's criticism of the raids came in a message of support to Brussels Archbishop Andre Joseph Leonard , the head of the Belgian bishops ' conference .
Image caption
An inquiry into church sex abuse in Belgium has been running for years
" I want to express , dear brother in the Episcopate , as well as to all the Bishops of Belgium , my closeness and solidarity in this moment of sadness , in which , with certain surprising and deplorable methods , searches were carried out . "
" I hope that justice will follow its course while guaranteeing the rights of individuals and institutions , respecting the rights of victims , ( and ) acknowledging those who undertake to collaborate with it , " Pope Benedict said .
On Saturday Vatican officials compared the raids and investigation into allegations of child sex abuse with the treatment of the Church under communist rule .
Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone , the Vatican Secretary of State , described the detention of priests " serious and unbelievable " .
" There are no precedents , not even under the old communist regimes , " he said .
The cardinal alleged that the Belgian bishops were left all day without food or drink , although this was later strongly denied by the Belgian justice minister .
The Vatican has summoned the Belgian ambassador to the Holy See to voice its anger at the incident .
The Catholic Church in Belgium has apologised for its silence on abuse cases in the past .
The church was rocked in April when the Bishop of Bruges , Roger Vangheluwe , resigned and admitted to sexual abuse before and after becoming a bishop .
ISLAMABAD : Pakistan and Australia on Monday signed a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) to increase defence cooperation between the two countries .
Defence Minister Chaudhry Ahmed Mukhtar and his Australian counterpart Senator John Faulkner signed the MoU on behalf of their respective countries at the Ministry of Defence in Islamabad .
The agreement envisages promotion of interaction between the armed forces of the two countries .
It also provides to double the training package for officers of Pakistani armed forces in Australia .
The Australian defence minister also called on President Asif Ali Zardari at the Presidency .
Attendees at the meeting also included Dr Ian Watt , secretary at the department of defence , Air Chief Marshal Angus Houston , chief of Australian defence force , and Tim George Australian High Commissioner in Islamabad .
President Zardari called for further enhancing Australia - Pakistan bilateral partnership in all sectors , particularly defence , trade , investment , agriculture , energy and education .
The president appreciated Australia ’s humanitarian assistance for hundreds of internally displaced people in Pakistan and cooperation in the fields of education , agriculture and vocational training .
He said that heavy investments were needed in the field of education to defeat militancy and extremist mindset in Pakistan .
The president expressed satisfaction over growing relationship between the two countries in various fields and thanked the Australian government for enhancing development assistance to A$ 120 million over two years , offering defence postgraduate scholarships and providing 100 scholarships in the field of agriculture .
President Zardari said the MoU on the Australian - Pakistan Development Partnership would help in cementing bilateral relations between the two countries .
He hoped that similar agreements in other areas of cooperation may also be finalised soon to fully utilise the existing level of cooperation between the two countries .
The president said Pakistan was committed to eliminating violent extremism at all costs .
“ Our successes and sacrifices are vivid reflection of our focus on eliminating the scourge of terrorism , ” he added .
Australian Defence Minister Senator John Faulkner appreciated Pakistan ’s commitment to eliminating militancy and assured continued support on behalf of his government in fighting the menace of terrorism .
Published in the Express Tribune , June 8th,2010 .
Last weekend in Glastonbury , England , on a site covering 1,000 acres , the 40th annual Glastonbury Festival was held at Worthy Farm .
Started by a dairy farmer , Michael Evis in 1970 it has grown into the largest music festival in Europe .
This year 's headline acts on the main stage included Muse , Gorillaz and Stevie Wonder .
Thousands of attendees were treated to a sunny weekend in the country with plenty to see , hear and experience .
Collected here are 40 images from Glastonbury 2010 for its 40th anniversary .
( 40 photos total
In the old days — whether they were good or bad depends on your perspective — nothing like the May 6 follies could have happened to a stock listed on the New York Stock Exchange .
Confronted with a large order imbalance , the Big Board halted trading and tried to sort it out .
That might not prevent a stock from plunging , of course .
But the delay gave time for cooler heads to leap in if they wished to do so .
In those days , the exchange had a monopoly on trading in stocks it listed .
So it could delay without costing it any business .
Also in those days , commission costs were far higher than they are now .
Big brokerage firms made markets in stocks for institutional investors , and charged them for it through commissions and , if the order was large or hard to place , through price discounts .
An institution that wanted to unload a large block of stock would call one of a handful of brokerage firms .
If it wanted to get out fast , it knew that Goldman Sachs or Salomon Brothers or Morgan Stanley would agree to buy it without lining up customers to take the stock .
How big a discount the broker demanded would depend both on its assessment of the market and on the institution ’s reputation .
If an institution was known for sandbagging brokers , perhaps by selling on news that was not yet public , or by selling blocks simultaneously to several brokers , it would find that subsequent sales were much harder to pull off .
Now we have competition between exchanges and computers with programs aimed at allowing an institution to parcel out stock in small blocks , so no one knows it is unloading .
Liquidity is largely provided by so - called high - frequency traders , who have their own superfast computers and models that are supposed to allow them to get in and out rapidly , making a small profit on almost every trade .
relative
With much of Europe ( not just Greece , Spain and Portugal , but also for example Britain , France and Italy ) engaging in fiscal austerity programms , one question that arises is what effect this will have on price inflation .
Traditionally the view is that it depends on whether or not the central bank also tightens monetary policy .
If a central bank is monetizing deficits , and responds to a decline in the deficit by monetizing less , then fiscal austerity will reduce inflation .
If on the other hand the central bank tries to inflate more to compensate for the expected drag on growth caused by fiscal action , then it could increase price inflation .
This view is largely corrects , but in a way it begs the question of what happens given a certain monetary policy .
Or in other words , what happens if monetary policy is not changed at all ?
In general , the effect will be to reduce price inflation .
The reason for that is that a lower deficit will reduce direct spending on consumer goods , something which will lower their price .
Meanwhile , by reducing demand for loanable funds , fiscal austerity will lower interest rates and raise asset prices and the prices of capital goods .
However , this outcome presupposes two things .
First of all , that fiscal action do not have significant negative supply effects .
If the effects on supply is greater than the effects on demand , then price inflation will not go down but in fact increase .
If on the other hand fiscal austerity have a positive supply effect , then the inflation reducing effects from lower demand will be reinforced further .
The main example of a supply - reducing fiscal austerity actions is higher marginal tax rates ( including increases in consumption taxes ) .
Supply increasing fiscal austerity action includes for example reduced unemployment benefits and a higher retirement age .
Another thing which it depends on is to what extent the lower interest rates caused by fiscal austerity will cause the currency to depreciate or not .
Generally this will be the effect , but it is uncertain just how great the effect will be .
If the currency depreciation is great enough , then inflation might in fact increase as a result of fiscal austerity .
In the case of the euro area ( or any other currency union , or group of countries with fixed exchange rates ) , inflation within the euro area will always be reduced ( at least assuming that there is n't significant supply reducing effects caused by tax increases ) as a result of fiscal austerity since there wo n't be any nominal exchange rate movements within the euro area .
Because the euro will probably depreciate as a result of fiscal austerity , the net effect on inflation in countries tightening fiscal policy will be uncertain , but it is certain that it will raise inflation in countries that do n't tighten fiscal policy .
It 's always been possible to run webOS on a PC using the emulator built into Palm 's SDK , but it turns out that the OS image used for the emulator can actually be installed on an IDE hard drive and booted from -- which is exactly what one enterprising member of the PreCentral forums did with his Dell C600 laptop .
It 's not too surprising webOS can do this , since it 's built on Linux , but do n't get too excited yet ; the OS runs in a funky aspect ratio in a small portion of the screen and the lack of a touchscreen means you 're stuck using the keyboard to navigate .
Still , it 's hard not to watch this without visions of webOS running on all manner of HP hardware in the very near future -- a tablet , perhaps ?
Video after the break .
Last week a hugely significant and historic debate took place in Scotland when the Parliament got round to finally discussing domestic violence against men .
As highlighted in the discussions it 's quite shameful that it took 11 years after the initial Liberal Democrat proposal to actually have the debate , particularly given that debating " violence against women " is quite literally an annual event .
The debate itself makes fascinating viewing and a number of those taking part really should be commended for their knowledge of the issues and determination to expose the truth with particular credit going to Mike Rumbles of the Lib Dems .
The most positive aspect of the proceedings was the recognition of how badly the Scottish Parliament was failing male victims .
It was noted that the Scottish Executive had spent some £ 100 million helping females victims , compared to £ 28,000 on men .
Feminists moan about all sorts of inequalities such as supposed discrimination in pay , yet even with their skills at fiddling the figures I doubt they can find any area where the disparity in government spending between the sexes amounts to more than 350,000 % .
As noted in the debate , such a lack of funding means there 's no actual helpline based in Scotland for men , and further still no services that victims can be referred to one they call the helpline .
It 's akin to setting up a " 999 " call centre but neglecting to employ any fireman , police or paramedics .
Another positive side of the debate was the recognition that abuse takes many forms , with one of the more serious being women denying fathers access to their children .
It was also mentioned how young men suffer more abuse than any other group and there was a promise to investigate the disparity between the reported number of male victim in surveys compared with the actual of them feeling able to report the matter to the police .
Similarly it was acknowledged that most domestic violence against men is of course committed by women .
An interesting aspect of the debate was the quite disgraceful conduct of the MSPs from the Labour Party with the event exposing their incredibly backward and one - sided approach to the issue ( though it was refreshing to see the rapidly growing gap between their sexist views and those of almost every other party ) .
First of all we got to hear from Johann Lamont , who sought to add an amendment to the proposed motion stating " " that overwhelmingly victims are women " .
Fortunately MSPs from other parties were on hand to remind Ms Lamont of the work of Parity and the excellent Statistics Authority who had already taken numerous government departments to task for using such a dishonest and inaccurate statement which downplayed the large proportion of domestic violence victims which were men .
Ms Lamont was n't finished there either , her next attack on male victims of domestic violence was to suggest that many male victims were lying , and further still were in fact perpetrators of domestic violence themselves !
Now I do n't ' doubt that some men lie on this issue , but given that the police invariably take the woman 's side who exactly is in the best position to make false allegations of abuse ?
Lamont will no doubt have been aware of the gender feminist Labour colleagues telling us how female rape victims will supposedly not be believed if anonymity was introduced , yet here we 've got an elected official herself denying men's suffering and accusing genuine victims of not only making it up but actually being guilty of the offence themselves !
Further still , it emerged she had repeated such an accusation on a radio broadcast earlier that morning too !
Lamont also exposed her contempt for the facts in other dishonest statements about men and children , even repeating the discredited and disgusting assertion that " Paedophilia is almost exclusive to men " whilst also downplaying the amount of violence women commit against children .
Of course Labour can't pretend all male domestic violence perpetrators are liars or even the actual perpetrators of such offences , and they did begrudgingly acknowledge the existence of male victims with Bill butler significantly involved in the debate .
So what was his attitude to these people faced with begin in such a desperate situation ?
Did he perhaps propose more funding , or setting up an actual helpline in Scotland itself , an advertising campaign or maybe even a shelter ?
No , Mr Butler instead sought to excuse women 's violence against men .
He told us how " When women use violence in intimate relationships it is often , though not always , in self defence or defence of a child or as a form of resistance . "
When Labour politicians talk about violence against women they always tell us you should " never hit a woman " and " there 's no excuse for abuse " yet here was a Labour MSP justifying the abuse of men and even blaming the victim suggesting they are child abusers or a person who somehow need " resisting " whatever that means .
His views were branded as " shameful " by the Liberal Democrats and quite rightly so .
My one criticism of the event is the failure to recognise the harmful anti-male agenda of the Men 's Advice Line , the organisation receiving the £ 28,000 .
The group behind " service " is unapologetically gender feminist in it 's outlook and mainly concerned with male perpetrators and female victims .
There was some recognition of the fact that the helpline scheme had n't gone out to tender with the Sottish Executive had only considering the Men 's Advice Line or a Scottish feminist group as candidates .
However , whistle quite rightly attacking the disgusting attitudes of the Labour MSPs to male victims , the politicians did n't seem to realise they were handing over money to an organisation with the exact same agenda and prejudices .
When vulnerable male victims make a phone call they would n't be getting a genuinely sympathetic response , but instead someone with exactly the same attitudes as Johann Lamont , i.e. someone who believes that many men lie about being victims of abuse whereas women almost always tell the truth .
Perhaps worse still , their words and experiences will almost certainly be twisted to suggest they were the perpetrator of the offence , with such statistics used by misandrists , even in the Scottish Parliament itself , as an excuse to deny help to men or to downplay their suffering ..
On a more positive note we did see a tremendous understanding of the issues , for example the quite brilliant Mike Rumbles stated " I hope that we will all see the evil of domestic abuse for what it is — an evil that is perpetrated on the weaker member of a relationship .
It is not a gender issue .
If we treat it as such , no progress will be made in tackling its true evil .
Members should not continue with the mistake of saying that it is simply a gender issue .
It is about the abuse of one person in a relationship by their partner .
Once we recognise that , we might at last get on the right track and have a chance of helping all those victims who really do need our help . "
However , such tremendous understanding of the problem did n't merely come from the Liberal Democrats , but also from the Conservatives and even some SNP members such as Christine Grahame .
She quoted a domestic violence victim who stated " I find it painful that the Scottish Government has funded a series of TV ads for Christmases highlighting the awfulness of domestic violence in which every example is of male violence against women .
It hurts to see messages on buses that men are violent and women are victims .
Not a hint that it can ever be the other way .
I have no sympathy for men who assault a wife or partner .
But I object to my own experience being disregarded . "
These words led to calls for a campaign or even just a single poster showing males being abused by women , though alas no action was promised .
When writing the conclusions and summaries for pieces such as this I generally have to explain the problem myself and condemn the guilty parties where so many other have failed to do so , either due to a lack of understanding of the issues or a lack of interest in genuine equality .
Refreshingly in this instance I can simply quote MSP Mary Scanlon who summed up the situation quite brilliantly herself : by John Kimble
A decision to use maximum force to fight online piracy has blown up in the government 's face after the Teeside Crown Prosecution Service ( CPS ) decided to drop its case against a teenager charged with illegally uploading music files to a file - sharing website .
A BPI spokesman said , " We are disappointed with this decision by the CPS .
It comes after a thorough investigation by Cleveland Police and follows a complaint by the industry concerning illegal distribution of pre-release music .
However , this decision does not undermine the strong case for tackling the serious damage done by pre-release piracy . "
The prevention of illegal file - sharing is at the heart of the Digital Economy Bill , which the House of Commons will debate on 6 April .
Copyright holders , led by the music industry , have lobbied extensively for powers to cut off subscribers who download copyright materials from unlicensed websites and block those websites .
The decision not to proceed with the prosecution of 17 - year - old Matthew Wyatt throws an unflattering light on the behaviour of the authorities and the music industry in fighting illegal file - sharing .
According to Wyatt 's lawyers , six people , including police officers , Trading Standards employees and members of both the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry ( IFPI ) and the British Phonographic Industry ( BPI ) , entered the Wyatt family home on 10 September 2007 and seized more than 160 items .
Wyatt was later charged with distributing copyrighted material so as to prejudicially affect the copyright holder , a criminal offence that carries a maximum 10 - year custodial sentence .
At no stage was he alleged to have been the original uploader of the music .
Wyatt 's lawyer , David Cook of Burrows Bussin , said Wyatt had found four music files on one publicly accessible music site and moved them to Oink , a popular BitTorrent file - sharing site .
In a separate case decided in January , Oink 's owner , Alan Ellis , was found not guilty of fraud .
Civil case
Commenting on the CPS 's decision to drop the case , Cook said it had always appeared to be a civil rather than a criminal case .
He said this was the first time he had seen a case where the Crown Prosecution Service acted as proxy for a private prosecutor .
" Every indication we had was that this should have been a civil , not a criminal , case .
I think the 11th hour decision not to proceed means that is probably true , " he said .
Cook said the CPS never produced any evidence that the material in question was copyrighted .
" In a world where kudos can be gained through early leaks , and fake tracks consisting of live versions , white noise and loops are rife , we believed that this was a dangerous gap in the evidence .
We also found it extraordinary that the copyright holder was never asked to identify the tracks as being theirs .
" Case law definitively states that copyright offences arising out of BitTorrent should be put before a civil judge , " he said .
" In this case , there appeared a simple reason behind the decision to charge with a criminal act - the IFPI wanted to make an example of Matthew Wyatt .
We asked the CPS to comment on this issue , but it dropped the case prior to the court hearing .
" Government ministers have categorically stated they do not want to see teenagers arrested in their bedrooms for file - sharing .
This case makes clear such assurances are hollow .
This prosecution was not only incompetently handled , it has never been in the public interest and the CPS was forced to admit that , " Cook said .
The CPS , the IFIP and the BPI did not respond to requests for comment .
— The American Civil Liberties Union of North Carolina is telling the state Department of Revenue to back off on a request for " constitutionally protected private information " of Amazon.com customers .
In a letter Thursday to Revenue Secretary Kenneth Lay , the group says it will join an existing lawsuit brought by the online retail giant if the department " persists in its demand " for North Carolina customers ' names and addresses .
" If the department persists in its demand that Amazon now additionally provide detailed user information … the constitutional rights of our clients and tens of thousands of North Carolina consumers will be violated , " the letter states .
Amazon filed suit in federal court last month to block the department 's attempt to get the information of those who bought or received items from the company since 2003 .
" The ACLU is not taking issue with the department ’s authority to collect taxes on the value of these purchases , but there is no legitimate reason why government officials need to know which North Carolina residents are reading what books or purchasing which specific brands of products , " Jennifer Rudinger , executive director of the ACLU of North Carolina , said in a statement .
According to its lawsuit , Amazon has already provided the revenue department with data about the purchases , including product codes that reveal the exact items purchased .
State revenue officials have called the lawsuit " misleading , " saying they never asked the retailer to turn over detailed information that would reveal personal preferences .
Lay re-emphasized in a statement late Thursday afternoon that the department is not interested in consumers ' buying habits .
" The department does need a general product description – for example , " book " or " food . "
That description is necessary to determine the rate of tax , because different items are taxed at different rates , " he said .
" The department does not require the identification of customers ' choices of expressive material . "
The information would cover about 50 million purchases , Amazon has said .
Because Amazon has no offices or warehouses in North Carolina , the company is n't required to collect the customary sales tax on shipments .
North Carolina requests voluntary compliance from taxpayers , asking them to include a " consumer use tax " on their individual income tax returns for anything purchased or received through the mail .
By some estimates , the state loses $ 140 million a year in unpaid taxes from online sales .
If bones could scream , a bloodcurdling din would be reverberating through a 500 - year - old cemetery in Peru .
Human skeletons unearthed there have yielded the first direct evidence of Inca fatalities caused by Spanish conquerors .
European newcomers killed some Inca individuals with guns , steel lances or hammers , and possibly light cannons , scientists report online in the March 23 American Journal of Physical Anthropology .
Surprisingly , though , no incisions or other marks characteristic of sword injuries appear on these bones , according to a team led by anthropologist Melissa Murphy of the University of Wyoming in Laramie .
Spanish documents from the 16th century emphasize steel swords as a favored military weapon .
Many Spaniards who helped Francisco Pizarro conquer the Incas were fortune - seekers , not soldiers , “ so the absence of sword injuries makes some sense , ” Murphy explains .
Skeletons in the Inca cemetery , as well as at another grave site about a mile away , display a gruesome array of violent injuries , many probably caused by maces , clubs and other Inca weapons , the researchers report .
Those weapons may have been wielded by Inca from communities known to have collaborated with the Spanish , or might have been borrowed by the Spanish , they posit .
“ The nature and pattern of these skeletal injuries were unlike anything colleagues and I had seen before , ” Murphy says .
“ Many of these people died brutal , horrible deaths . ”
Little is known about early European dealings with the Inca , remarks anthropologist Haagen Klaus of Utah Valley University in Orem .
“ Murphy ’s data show the types of violence that emerged from the first moments of contact between Spaniards and the Inca , ” Klaus says .
Pottery and artifacts at the sites date to between 1470 and 1540 , placing the deaths close to when Spaniards captured the Inca emperor around 1532 .
It took the invaders nearly another 40 years to control all Inca lands .
Murphy ’s team assessed skeletons of 258 Inca individuals , age 15 or older , excavated several years ago at the two cemeteries .
In one cemetery , bodies had been hastily deposited in shallow graves .
One - quarter of 120 skeletons displayed head and body injuries inflicted at the time of death , as indicated by a lack of healed bone and other clues .
That ’s a conservative estimate , Murphy notes , since soft - tissue damage does n’t show up on bones .
“ I ’m struck by the severity of violence in certain individual cases , where the skull was essentially crushed , repeatedly stabbed or struck , or shot through by gunshot , ” comments archaeologist Steven Wernke of Vanderbilt University in Nashville .
Whoever killed these individuals wanted to intimidate survivors as well , he asserts .
One man ’s skull contained two holes and radiating fractures consistent with damage produced by early guns that shot ammunition at low velocities .
Another male skull sported three small rectangular openings in the back of the head .
These injuries resemble those on skulls from a 1461 battlefield cemetery in England , Murphy says .
Medieval weapons tipped with steel spikes or sharp beaks probably caused these wounds , she proposes .
Three other skeletons exhibited injuries likely due to Spanish weapons .
Other skeletons contained head and body fractures probably inflicted by attackers bearing Inca weapons .
Individuals placed in this cemetery may have been slain in a documented 1536 Inca uprising against Spanish rulers in nearby Lima , Murphy suggests .
Family members collected their bodies and buried them quickly near previously deceased relatives , she speculates .
At the second Inca cemetery , 18 of 138 skeletons showed definite signs of violent death , all from Inca weapons .
That supports a scenario in which social turmoil around the time Spaniards arrived triggered conflicts between Inca communities , Murphy says .
Images : Melissa Murphy
See Also :
( U.S. Coast Guard photo ) We finally know the main two dispersants that BP and the U.S. government are using to treat the ongoing Gulf spill .
Both , by their maker ’s own admission , have the “ potential to bioconcentrate , ” and both have “ moderate toxicity to early life stages of fish , crustaceans , and mollusks , ” according to a study by Exxon , the company that originally developed them .
Their use may be the least - bad course , given the importance of minimizing oil ’s effect on coastal wetlands .
But a little digging into the chemical makeup of these two substances , which are being dumped in vast quantities into the Gulf , reveals that they could potentially do far more harm than good , both to the Gulf and to humans who later eat from it .
As ProPublica reported Monday , information about dispersants is “ kept secret under competitive trade laws . ”
I ’ve spent the last several days trying to confirm what many in the ocean - ecology and public health worlds seemed to know , but no one would say officially : that two different dispersants sold under the banner of Corexit were being used in vast quantities .
The Corexit brand is owned by an Illinois - based company called Nalco , which entered the dispersant business back in 1994 , when it merged with Exxon ’s chemical unit .
( By 2004 , Exxon had divested and Nalco was a standalone company , according to Nalco ’s company history . )
Last night I finally got my confirmation .
A spokesperson for the Occupational Safety and Health Administration finally pointed me to the website of Deepwater Horizon Response , the U.S. government ’s “ ongoing administration - wide response to the Deepwater BP Oil Spill . ” ( Update : Now here . )
The link took me to a “ fact sheets ” page , where I was able to download Nalco ’s Material Safety Data Sheets for “ Dispersant Type 1 , ” Corexit 9500 ( PDF ) ; and “ Dispersant Type 2 , ” Corexit 9527A ( PDF ) .
These product numbers matched the ones that had been identified unofficially by my sources .
Get Grist in your inbox
Always free , always fresh The Beacon Other choices Ask your climate scientist if Grist is right for you .
See our privacy policy
Bioconcentration game
OSHA requires companies to make Material Safety Data Sheets , or MSDSs , available for any hazardous substances used in a workplace , and the ones for these dispersants both contain versions of a disturbing statement .
9500 ’s states that “ Component substances have a potential to bioconcentrate , ” while the one for 9527A has the slightly more comforting , “ Component substances have a low potential to bioconcentrate . ”
This is not what you want to hear about toxins being dumped in the sea by the hundreds of thousands of gallons .
The EPA defines bioconcentration as the “ accumulation of a chemical in tissues of a fish or other organism to levels greater than in the surrounding medium . ”
In other words , substances that bioconcentrate tend to move from water into fish , where they can do damage to the fish itself , as well as be passed on to predator fish — and on up the food chain , to human eaters .
And just how toxic is this stuff ?
The data sheets for both products contain this shocker : “ No toxicity studies have been conducted on this product ” — meaning testing their safety for humans .
This is jaw - dropping .
According to Ronald Tjeerdema , chair of the Department of Environmental Toxicology at UC Davis ’ College of Agricultural & Environmental Sciences , who has been studying dispersants since the ’90s , “ The industry typically only stockpiles one or two of these things , ” and while Corexit 9527 has been the dispersant of choice for a long time , in recent years , Corexit 9500 has gained prominence .
Yet Nalco has done no toxicity studies on these industry - dominating products now in heavy use in the Gulf ?
They do appear to have toxic properties .
Both data sheets include the warning “ human health hazards : acute . ”
The MSDS for Corexit 9527A states that “ excessive exposure may cause central nervous system effects , nausea , vomiting , anesthetic or narcotic effects , ” and “ repeated or excessive exposure to butoxyethanol [ an active ingredient ] may cause injury to red blood cells ( hemolysis ) , kidney or the liver . ”
It adds : “ Prolonged and / or repeated exposure through inhalation or extensive skin contact with EGBE [ butoxyethanol ] may result in damage to the blood and kidneys . ”
Just the surfactants , please
So , what ’s in the stuff ?
According to their data sheets , both 9500 and 9527 are composed of three potentially hazardous substances .
They share two in common , organic sulfonic acid salt and propylene glycol .
In addition to those two , Corexit 9500 contains something called “ Distillates , petroleum , hydrotreated light , ” while Corexit 9527 contains 2 - Butoxyethanol .
Frustratingly , the sheets do n’t give exact information about how much of the substances are in the dispersants ; instead they give ranges as a percentage of weight .
For example , Corexit 9500 can be composed of anywhere from 10 to 30 percent petroleum distillates , while 2 - Butoxyethanol makes up anywhere from 30 to 60 percent of 9527 .
Petroleum distillates and 2 - Butoxyethanol are both solvents ; neither are substances you ’d excitedly dump into a vibrant ecosytem .
According to its International Chemical Scorecard , 2 - Butoxyethanol “ may be absorbed ” by the skin ; causes “ cough , dizziness , drowsiness , headache , nausea , and weakness ” when inhaled ; and “ abdominal pain , diarrhea , nausea , and vomiting ” when ingested .
For petroleum distillates , the International Chemical Scorecard has similar indications about exposure for humans , and adds this unsettling line : “ The substance is harmful to aquatic organisms . ”
As for the two ingredients common to Corexit 9500 and Corexit 9527A , propylene glycol does n’t seem horrendously toxic , according to its International Chemical Scorecard ; while organic sulfonic acid salt is a bit of a black box .
For the other substances , the data sheets listed what ’s called a CAS number , which allows researchers to look up specific information .
For organic sulfonic acid salt , the word “ proprietary ” appears in place of a CAS number .
Those things are surfactants , the detergents that bind to both oil and water and break oil down .
It ’s the solvents — 2 - Butoxyethanol and petroleum distillate — that appear to be the most dangerous .
Tjeerdema of UC Davis told me that the surfactants now in use are detergents “ very much like you use to wash your dishes ” and “ do n’t have significant ability to bioconcentrate . ”
The solvents are a different story .
He said their role in a dispersant is to help the surfactants mix with water .
“ It could be an issue that the solvents are able to bioaccumulate , ” he said .
Meanwhile , on Wednesday , the Coast Guard dropped 150,000 gallons of this stuff on the spill surface , AP reports .
I talked to a BP spokesman Thursday morning .
He told me the company planned to continue using dispersants at the surface .
The tactic of applying near the spill at the ocean floor has been temporarily suspended , the BP spokesperson said .
He would n’t divulge why .
Tjeerdema explained that the tactic of applying dispersant underwater at the base of leak is a “ unique situation ” because dispersants are normally applied at the surface .
“ The hope is that the dispersants and oil mix as they rise and lessen the amount of oil that reaches the surface , ” he said .
Mixing is key to achieving that goal , he continued , and mixing occurs best at warm temperatures .
“ At 5,000 feet below the surface , the temperature is a lot colder and there ’s a lot more pressure , and both the dispersant and the oil are thicker and more viscous , ” he said .
“ My guess is that the mixing down low is n’t happening very readily … I would be concerned that they ’re not very mixable because of the temperature . ”
If they do n’t mix well , of course , BP was until recently dumping toxic chemicals into the Gulf without gaining any advantage in limiting damage from the spill .
According to a report on Wednesday , a “ brown slime ” appeared on the shore of a barrier island off Louisiana .
“ The slime , which is not as thick as oil , is thought to be the chemical dispersant that had been pumped down to the site of the leak to break up the oil before it reached the surface , ” ABC reported .
As Tjeerdema told me , there are no good options for containing the spill until the leak is closed .
Unfortunately , that wo n’t happen for months .
And until then , we are likely further damaging to a fragile ecosystem in the name of saving it , and imperiling the health of seafood eaters for years to come .
You 'll no doubt always remember where you were when the Skycopter hovered over London , tracking the crawl of a mid-priced Rover containing Cleggbama , whose party had won a whole 1 % more of the public vote than it did in 2005 .
Did n't the smallness of it feel so giggle - inducingly right ?
It was as if Britain 's post - imperial decline into a piddling Cowellocracy had been condensed into a single piece of rolling news footage .
By mid-afternoon , Nick Clegg had kowtowed to David Cameron , while Cameron had patronised him , and Gordon Brown had stood outside No 10 holding a metaphorical " will work for food " sign .
The scene was set for a version of the classic game theory problem , the prisoner 's dilemma .
In this non - zero - sum game , two people are forced into situations where the incentives are such that they choose against their own interest and both lose when , had they colluded , they would have won .
Britain 's three - way political version should really advance the form .
With the hung parliament result laid bare , the irony of Brown 's idiotic wish for " an X Factor Britain " was yet again underscored .
The prime minister , and indeed the other two main party leaders , may care to consider that a decade of apparently lobotomising reality shows has bred an electorate that is sophisticated at delivering humiliation , vengeance and laughs .
Subconsciously or not , with this election result the voters have effected the political equivalent of forcing Katie Price to eat witchetty grubs in the jungle in penance for her ghastly public behaviour .
Oddly , given what we know of the beast , some could not contemplate the prospect of Brown resisting the pillow Peter Mandelson was even now believed to be placing over his face .
" It 's beginning to look a little undignified , " ventured John Major .
Beginning , Sir John ?
" I think the public would be flabbergasted , " spluttered Conservative Ed Vaizey .
Once it emerged that we'd forked out for some sod's moat to be cleaned , the public would n't bother gasting its flabber for anything less than the revelation that Gordon dined on sautéed kittens every night .
The public always knew the public was going to lose in this election : that has long been axiomatic .
What no one had really dared to dream , though – even in light of the expenses scandal in which all three were implicated – was that every leader would lose as well .
In any sane world ( we 're not in one , obviously ) all three men would have resigned on the basis that they have failed in their stated mission .
Every major party leader is badly wounded or , in the case of Gordon Brown , doing that chicken thing of continuing to walk despite having had its head cut off .
Glenn Close rearing up out of the bath in Fatal Attraction , Kathy Bates somehow righting herself after being brained with the typewriter in Misery : in searching for the Gordon analogue , you could basically take your pick .
His lunchtime speech in Downing Street confirmed we were now living in the Bizarro World many had predicted would be the result of a hung parliament , but which seemed even more hilarious now we were there .
" I must make clear I would be willing to see any of the party leaders , " Brown wheedled , reminding us that he is above all a guy whose entire political career has been about the free and humble exchange of ideas with his peers , as opposed to an obsession with cleaving power to himself so monomaniacal that it would occupy an entire symposium of psychiatrists .
Meanwhile , Cameron enticed Clegg with " a big , open and comprehensive offer " .
Even though the Tory leader thought the Lib Dems were cuckoo on everything from defence to Europe to immigration , and would rather staple his eyelids to the floor than give them PR ( I paraphrase slightly ) , they totally had stuff like the pupil premium in common .
What could possibly go wrong ?
Doubtless we 'll soon find out , because the two men opened telephone discussions sometime after Countdown .
As for the Norma Desmond of Downing Street … well , he continues to wait for his close - up , presumably raging that it was the politics that got small .
3D Realms / Apogee Ltd. and Take - Two have settled their differences and filed to dismiss their litigation over Duke Nukem Forever .
According to the filing ,
The above action , including any and all claims that were or could have been asserted by the parties , is dismissed with prejudice in accordance with the terms of the Settlement Agreement executed by the parties on May 14 , 2010 .
“ Dismissed with prejudice ” means when a case is dismissed for good reason and the plaintiff is barred from bringing an action on the same claim .
Now with legal hurdles out of the way , 3D Realms simply needs to finish the game , a task they have not managed to complete in more than 10 years of development .
One thing ’s for sure though , you can always bet on Duke and stay optimistic .
I personally remember watching the trailer of DNF , back in 2002 , included in the PC version Duke Nukem : Manhattan Project and saying to myself that this is going to be one hell - of - a game .
Well , Duke Nukem : Manhattan Project will now be releasing June 23 , 2010 on XBL for 800 MS Point .
What do iPhone users want most ?
According to the results of a survey released today , the top four things that U.S. iPhone users want most are already available from Google 's Android .
The survey , conducted by interactive research firm Vision Critical , lists a choice of wireless network ( 39 percent ) as the number one thing that smartphone buyers in the U.S. would most like to have in the Apple iPhone .
Android devices , of course , are available across multiple wireless carriers while the iPhone can only be used ( without jailbreaking ) on AT&T in the U.S .
Also on the list :
A 4G Network ( 38 percent ) : HTC's Evo 4G for Sprint has hit the market , even if 4G service by Sprint is n't widespread yet .
An 8 - megapixel camera ( 33 percent ) : HTC's Evo 4G and Droid Incredible both have 8 - megapixel cameras .
FM Radio Tuner ( 30 percent ) : Yup , Android has one already .
Interestingly enough , the headline on this survey was centered around the desire for an FM tuner , especially in Canada , where that was the number one item on the iPhone wishlist .
Royalty agreements have kept Pandora and Spotify , streaming music services that are big in the U.S. and U.K. , off of the devices of Canadian customers .
There have been rumors of Apple enabling a dormant FM Tuner on the iPhone and iPod Touch , but it still has n't been turned on .
When and if Apple ever does announce an FM tuner for the device , the company is sure to get cheers for offering something that others have already been offering - just as iPhone enthusiasts have cheered for things like tethering , MMS support and cut - and - paste in the past .
Those things were n't new when Apple announced them .
They were just new for the iPhone .
Here 's the full wishlist from Vision Critical :
Elena Kagan Will Be Obama 's Pick for the Supreme Court ABC News confirms U.S. Solicitor General , former Harvard Dean , is selected .
May 10 , 2010  -- President Obama has selected Solicitor General Elena Kagan as his second nominee to the U.S. Supreme Court , ABC News has learned .
If her nomination is approved by the Senate , Kagan would fill the seat left open by the retirement of Justice John Paul Stevens and become the fourth woman ever to sit on the nation 's highest court .
Kagan , 50 , is considered one of the finest legal scholars in the country , dazzling both fellow liberal and conservative friends with her intellectual and analytical prowess but also her ability to find consensus among ideological opposites .
" She 's a solid , hard working , intelligent , really smart lawyer , who 's had an extraordinary amount of experience in the law even though she has n't been a judge , " said Greg Craig , former White House counsel , on " Good Morning America . "
" Politically , I think she 's also as mainstream as they can get . "
Obama , who called Kagan last night with his final decision , is also said to be impressed with her trail - blazing career as the first woman to head Harvard Law School and the first woman confirmed as solicitor general .
Kagan 's background as the daughter of a tenant lawyer and a teacher and her never having served as a judge were also important factors in her nomination , sources say .
During her confirmation for solicitor general , Kagan won the support of Democrats and nine Republicans in the Senate , including two conservatives on the Judiciary Committee : Sens. Jon Kyl and Orrin Hatch .
In the weeks ahead , Democrats will likely make the case the case that if she 's good enough to represent the U.S. before the Supreme Court , she 's good enough to be on the court .
But some conservatives are expected to put up a fight , calling Kagan " inexperienced " and divisive in reaction to her nomination .
" Kagan has been nominated with no judicial experience , a mere two years of private law experience , and only a year as Solicitor General of the United States , " wrote David McIntosh , co-founder of the conservative Federalist Society .
" She is one of the most inexperienced nominees to the U.S. Supreme Court in recent memory . "
" She 's been extremely guarded about her views , with the exception of gay rights , where she has been vehement in opposing federal laws she does n't like and has worked as Solicitor General to undermine those laws , " said Ed Whelan , president of the conservative Ethics and Public Policy Center .
Still , Kagan supporters say they do n't see the criticism as a real threat to her confirmation .
" You do n't have to have judicial experience to be a highly qualified candidate , " said Craig .
" She is her own person -- an independent force of nature . "
William Rehnquist and Lewis Powell , both appointed by President Richard Nixon in 1972 , were the last two justices to sit on the high court without any prior judicial experience .
Who is Elena Kagan ?
Human rights advocates have been furious that as solicitor general Kagan has supported some of the same policies held during the Bush administration , including the argument against extending habeas rights to detainees held in Bagram Air Force base .
But experts caution about reading too much into the positions Kagan has taken while serving as solicitor general .
" Part of the reason why it is difficult to look at the solicitor general for the court is because one can't ever really tell , unless they were in the room , whether she is shaping policy , or merely enforcing it , " said law professor Stephen I. Vladeck of American University Washington College of Law .
" It 's unfair to reach any conclusions based purely on external , public indicia . "
Obama has made clear his desire to hold confirmation hearings by early July .
In her last appearance before Congress , Kagan was a lively witness , at times charming conservative senators .
But a confirmation hearing for a lifetime appointment to the court is sure to entail more pointed questions and a closer review of her record .
Kagan may also have to explain comments she made in a 1995 book review on Senate confirmation fights :
" When the Senate ceases to engage nominees in meaningful discussion of legal issues , the confirmation process takes on an air of vacuity and farce , and the Senate becomes incapable of either properly evaluating nominees or appropriately educating the public . "
She will also be asked more questions about decisions she made while working in the Clinton White House .
The administration has yet to release any documents from that time period .
During her confirmation hearings for solicitor general , she was asked about several memos that she prepared in 1987 for her then - boss Justice Thurgood Marshall .
Conservatives believe the memos on criminal procedure reveal Kagan to be left of the political spectrum .
At her hearing , Kagan downplayed the effect of the memos , saying , " You know , I was a 27 - year - old pipsqueak , and I was working for an 80 - year - old giant in the law , and a person who , let us be frank , had very strong jurisprudential and legal views . "
Sen .
Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania asked her about one memo involving the Adolescent Family Life Act , which authorized federal funds for religious organizations designed to discourage teen pregnancy .
Specter , then a Republican who has since become a Democrat , quoted Kagan 's memo :
" It would be difficult for any religious organization to participate in such projects without injecting some kind of religious teaching . "
At the hearing , Kagan admitted she had only recently seen the memo again after 20 years .
" And I looked at it and I thought that is the dumbest thing I 've ever heard , " she said .
Specter laughed .
ABC News ' Jake Tapper , Jonathan Karl and Devin Dwyer contributed to this report .
As legal rebukes go , it 's hard to get more comprehensive than the one federal judge Martin Feldman delivered yesterday in overturning the Obama Administration 's six - month moratorium on deep water drilling in the Gulf of Mexico .
In a remarkably pointed 22 - page ruling , the judge made clear that even Presidents are n't allowed to impose an " edict " that is n't justified by science or safety .
Oil - services ...
Gorillas in a tryst ... or how one chest thumping ape wooed his sweetheart
The sight of a mighty silverback gorilla thundering towards you , beating its chest , might cause most of us to turn tail and run .
But for award - winning wildlife photographer Andy Rouse , who took these extraordinary pictures , it was a sign the primate was just trying to impress the ladies and did n't mean him any harm .
The display of bravado from the 28 - stone gorilla , called Kigoma , seemed to have the required effect .
Charge !
28 - stone silverback Kigoma dashes towards the camera
After this awesome show , he succesfully mated with not one but two females from his group .
And in a touching moment , the mountain gorilla planted a kiss on top of one of their heads as he held her in his strong embrace .
Mr Rouse was leading a group of seven tourists in Rwanda 's Virunga Volcanoes National Park at the time of the charge .
He said : ' There was some trepidation in the group when he came at us , but gorillas are gentle giants who rarely hurt humans .
We 're required by the park authorities to be at least seven metres away from the gorillas , but a big gorilla can be with you in two seconds if he 's charging .
Alpha male : A big of chest - beating to show he 's the dominant one
' I said to my clients ' do n't panic ' , and our guide advised us to stand still and make a gap for Kigoma to run through if he wanted .
' He got about a metre away and plonked himself on all fours looking at us .
Then he went off to mate .
Twice .
' It 's amazing to see gorillas in this habitat and Kigoma is really gentle with the females and the babies . '
Kigoma , son of the gorilla group 's leader , Kwitonda , is thought to be asserting his place within the group after becoming a fully fledged silverback .
Only kidding :
The gentle giant is just trying to impress the ladies with his show of strength
' The only one who can have the females is Kwitonda , but when the son becomes a silverback he can challenge his father , ' said Mr Rouse .
' Kigoma is a big , muscular guy - he 's taller than me and I 'm 6ft - and is starting to challenge his father by mating with the females .
That 's quite a dangerous thing for him to do .
If he got caught by Kwitonda , he would get beaten .
I 've heard recently that Kigoma has taken some of the females away with him .'
The gorilla is the largest of the great apes .
When mature , males develop a silver - grey back , hence the name silverback .
Adult females weigh about 14 stone .
Loving embrace : Kigoma kisses the head of a female after mating with her
But after widespread poaching and the destruction of their habitat , there are only about 680 mountain gorillas left in the wild .
But gorilla tourism , which is worth an estimated $ 3 million a year , is increasing their chances of survival .
' Tourism is good for the gorillas , ' said Mr Rouse .
' When visitors pay to see the gorillas , the people living here see they 're more valuable to them alive than dead .
So their numbers are increasing slowly . '
By Ollie Irish
Another Marmite kit for next season .
I think it ’s dated and lacking even a scintilla of style ( the new sponsor ’s logo is terrible too ) , but …
I might change my mind when I see it on Wazza ’s back .
What say you – hit or shit ?
Vote below :
Det korte svaret er at du kan få mye ut av aksjeinvestering også selv om du er nybegynner .
På grunn av internett har privatpersoner for alvor fått øynene opp for aksjeinvestering online .
Her kan du lese mer om hva du skal gjøre for å komme i gang .
Hvor skal jeg begynne ?
Det beste stedet å …
Polish authorities have arrested a suspected Israeli agent accused of involvement in the assassination of a Hamas operative in Dubai in January .
The man identified as Uri Brodsky was arrested in Warsaw earlier this month and is accused of illegally obtaining a German passport .
One German passport was among about 30 that Dubai police allege were fraudulently used by the assassins that killed Hamas commander Mahmoud al Mabhouh in a Dubai hotel room .
German media say authorities in Cologne had issued a passport in the name of Michael Bodenheimer , the same name used by one of the alleged assassins .
The reports say Germany is now seeking the man 's extradition , but the Israeli embassy in Poland has urged authorities to reject it .
Three Australian passports have also been linked to the Dubai murder , as have 12 British , six Irish and four French , according to Dubai police .
Australia 's Foreign Minister Stephen Smith has expelled an Israeli diplomat over the incident , saying it has damaged confidence and trust between the two countries .
- ABC/AFP
Is it time to abandon hope for the human race ?
It seems increasingly likely that , by the end of this century , deserts will have expanded , areas of coastline will have disappeared beneath the sea and millions of people will have died of starvation or the effects of war .
A three - fold crisis is gathering around us , and it seems unlikely that we have the wit or wisdom to tackle the three elements of global warming , population growth and over - consumption .
Global Warming
The evidence is mounting that the Earth is warming quicker than many scientists predicted .
In April 2009 , an ice bridge snapped on the Antarctic peninsula that had linked the Wilkins Ice Shelf to Charcot Island , indicating that the ice may be breaking away .
Recent reports from Siberia reveal that the permafrost there is melting rapidly .
As it melts , methane is released , accelerating climate change even further .
According to an article by Gaia Vince in the New Scientist on 28 February , 2009 , many scientists think that the temperature of the Earth will rise by 4 °C by 2100 , with some predicting that this level will be reached as early as 2050 .
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change predicted a rise of anywhere between 2 °C and 6.4 °C this century , and their conclusions are viewed as conservative .
In August 2008 , Bob Watson , former chair of the IPCC warned that the world should ' prepare for 4 °C of warming ' .
The consequences of a warming of even 4 °C are frightening .
As the Greenland ice sheet and parts of Antarctica melt , sea levels would rise , flooding coastal regions with up to two metres of water .
This would mean the loss of land in Bangladesh and in Polynesia , while New Orleans and Venice would disappear .
Large parts of the Earth 's surface are likely to become desert , with the Sahara stretching into Europe .
Global warming will hit the tropics hardest .
India , Bangladesh and Pakistan will experience shorter but fiercer monsoons , bringing devastating floods .
Yet , as the land becomes hotter , water will evaporate faster , giving rise to drought across Asia .
As glaciers melt , rivers which draw their water from mountainous areas will dry out .
These include the Rhine and Danube in Europe , the rivers which rise in the Peruvian Andes and the rivers of the Indian subcontinent , which flow from the Himalayas and the Karakoram Range .
Many of the world 's great cities will become unbearably hot and people will be forced to move towards the poles .
Population Growth
At the same time as the Earth heats up , the human population is growing .
In 2007 , the UN Population Division projected that the world 's population will probably exceed 10 billion by 2055 .
From there , it may decline , due to problems of health , poverty and environmental degradation .
If the Earth 's population grows from its present 6.5 billion to 10 billion in the coming century , it will be almost 50 % harder to feed the world , stop climate change and prevent the exhaustion of resources .
Attempts to limit population growth have been hampered by opposition from the Catholic Church , among other organisations .
Green groups have been reluctant to discuss the problem of over - population , as it seems like blaming the poor for the world 's problems , as the fastest population growth is occurring in developing countries .
However , it is surely irresponsible to avoid the issue altogether .
Over-consumption
If over - population is considered a threat , it needs to be linked to over - consumption .
In an article in The Guardian on 29 January , 2008 , George Monbiot points out that the global economy is predicted to grow by about 3 % a year this century .
This means a doubling of economic activity every 23 years .
In theory , global consumption will increase by about 1,600 % by 2100 .
Given that the Earth 's resources are finite , this level of consumption is clearly absurd .
However , economists see growth as the only force capable of lifting the poor out of poverty , feeding the world 's population , meeting the costs of public spending and stimulating economic development .
In 2009 , the world 's politicians responded to recession by introducing measures designed to stimulate growth .
They are simply unable to face the fact that growth cannot continue , because that means telling their people that their way of life must change .
What Can be Done ?
If the problems facing the human race are so serious , can anything be done ?
In the UK , the Government has urged people to improve the insulation of their houses , buy energy - efficient domestic equipment and turn off TVs and computers rather than leaving them on standby .
Even if everybody adopted such measures , they seem to be too little too late .
More radical steps are needed .
In her article in the New Scientist , Gaia Vince describes a world in which high - rise cities in Scandinavia , Russia and Greenland house much of the world 's population .
A vast array of solar collectors in North Africa , the Middle East and the southern USA would provide energy .
However , where would the resources to build such high - rise cities come from ?
We have already reached peak oil supply and other materials are also becoming exhausted .
As the Earth 's resources dwindle , wars over access to remaining supplies seem likely .
In addition , measures to relocate the populations of hot countries to higher latitudes are surely impracticable .
Anyone who thinks about the response of local people to the recent waves of immigrants can foresee riots and a growing danger of terrorism .
The respected scientist , James Lovelock , who developed the Gaia hypothesis , thinks that the human race is in trouble .
He believes that Earth 's population will crash from today 's 6.6 billion to as few as 500 million by 2100 , with most of the survivors living in the far north and south .
Conclusion
If you look cold - eyed at the future of the human race , the prospects look dire .
Some humans may survive the 21st Century , but their lives are likely to be nasty , brutish and short .
It is , perhaps , time to despair .
Manchester United ’s new sponsors
Aon have agreed to pay £ 80 million over four years making it one of the most lucrative shirt sponsors in history .
This new shirt sponsorship has recently been tied with Liverpool ’s new shirt sponsorship ending their almost 20 year sponsorship with Carlsberg .
The money and talent coming into Manchester United is one of the reasons the team was named the most valuable club in the world by Forbes.com with a team value of $ 1.835 Billion .
Real Madrid are second with a value of $ 1.323 Billion … that ’s a staggering $ 500 Million difference between the two clubs .
Manchester United has marketed their team really well over the past few years by traveling to the Far East , tapping into a huge market that few have taken advantage of .
Manchester United ’s back to back Champions League Finals appearances also adds to their growing popularity which has lead to their $ 459 Million Revenue .
Sir Alex Ferguson has undoubtedly played a key role in United ’s establishment as the dominating force in the Premier League winning the Premier League 11 times in the last 17 seasons .
He also managed to make three Champions League final appearances within the last 10 years winning two of the three .
He also developed some of the best players in the world through his youth academy with the likes of Ryan Giggs , Paul Scholes , Gary Neville and most notably David Beckham .
He has been able to win countless trophies joining the elite in 1999 by winning the Treble ( FA Cup , Champions League and League ) .
The club has also benefited financially from players like these through jersey sales and in one situation the sale of the players themselves .
He ’s also brought in young players for a relatively small price and allowed them to grow and develop into the world ’s best players allowing the club to tap into the wealth of some other teams with deeper pockets .
An example of this is the sale of Cristiano Ronaldo to Real Madrid last summer for a record £ 80 Million and even with the loss of the Portuguese star the team has still been able to succeed .
We can continue talking about the club ’s influential figures from coaches to players but one thing that all fans dream about is watching their favorite team play in the Theater of Dreams .
With a capacity of 76,000 Old Trafford is the envy of all Premier League Teams .
Whether its the atmosphere created by the sheer number of fans or the money coming in from all ticket sales the name ‘ Theater of Dreams ’ manifests itself in many ways .
With all the assets that this club has how is it possible for a club with such revenue to be in debt for about £ 800 Million ?
The answer lies in the clubs American owners , the Glazer family , who are also owners of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers .
In 2003 Malcolm Glazer increased his shareholding from around 3 % to 15 % and eventually pushed to a complete takeover of the club a few years later .
He was able to do so by buying more shares of the club which were paid for by taking out loans .
The loans have been refinanced several times in attempt to reduce interest payments and just this year they issued £ 500 million bond to remove some of the outstanding debt leaving the club in a £ 700 million hole with £ 45 million in annual interest .
This financial burden that the clubs owners are faced with has caused fans all over to become upset especially since they ’ve been noticing ticket prices skyrocket over the past few years since the Glazer takeover .
Many United fans are trying to find a way to return ownership of the club to the supporters , a plan of a £ 1 billion takeover is in the air at the moment as well as a plan to boycott season tickets in an attempt to drive the Glazers out of Old Trafford .
It will be interesting to see how the situation plays out over the next year or so as fans continually show their support by wearing the green and gold scarves .
Will the American ’s and their debt hold on to the most valuable club in the world or can the loyal fans impose their will and save their club from their debt ridden foes .
Be sure to follow us here , twitter and facebook to see how this battle between fans and owners is decided .
- Ahmed Ahmed
By now , you 've probably heard about the fight between Apple and Adobe .
To sum up the story , Apple banned Flash from the iPad , people began predicting the death of Flash , and Adobe has been on the defensive ever since .
The Apple - Adobe war has only escalated in recent weeks .
Apple 's core argument is that HTML5 is the future of the web , not Flash .
Adobe is looking to prove Apple wrong by delivering Flash for mobile devices later this year .
Who 's right , though ?
While we 've already weighed in on the debate , we want to hear what you think .
Cast your vote below , and post your a comment to let us know your rationale !
Discord and the ' Shy
D
Discord and the ' Shy
" Will you post ponies on my board ? " said the Discord to the ' Shy , ' Tis the prettiest little website that ever you did spy ;
The way into my website is through a winding link , And I 've a many curious things there , even a pony 's sink . "
Oh no , no , " said the little ' Shy , " to ask me is in vain , For who posts in your pony board are ne'er seen about again . "
" I 'm sure you must be weary , dear , with soaring up so high ; Will you rest upon my little bed ? " said the Discord to the ' Shy .
" There are pretty curtains drawn around ; the sheets are fine and thin , And if you like to rest awhile , I 'll snugly tuck you in ! "
Oh no , no , " said the little ' Shy , " for I've
Chimpanzees may comfort others in distress in ways very similar to how people do , according to what may be the largest study of consolation in animals by far .
The new findings in our closest living relatives could help shed light on the roots of empathy in humans .
The spontaneous consolation of someone in distress with a hug , a pat on the back or other friendly display of physical contact has been studied in human children as a sign of sympathetic concern for others for decades .
This kind of demonstrative empathy is often thought to be a large part of what sets humanity apart from other animals .
To better understand how empathy might have evolved in our lineage , animal behaviorist Teresa Romero of Emory University and her colleagues studied roughly 30 chimpanzees housed outdoors at the Yerkes National Primate Research Center .
Over a span of eight years they documented cases where uninvolved bystanders offered comfort to recent victims of aggression .
Whereas most studies on animal consolation typically involve looking into a few hundred cases of conflicts and their aftermaths , " ours is based on an analysis of about 3,000 cases , " Romero says .
Although anecdotes about chimpanzees ' empathy have been plentiful , empirical evidence was very limited until now , Romero explains .
The large amount of data that she and her colleagues collected helped them detect various trends by observing when consolation was offered in the forms of grooming , embraces , gentle touches and kisses .
For instance , females were significantly more consolatory overall than males were .
Empathetic roots
" These results are in line with the results obtained in humans , " says primatologist and sociobiologist Elisabetta Palagi of the University of Pisa in Italy , who did not take part in this study .
" This is an adaptive behavior that is probably based on the strong emotional links between the mother and her infant till the first stages of life .
The capacity to understand , foresee and respond promptly to the necessities of a baby is extremely important for the fitness of the mother , so females ' empathic behavior has probably been favored by natural selection . "
Additionally , a similar pattern was seen in the highest - ranking males , who frequently offered consolation .
This likely reflected the general pacifying function of these males in chimpanzee life , the researchers say .
Another effect of social roles in consolation : low - ranking chimpanzees received solace roughly half as often as higher - ranked victims .
Similarly to humans , chimpanzees were more likely to console kin and those socially close to them than others — about two to three times more so — and they were significantly more supportive with those who had comforted them in the past .
Also , consolation occurred roughly 50 percent more when aggressors ignored victims and no reconciliation had occurred between them .
The researchers suggest that means bystanders offering solace were sensitive to the neglected victims ' need for comfort .
Many mammals may be capable of basic forms of empathy .
The point of this research is not so much that our closest living relatives display empathy , " but the possible level of empathy reached by chimpanzees , " Romero says .
The human - animal connection
The consolation observed in chimps goes beyond merely basic empathy , Romero notes — if the apes only understood how others felt , they would be expected " to selfishly seek alleviation of their own distress , probably turning away from the victim . "
Rather , the distressed chimpanzees seem to experience concern born from sympathy , leading them to seek out and help others .
" The underlying mechanism of consolation in chimpanzees may be similar to humans , " Romero says .
She and her colleagues Miguel Castellanos and Frans de Waal detailed their findings online June 14 in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
" This kind of study highlights the continuity between humans and animals , not only from a morphological , anatomical and physiological point of view , but also from a psychological and emotional point of view , " Palagi says .
" The human mind , like body , has evolved in continuity with other animals . "
One challenge with calling such consolation sympathetic concern is that the researchers were measuring behaviors , not emotions per se , says developmental psychologist Carolyn Zahn - Waxler of the University of Wisconsin–Madison , who did not participate in this research .
Future work could also investigate chimp vocalizations or even facial expressions to help overcome this issue , she notes .
" Having visited the Yerkes Center firsthand , I myself have no doubts these behaviors the researchers are detailing are parallel to the first forms of comforting behaviors we see in human children , " Zahn - Waxler adds .
Future research could also investigate more distant relatives of humans .
" To date , there is no evidence that consolation is present in monkeys , " Palagi says , " but we are working on an interesting [ monkey ] species , the gelada , in which females are extremely bonded .
Preliminary data suggests that true consolation could be present in this species and , if the data are confirmed , will be a further important step in understanding the consolation mechanism and the cognitive scaffold at its basis . "
Michael Jai White as Jax ?
Jeri Ryan as Sonya Blade ?
Baraka and Reptile as homicidal maniacs ?
This footage from what looks to be the next Mortal Kombat game or movie trailer is brutal , disgusting , and perfect .
Advertisement
Reader Kev directed us to this video , featuring a realistic new take on the Mortal Kombat franchise that has more in common with movies like suspense and horror films like Seven and Saw than anything resembling the campy video game to film adaptations we 've seen in the past .
Last we heard , Warner Bros. was looking to reboot the film franchise .
If this is the fruit of that effort , we approve wholeheartedly .
Advertisement
More likely this could be a live - action trailer for the next game .
Either way , we approve .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Mortal Kombat creator Ed Boon has indicated that the next game in the series would be shooting for an M rating .
" People want an M- rated MK .... dammit we will give them an M- rated MK . "
This would surely do the trick .
Advertisement
This is way too much star power for a fan project .
We 're digging around for more information .
Considering the timing of this trailer , however , we expect we might hear more as E3 quickly approaches .
Now , help us figure out who all is appearing in this clip .
Update : Actress Jeri Ryan , the actress portraying Sonya Blade in the video , has confirmed via Twitter that this is a short film created by a director to sell Warner Bros. on his Mortal Kombat pitch .
" It 's not a game trailer .
Actually was made for the director to sell WB on his vision for a reimagined MK film , " Ryan says on her Twitter page , adding " I did it as a favor to a friend .
No idea yet what WB 's reaction to it was . "
Thanks to Zimnick for pointing us towards Jeri 's updates !
By Jonathan Legard and Andrew Benson
Mark Webber will stay at Red Bull next year , team boss Christian Horner says .
The world championship leader is out of contract at the end of the year and is planning to spend the next few weeks deciding on his future .
Horner said : " When we sit down and talk about it , it will be straightforward .
If it 's not broken why fix it ?
It 's clear where our and his intent is .
" It 's just a matter of sorting out the paperwork with his management .
In the coming weeks that will be sorted . "
The Australian , 33 , heads into this weekend 's Turkish Grand Prix leading the world championship after consecutive wins in Spain and Monaco .
He is one of two drivers - the other being Renault 's Robert Kubica - linked with a move to Ferrari following speculation about the future of Brazilian Felipe Massa , although Ferrari team principal Stefano Domenicali has told BBC Sport that he expects Massa to stay on next season .
Webber will consider his F1 future but has publicly said he is happy at Red Bull .
He joined the team in 2007 , when it was not competitive , and has stuck with it as it emerged as F1's leading force .
ANDREW BENSON BLOG
What has turned Webber from a quick and aggressive but sometimes inconsistent driver into a man who now appears to have become a consistent front - runner ?
And can he maintain his form ?
This year the team are dominating the championship .
Webber is tied on points with team - mate Sebastian Vettel , but classed as the leader because he has won more races , and the two have been on pole position for all six races so far .
Horner said : " Mark is not your normal guy .
He wants to be in a situation where he can be competitive .
" He 's not looking to string out his career beyond where he believes he has the desire and competition .
" When a driver is approaching their mid-30s you take things one year at a time and he 's more than comfortable with that as are we . "
Webber said : " It 's nice to be in the team after all the work we put in during those tough years , even when I first arrived at Red Bull .
" You are always hopeful that you get an opportunity to drive a car which is very competitive .
" We know that it 's an important part of the job but also as a driver you do n't hang around this business that long if you 're not performing either . "
Vettel , known to be a target for Mercedes , is under contract with Red Bull until the end of 2011 , with an option to stay for 2012 .
Horner dismissed talk of 2007 world champion Kimi Raikkonen returning to F1 with Red Bull next year .
The Finn quit F1 over the winter for the world rally championship , where he drives a Red Bull - sponsored Citroen .
Horner said : " Kimi has committed himself to rallying and seems to be enjoying that environment .
" So there 's never really been any discussion We 've been happy with the job Mark 's been doing so why would you change ? "
Colin Fraser is the newest member of the Edmonton Oilers .
The " energy " forward was acquired very late Wednesday from the Chicago Blackhawks in exchange for a 6th round pick in the immediately upcoming Entry Draft .
It is unclear which of the Oilers three 6th - rounders was the one that changed hands , be it their own # 151 , the # 162 they acquired from Anaheim as a kicker in the Lubomir Visnovsky - Ryan Whitney deal , or the # 166 acquired from Ottawa for last year 's 7th - rounder .
( Add : According to @dantencer , it 's the # 151 pick )
Whatever , a 6th - round pick is a lowlow price to pay for an Actual NHL Player ™ , which Colin Fraser clearly is .
Moreover , he 's one that 's ready now , does n't need two more years of junior and two or three or forty years of minor - league training for a shot that may never come .
He 's already done all of that : 340 regular season and playoff games over 4 seasons with the Red Deer Rebels of the WHL , 248 games over three full AHL seasons with the Norfolk Admirals and Rockford Ice Hogs , and finally 162 games over the last two years with the Chicago Blackhawks .
Just 25 , this is one experienced hockey player .
Much of that experience is of the winning type , as the Hawks have been a mighty successful team during Fraser 's two seasons .
For the most part he 's been cast as a fourth - line centre who can win an own - zone draw , kill a penalty and make things happen for the 10 minutes a night he 's out there .
In other words , the second coming of Kyle Brodziak , who was traded out in a very similar deal at last year 's Entry Draft , but for less apparent reason .
The Oilers never adequately filled that 4C spot in my opinion , but may have done so with this latest transaction .
Of mild concern is that Fraser did n't see much actual playoff action , just 5 games over the two years , which is to say 5 more games of playoff experience than a whole lot of Oilers have .
This year he got caught behind a quartet of pivots that included Jonathan Toews , Patrick Sharp , Dave Bolland , and John Madden , all of whom played all 22 games of the playoffs .
Chicago 's depth was pretty outstanding ; but it 's from that depth that they must deal bodies away in order to shed payroll , as we saw twice on Wednesday .
Fraser is currently a restricted free agent , having signed a one - year deal with Chicago which paid him $ 700,000 for the 2009 - 10 season .
That was a $ 200 K raise from his rookie season , and one might surmise that it 'll require a similar boost in pay to get this guy happily under contract with his new club .
Something in the Ryan Jones range , just under $ 1 M .
Get 'er done , I say , and welcome to the club , son .
We could use a good man like you .
A microstatistic look at the newcomer after the jump .
Colin Fraser was the first person drafted in the third round of the famously deep 2003 Entry Draft , 69th overall .
He was picked ( by Philly ) immediately after J-F Jacques , while fellow new teammates Ryan Potulny and Zack Stortini were picked later in that third round .
( Incoming President of the Optimist 's Club or not , I had to temper people 's expectations at some point . )
Like them , he is a survivor ; like them , he is a bottom - sixer .
But , as I am fond of saying , every team needs at least 6 of those .
With the Oilers ' injury history , 16 of them is probably a better number .
I 'm convinced Fraser is a starting bottom - sixer who will play when healthy , and who should help the club when he does .
Never a big scorer , Fraser improved from 42 to 52 to 53 to 67 points over his four junior years .
In the last of those he was picked to play on one of the great World Junior teams , Team Canada 2005 , and was later named the CHL's Humanitarian of the Year (!)
At the AHL level he improved from 25 to 36 to 41 points .
He looks to be one of those guys who just keep getting better .
Fraser posted decent enough numbers ( 81 GP , 6 - 11 - 17 , +3 ) in his rookie season , and despite missing some game action this past season , improved slightly across the board ( 70 GP , 7-12 - 19 , +6 ) .
Much as Brodziak had done in 2008 - 09 , Fraser had very weird splits , just 2 - 2 - 4 , - 4 in 35 games at home , but a very respectable 5 - 10 - 15 , +10 in the same number of road fixtures .
( In '08 -09 his home / road splits were indistinguishable from each other so road dominance is hardly a trend , but at least he's not one of these Patrick O'Sullivan types who get destroyed outside his home rink . )
The addition of John Madden seems to have cost Fraser some ice time in 2009 - 10 , at 4C , on faceoff duty , and on the penalty kill .
In his rookie season Fraser led Hawks forwards with 2:57 SH TOI/G , while in his sophomore season that number was halved to a still - respectable 1:26 .
Still , that sounds like a guy who will help the Oilers ' woeful PK unit .
Fraser can take a faceoff ( a shade under 50 % in both seasons , good for a young player ) , and was relied on by Quenneville to take a lot of defensive zone draws .
In '08 -09 he was third on the club ( behind Ladd and Bolland ) with an OPCT of just 44.3 % ; in '09 - 10 that got bumped to second on the club ( behind Madden ) at 41.1 % .
Impressively , Fraser 's OPCT to finish his shift was over 52 % .
This was a guy who saw , and presumably helped , the puck go in the right direction .
From a scoring perspective , in 2009 - 10 Fraser posted a pretty impressive ESP / 60 rate of 2.01 , which ranked a decent sixth among Blackhawks with 40 +
GP .
( Among the Oilers , just Dustin Penner and Gilbert Brule outperformed him in this category ; Potulny was a distant third at 1.60 . )
Evidence his offensive improvement was real can be seen in his personal shots rate , which soared from 0.8 / GP to 1.3 .
Playing with and against fourth - liners for the most part , Chicago outshot their opposition by 29 - 18 for every 60 minutes Fraser was on the ice at evens , with that shots - against rate being the best of a pretty impressive Hawks forward corps .
Despite a middling PDO # of .979 , Fraser 's group outscored by over half a goal per 60 minutes .
Among his more impressive attributes , Fraser has shown a good ability to draw many more penalties than he takes .
A steady 150 - PiM - per- season guy throughout his junior / minor league apprenticeship , Fraser has cut that down to around 50 minutes in the bigs .
According to Behind the Net ( where I 've gotten many of these microstats ) , he drew 1.3 penalties per 60 in 09 - 10 , more than any Hawk not named Kane or Toews , while taking just 0.3 himself , less than any Hawk not named Madden .
That 's a real nice combination .
Even as a rambunctious rookie Fraser posted almost as good numbers of 1.3 drawn to 0.6 taken .
A little thing , maybe , but one of those little things that helps his team win .
Right , Ethan ?
Fraser is a moderately physical player , finishing fifth among Hawks forwards with 62 hits despite being only 12th in total TOI .
He 's a decent shotblocker , having led the club in this dept his rookie year , and had a real solid takeaway : giveaway ratio of better than 2:1 .
For what those numbers are worth .
If you have n't guessed by now , I like this trade , and the more I think about it the more I like it .
This is exactly the kind of player the Oilers need :
decent size ?
check
experienced ?
check
affordable ?
check
coming INto his prime ?
check
a competitive so - and - so ?
check
a centre ?
check
... who can actually check ??
check
... and can take a draw ???
check
... in his own end ????
check
... when a man down ?????
check
Man oh man , is that a shopping list or what .
This guy - or somebody exactly like him !
- is the sort of player the team has sorely missed since Jarret Stoll , Marty Reasoner and Kyle Brodziak left town .
Stifled somewhat by a team so outstanding he became the 13th forward , Fraser 's good enough to make the top 12 of every other club in the league .
Dare I say the top 9 on some clubs ?
The good thing is , the description above works equally well for a 3C as a 4C .
There 's room for a bottom sixer to grow ( especially on this club ) .
I expect that Fraser will welcome the challenge , which also represents an opportunity , and get his name under contract sometime before the 30th .
Finally , credit where due to Steve Tambellini who has acquired both a known and needed commodity for a song .
A minor deal , perhaps , but such deals are absolutely necessary building blocks to reinforce the long climb back to respectability .
Teams do n't thrive on stars alone .
Only bummer is Colin is going to have to find a new number .
Sorry , bud , 46 is taken .
By your new RW .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
After reading my post on Thursday about the depredations of the credit and debit card industry , Matt Yglesias objects to my plan to “ micro- manage ” their business :
Regulate business to prevent negative environmental externalities , sure .
Basic safety , okay .
But the idea that what we need is for a bunch of people to get together and say that it would be better to ban this and that and the other capitalist act between consenting adults just strikes me as the wrong way of going about things .
Purely economic regulation of this sort does n’t have a compelling track record , runs into all kinds of Hayek - esque knowledge problems , and is basically an open invitation down the road for regulatory capture and the use of rules to prevent the emergence of competition .
Count me out .
This is a very good point , and it ’s one that normally I ’d find persuasive .
So much so , in fact , that I originally planned to address it in my initial post .
But that post ended up running too long as it was , so I decided to leave it for another time .
Which this is .
So let me take a crack at persuading Matt and other doubters that although there are indeed some important issues here related to consenting adults , competition , and Hayek - esque knowledge , they mostly point in a non-intuitive direction .
There ’s a lot less micromanagement here than meets the eye .
Here ’s the thing : in my initial post I actually proposed only two pieces of government action : one to regulate interchange fees ( the 1 - 2 % fees that merchants are required to pay card issuers on every debit or credit transaction ) and another to regulate overdraft fees .
Let ’s take a look at those
First , interchange fees .
The problem here is twofold : ( a ) the fees themselves are non-transparent to consumers and ( b ) they ’re administered by an effective monopoly .
There are lots of banks and credit unions that issue credit and debit cards , but two companies — Visa and MasterCard — control the vast bulk of the payment network and set the interchange fees .
Even the most ardent free marketers usually concede that a combination of monopoly power and opaque pricing is a problem , and that ’s what we have here .
So let ’s try a thought experiment .
What if credit and debit cards lived in a real free market with transparent pricing ?
Suppose that instead of just two payment networks there were a dozen .
And suppose that instead of hiding interchange fees by extracting them from merchants , who pass them along to consumers invisibly , the card companies actually charged consumers directly .
What would happen ?
Answer : banks and payment networks would compete for customers ’ business , and they ’d largely do this by trying to offer the most efficient , lowest - cost service .
After all , if consumers actually saw the interchange fee tacked onto their bill each month , they ’d gravitate toward banks and payment networks with the lowest fees .
Those fees would very quickly converge on an amount just slightly over the actual cost of running the network , and given what we know about that from the early days of debit card networks before Visa and MasterCard took over ( you can read the astonishing story here ) , that means fees would be about a quarter of what they are now .
Now , would some card issuers try to compete on other factors ?
Maybe .
American Express charges an annual fee and lots of customers consider it a good value anyway .
So maybe some banks and one or two of the payment networks would charge a higher interchange fee and then offer rewards cards to customers to make it worth their while .
This sounds like a pretty improbable business model to me — would you knowingly pay a higher monthly fee in order to get a fraction of it back in rewards ? — but you never know .
And if it works , I ’m fine with it .
That ’s the free market at work .
A real free market with competition and transparent price signals .
Unfortunately , as economists since Adam Smith have pointed out , most of our rock - jawed titans of industry do n’t really like free markets .
They much prefer cozy cartels and opaque pricing , which are far more profitable .
So although I ’d be fine with regulations that forced a genuine free market onto the card industry , I ’m not sure it ’s feasible .
As a next - best alternative , then , I favor federal regulations that push down interchange fees to something within shouting distance of what they ’d be in a free market .
Second , overdraft fees .
The problem here is simpler : overdraft protection is , by any common sense definition , a short - term loan .
And it should be regulated as a short - term loan .
Unfortunately , back in 2004 the banking industry strong - armed the Greenspan - era Fed into declaring that up is down and black is white .
The Fed conceded , in its final report on the matter , that banks promote overdraft protection “ in a manner that leads consumers to believe that it is a line of credit . ”
And the Fed politely encouraged them to be a little more honest about this .
But that was it .
Officially , overdraft charges still were n’t loan payments , they were fees , and banks could charge whatever they wanted .
There are a couple of problems here .
The first is that regardless of the Fed ’s Alice - in - Wonderland opinion , overdrafts really are loans and ought to be regulated as loans .
This is , obviously , an intrusion on a pure free market , but it ’s not much of one : regulating consumer loans is a long - accepted role for the federal government , and regulating overdraft fees fits right into this role .
All we need are rules for overdraft fees that are roughly the same as for any other consumer loans .
That includes limits on interest rates , transparency about what ’s being charged , and restrictions on the fees and charges that surround the origination of the loan .
Beyond that , though , there ’s also a pure free market distortion in the way overdraft protection works today .
In a proper free market , consumers have a choice .
If they do n’t want your good or your service , they can choose not to buy it .
But until recently , that was n’t the case : consumers were n’t notified that they were about to overdraw their account .
They were n’t given the option of choosing to accept or decline the purchase anyway .
Hell , they were n’t even given the option of not having overdraft protection in the first place .
On the contrary , overdraft protection was deliberately set up to rope low - income consumers into paying wildly abusive fees for small mistakes .
What kind of free market is that ?
So that ’s my case .
In the case of interchange fees , the free market has been so badly distorted that it simply does n’t work in any recognizable way .
There are two options to fix this : either force transparency and competition on the industry or else regulate fees down to levels that are n’t too flagrantly abusive .
I suspect that the latter is , at this point , the only feasible option .
[ Update :
And the latter is , at least partly , going to get done .
Three cheers for Sen. Dick Durbin . ]
In the case of overdraft fees , simply regulate them as short - term loans with a maximum interest rate of , say , 100 % .
It ’s an intrusion on the free market , but it ’s a small and long - accepted one .
As a rich member of a rich society , I have a hard time accepting that we are n’t willing to impose this kind of modest regulation in order to rein in a genuinely contemptible practice that ’s cynically set up to prey on the weakest , poorest , and most unsophisticated consumers as a way of subsidizing finance for the best off among us .
And one final thing .
You can , as some pious conservatives say , avoid both interchange fees and overdraft fees simply by not using credit or debit cards .
If you do n’t like the way the industry works , exercise your right in a free market not to participate .
And 20 years ago that was a perfectly good option .
But in practical terms , it just is n’t anymore : it ’s close to impossible to live an ordinary working class or middle class lifestyle without credit and debit cards , and it ’s only going to get even more impossible as time goes on .
For better or worse , credit and debit cards are now required parts of our existence , and that means consumers need to have real choices and real competition within the e-payment network we all live in .
And that ’s what I want : choice and transparency , with modest regulation to prevent abuse of the most vulnerable among us .
Fifty years ago that would n’t have been controversial .
It still should n’t be .
POSTSCRIPT : Just to address a couple of likely questions before they come up :
First :
So how will banks make money on credit and debit cards ?
Answer : interchange fees would still offset the cost of actually running the payment network .
Beyond that they ’ll charge annual fees and make money on interest from outstanding balances .
You say you do n’t like annual fees ?
Well , you ’re already paying one , and it ’s a lot bigger than you think .
The only difference between interchange fees and an old - fashioned annual fee and is that an annual fee is usually smaller and is always transparent .
Second : what does this have to with financial reform ?
Answer : nothing much .
These fees were n’t directly responsible for the credit bubble or the collapse of 2008 , and fixing them wo n’t do much to prevent future disasters .
It ’s just the right thing to do for other reasons .
Home page image : BigBeaks / Flickr
As oil continues gushing into the Gulf of Mexico and the resulting environmental and economic catastrophes worsen , BP is dragging its feet on the damage claims .
There are reports that BP has sent $ 46 million in checks so far to some 17,500 Gulf Coast residents for their lost income .
Boat owners interviewed by the Peoples World say that what BP is paying is not nearly enough and that the company is dragging its feet on making payments .
BP admits that it has not paid out at least 17,500 claims , what it says are half the total it has received thus far , because of “ questions about documentation . ”
That claim is merely a ruse , local fishermen tell the World , because the company is aware that Gulf fishing is largely a cash business .
Many of the fishermen interviewed by the World work in the building and construction trades half the year or whenever they can get such work and look forward to the summer season when they can make the cash they need to survive .
“ You ca n’t pay your bills , fix up the house , send the kids to school , recover from Katrina and do everything else you need to do to survive without that extra money during fishing season , ” said Chet Held , a life long Louisiana fisherman and a member of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers .
Held said that people in southern Louisiana are used to being cheated on damage claims .
His entire house , except for the top 13 inches and the roof , were underwater after Katrina .
“ Whatever was n’t washed away was then covered with oil leaking from a ruptured Murphy Oil tank , ” he said .
“ I had all I could do to keep my son from losing his cool when the insurance adjustor said he could n’t do anything for us because we did n’t have receipts .
‘ Here ’s your receipt , ’ my son said , pointing to the rubble all around us . ”
When President Obama visited the Gulf on Friday , he said he did not want to hear that BP was “ nickel and diming fishermen or small businesses who are having a hard time while spending billions of dollars on dividends and millions of dollars on advertising . ”
BP has drawn fire for its multi-million dollar newspaper , radio and TV ad campaign .
BP CEO Tony Hayward said of the spill this week , “ We ’re sorry for the massive disruption it ’s caused their ( people of the Gulf region ) lives .
There ’s no one who wants this over more than I do .
I ’d like my life back . ”
White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said , “ Hayward does n’t need to be telling people in the Gulf that he ’d like his life back .
There ’s 11 people that we ’d all like to have their lives back that were killed the very first night of this incident .
And the harm that ’s being done there will take years to fix .
We will hold BP responsible throughout the process . ”
Robert Reich , former U.S. Secretary of Labor , has proposed that beyond damages for lost income BP should pay for creating cleanup jobs .
“ The president , ” said Reich , “ shpuld order BP to establish a $ 5 billion clean - up fund , and immediately put America ’s army of unemployed young peo[ple to work saving the Gulf coast .
Call it the new Civilian Conservation Corps . ”
The government is warning that no one should expect a quick end to the crisis .
Coast Guard commander Thad Allen said “ the only solution to the problem would be the successful completion of relief wells to finally stop the flow from the bottom of the 18,000 foot deep well , a job that will not be completed until August , at the earliest .
The spill will not be contained until that happens .
“ But even after that , ” he warned , “ There will be oil there for months to come .
This will be well into the fall . ”
Meanwhile , there has been a large shift in opinion against coastal drilling in a new Political Wire poll .
Fifty - one percent of people believe offshore drilling is “ too risky ” with 40 percent still in favor .
That is an enormous change from August 2008 , when 62 percent of people favored increased offshore drilling .
The new poll also shows that just as many people now view the spill as part of a broader problem as consider it an isolated incident .
Photo : Fishermen who own boats like the one here in Ycloskey , La. say BP is dragging its feet on damage claims .
Blake Deppe / PW
SAO PAULO , Brazil — Brazil ’s Belo Monte dam could flood more than 500 square kilometers of Amazon rainforest , displacing tens of thousands people and disrupting the lives of thousands of indigenous tribes .
But the Brazilian government , with its booming economy and growing electricity needs , is determined to go ahead and build it .
The giant hydroelectric project — which would be the world ’s third biggest — has become an international symbol of the battle between environmental protection and economic development .
Opposition from actress Sigourney Weaver and Avatar director James Cameron has raised its profile yet further .
“ What ’s happening in Avatar is happening in Brazil , ” said Cameron , when he visited the area in April .
But to stop the dam , said President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva on his weekly radio program in April , would be “ an insane move ” in the fight against climate change .
“ Hydroelectricity is the cheapest , ” he said , “ and because of this I ’m happy that after 30 years , finally , Belo Monte is going to happen . ”
First planned by Brazil ’s military government in 1979 , Belo Monte has been attracting celebrity opposition since the 1980s .
In 1989 , the project was shelved after a campaign by the rock star Sting and Indian chief Raoni , who famously wore a plate through his lip , succeeded in scaring off foreign backers .
Twenty years later , both are back opposing the dam .
“ It is not to better the quality of life of people , ” said Antonia Mello , coordinator from the Xingu Indian tribe ’s Xingu Movement Forever .
“ It is to benefit political groups and groups of businessmen . ”
The tribe ’s Xingu Basin home will be flooded .
“ There will be huge damage to the biodiversity .
More than 50,000 people who will be expelled from their homes and their lands , ” Mello said .
Protests and international legal actions are pending .
But with Brazil 's economy set to grow at 5 percent this year , the country needs electricity .
“ Electricity consumption has grown higher than GDP , ” said Ronaldo Seroa from the Government ’s Economic Research Institute .
In October 2009 , a blackout affected tens of millions of Brazilians when power line failures shut down the giant Itaipu dam — another giant hydroelectric project on the Paraguay border that supplies almost 20 percent of Brazil ’s electricity .
( Watch video profiles of energy entrepreneurs around the world . )
Belo Monte has been beset by problems .
Construction giants Camargo Correa and Odebrecht walked out of the first consortium put together to build the dam .
After a judicial battle a second consortium finally won a government auction .
The government has had to guarantee 80 percent of the costs through the Brazilian Development Bank .
Critics say the dam will not generate the energy the government says it will .
“ The government says it will produce 11,000 megawatts , ” Mello said .
“ But the government knows well that it will be just 4,700 megawatts when the river is full .
In the dry season when the river diminishes its water , it will be just 1,000 megawatts — and it could be completely paralyzed if the river is too dry . ”
The government says it will cost $ 19 billion reais ( $ 10 billion ) .
Specialists say it could cost up to $ 30 billion reais .
Greenpeace Brazil ’s Marcelo Fortado said Brazil needs a more imaginative energy policy and could easily find the extra power needed using alternative sources : wind turbines , smaller hydroelectric projects , sugar cane waste , greater energy saving .
“ Big projects like this are not the way forward , ” he said .
In December 2009 , a report by the Brazilian government ’s own Energy Research Company said that energy consumption could be cut dramatically by a more efficient environment code , and more efficient electronic goods and energy consumption .
Greenpeace says 30 percent of energy produced is wasted .
But Brazil is an ambitious country and the world ’s 10th biggest economy wants to become its fifth .
Thirty million Brazilians have come out of poverty in the last decade , 50 percent of the population is now considered part of a new lower middle class .
And if continuing social problems are to be avoided , the country ’s economy needs to keep growing at the 5 percent projected for this year .
Belo Monte is part of the Lula government ’s Accelerated Growth Program .
“ If Brazil is going to grow , more electricity is needed , " said David Fleischer , professor of political science at Brasilia University .
" We do need some big infrastructure projects if Brazil is going to become the fifth biggest economy in the world . ”
Ever since Brazil ’s military dictatorship , with its slogan of " Big Brazil " first mooted the Belo Monte project , big showpiece projects like this have been written into the DNA of successive Brazilian governments .
“ Politically , it ’s flashy and it gives you a lot of propaganda , ” said Fleischer .
And Brazil is proud of its clean energy record : about 80 percent of its electricity comes from hydroelectricity .
Seventy more dams are planned .
In October , Brazil will elect a new president .
A radical new energy policy is unlikely to be adopted in the meantime .
For now , Belo Monte is going ahead .
Cacique Akiaboro , leader of the Caiapo , another tribe affected , said last week after a meeting with Lula “ there will be a war between Indians and whites ” if the government insists on building the dam .
But in the wider context of an overheating economy and an ambitious government , indigenous tribes like his are political collateral in a game being played for much bigger stakes .
Melly
This is how being from " da hood " is like , right ?
Level 10
This is how being from " da hood " is like , right ?
The " A Game By Its Cover " Competition « on : June 28 , 2010 , 01:41:11 AM »
What is this ?
" A Game By Its Cover " is a game development competition based on how people 's work inspires others to think in new and wonderful ways .
In it we 'll make real games out of fake game carts whose creators probably never imagined would become something real !
What do I do ?
1- Pick one fake game cartridge / disk / box art from somewhere in the internet !
2- Use it as inspiration to make a real game out of it !
3- Enjoy an atmosphere of high creative energy , no crystals required !
4- Have lots of fun !
What are the guidelines ?
1- Each entry must be based solely on one source image .
2- More than one entry can be based on the same image , so do n't go on calling dibs since there are no dibs .
3- Create a thread for your game in the A Game By Its Cover sub - forum within Competitions , with the prefix : " [ AGBIC ] " .
Like this :
[ AGBIC ] My Bit of Garden : Gaiden Edition
4- Within the first post of your thread , post the image that you 'll be using as inspiration .
5- If possible , post a link to the original website where the image can be found .
6- Use the cart primarily as a source of inspiration .
You do not need to tie yourself to any elements of the cart ( like title , art style or any descriptions ) , and are in fact encouraged to take it in an original path .
7- Use carts that show original concepts and design .
Avoid things like " Modern Warfare 2 on Atari 2600 " or " Twilight as an NES game " .
Remember , we 're here to prize originality and creativity !
8- Do not use your own images , or images that have n't been made specifically to be fake carts / disks / boxes .
9 - Do not alter the original image in any way ( other than resizing it for display on the thread ) .
10 - Collaborations are allowed , welcome and encouraged .
11 - You may use existing frameworks / engines that you or others have coded for your games .
12 - However , the game itself must be made entirely for this competition .
13 - If you cancel your entry , do n't lock the thread , merely add " [ CANCELLED ] " to the end of your thread title .
14 - If you finish your entry , add " [ FINISHED ] " to the end of your thread title , and remember to post your game in the
15 - There are no restrictions or limitations as to how your game should look / work , except that your game must not alter or damage anything about the player 's computer , though that should go without saying .
Even if you choose a fake NES cart , you do n't have to make the game with NES restrictions ( but are welcome to if that floats your boat ) .
Be aware that if your game does n't work on Windows or otherwise works on few or obscure OS 's that people may have trouble playing it and may not vote for it during the voting phase , but that part is also up to you .
16 - TIGSource claims no ownership of anything you make .
It 's all for fun !
17 - If your game possesses NSFW or otherwise potentially offensive content , put in disclaimers BOTH on the thread AND within the game itself as the first thing visitor / players see .
18 - No prizes , other than the adoration of your peers and a piece of my approval , worth more than its weight in gold in at least 13 states !
19 - Offer feedback to your fellow participants throughout the competition !
Socialize !
20 - Enjoying yourselves is a priority !
But where can I find carts to make games out of ?
I 'm glad you asked !
The original event to inspire this competition was the Famicase Exibition , hosted in Japan by Meteor :
Famicase 2008
Famicase 2009
Famicase 2010
A video on Famicase ( 2007 )
( courtesy of Cthulhu32 )
( Mirror )
A Flash App with all carts .
May have higher resolution version on older carts .
Requires hefty loading .
Additional sources :
( provided by Ina Vegt )
( provided by shockedfrog )
Obviously , if you find somewhere else with interesting carts or boxes to make games out of , you 're welcome to use them , and to share them in this thread !
Of course , avoid sources of the style I mentioned previously .
Pick original and creative concepts !
For those that want it ,
The compo STARTS : June 28
The compo ENDS : August 7
Now get onto it !
I 'm going to bed !
" A Game By Its Cover " is a game development competition based on how people 's work inspires others to think in new and wonderful ways .
In it we 'll make real games out of fake game carts whose creators probably never imagined would become something real !
Pick onegame cartridge / disk / box art from somewhere in the internet !
Use it as inspiration to make a realout of it !
Enjoy anof high creative energy , no crystals required !
Have lots of Each entry must be based solely onsource image .
than one entry can be based on the same image , so do n't go on calling dibs since there are no dibs .
Create a thread for your game in thesub - forum within Competitions , with the prefix : " [ AGBIC ] " .
Like this :
Within the first post of your thread , post thethat you 'll be using as inspiration .
If possible , post ato the original website where the image can be found .
Use the cart primarily as a source of .
You do not need to tie yourself to any elements of the cart ( like title , art style or any descriptions ) , and are in fact encouraged to take it in an original path .
Use carts that showconcepts and design .
Avoid things like " Modern Warfare 2 on Atari 2600 " or " Twilight as an NES game " .
Remember , we 're here to prize originality and creativity ! use your own images , or images that have n't been made specifically to be fake carts / disks / boxes. alter the original image in any way ( other than resizing it for display on the thread ) .
are allowed , welcome and encouraged .
You may use existingthat you or others have coded for your games .
However , the gamemust be made entirely for this competition .
If youyour entry , do n't lock the thread , merely addto the end of your thread title .
If youyour entry , addto the end of your thread title , and remember to post your game in the " POST FINISHED ENTRIES HERE " thread , following the guidelines provided in the first post .
Only games that are posted in that thread will be eligible for voting .
There arerestrictions or limitations as to how your game should look / work , except that your game must not alter or damage anything about the player 's computer , though that should go without saying .
Even if you choose a fake NES cart , you do n't have to make the game with NES restrictions ( but are welcome to if that floats your boat ) .
Be aware that if your game does n't work on Windows or otherwise works on few or obscure OS 's that people may have trouble playing it and may not vote for it during the voting phase , but that part is also up to you .
TIGSource claims no ownership of anything you make .
It 's all for If your game possesses NSFW or otherwise potentially offensive content , put inBOTH on the thread AND within the game itself as the first thing visitor / players see .
No prizes , other than the adoration of your peers and a piece of my approval , worth more than its weight in gold in at leaststates !
Offerto your fellow participants throughout the competition !
Socialize !
yourselves is a priority !
I'm glad you asked !
The original event to inspire this competition was the Famicase Exibition , hosted in Japan by Meteor : ALL Famicase carts in a single package for easy downloading !
( courtesy of Cthulhu32 ) Additional sources : http://fx.worth1000.com/contests/11213/beta-busts-5 ( provided by Ina Vegt )
http://mightygodking.com/index.php/2008/04/21/fun-from-yesterday/?
( provided by shockedfrog ) Obviously , if you find somewhere else with interesting carts or boxes to make games out of , you 're welcome to use them , and to share them in this thread !
Of course , avoid sources of the style I mentioned previously .
Pick original and creative concepts !
For those that want it , here 's a nice first - post template by Dacke ( linked by JamesGecko )
Now get onto it !
I 'm going to bed !
Image caption Geert Wilders said he wanted to be part of a new government
A Dutch anti-Islam party has more than doubled its seats in parliament in a national vote , though it is unclear if it will take part in a coalition .
Freedom Party leader Geert Wilders said he wanted to be part of government .
The election saw the centre - right Liberal Party ( VVD ) emerging as the largest party , one seat ahead of the centre - left Labour Party .
The Christian Democrat party of outgoing Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende suffered a big defeat .
Weeks of coalition negotiations are expected to follow the election .
With more than 99 % of votes counted , the VVD had 31 of 150 seats , while Labour had 30 .
As the party with the most seats , VVD leader Mark Rutte could now become the first prime minister from his political camp since World War I .
Headscarf tax
The unexpected big winner was the anti-Islam Freedom Party , the PVV , which took its number of seats from nine in the last parliament to 24 - its best - ever finish .
The campaign had been dominated by a debate over the economy , which was thought to have eclipsed immigration as an election issue .
But the strong showing for the Freedom Party , led by the controversial Geert Wilders , is a sign that immigration was still a powerful theme , correspondents say .
Mr Wilders has campaigned to stop the " Islamisation of the Netherlands " .
He wants the Koran banned , and has suggested a tax on headscarves worn by Muslim women .
" Nobody in The Hague can bypass the PVV anymore , " he said on Thursday , AFP news agency reported .
" We want to be part of the new government . "
The Netherlands is the first country in the eurozone to vote since a crisis erupted earlier this year over the single European currency , amid concerns about debt in Greece and other southern states .
The Dutch economy was contracting for a year before the country emerged from recession in the third quarter of 2009 .
Mr Rutte has advocated steep budget cuts , a pared - down government and a reduction in benefits for immigrants .
" The Netherlands can emerge stronger from the crisis by taking measures now , " he said after the vote .
The VVD , which had 21 seats in the outgoing parliament , had topped opinion polls for several weeks .
Labour lost two seats compared with the previous elections in 2006 .
Balkenende quits
Final results will not be declared until 15 June , when all overseas votes have been counted .
Image caption Mark Rutte 's Liberals edged out Labour by one seat
Without an outright majority in the 150 - seat parliament , the VVD and Labour will now have to try to forge a coalition with at least two other parties , the BBC's Geraldine Coughlan reports from The Hague .
Mr Rutte has reportedly said he would not exclude any party from a possible coalition .
During the campaign , he said he would have a coalition in place by 1 July if his party won - though analysts questioned whether this would be possible given the closeness of the result .
After the Christian Democrats plummeted to a historic low , outgoing leader Jan Peter Balkenende resigned his position as party leader and said he was quitting politics - though he also said he would stay on as caretaker prime minister until a new coalition was formed .
The party won 21 seats , 20 fewer than at the last election in 2006 .
Mr Balkenende described his party 's crushing election defeat as " disappointing " .
" The outcome is clear .
I 've told the president of our party that I will be resigning as party leader and that I wo n't be serving as a member of parliament , " he said .
The election - the fourth since 2002 - was called after the centrist coalition government , between the Christian Democrats and the Labour Party , collapsed in February .
The government fell when Labour withdrew from the coalition after refusing to extend the Dutch contribution to the Nato force , as outgoing PM Balkenende wanted .
Dutch troops are therefore expected to leave Afghanistan by August .
Paper Clip - Sized Implant Could Reduce Hospitalizations , Change Cardiac Medicine , Study Says
Tiny implant could save thousands of lives and billions of dollars .
May 31 , 2010  --
Heart failure is the fastest - growing cause of hospitalization in the United States , but a tiny , high - tech implant may change the way doctors treat the problem and offer huge potential to save lives and money .
The device is no bigger than a paper clip , but it could have an enormous impact for the 1.1 million Americans hospitalized each year with heart failure .
Those hospital trips add up to a bill of more than $ 18 billion annually , according to the American Heart Association .
A study released today by researchers at The Ohio State University found that patients who receive the implant experienced 38 percent fewer hospitalizations in the first year , a huge number in the medical world .
" I think it 's a grand slam , " said Dr. William Abraham , one of the study 's principal researchers .
" It has been a decade since we have seen a trial this positive in terms of heart failure . "
Called the EndoSure Wireless AAA Pressure Management System , the device is a tiny sensor , implanted through a catheter into the heart 's pulmonary artery , a procedure that takes just seven minutes .
Once a day , the patient passes a wand over his or her chest , which remotely collects real - time data on heart pressure from the sensor and sends it to a secure Web site , where doctors can review it on a computer or even a handheld device .
The implant , made by the company CardioMEMS , does n't even require a battery -- it is powered by the radiofrequency wand .
The device is still in clinical trials and is awaiting FDA approval , though CardioMEMS invites patients to contact them for further information or for help finding a physician on their Web site , www.cardiomems.com.
New Device May Lower Heart Failure Risk
High levels of pulmonary artery pressure can be dangerous , but with the implanted chip , doctors get the information right away and can modify medications quickly , often before there is any need for hospitalization .
Up until now , a simple scale was one of the only weapons used to monitor patients ' hearts .
A poorly - working heart does n't pump enough blood , leading to fluid build - up and subsequent weight gain .
Though daily weigh - ins had been the gold standard for monitoring patients , it turns out that the scale is not a precise tool .
" We now know that daily weight change is very insensitive to predicting episodes of worsening heart failure , " said Abraham .
They 're now hopeful that a tiny , paper clip - sized implant can do far more , feeding doctors information with the power to save lives .
The School of Electronic Engineering and Computer Science at Queen Mary University in London just received a grant to implement a new RDF based web service and a SPARQL endpoint for this web service .
The grant will be administered by Queen Mary University and will mean that one developer will be paid for one year to work on this project .
This developer will be part of the MusicBrainz development team and will take part in our usual activities , meetings and code review process .
While we have an RDF based web service already , its worth noting that this has been stale for many years and has not been developed in favor of our XML web service .
The XML web service has seen an amazing adoption and it would seem that having another web service would be superfluous .
They key here is that the Linked Data world ( formerly the semantic web ) predominantly uses RDF as its preferred means of linking data .
In order for MusicBrainz to continue to be well linked to the Linked Data world , it is important for us to continue to support an RDF web service .
This grant very cleanly supports this goal and it also shows that the academic world thinks that MusicBrainz is of value and that it should be supported .
Congratulations to the Queen Mary University team that worked on this application !
For nearly all of the gory details ( the detailed budget figures have been stripped from the application for privacy sake ) please see the PDF grant application .
I will be working with the hired developer to write up a detailed wiki page that will explain this project in much more detail .
In the meantime if you have any questions , please read the grant application .
Congratulations to the whole team at Queen Mary University London !
By denigrating several of the signal achievements of modern American society , including the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Fair Housing Act , Rand Paul has performed a useful service for voters who are angry at their elected officials .
He has helped to illuminate the limits and the hazards of antigovernment sentiment .
Many Americans are sputtering mad , believing that government has let them down in abetting a ruinous recession , bailing out bankers and spending wildly .
But is Rand Paul really the remedy they had in mind ?
His views and those of other Tea Party candidates are unintentional reminders of the importance of enlightened government .
In a handful of remarkably candid interviews since winning Kentucky ’s Republican Senate primary this week , Mr. Paul made it clear that he does not understand the nature of racial progress in this country .
As a longtime libertarian , he espouses the view that personal freedom should supersede all government intervention .
Neighborhood associations should be allowed to discriminate on the basis of race , he has written , and private businesses ought to be able to refuse service to anyone they wish .
Under this philosophy , the punishment for a lunch counter that refuses to seat black customers would be public shunning , not a court order .
What a guy ...
John Boehner , man of the little people .
I guess Republicans only like bailouts when they 're for multi-billion dollar foreign oil companies .
After realizing he stepped in it , it John Boehner is now walking back his comment that the taxpayers should help bailout BP .
Boehner : Government -- i.e. Taxpayers -- Should Help Pay For Oil Spill :
Congressional Democrats and the White House are toying with different ways to force BP to cover the costs of damages from the Gulf oil spill .
But they face stiff opposition from industry ... and it seems leading Republicans .
In response to a question from TPMDC , House Minority Leader John Boehner said he believes taxpayers should help pick up the tab for the clean up .
" I think the people responsible in the oil spill -- BP and the federal government -- should take full responsibility for what 's happening there , " Boehner said at his weekly press conference this morning .
Boehner 's statement followed comments last Friday by US Chamber of Commerce CEO Tom Donohue who said he opposes efforts to stick BP , a member of the Chamber , with the bill .
" It is generally not the practice of this country to change the laws after the game , " he said .
" Everybody is going to contribute to this clean up .
We are all going to have to do it .
We are going to have to get the money from the government and from the companies and we will figure out a way to do that . "
And then the backtrack .
Boehner spox :
No taxpayer money on Gulf spill cleanup or damages :
House GOP leader John Boehner does not believe any taxpayer money should be spent on the cleanup of the Gulf spill or on any damages caused by it , his spokesman confirms to me .
" No taxpayer money for cleanup or damages -- period .
BP pays , " Boehner spokesman Michael Steel emails .
... Boehner 's office subsequently clarified , saying he 'd misheard the question .
His aides pointed to this previous Boehner quote : " Not a dime of taxpayer money should be used to clean up their mess . "
And Boehner has also said we must " hold BP accountable for the clean up costs . "
Those quotes are pretty clear .
But the problem is that the Chamber 's position is that while BP is on the hook for the cleanup , its liability for damages should be limited , meaning inevitably that taxpayers should bear some of that liability .
... Perhaps , but the distinction between cleanup and damages is clearly important to the Chamber and to BP .
Boehner 's office , however , insists that his position on this has been clear throughout .
Either way , asked for more clarification , Boehner spokesman Steel says that when Boehner said no taxpayer money should be spent on the cleanup , that does also include damages .
" No taxpayer money for cleanup or damages -- period , " Steel emailed .
" BP pays .
If the current law does n't guarantee that , we are happy to work in a bipartisan way on reasonable new legislation . "
Who wants to take a bet Boehner and the Republicans still wo n't vote for lifting the cap on damages ?
Olbermann reports BP is also desperate to protect their stock prices .
As he noted it 's too bad they 're not attacking stopping the oil destroying the Gulf with the same amount of concern .
BP offers dividend olive branch to U.S. :
The war against internet piracy has stepped up a notch .
The launch of “ Operation in Our Sites , ” a new U.S. initiative aimed at internet counterfeiting and piracy , was announced on Wednesday .
But what makes this initiative different is that it partners law - enforcement officials with representatives of the entertainment industry .
It also tangible evidence of the Obama administration 's promises to crack down on piracy .
Hollywood will provide technological advice and support , as well as helping identify the websites that provide illegal downloads .
" American business is under attack from counterfeiters and pirates , " Immigration and Customs ’ Assistant Secretary John Morton said at the press conference .
" Internet crooks threaten the U.S. economy on a grand scale . "
To prove the point , the announcement was made at the Disney Studios in Burbank , where Morton was joined by senior representatives from major movie studios , such as Walt Disney Studios President Alan Bergman and Paramount Chief Operating Officer Frederick Huntsberry , entertainment unions and the Motion Picture Association of America .
The message stressed by all the press conferences participants was that piracy was rising and threatened the livelihoods of everyone from those in corporate boardrooms to below the line workers by depriving the U.S. economy of some $ 20.5 billion annually in lost output .
The initiative 's first action was to seize nine domain names of websites that were offering first - run movies , often within hours of their theatrical release .
Among the sites targetted by the inaugural investigation were TVShack.net , Movies - links.tv , Filespump.com , Now-movies.com , PlanetMoviez.com , PirateCity.org and zml.com , NinjaVideo.net , and NinjaThis.net .
Officials said Wednesday that those sites had attracted 6.7 million visitors in a single month .
Officials said that those sites are no longer operating and that visitors will now encounter a banner announcing that law enforcement agencies has shut down the sites because they were trafficking in illegal downloads ( as of 1:00 p.m. PST , however , some of these sites still appeared to be operational ) .
" I do n't think that these moves stopped internet piracy in a day , but this is going to be a sustained effort , " Morton said .
Law enforcement officials said that these investigations were targeted specifically at the people running bit torrent sites , but that indicated that in the future they may widen their gaze to include individuals who download films and television shows illegally .
While the nine sites shut down on Wednesday were all operating in the United States , Morton said that the agencies involved in the new initiative had jurisdiction in 44 countries .
" This battle wo n't be won in the United States .
We 'll have to wage it globally , " Morton said .
Seven of those sites were targeted by the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York .
In addition , agents from the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ’s Homeland Security Investigations seized assets associated with these sites from 15 bank , Paypal , investment and advertising accounts .
It also executed four residential search warrants in several states .
Officials would not say if any arrests had been made , but said that site operators could face jail time .
Working undercover , investigators downloaded various newly released movies from the websites and their affiliates .
Over the course of the investigation , agents observed links to more than 200 movies and more than 300 television programs on NinjaVideo .
Asked about the potential problems that might arise with partnering so heavily with industry , Morton said , " This is a great national industry .
When industry is victimized , they should be treated no differently than an individual who is victimized on the corner of Fourth and Main . "
The new initiative also represents a more comprehensive effort to prosecute downloaders or pirates , rather than the piecemeal approach to prosecution that already exists .
For instance , with regards to the seizures and closures announced Wednesday , the class of sites identified were all link sites .
The initiative makes good on a promise made by Vice President Joe Biden earlier this month .
On June 22 , Biden unveiled the White House 's strategic plan to increase intellectual - property enforcement .
“ Piracy is theft , ” he said at the time .
“ It is smash - and - grab , no different from smashing a window at Tiffany . ”
Members of the Hollywood community , naturally , applauded the new effort in statements on Wednesday .
“ Content theft online has become increasingly ubiquitous as technology and software improve and access to the Internet increases , ” said Mike Robinson , chief of operations , content protection for the MPAA .
“ We are committed to working with law enforcement to get the illegal choices out of the marketplace and instead focus on continuing to offer more innovative and flexible legal options to consumers to enjoy the movies and TV shows that we all love . ”
“ We are facing a dramatic rise in the number of foreign and domestic websites that are in the business of making films and television shows — created by our members — available for illegal download or streaming , ” said Kathy Garmezy , associate executive director of government and international affairs for the Directors Guild of America .
“ If left unchecked , this illegal activity threatens the very ability of filmmakers to both earn a living and create the content that is enjoyed by billions around the world . ”
“ We commend the action of ICE and the IPR Center in striking a significant blow against those who seek to profit from the copyrighted , intellectual property of others , ” said Matthew D. Loeb , president of the International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees .
“ The stealing of digital content is not a victimless crime ; it ’s also the theft of tens of thousands of American jobs . ”
After the jump , check out our other favorite reader photos that illustrate the fact that two cats are better than one !
Take submitter Ernie 's photo , above , as an example .
Ernie 's two cats , a brother - and - sister pair ( the orange tabby is the female , the darker tabby is the male ) , are about a year old , but their harmonious relationship seems destined to last their entire lifetimes .
We could n't help noticing that a large volume of these photos featured two cats -- sometimes siblings , sometimes parent and kitten , sometimes simply unrelated friends -- who just can't get enough of each other 's company .
Hundreds of photos submitted to The Times ' photo - sharing site , Your Scene , by readers have only strengthened our deep and abiding love of animal friendship .
Something about the magic that happens when animals befriend other animals makes us wonder , time and again , why humans can't always follow their lead .
Submitter cqbud's cat and kitten spoon so sweetly that it makes our hearts hurt a little bit .
Submitter carlos ' cats Chachita and Benito engage in a sweet cleaning ritual while snuggling .
Muffin and Tiger enjoy nap time with their plush cow .
Submitter Ming 's relaxed cats even helped another reader relax .
" I 'm actually in a better mood after looking at this picture , " J commented .
" Adorable . "
We could n't agree more , J !
Submitter arkay says these two cats , a brother - and - sister pair , are " excellent friends . "
It certainly looks that way !
Submitter Piscean Amber suspects these two feline friends are dreaming of catnip .
We can't quite be sure where one of submitter steve g's cats leaves off and the other begins .
Submitter sosunny 's cats Cricket and Daisy take time out for a hug .
Submitter jeanie antolini's feline friends look like they were just caught committing an embarrassing act .
No need to be embarrassed about your love , kitties !
Is this a two - headed cat ?
No , just submitter John Thomas Ellis ' sweetly sleeping felines .
Submitter nanb calls these two cats her " best friends and babies . "
We 'd be inclined to feel that way , too , if we shared our home with such a cute pair .
Submitter three73 says Lelu , the gray tabby , cleans her pal Corben every day .
Fortunately , Corben does n't seem to mind .
Cats Rodney and Pouferina look like they were cut from the same cloth -- er , piece of fur .
Submitter Big D channels the Beatles when describing this sweet scene : " All you need is love . "
Amen , Big D !
" Everyone loves this box , " submitter Frances explains of her photo .
These two cats -- at least , we think there are only two in there -- certainly do seem to be enjoying themselves !
" Our new sofa , draped with a temporary blue sheet , is where Ms. Koja and brother Sammy take a bundled up snooze , " explains submitter moondawgie .
Submitter HEV 's kitties look like they 've just settled their brains for a long winter 's nap .
Submitter Seth 's cats certainly look comfortable .
Submitter Dan's cats Ozzy and Ziggy look like they 've claimed the couch to watch a sporting event -- or maybe a classic movie on cable -- together .
Submitter LKBrause 's cats Stanley and Maggie look like they may have chosen an uncomfortable sleeping position -- but then again , cats seem to actually enjoy uncomfortable - looking sleeping positions .
Submitter Bert 's cats can always get jobs as bookends if this whole house cat gig falls through .
Submitter Jules ' cats Phoebe and Pippin cozy up together on a nice , comfortable couch .
Ah , what we would n't give for a nice , comfortable couch instead of a desk chair right about now .
Submitter Erin's cats Sugar and Oliver almost form a perfect heart .
It 's okay ; cute is good for you !
Even though cuteness is good for us , submitter Mimi 's gray tabbies are almost too much for our hearts to take .
Wake up , kitties !
Submitter Jay 's cats do n't just nap as one -- their eyes are also drawn , as if magnetically , to the exact same mysterious spot !
Submitter Cissy 's cats like to play and sleep together , she says .
A warehouse at submitter Sanzui 's workplace tends to accumulate stray cats , which are cared for by employees .
These two are pictured shortly before they were both adopted and moved to a new home together .
" So sad to let them go , " Sanzui says .
We can see why !
Submitter john's brother - and - sister duo are a toothache - inducing sight to behold .
Submitter BIGBADZERO 's tabbies know the importance of a good bear -- er , cat -- hug .
Submitter JM 's cats Hazel and Hopper share not just a bed , but also their vivid markings !
Submitter Manon 's cats just can't get enough of each other .
See more photos of animal friendship at Your Scene 's Four - Legged Friends album , or better yet , share your own !
Submitting is easy ; just click the " submit " link at the top of the page , pick your photo ( .jpg format ) and include a caption that tells us a little about your subject matter .
RELATED PHOTO ESSAYS :
Reader photos : Busted !
Pets behaving badly ( and caught on camera )
Your morning adorable : Dogs sleep in the strangest places
-- Lindsay Barnett
From Liz Alderman in the New York Times : In Ireland , a Picture of the High Cost of Austerity
As Europe ’s major economies focus on belt - tightening , they are following the path of Ireland .
But the once thriving nation is struggling , with no sign of a rapid turnaround in sight .
...
Rather than being rewarded for its actions , though , Ireland is being penalized .
...
Lacking stimulus money , the Irish economy shrank 7.1 percent last year and remains in recession .
Joblessness in this country of 4.5 million is above 13 percent , and the ranks of the long - term unemployed — those out of work for a year or more — have more than doubled , to 5.3 percent .
...
The budget went from surpluses in 2006 and 2007 to a staggering deficit of 14.3 percent of gross domestic product last year — worse than Greece .
It continues to deteriorate .
[ T ]he government is pinning nearly all its hopes on an export revival to lift the economy .
Falling wage and energy costs , and a weaker euro , have improved competitiveness .
As the Irish government cut the budget , the economy contracted faster and the deficit as a percent of GDP increased .
And how will they break the downward cycle ?
Export to England and America ... This approach works for one country - or a few - but not if every country is doing it .
EXCLUSIVE : Maybe The Life & Times Of Tim should be renamed The Many Lives of Tim .
The underrated animated series by Steve Dildarian has been quietly cancelled by HBO after two seasons .
But there is a chance that the show would continue somewhere else .
I hear producing company MRC has taken the project to Comedy Central , Adult Swim and TBS and there is interest from more than one place .
A deal would be complex as it would include the existing 20 episodes as well as a potential new season of the show , about a guy who finds himself in increasingly awkward situations at work and at home .
Tim started off as a 2007 pilot at Fox produced by Warner Bros. TV and studio - based Good Humor TV .
After
Fox passed on the pilot , it was taken to Comedy Central , which was interested but WBTV could n’t close a deal there and eventually released the project .
MRC then came in and set Tim up at HBO with a 10 - episode order with Dildarian and Good Humor on board .
The second season of Tim ran in a block with another MRC - produced animated comedy series , freshman The Ricky Gervais Show , which has been renewed by HBO .
[ digg-reddit-me ]
Introduction & Summary
AT&T and other internet service providers started out wanting to undermine one of the foundational principles of the internet ( and a direct cause of it ’s great economic growth ) so that AT&T and the rest could pad their profit margin .
To do this , they funded think tanks to come up with talking points and propaganda , they created political “ grassroots ” opposition , and financed candidates who would oppose net neutrality ( who happened to be Republican ) .
In buying off opinion leaders to oppose net neutrality , they ended up needing to get into bed with right - wing christianists who want to censor the internet , thus trading away yet another basic aspect of what has made the internet successful .
How successful has this campaign been ?
A few weeks ago , I came across a few pieces linking to a letter sent by conservative “ luminaries ” Grover Norquist , Phyllis Schlafly , and a number of others .
This letter prompted Andrew Breitbart ’s Big Government and Neil Stevens of RedState to announce that the right wing was finally coming together nearly unanimously against net neutrality .
As Big Government describes it :
[ T ]he Right , as a virtually unified whole , has turned a page in the debate over a dynamic Internet , and now is staunchly and almost uniformly opposed to what some critics call “ a government takeover of the Internet . ”
Non-Controversial and Bi-Partisan
It was n’t long ago that net neutrality was a non-controversial position with bipartisan advocates and the only opposition coming from the entrenched interests of AT&T and other broadband providers .
The reason for the consensus was obvious :
The success story of the internet in creating a libertarian near - utopia was the product of government engineers and forceful regulators — and net neutrality was one of the core principles built into the internet that allowed its remarkable , decentralized success and its wide - open field of competition .
It was net neutrality that allowed Yahoo ! to come from nowhere and become a success ; and Google ; and Flickr ; and Facebook ; and virtually every other web success .
Net neutrality meant that Google could compete head - to - head with Yahoo ! — and that the only thing that mattered was the quality of its product instead of the degree it could pay off internet service providers to speed up its connection .
It was government action to mandate an early form network neutrality that allowed the internet itself to be created and it was government engineers who designed these initial networks to be content - neutral .
Beginning in the late 1960s , regulatory agencies forced AT&T to become a more neutral network ( to allow non -AT&T products to connect to its phone lines , to allow other firms to lease its phone lines ) .
Until that point , AT&T had been blocking “ the emergence of competing data - communications companies ” that eventually played a role in the creation of the internet .
AT&T and the “ Fairness Doctrine for the Internet ”
However , given AT&T ’s history , this bipartisan consensus seemed unlikely to last .
The right wing ’s movement turn against net neutrality can be counted as evidence of the corruption of our political process .
And it ’s not the first time .
As I documented previously , AT&T has always sought favorable regulations to allow it to take advantage of its customers — and it has a history of funding astroturf organizations and buying off “ influential people ” in political movements in order to push its agenda .
Former top AT&T executive Dick Martin confirmed that Grover Norquist was one of those individuals AT&T went to in the 1980s .
It was n’t until 2008 that the opposition to net neutrality began to be generated — as John McCain and other Republicans reversed their positions as they received large inflows of money from various broadband companies opposing net neutrality .
The meme began to circulate on the right wing that net neutrality was a version of the Fairness Doctrine of the 1960s which mandated radio programs give time to opposing views when they spoke on controversial subjects .
This description of net neutrality made no sense — except — as I wrote at the time as a “ propaganda campaign … directed [ not ] to the public at large , but at conservative activists .
The Fairness Doctrine is not something that gets the blood of the average American boiling .
But it does evoke a Pavlovian response among conservative activists and right - wing radio listeners . ”
As I had written earlier :
By equating the Fairness Doctrine with net neutrality , [ they are ] attempting to polarize the public away from a consensus in favor of net neutrality into two competing camps .
The Right ’s Mistake
This most recent letter from Norquist , Schlafly , and other conservatives is interesting though — more than just as a representation of the epistemic closure of the right as it deludes itself into thinking net neutrality is a “ government takeover of the internet ” and a “ Fairness Doctrine for the Internet ” because believing and supporting each of these things means more money for right - wing causes .
What ’s most interesting to me is the political mistake they made — quite possibly the price they paid to get so many christianist activists to sign off on it — and the only flaw I have noticed in this multi- year lobbying campaign .
They came out in favor of censorship of the internet :
Net neutrality regulations also call into question how obscenity and other objectionable content on the Internet is treated .
Let ’s be clear , all content is not equal and does not deserve equal treatment , but net neutrality prohibits broadband service providers from prioritizing the content consumers want and preventing peddlers of child pornography from having unblocked access to every home Internet connection .
It is critically important for parents and families to continue to have access to the tools necessary to keep unwanted content out of the home .
All rather uninteresting pablum that does n’t sound objectionable to the average reader .
However , it suggests a weakness in the anti-net neutrality coalition — as these more christianist members will undoubtedly begin to paint this as a matter of protecting our children through censorship .
“ All content is not equal , ” they say .
“ We need the internet to protect family values . ”
Net neutrality is n’t just what makes the internet a hotbed of entrepreneurial activity ; net neutrality is the opposite of censorship — it not only protects my right to blog and be heard on controversial issues , but that good old American past - time of porn - watching .
It ’s opponents want to block access to the parts of the internet that conflict with their family ’s values .
As I had some trouble finding the full letter , I ’m enclosing it below ( with my source as RedState and the Institute on Religion and Public Policy [ pdf ] ) :
April 15 , 2010 Dear Member of Congress ,
We are writing to alert you of a dangerous effort currently underway at the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) .
Unelected bureaucrats are seeking to fundamentally alter the federal government ’s role in regulating the Internet by imposing so - called “ net neutrality ” mandates .
Democratic and Republican administrations alike have agreed that a “ light touch ” approach to the Internet creates competition , lowers prices , incentivizes innovation , and ultimately benefits consumers .
The current proposal under consideration is a harmful departure from long held successful policies .
The FCC ’s attempt to regulate the Internet is unwise and must be opposed .
The Internet is prime example of what can be achieved when companies are free to compete without the intervention of the heavy - hand of government .
America ’s broadband service providers have invested billions of dollars in improving their networks and consumers are winning .
The Internet is faster than it ’s ever been , we have access to high - definition video online , and new premium online services are made available daily .
The great success of the Internet has been made possible because the government has stayed out .
There is no evidence of a market failure to justify the burdensome government regulations some are proposing .
Unfortunately , it appears that a few FCC commissioners lack an understanding of how regulations affect investment .
Net neutrality regulations also call into question how obscenity and other objectionable content on the Internet is treated .
Let ’s be clear , all content is not equal and does not deserve equal treatment , but net neutrality prohibits broadband service providers from prioritizing the content consumers want and preventing peddlers of child pornography from having unblocked access to every home Internet connection .
It is critically important for parents and families to continue to have access to the tools necessary to keep unwanted content out of the home .
We ask that you support innovation , competition , and consumers and oppose this effort to regulate the Internet .
Sincerely ,
Phyllis Schlafly
President and Founder
Eagle Forum Penny Nance
CEO
Concerned Women of America Grover Norquist
President
Americans for Tax Reform
Tom McClusky
Sr. Vice President
Family Research Council Action Tim Phillips
President
Americans for Prosperity Steve Pociask
President
American Consumer Institute C. Preston Noell III
President
Tradition , Family , Property , Inc. Andresen Blom
Executive Director
American Principles in Action Bill Wilson
President
Americans for Limited Government Lisa Correnti
President and Founder
OneNationUnderGod.org Kelly William Cobb
Executive Director
Digital Liberty Project Timothy Lee
Vice - President of Legal and Public Affairs
Center for Individual Freedom Steve Elliott
Founder
Grassfire Nation Mathew Staver
Founder and Chairman
Liberty Counsel Chuck Muth
President
Citizen Outreach Mario Lopez
President
Hispanic Leadership Fund Joseph K. Grieboski
Founder and President
Institute on Religion and Public Policy Deal Hudson
President
Catholic Advocate Phil Kerpen
Director
NoInternetTakeover.com
Andrea Lafferty
Executive Director
Traditional Values Coalition Timothy B. Wildmon
President
American Family Association Curt Levey
Executive Director
Committee for Justice Rev. Rob Schenck
President
National Clergy Council Phillip L. Jauregui
President
Judicial Action Group Jamie Story
President
Grassroot Institute of Hawaii Dave Trabert
President
Kansas Policy Institute Larry Cirignano
President
Faith & Freedom New Jersey John Taylor
President
Tertium Quids Hance Haney
Director and Senior Fellow
Technology & Democracy Project
Discovery Institute Dr. Carl Herbster
President
AdvanceUSA
[ Image by the|G|™ licensed under Creative Commons . ]
Like Loading ...
Following accusations of sexual assault and his NFL suspension , contrite quarterback Ben Roethlisberger has vowed to mend his ways .
Here 's how :
Advertisement
It is remarkable that a fist - gnawingly dire England performance still has the power to shock , when in some ways this one had all the exquisite unpredictability of Norman Wisdom approaching a banana skin in the immediate vicinity of a swimming pool .
To draw one eminently winnable group match is unfortunate , to draw two begins to look as if England are six kinds of crap , if Lady Bracknell will forgive the paraphrase .
Clearly today was one of the best days for English football in recent years – before the game kicked off .
Not only did Germany lose , but they only went and missed a bleeding penalty , while the USA were unfortunate to draw 2 - 2 with Plucky Slovenia , or however we are currently patronising a side that on the evidence of their next opponents ' performance today could hand England 's backsides to them without breaking sweat .
England could barely have been more fortunate with the build - up .
No one really expected Fabio Capello 's side to have learned how to pass or anything since last Saturday but they seemed to have mastered the art of remote delegation , somehow contriving to ensure that several obliging nations ( and the odd referee ) helped them out of the hole they were in , though possibly not out of a German - shaped one threatening to engulf them further down the road .
Then again , maybe it wo n't engulf them , if Algeria draw with the USA as Venus is rising and the Moon moves into talking out of Uranus .
To be candid , the possible permutations of where we go from here are as clear as mud , which is the only possible way England could feel even dimly optimistic about their chances .
They managed a comically unwatchable draw against a side who have been dismissed as the worst in the World Cup .
If this was an attempt to restore hope to a nation , it could scarcely have been less effective had a blubbing Steven Gerrard turned to the camera four minutes in and mouthed " I want my mum " .
Fabio Capello is fast cementing his reputation as the Betamax Eriksson ( at least the latter assisted England to quarter - finals ) and at the current rate of decline he will go into England 's final group match one brolly short of a Steve McClaren .
Before this game Wayne Rooney – remember him ?
– said it was all about the win and that he was n't bothered about football that was beautiful .
Ideally , though , it would be nice if an England performance was not something you could look at only via its reflection in a shield , for fear of being turned to stone .
That simply does n't look like happening within the foreseeable future , let alone this World Cup .
There is a scene in The Office when Gareth is on the phone to the manufacturers of his calculator .
" I 've just got a complaint from a very important client , " he tells them , " saying that the figures I gave him were wrong , and … yeah , well , basically I 've checked all other possibilities and it's come down to the calculator . "
It is impossible to escape the feeling that at some point not far away – perhaps even tomorrow – Capello will pick up the phone to Umbro and say : " I 've just lost a reasonably important game of football , and basically I 've checked all other possibilities and it's come down to the shirt . "
He would have a point .
One can only observe , yet again , how perfectly good , even excellent players seem automatically to malfunction the minute they don the accursed garment .
The England shirt is the precise opposite of a superhero costume , turning men with extraordinary abilities into mild - mannered guys next door .
Were Stephen
Fry to pull it on , he would struggle to string a sentence together .
Were Lucian Freud to slip it over his head he would turn his easel round to reveal a childlike scribble of a cat .
Psychological meltdown is now part of the warp and weft of its wretched fibres and it will clearly take someone other than Capello to fix it .
Whatever Rooney whinged , there can be no complaints about the crowd .
Cape Town 's stunning Green Point Stadium was packed with England - supporting fans , draped in their flags and resonating with the sound of their Sun- branded vuvuzelas .
Incidentally , in light of the criminal charges brought against the two Dutch women for " ambush marketing " at Soccer City this week , the Sun 's decision to force hundreds of promotional vuvuzelas on matchgoers seems a clear attempt to brand up some cause célèbre of their own .
Traditionally , of course , the paper has achieved this by providing plastic St George 's Cross tommy helmets to people who later wear them whilst hurling cafeteria furniture across European piazzas – but it's a different sort of travelling fan here , so one can only salute the change of tack .
And at least the court cases will give England fans a continuing interest in South Africa 2010 .
Speaking before the start of the G8/20 meeting , David Cameron said he wanted to focus on a small number of key priorities ( Report , 25 June ) .
He could make a good start on what should be a top priority – the latest damage being done to the world by the oil industry .
Industrialised countries spend billions every year to support gas , coal and oil companies .
The Gulf of Mexico spill shows the devastation these industries cause , but firms like BP are also ruining huge areas of wildlife habitats in Canada , right under the noses of Obama and Cameron .
Every barrel of oil extracted from the Alberta tar sands creates four barrels of polluted water and creates as much as five times the greenhouse gasses of a barrel of conventional oil .
Huge areas of boreal forest wilderness have been transformed into enormous open - cast mines and toxic ponds large enough to be seen from space .
Please , Mr Cameron , President Obama , stop subsidising this pursuit of the last few drops of oil .
The clean technologies to replace oil already exist .
You can make it happen .
Ben Ayliffe
Greenpeace UK
• Yes , it 's right that certain development aid budgets are maintained ( Letters , 24 June ) .
But in most debates the overriding issue of population is ignored .
Medical and other advances ( death control ) since 1950 have greatly increased life expectancies in the developing world , while the acceptability of birth control lags well behind .
Egypt 's population has gone from 22 million in 1950 to 80 million now and is projected to be 120 million by 2050 ; Sudan 's is projected to almost double to 70 million ; Ethiopia 's to more than double from 83 million to 183 million ; and Uganda 's to treble from 32 million to over 100 million .
All these nations are dependent on the waters of the White and Blue Niles .
But it is difficult for " the west " to call for family planning without attracting accusations of neocolonialism .
So unless population is addressed properly by the countries themselves ; and unless we can be sure that no such aid ends up as motorways to nowhere , presidential palaces , or enables other funds to be used for such purposes ( eg in Malawi this year ) ; or is siphoned off into Swiss bank accounts ; or is used to prop up Orwellian nightmares such as Burma and North Korea ; or to benefit countries such as India and China which have their own space and nuclear weapons programmes ; or , just as importantly , is more than offset by terms of trade which give greater benefits to the donor countries ( eg Spanish fishing fleets ruining West African fishermen 's livelihoods ) – we might recall the conclusion of the development expert Professor Peter Bauer over 40 years ago that aid was " an excellent method of transferring money from poor people in rich countries to rich people in poor countries " .
John Birkett
St Andrews , Fife
When a U.S. civilian is murdered in a foreign land or in the United States , we rightfully feel angry , sad , and some of us demand vengeance .
These are normal , primordial , and instinctive feelings of group loyalty and herd mentality that have bound communities and countries for thousands of years .
Should such human traits , which are often beneficial , emotional and irrational , continue to justify the retaliatory killing of innocent civilians in the 21st century ?
After the tragic murder of nearly 3,000 U.S. citizens on 9/11 , the United States toppled the Taliban in Afghanistan and killed and captured hundreds of al - Qaeda leaders and members .
However , Afghanistan lost as many as 32,000 citizens since the U.S. invasion in 2001 .
The U.S. military involvement in Afghanistan was followed immediately by a plan to invade Iraq and topple Iraqi President Saddam Hussein .
The invasion went ahead despite the inconclusive evidence that Iraq posed any immediate threat to the United States or was involved in 9/11 .
In the years and months following the invasion , evidence that Iraq did not possess weapons of mass destruction and was not involved in the 9/11 attacks has become distressingly clear .
Iraq by all accounts has suffered a few hundred thousand deaths , a million wounded , and the destruction of its infrastructure for economics , health , and education .
The U.S. engagement in Afghanistan and Iraq continues on a massive scale .
We still have nearly 200,000 troops and contractors in the two countries .
The argument is that our enemy is still plotting to kill us here in the United States and elsewhere .
The plan seems to be to keep retaliating and punishing the plotters in both countries to force them to submit to our will .
In the process , whether it is admitted or not , we have killed and injured tens of thousands of civilians not involved in trying to kill us .
More recently , the United States is trying to lessen the number of civilians killed or injured .
How do Afghan and Iraqi civilians view the injuries or deaths of tens of thousands of their countrymen and women ?
How do they view the continued killing and wounding of hundreds or thousands of non-combatants ?
How would we view this number deaths and injuries among our own population ?
As citizens of the United States , we face the moral obligation to not only understand the tragedy of the loss of civilians , as U.S. President Barak Obama declares , but to reduce to a minimum or eliminate civilian deaths , if at all possible .
Every innocent civilian killed or wounded in Afghanistan and in Iraq has a mother , father , sister , or brother , and in these close - knit tribal communities many more who are considered very close relatives .
The families and friends of those harmed in these conflicts could carry with them the need for vengeance for decades to come .
More recently , we have entered a covert and overt war against the Taliban in Pakistan .
In Pakistan , a country in which the United States is not officially at war , U.S. actions and offensives have killed and wounded a large number of Pakistani civilians .
The high civilian death toll is in part a consequence of the Taliban living and hiding with the people of Pakistan in dense urban centers .
The killing and wounding of innocent Pakistanis is also troubling because Pakistan is a large country with nuclear weapons .
The killing of innocent Pakistanis will result in increased hatred and cries for revenge that is becoming a part of Pakistan cultural norms .
This situation could destabilize the country and put the safety of the nuclear arsenal at risk .
The United States needs to face the moral paradox that stems from the lack of regard for Afghan and Iraqi lives in comparison with the value placed on the lives and safety of those living in the United States .
As U.S. citizens , we value the lives of our fellow countrymen manyfold over the lives of other citizens .
How else could we allow our government to continue this policy of killing and wounding our opponents in such disproportion to the number of casualties of U.S. troops and contractors for nearly nine years after 9/11 .
I know that there will be loud protest of this view .
However , we need to remember that the 1948 UN Universal Declaration of Human Rights emphasizes the equal worth of all human beings across the globe .
The U.S. military has achieved a killing machine that is less encumbered by popular views of war than at other times in our history .
The military has mechanized and contracted out the war machinery in order to minimize the impact on U.S. citizens .
The mechanization of the war can be potentially beneficial to individuals , but also very dangerous to our democracy .
This mechanization of war has also resulted in treating other nations ’ citizens as less than equal to citizens of the United States .
U.S. military actions kill innocent civilians in a repeated and almost routine manner .
However , modern communications are informing people around the world that U.S. policies value other citizens less than its own .
The human instinct of herd mentality can’t serve as justification for the indiscriminate killing of civilians outside U.S. borders .
Reprinted with permission courtesy of Foreign Policy in Focus .
Polls
Politics homepage .
Blog homepage .
European Parliament .
The numbers on this page are not ( quite ) scientific .
If you ’re looking for officially quotable , pol - sci - validated numbers , go to the Peilingwijzer instead .
That said , my tables also include earlier poll results and coalition predictions .
Also , I personally believe the interface is nicer .
Finally , it ’s in English , and not in Dutch .
Pollster comparison .
Who ’s best ?
Here I study the Dutch polls .
My average
My weighted average of the polls is designed to flatten out trends , so that outliers are somewhat ignored , and only persistent trends accepted .
It reports a shift of seats relative to current parliament .
It reports new parties only if they have at least one seat in the last poll of every pollster .
This simple rule of thumb helps reduce tiny - party clutter wonderfully .
My average of the polls Party 2017 Senate Party
The effective number of parties is a measure for the fragmentation of a party system .
The highest effective number ever reached in actual elections was 8.1 in 2017 .
Current polls
Here ’s an overview of the latest poll by each pollster .
The table also indicates if a party or block / type gained or lost more than 1 seat in the latest poll .
The Bullish and Bearish columns show :
Parties : the parties that have more than % more or fewer seats in this poll than in my average , with a minimum difference of seats .
% more or fewer seats in this poll than in my average , with a minimum difference of seats .
Blocks and types : the blocks and types that have more than % more or fewer seats in this poll than in my average , with a minimum difference of seats .
The Weight value gives the relative weight of the poll in the calculation of the Now column above .
However , the Now column also uses older polls that fall before the second column ’s date , so the average is n’t dependent on these last polls alone .
Parties
See the party profiles for a description of most parties .
Below are the ones I never wrote a party profile for .
The OSF ( Onafhankelijke Senaatsfractie ; Independent Senate fraction ) is an amalgam of regional parties that will not enter the national elections .
The PvdT is a 50 Plus split - off headed by former party leader Henk Krol , into which the ex-FvD Group Otten merged .
The PP is the Dutch Pirate Party .
In 2012 hovered on the brink of becoming a serious party .
Nowadays it ’s led by a former model , and had some trouble which seem to have cost it its entry into parliament .
Coalitions
For an introduction to Dutch coalitions I advise you to read this article series that I wrote for the 2010 elections .
The details are slightly different today , but the broad overview is still valid .
Overview and general introduction .
The Left coalition .
The Right coalition .
The Centre - right coalition .
The Purple coalition .
The Centre - left coalition .
The coalition tables are automatically generated and may sometimes show weird coalitions .
Still , Dutch politics are in such a state of advanced chaos that even weird coalitions may come to look appealing .
Coalitions with at least a % likelihood according to Coalition Type Likeli hood Polls ch 2017 Senate
A five - or even a six - party coalition is not as remote as it might seem .
Not all parties have to send ministers to the cabinet — they can support government from parliament , like Wilders supported Rutte I ( VVD + CDA ) .
The left - wing equivalent would be a PvdA + D66 + GL government .
Such a minority government would have to come to agreements with other parties that promise to support it .
This combination of government parties and supporting parties is likely to be one of the coalitions mentioned here .
Also , while CDA and VVD are officially excluding Wilders , I ’m going to assume they may change their minds .
Therefore , PVV+CDA and PVV+VVD coalitions are now shown in the table , though at 50 % of their usual likelihood .
Source Coalition Type Likeli hood Polls ch 2017 Senate
I add the likelihood of all coalitions that a party participates in to get at its likelihood to be in government .
I do the same for all coalition types and sizes .
Coalition chances Coalition type Coalition size Prime minister
Calculation methods
How do I calculate my average and the coalitions .
( Warning : I have zero knowledge of statistics . )
Polls
I treat the polls as follows :
I established weighting factors for the pollsters based on past performance .
They are I also use a decay factor based on the poll ’s age .
This is an exponential decay function with N 0 of 1 , t in days , and λ of .
The polls are sorted according to the periods defined in the first table ( days ) .
For each period I take the polls of one pollster , multiply the individual party scores by the decay factor , and put them in a bucket by party .
I use the combined scores as votes in an election , which yields a average pollster score for this period .
Once I ’ve done so for all pollsters I multiply the average pollster scores by the pollster weight and the decay factor of the most recent poll and put them in a bucket .
I again use the combined scores as votes in an election , which now yields my final average .
Election : this is an election according to the normal rules .
In order to protect the small parties I use the system of highest remainders for rest seats , and I have no electoral threshold .
Coalitions
coalition relations : Preferred partners Possible partners Unlikely or unwilling partners Excluded parties
The most negative opinion prevails .
So if the SP indicates it can work with the VVD , but the VVD says it ca n’t work with the SP , their relation is Excluded .
The script creates all possible coalitions and then rejects the following ones :
Coalitions with PvdA , CDA , and VVD .
Coalitions with less than seats .
Coalitions of which a subset already has a majority of seats .
Coalitions with parties that have excluded each other .
( See sidebar for the current exclusion list . )
Coalitions with two or more parties that have fewer than seats .
Coalitions whose smallest party has fewer than seats , unless that party gives the coalition its majority in either parliament or senate .
The table shows the remaining coalitions .
Coalition likelihood
The likelihood of a coalition is calculated by the following formula that I tweaked by hand ( there are few theoretical underpinnings here ) .
I do n’t doubt I ’ll make frequent changes .
The formula is
1/SIZE * MAJORITY * SMALLEST * RELATION * SENATE * PVV
SIZE the number of parties in the coalition MAJORITY the majority of the coalition ( seats over 75 ) SMALLEST the size of the smallest party RELATION Each pair of parties has a relation from 0 ( excluded ) to 3 ( preferred ) .
The sidebar shows which parties have which relations .
The variable is the sum of the worst relations in the coalition .
( Coalitions in which any two parties have relation 0 are rejected automatically , so that value does n’t occur . )
SENATE
Is 1 if the coalition has a majority in the senate , if it does not .
PVV
Is when a coalition contains CDA + PVV or VVD + PVV .
Otherwise it is 1 .
Once the likelihood of all coalitions has been calculated , the results are treated as votes in an election for 100 seats .
This yields the percentages that are shown in the table .
Raw data
There are three pollsters in Dutch politics : Ipsos / Eén Vandaag , Peil.nl , and I &O Researxh .
Here ’s the raw JSON data ; below are some nice tables .
2016 - election 2017 data are here .
2011 -2015 data are here .
I started collecting these data in June 2011 .
I do not know of any comprehensive source for poll data before June 2011 .
Ipsos / Eén Vandaag
Ipsos used to publish its poll every two weeks on a Thursday , but switched to the last Tuesday of the month since becoming the pollster of choice of political TV programme Eén Vandaag .
This poll is also called the Politieke Barometer , but that brand seems to have been discontinued .
I trust Ipsos more than the other pollsters .
It has a better score than the others for the right block and the traditional catch - all parties .
Last Ipsos / Eén Vandaag polls Party 2017 Party
Peil.nl
Peil.nl publishes its poll every week on Sunday .
Peil.nl is always out for sensational headlines .
Protest parties SP and PVV usually poll better with Peil.nl than with the other two , and the same goes for the left block and for small parties .
Maurice de Hond , Peil.nl ’s owner and a well - known political commentator in his own right , uses an open Internet poll to which anyone can subscribe .
( I have . )
This methodology is criticised time and again by the other two pollsters and political scientists , but if we compare his last polls to the election results he does n’t do significantly worse than the other two .
Part of the problem is that he has the best press contacts of the three , and his polls always draw headlines .
Besides , if a TV programme needs a political pollster they always ask him .
This wo n’t make him very popular among his colleagues .
Last Peil.nl polls Party 2017 Party
I &O Research
I &O Research is a new pollster .
I do n’t yet know how well it performs , or even how often it will publish polls .
From what I ’ve seen so far their polls tend to over - estimate the left and be all over the place .
The ' Old Child ' In Faulkner and O'Connor by Conan Christopher O'Brien March 1 , 1985 INTRODUCTION
How do we relate to our myths ?
The question is asked by almost every culture at some point in its history , not to find out specifically where it has been as much as to locate itself in the present .
The legends and beliefs of our origin are compelling because they invite comparison .
They tempt us towards self - examination because -- at a distance -- they appear so starkly absolute and resolute : so resolved .
In a Utopian view of the past many anxious questions arise about the present .
Are we as good as our fore - fathers ?
Have we made progress ?
Have we fallen ?
The farther we move away from the past the more it commands our attention and forces us to re-negotiate our personal and cultural identity .
The American South has undergone such a period of self - examination in the early and mid-20th century known as the Southern Literary Renaissance .
During the Renaissance , historians , fiction writers , and sociologists began to search for a sense of regional character by sorting through the stories , ideals , legalisms and codes of the Southern experience .
The search invariably forced these intellectuals to decide which visions of the Old South to keep , which to abandon , and which to re-write .
The answers have varied widely but the essential question has remained the same :
How should the South 's notion of what it was determine its new identity ?
The purpose of this thesis is not to find the answer but to examine the power and prevalence of the question .
W.J. Cash argues that the South is a child , indulging itself with comfortable myths of innocence , while C. Van Woodward maintains the South is apre-maturely aged region , stripped of its childhood legends by a series of bitter , awakening defeats .
Although they disagree , both men associate the South 's old myths with the metaphor of childhood .
This image seems appropriate because children need to forge a sense of self and they rely heavily on myths for spiritual sustenance .
In their years of rapid growth children thirst for beliefs and ideals as a foundation for their newly - forming identity .
This association between childhood and myth can also be used to analyze Cash and Woodward themselves .
As intellectuals of the Southern Renaissance , they too are feeding a New South 's craving for self - definition with myths and revisions of myths from the Old South .
As writers from the first prolonged period of Southern self - criticism , they have the child 's impulse to organize , choose , and interpret past lengeds in order to construct a new identity .
This analogy holds not only for historians but for Southern fiction writers of the Renaissance as well .
According to Louis Rubin , these writers intensely re-examined their region 's character and were disturbed by what they found : " These new writers were , in short , modern Americans who were Southerners ; and because that identity posed complex problems of self - definition and was fraught with incongruity , discrepancies , oppositions and divisions , and loyalties and contradictions that were rooted in the circumstances of their time and place , their writings probed beneath the everyday surfaces to get at the universal human problems of definition . . . "
In their child - like forging of identity , these writers encounter traditions unique to the South which contrast with many ideals of the New South .
The most obvious of these problematic traditions is that of racism .
Most Southern Renaissance writers have had to question how the racial tension in the South 's history affects the New Southerner in his youthful state of self - definition .
According to Lilliam Smith , this racist tradition has marred the Southerner , but specifically it has damaged the children of the New South .
Smith argues that all Southern children are " stunted and warped " by racial conflict and that it " cruelly shapes and cripples " the personality of the child .
In her shocking image of a child " crippled " and distorted by this Southern tradition , Smith is really symbolizing the dilemma of many Southern Renaissance writers .
In their child - like state of forming a self , these writers are tortured by the contrasts between powerful Southern traditions and the need to abandon or re-write these traditions in the forging of a New Southern identity .
These Old South myths of honor , invulnerability , racism , innocence , and bravery can distort and " cripple " the writer during his formative stage of identity construction .
The distinct relevance of this warped child image to Southern intellectuals raises an important question :
Have other writers of the Literary Renaissance voiced their innate sense of discrepancy through this image of a warped child ?
I believe that they have .
I have found that several Southern Renaissance writers have articulated their regional sense of contradiction through what I have termed literary progeria .
Progeria is an often fatal disease that strikes children and ages them pre-maturely .
In the works of several Southern writers the child protagonist becomes " old " long before his time because he is tormented by the same anxiety over myth which troubles Cash and Woodward .
In an effort to construct an identity the child is drawn to past myths and builds the foundation of his character on archaic beliefs .
The result is that this child caries the vast experience of these myths as burden ; he or she becomes an " old child " who tries unsuccessfully to reconcile his elderly identity with the modern world .
I have found variations of the " old child " who tries unsucessfully ( sic ) to reconcile his elderly identity with the modern world .
I have found variations of the " old child " symbol in Katherine Anne Porter 's _ Pale Horse , Pale Rider _ as well as in Caron McCuller 's _ The Heart is a Lonely Hunter_ and _A Member of the Wedding_ , but these authors do not explore the symbol extensively enough to establish its characteristics and thematic significance .
Both William Faulkner and Flannery O'Connor do develop the " old child " symbol extensively , however , and although they differ in their specific fictional concerns it is clear that the image emanates from similar regional instinct .
Each author places the " old child " in the center of generational argument over the value of past myths and the child , unable to reconcile opposing views , represents experience and thus an anguished state of conflicting loyalties .
The extreme generational attitudes towards myth resemble the same extremes Cash and Woodward delineate in their argument over the South 's relation to the past .
The myth Faulkner 's children turn to is the myth of the Old South and his " old children " suffer from a spiritual progeria .
O'Connor adds a second layer of significance to the symbol by incorporating the myth of Christian redemption and this increased complexity produces in her children both a spiritual _and_ a physical progeria which borders on the freakish .
By establishing a close correlation between such disparate Southern Renaissance writers as Faulkner and O'Connor we can begin to appreciate the power of the " old child 's " significance .
This is not a paradigm which has been examined in detail in the critical literature , but the motif merits our closer examination -- first because it is a figure which recurs throughout the literature of this period and second , because the " old child " represents these Southern Renaissance writers need to dramatize the the bitter argument that rages within them .
. . . .
Excerpt from THE CONCLUSION . . . .
Flannery O'Connor 's fiction also explores this distinctly Southern paradox through the symbol of the " old child . "
Like Faulkner , she creates child characters who are disillusioned by the inactivity and lack of belief in their parent 's generation and subsequently construct their identity on the model of an elderly figure , only to suffer a tug of loyalties between the past and the present which embitters the child .
The difference with O'Connor is that the discrepancy she seeks to capture is not between the Old South and the New South but between the Christian promise of Redemption and a modern nihilism and as a result her " old children " suffer both a spiritual _and_ physical progeria .
Her " old children " are more freakish and grotesque than Faulkner 's but they still emanate from the Southern question of how to incorporate past myths in articulating an identity in the present .
. . .
** AL BELL's ANALYSIS : I think this thesis is as much about Late Night , and the generation reluctantly known as Generation X , as it is about Southern Gothic literature .
Conan IS one of Flannery O'Connor 's old children , torn between traditional Catholic spiritualism and modern nihilism .
Conan and other serious
Gen X artists know that they live in a screwed up society .
They know we have to find a way to care about something other than scandals and the landfill in our own backyard , or face destruction .
But Gen X artists also know that the Nazis , the Communists , the urban planners of the 1960s , and the free - sex Baby Boomer hippies have caused so much destruction that they made the very thought of altruism seem ridiculous .
Gen X artists who try to say they care about the world end up sounding like sanctimonious pricks , beauty pageant contestants or genocidal dictators in training .
About all a self - respecting Gen X artist can do is gurgle something about how it would be nice if someone would keep the Serbians from killing ethnic Albanians , or AIDS from killing 20 percent of the population of Africa .
So Conan fixates on guys like Lincoln and Kennedy -- good guys who found sensible ways to care -- as if trying to figure out some way that we could care , too .
Page established in May 30 , 1997 .
Hit counter installed Dec. 2 , 1999 .
To try to head off such anxiety , the governor of the Bank of Spain said this week that regulators in Spain had conducted stress tests on all Spanish banks and intended to publish the results .
Two Spanish banks are included in the wider , European stress tests covered by Thursday 's deal : Santander and BBVA .
Other major European banks covered include Royal Bank of Scotland , BNP Paribas and Deutsche Bank .
Under the agreement there was also a pledge to show flexibility in applying rules limiting government aid to companies .
That would allow European governments to move to recapitalize any banks found to be in trouble — before the publication of the stress - test results .
“ If state intervention is needed , this will be examined in a timely manner , ” Mr. Barroso said .
“ I think it ’s good news , ” said Nicolas Véron , an economist at Bruegel , a research organization in Brussels .
“ Nations have come to the realization they could n’t go on telling people everything was fine and giving no evidence . ”
Mr. Véron predicted that evaluations of the large banks , along with plans by Spanish authorities to disclose results of their tests of domestic banks , would force other countries to follow suit and disclose the financial state of smaller institutions .
Image From left , José Manuel Barroso , Silvio Berlusconi and Nicolas Sarkozy in Brussels on Thursday .
Credit ... Benoit Doppagne / BELGA , Via European Pressphoto Agency
“ Once you have a benchmark for the first 25 banks , then this will have trigger effects , ” he said .
One big risk is that some banks will prove to be weaker than has been publicly known , or even insolvent once forced to do a frank evaluation of their financial state .
“ It could be there will be some delicate moments in the process , ” Mr. Véron said .
“ But it ’s much better than the stonewalling we have had . ”
Despite what some may like you to believe , the nuclear renaissance is upon us .
Do n’t let anyone get away with telling you otherwise — they are badly misleading you .
Indeed , given that the the real - world facts are so readily available , one really does have to wonder how long these ideologues imagine they can pull the wool over the eyes of the public ?
Do they really care about fixing climate change ?
What is happening now
The bastion of atomic energy over the next two decades will be Generation III reactors , despite the enormous medium - to long - term promise of Generation IV ( as I recently explained , here ) .
This is not idle speculation -– it is already happening in the world ’s fastest - growing economies .
At the time of writing this blog post , over 65 of these modern nuclear reactors are under construction ( or nearly so ) .
Twenty - three new nuclear power plants are being built in China alone , which is targeting 70 gigawatts of extra nuclear power by 2020 .
In addition , there are serious plans in China for two sodium - cooled fast reactors ( BN - 800 ) of the “ Generation IV ” design , following the completion of the first Russian unit in 2012 — the sort of reactor that some people think ‘ do n’t exist ’ .
How about this for some supporting statistics : 29 new reactors , totalling 26 gigawatts of electricity output ( operating at high capacity factors without the need for energy storage / backup ) , will start operation in 13 different countries in the 2010 — 2012 period – that ’s within the next 3 years ( average reactor size is 880 MWe ) .
Of course , this new - generation nuclear deployment rate must continue to accelerate if we ’re to have any realistic chance of completely replacing fossil fuels by 2050 , but it ’s a great beginning !
Justifying assumptions of lifespan and capacity factors
If nuclear energy was too costly and slow to deploy , as some ( such as Prof Ian Lowe in his section of the book Why vs Why : Nuclear Power ) , why would China , South Korea , India , Russia and other rapidly developing nations risk their precious finances on such foolhardy ventures ?
The answer , these governments say , is that their investment in nuclear power is both prudent and timely , and so they are willing to put their money where their mouths are .
This is reality and trumps the hand - wringing concerns of disengaged critics .
With regard to the economics of new nuclear power , Prof Lowe argues ( in the Why vs Why book ) that my estimates of the economics of nuclear power are “ unrealistic ” and represent nothing more than “ wishful thinking on a grand scale ” .
He says this is because I assume that a nuclear power station will last for 60 years and deliver power 90 per cent of the time .
Let me allay his concerns with some examples from real - world experience .
For the period 2006 to 2008 , the 104 reactors operating in the United States reported an energy availability factor of 91.4 per cent .
In Korea , Finland and Switzerland , it was 91.9 , 93.3 and 92.8 per cent , respectively .
Even the Chinese , who are still accumulating experience in optimal operations , reached 86.6 per cent .
Furthermore , while the reactors built in the United States in the 1960s and 1970s had a nominal design lifetime of 40 years , more than 60 of them have since been granted licence renewals , extending their operating lives out to 60 years .
Others are expected to apply for similar extensions .
This is actual performance data , not speculation .
Current construction costs
As I explained above , nuclear power is being most actively pursued today in China ( 23 reactors currently under construction ) , India ( 4 ) , South Korea ( 6 ) and Russia ( 8 ) , and in terms of forward projections through to 2020 , China plans to expand its nuclear generation capacity to 70 GW ( up from 8.6 GW in 2010 ) , South Korea to 27.3 GW ( up from 17.7 GW ) , and Russia from 43.3 GW ( up from 23.2 GW ) .
Looking further ahead , India ’s stated goal is 63 GW by 2032 and 500 GW by 2060 , whilst China ’s 2030 target is 200 GW , with at least 750 GW by 2050 .
These nations are heavily focused on rapidly overcoming first - of - a- kind ( FOAK ) costs and establishing standardised designs based around modular construction and passive safety principles .
By contrast , the country with the most installed nuclear power – the United States , with over 100 commercial reactors – has announced loan guarantees to support new plants , but has not yet started construction of any Generation III reactors .
It is therefore in the rapidly developing Asian countries that current real - world costs can be most reliably established .
The two leading reactor designs now being built in China are the indigenous CPR - 1000 and the Westinghouse AP - 1000 .
Reported capital costs are in the range of $ 1,296 to $ 1,790 / kW .
Korea has focused attention on its APR - 1400 design , with domestic overnight costs of $ 2,333 / kW .
A recent contract for $ 20.4 billion has been signed with Korean consortium KEPCO to build four APR - 1400 reactors in the United Arab Emirates , at a turnkey cost of $ 3,643 / kW .
This price is notable considering that it is offered under near - FOAK conditions , because these will be the UAE ’s first nuclear plants .
Alternatives are not stacking up
Prof Lowe touts a crystal - ball - gazing exercise by some Stanford University researchers as offering a pathway to a renewable energy solution .
I have critiqued that study heavily elsewhere , but the bottom line is this :
If non -hydro renewable energy were truly as cost - effective and could be built on the scale these authors would like you to believe , why has no nation yet followed this energy pathway ?
Denmark has done the most in this respect , with 18 per cent of its average energy coming from wind power .
Yet , despite this investment in non -hydro renewables , the carbon intensity for electricity production in Denmark is 650 grams of carbon dioxide per kilowatt hour .
By contrast , the figure for France , which draws 77 per cent of its electricity from nuclear power , is 90 grams of carbon dioxide per kilowatt hour .
This is more than 7 times lower than Denmark , per unit of delivered electricity .
This is the stark reality , not the spin .
Yet again , real - world experience says far more about energy truths than any ivory tower speculation .
Importantly , this is an energy truth that is actually great news for carbon emissions reduction and our pursuit of a sustainable society .
It ’s now urgent that this message to be understood by the classic environmental movement .
Conclusion
Allow me to quote the conclusion of my recent book :
The Fraunhofer Institute for Applied Information Technology FIT just presented an Augmented Reality system for use under water .
A diver 's mask with a special display lets the diver see his or her real submarine surroundings overlaid with computer - generated virtual scenes .
In the pilot application , an AR game , the player sees a coral reef with shoals , mussels and weeds , instead of a plain indoor pool .
Applications for professional divers are being investigated .
Augmented Reality research has made enormous progress in the last few years , creating many exciting , albeit land - based applications .
Now , FIT researchers are the first to demonstrate an AR application designed for underwater use .
Submerged use is a major challenge for technical systems .
They must be waterproof and robust enough to withstand the high additional pressure of increasing diving depth .
FIT researchers built a prototype AR system that meets these requirements .
Its main component is a waterproof display in front of a diver 's mask .
The display lets the diver see his or her real underwater environment plus additional virtual objects .
Thus , a run -of - the - mill indoor pool may be visually upgraded to a ( virtual ) coral reef with shoals , mussels and weeds .
An ultra -mobile PC ( UMPC ) , which the diver takes with him in a backpack , detects underwater markers in the video stream from a camera on the top of the diver 's mask .
Based on the pictures from the camera and on the data from inertial and magnetic field tracking of the diver 's orientation , the system generates visually correct representations of the virtual 3D scenes .
As a demonstrator Fraunhofer FIT created the world 's first mobile underwater AR game .
It puts the diver in the role of an underwater archaeologist searching for a treasure chest .
The playground consists of six virtual ' islands ' on the sea bed , each with its specific rich marine wildlife .
In one of the underwater locations the treasure chest can be found , but it then takes a code number to open the lock .
The elements of this number can be found in ' magical ' mussels that hide in the other five locations .
The user interface of this novel underwater game is highly intuitive and optimized for the swimming and diving player :
It works without any manual interaction devices .
" For the player , our game combines the fascinating sensation of weightlessness under water with the fascination of advanced AR technology , creating a unique exciting experience that may become a new special attraction for water parks , " explains Ms. Lisa Blum , one of the researchers involved in Fraunhofer FIT 's research on Collaborative Virtual and Augmented Environments .
At the same time , the prototype is a robust platform for development work well beyond entertainment applications .
Next Fraunhofer FIT studies potential uses of the submarine AR technology to support professional divers , e. g. in the maintenance of bridges , offshore oil rigs or dams .
After writing about how Prince Charles ’ charity , the Foundation for Integrated Health , is now under police investigation for possible fraud , it has become clear how I have missed one of the most shocking aspects of the Smallwood Report .
The report has proved to be very controversial because it was commissioned by Prince Charles and was sent directly to government ministers in an attempt to influence them to fund the provision of pseudo - medical treatments , such as homeopathy , within the NHS .
Given , the unique constitutional position of the future monarch , direct lobbying over specific policy issues is seen as being in conflict with the democratic process .
Furthermore , when an academic , Edzard Ernst , criticised the report as being deeply flawed , the Prince ’s private secretary , Sir Michael Peat , wrote to the University of Exeter to complain about the whistle - blowing of Ernst .
Since then ,
The Prince ’s charity , the Foundation for Integrated Health has stated that Peat wrote to Exeter on their behalf as Peat was their chairman .
However , this was not true as the complaint clearly stated that Peat was writing both in his role of “ Prince of Wales ’ Principal Private Secretary and as Acting Chairman of His Royal Highness ’ Foundation for Integrated Health ” .
The origin of the report had a peculiar origin too .
Originally commissioned by the Foundation for Integrated Health by asking the economist Christopher Smallwood and the research consultancy FreshMinds to take a “ fresh and independent look at the role of complementary medicine ” in the NHS , it suddenly switched to being directly commissioned by the Prince of Wales himself .
And when the Prince took direct responsibility , the funding appeared to switch too .
In a comment on my last blog post , Ernst makes it clear that the money was coming from Dame Shirley Porter and that Smallwood made it clear the Prince did not want it to be known who was behind the financing .
It is not difficult to understand why Prince Charles would not want it to be known that Porter was funding his pet project .
The Smallwood report was published in 2005 at a very ‘ sensitive time ’ for Shirley Porter .
She has been described as “ the most corrupt British public figure in living memory ” .
During the 80’s , Porter was leader of Westminster council where she systematically tried to gerrymander wards to make them more likely to vote
Tory by selling off council houses in marginal areas to private tenants .
She ousted homeless people out of marginal wards and tried to house them in safe labour wards in buildings unfit for human habitation .
She sold of cemeteries for 15 p each and organised thugs to jeer at families who protested .
She was ordered to repay £ 42 m for her “ blatant and dishonest misuse of public power ” .
One of the biggest charges ever .
As heir to the Tesco empire , one would have thought that such a sum would have been easy for her to find .
However , she spent years avoiding repaying the money .
She claimed she only had £ 300,000 in assets and fled to Israel .
She told her son that “ you ’ve inherited my genes and know how to lie . ”
It is during this time that she was in self - imposed exile and was claiming near poverty that she was slipping Prince Charles the cash to fund his misconceived exercise into persuading the government to embrace pseudoscience in the NHS .
Porter eventually settled with the new Tory administration of Westminster and only paid £ 12 m after the investigators thought she had no more assets .
Porter continues to make ‘ philanthropic ’ donations .
I find it incredible that the heir to the throne was not only speaking to Porter during this period but was also prepared to do business with her .
And that business was to indulge in trying to push charlatanism into public health care by producing a report that was clearly misleading in its one - sidedness and bias .
Many questions obviously remain .
Given that Ernst knew of the origin of the funding , it would appear likely that other contributors did too .
Ernst contribution was not used in the end as his views of the evidence do not fit in with the pre-selected conclusions of the report .
But there are many high profile figures from the world of pseudo - medical treatments who took part – people who run his charity , the Foundation for Integrated Health , academics who promote quackery and even people involved in mainstream medical policy .
It is a shabby business .
It amazes me how often we see people who believe in magic medicine tend also to make rather bad value judgements in other areas too .
Obama Goes with Neocon Flow on Iran Whether wittingly or witlessly , President Barack Obama is pursuing a neocon- charted path on Iran that parallels the one that George W. Bush took to war with Iraq – ratcheting up sanctions against the “ enemy , ” refusing to tolerate more peaceful options , and swaggering along with the propagandistic tough - guy - ism of the major U.S. news media .
Email
Printer friendly
The Obama administration is celebrating its victory in getting the UN Security Council on Wednesday to approve a fourth round of economic sanctions against Iran .
Obama also is expected to sign on to even more draconian penalties that should soon sail through Congress .
Obama may be thinking that his UN diplomatic achievement will buy him some credibility – and some time – with American neocons and Israel ’s Likud government , which favor a showdown with Iran over its nuclear program .
However , the end result of the new sanctions may well be a greater likelihood that the debate within the Iranian government will tilt toward a decision to proceed with ever - higher - level enrichment of uranium and possibly construction of a nuclear bomb as the only means of self - defense .
That may be the opposite of what Obama seeks , but it is what the neocons and Likud would cite as justification for another Middle East war .
Just as the neocons and Israel wanted “ regime change ” in Iraq , they have long hungered for “ regime change ” in Iran , too .
A favorite neocon joke at the time of the Iraq War was to speculate on which direction to go next , to Syria or Iran , with the punch - line , “ Real men to go Tehran ! ” Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has made clear that he considers the possibility of an Iranian nuclear weapon an “ existential threat ” to Israel , one that would justify a military strike .
While Israel ’s powerful air force would likely inflict the first blows , national security analysts believe that the U.S. military would be pulled in to finish off Iran ’s military capabilities .
The neocon / Likud hope would be that these military attacks would embolden Iran ’s internal opposition to rise up and overthrow the Islamic system that has governed Iran since 1979 , in other words , “ regime change . ”
Much like the neocon / Likud thinking about Iraq , however , these grandiose plans often end up with unpredictable and bloody outcomes .
Many war - gamers believe the economic , geo-political and military consequences of an attack on Iran are impossible to gauge , though some in the U.S. military fear that such a conflict could ignite a regional war and cause serious strategic damage to the United States .
[ See Consortiumnews.com ’s “ The Bomb - Bomb - Iran Parlor Game . ” ]
President Onboard ?
Whether President Obama comprehends these risks – or may invite them – is unclear .
What is known is that he staffed his administration with a number of hardliners on Iran , from Hillary Clinton as Secretary of State to Rahm Emanuel as White House chief of staff .
Voices of moderation , if there are any , have been noticeably silent .
Some analysts believe that the President is a relative “ dove ” on Iran , citing his private letter to Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva that encouraged Brazil and Turkey to work out a deal to get Iran to transfer about half its low - enriched uranium to Turkey in exchange for more highly enriched uranium that could only be used for peaceful medical purposes .
However , after Lula da Silva and Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan got Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to agree to that deal , the arrangement was denounced by Secretary of State Clinton and was ridiculed by the major U.S. news media , including the New York Times and the Washington Post .
Even after Brazil released Obama ’s supportive letter , the President would not publicly defend his position .
Instead , his administration pressed ahead with the new round of sanctions .
What is also clear is that tough - guy - ism is running strong , much like it was in the months before the U.S. invasion of Iraq .
A New York Times editorial on Thursday praised the new round of anti-Iran sanctions , but complained they “ do not go far enough . ”
Still , the Times took encouragement from the hope that the United States and European countries might impose much harsher sanctions on their own .
The Times also took another mocking swipe at Brazil and Turkey , which voted against the new sanctions from their temporary seats on the Security Council .
“ The day ’s most disturbing development was the two no votes in the Security Council from Turkey and Brazil , ” the Times wrote .
“ Both are disappointed that their efforts to broker a nuclear deal with Iran did n’t go far .
Like pretty much everyone else , they were played by Tehran . ”
Though this Times point of view fits with neocon orthodoxy – that any reasonable move toward peace and away from confrontation is a sign of naivete and weakness – the fact is that the Iran - Turkey - Brazil deal was torpedoed by the United States , after Obama had encouraged it .
This was n’t a case of the two countries being “ played by Tehran . ”
The Real Agenda The Times star columnist Thomas L. Friedman has more explicitly laid out the real goal regarding Iran , not nuclear safeguards , but “ regime change . ”
In a May 26 column , Friedman wrote that the United States should do whatever it can to help Iran ’s internal opposition overthrow President Ahmadinejad and Iran ’s Islamic - directed government .
“ In my view , the ‘ Green Revolution ’ in Iran is the most important , self - generated , democracy movement to appear in the Middle East in decades , ” Friedman wrote .
“ It has been suppressed , but it is not going away , and , ultimately , its success — not any nuclear deal with the Iranian clerics — is the only sustainable source of security and stability .
We have spent far too little time and energy nurturing that democratic trend and far too much chasing a nuclear deal . ”
Friedman ’s argument again tracks with the neocon case for war with Iran – as he earlier was onboard for war with Iraq – claiming that “ regime change ” was the only acceptable outcome .
As an institution , the New York Times also played a key role in making war with Iraq inevitable , with bogus reporting about Iraq getting aluminum tubes for nuclear centrifuges .
Similarly , in the case of Iran , the Times and other leading U.S. news outlets have promoted the propaganda line that Iran ’s presidential election last June was “ fraudulent ” or “ rigged . ”
However , an analysis by the University of Maryland ’s Program on International Policy Attitudes found that there was little evidence to support allegations of fraud or to conclude that most Iranians viewed Ahmadinejad ’s reelection as illegitimate .
Not a single Iranian poll analyzed by PIPA – whether before or after the June 12 election , whether conducted inside or outside Iran – showed Ahmadinejad with less than majority support .
None showed the much - touted Green Movement ’s candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi ahead or even close .
" These findings do not prove that there were no irregularities in the election process , ” said Steven Kull , director of PIPA .
“ But they do not support the belief that a majority rejected Ahmadinejad . "
[ For details , see Consortiumnews.com ’s “ Ahmadinejad Won , Get Over It ! ” ]
Nevertheless , President Obama has refused to contest Washington ’s conventional wisdom on the Iranian election or to buck the neocon - favored trend toward a heightened confrontation with Iran .
Having let his administration rebuff the Iran - Turkey - Brazil deal in favor of more UN sanctions and soon even tougher U.S. sanctions , Obama has let his foreign policy either drift – or be piloted – toward a worsening crisis .
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Neck Deep : The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush , was written with two of his sons , Sam and Nat , and can be ordered at neckdeepbook.com .
His two previous books , Secrecy & Privilege : The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth ' are also available there .
Or go to Amazon.com .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Bonus comic time !
Actually , observant readers will probably notice this one is pretty much an exact replica of Monday ’s strip , but I did n’t think of this version in time to post it then , so I “ quickly ” whipped it up for today instead .
I think I like this one a whole lot better , but I still did n’t want to replace the old one in the archive .
What do you guys think ?
I guess it will help if you somehow could manage to erase the memory of reading the previous one , though .
Even though this one took me few extra hours to do , regular scheduling will still go forward with a new comic on Friday as well !
Gold Man promises to turn your ordinary toilet into a urinal .
When it 's time to pee , just place the Gold Man on the toilet , and there you have it , a big porthole for your piss that supposedly keeps all that messy splashing off the bathroom floor , walls and ceiling .
When you 're done , you simply place the Gold Man back on its specially made base that sits next to the toilet .
Advertisement
This goofy looking attachment might come in handy for men with profound aiming problems , or maybe guys with prostate trouble that causes them to spray rather than stream .
The company also recommends the Gold Man for the occasional barfing session you may encounter , keeping your head out of the loo and perhaps avoiding an unintentional swirly .
Hey , wait a minute here .
You still have to clean the Gold Man , do n't you ?
Its makers recommend using a shower spray to rinse it off after each use .
Huh ?
Just spray it in the shower , and you 're golden ?
That 's going to be a lot of trouble ; it would probably be easier to clean your bathroom after each use , or just pee in the shower .
Forget this bullshit .
Get a real urinal — we recommend the Kohler Bardon Touchless .
Advertisement
Product Page [ Neorex Oy ]
A great reputation for safety does n't count for much if your car crashes during a demonstration of its crash - avoidance technology .
That 's exactly what happened to Volvo this week as it showed off the collision - avoidance system in the new S60 sedan .
With auto journos – including our mates at Wired UK – watching , a new S60 with a test dummy was fired out of the safety tunnel at Volvo 's safety center at 30 mph .
It was aimed straight at the back of a parked truck .
The collision - avoidance system was supposed to bring the car to a stop safely .
It did n't .
Acccording to Wired UK's Nate Lanxon , it was n't the car that screwed up , it was the engineer preparing it .
Volvo attributes the blunder to a battery problem caused by human error .
And to be fair , Lanxon says , the system worked flawlessly the day before .
That does n't make the snafu any less ironic .
Or entertaining .
Check out the video at Wired UK .
Photo : Nate Lanxon / Wired UK
A revived anti-choice Oklahoma bill that would require women to report their life story is , apparently , not about women at all .
Women in Oklahoma might be surprised to learn that a bill that would require them to report their “ marital status , age , race , education , number of live births , number of miscarriages , number of induced abortions , type of abortion and reason for the abortion ” is , apparently , not about them at all .
“ This is not about women , ” said Sen . Steve Russell , R - Oklahoma City .
“ It is about children in the womb deserving a life that got created .
It is not about harassing women . ”
Victims of rape or incest are not exempt from the reporting requirements .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Does this sound familiar ?
That ’s because it was intended to become law last November , but Oklahoma courts struck down the measure as unconstitutional because the bill in which it was included addressed more than one issue at a time .
The new , singularly focused Statistical Abortion Reporting Act passed the Oklahoma House on Monday and the Senate yesterday .
While some legislators are seemingly embarrassed about the state ’s radical anti-choice laws ,
Sen . Debbe Leftwich , D - Oklahoma City , said such legislation makes the rest of the country joke about Oklahoma .
“ This goes too far , ” she said .
“ Do we keep wanting to make national news by going too far in how we treat women ? ”
others seem to think Oklahoma is not quite at the level of disgrace .
( What ’s the step just above disgraceful ?
Shameful ? )
The bill ’s Senate author , Sen. Clark Jolley , R - Edmond , said , “ To say Oklahoma is the disgrace of the nation , I think might be pushing the rhetoric a little bit too far . ”
The next step for the “ not about women ” reporting bill will be Governor Brad Henry ’s desk .
He vetoed the two most recent abortion bills , but the objections were overturned by the legislature .
Mini-roundup : Rep. Lois Capps ( D - NY ) introduces the Global MOMS
Act , which calls for developing a strategy to reduce maternal and infant mortality and improve the health of moms and babies in developing nations .
Joining her at the press was supermodel turned documentary filmmaker , Christy Turlington .
May 11
Abortion bill begs veto – MiamiHerald.com
Sessions : Kagan Wo n’t Shift Court on Abortion – CBS News
Abortion opponents to present petition to Beach council tonight – The Virginian - Pilot
McInnis , once clearly pro-choice , embraces anti-abortion personhood – The Colorado Independent
Elena Kagan Abortion Memo Offers New Look at Nominee – ABC News
Scientists to test ultrasound as a male contraceptive – BBC News
As pill turns 50 , a push within Islam for family planning – Religion News Service
Kennedy , the Pill and Conservatives for Contraception – Huffington Post ( blog )
World Bank boosts focus on reproductive health – Reuters
Judge to rule if bite from HIV - positive man counts as bioterrorism – USA Today
South African police bust HIV / AIDS pyramid scheme – Reuters
US expands Caribbean AIDS program – AFP
Austin mural sends message – Chicago Tribune
India , despite poor health care , sees drop in maternal mortality – Christian Science Monitor
Male Birth Control Pill : What ’s the Hold - Up ? – Discovery News
Annette Bening on Mother and Child , Teen Pregnancy , and Playing the Woman You Would n’t Want to Meet in the Grocery Store – New York Magazine
May 12
As Clinton Aide , Kagan Recommended Tactical Support for an Abortion Ban – New York Times
Bargaining for Health Care Reform – Flagpole Magazine
San Francisco values save the world – San Francisco Chronicle
Abortion bill puts governor on the spot – Sun-Sentinel
Abortion reporting bill passes Oklahoma Senate – NewsOK.com
Abortion info bill wins Senate OK – Tulsa World
Should you use the contraceptive pill to skip your period ?
– ABC Local
National HIV Vaccine Awareness Day - May 18 , 2010 – Examiner.com
New drug control strategy signals policy shift – The Associated Press
Africa ’s deadly backroom abortions – Globe and Mail
Genital wart virus may raise men ’s risk of HIV – Reuters
Maternal health bill introduced – Ventura County Star
‘ Teen Mommalogues ’ :
Sex education from the adolescent perspective – San Luis Obispo Tribune
The pill turns 50 : Birth control method is the catalyst of change , controversy – Times Herald - Record
How to fight cervical cancer – India Today
Rally to urge veto of anti-abortion bill – Bradenton Herald
A fix for the gushing oil well a mile beneath the Gulf of Mexico has so far eluded scientists and engineers armed with technical know - how and high - tech robotic submarines .
So one Boulder man is calling upon people from around the world to try a different , simpler tack : meditation .
“ The basic concept is to try and get as many people to visualize that the valve is actually functioning and is working and closing , ” said Carl Fuermann , a staff member in the University of Colorado ’s Registrar Office .
The Coast Guard estimates that 200,000 gallons of oil a day has been streaming into the Gulf of Mexico since the Deepwater Horizon oil rig sank after it was rocked by an explosion April 20 .
A safety valve designed to stop the flow of oil , called a blowout preventer , did not activate as it was designed to after the explosion .
Efforts to activate the valve using robots have not worked .
Fuermann said his desire to use meditation to activate the blowout preventer — and his belief that visualization could actually work — is rooted in his own life experiences and in a global movement called the Intention Experiment .
“ I ’m very known for fixing things and making things work , ” Fuermann said , adding that he believes his meditation helped fix a friend ’s Flip video camera .
“ I visualize things working and hold the belief that they actually work . ”
Lynne McTaggart , who started the Intention Experiment , has organized more than a half dozen mind - over - matter experiments — most recently to try to improve the water quality in Lake Biwa , Japan — that involve people focusing their thoughts on something in the physical world to make change .
She claims to have scientific evidence that it works .
Fuermann and some of the people who have joined his visualization campaign say they know that many may doubt their methods .
“ I completely understand that most people would have a healthy skepticism about these things , ” said Jahnavi Stenflo , also of Boulder , in an e-mail .
“ To all those skeptics , I would simply ask them to participate in the exercise if they would like to try .
…
Ultimately , there is nothing to lose in trying to visualize the valve shutting off .
It either will help or it will not . ”
Dwayne Bourgoyne , a deep - water mining expert at the Colorado School of Mines , said Tuesday that he has “ never heard of such an attempt to stop an oil spill or any other kind of mechanical failure . ”
But he also conceded that while he is familiar with the known law of physics he is “ unfamiliar with the telekinetic potential of meditation . ”
Bourgoyne did have a piece of advice for the meditators , however , and that is to focus their visualization efforts on a process called “ sanding out , ” which can happen when the unconstrained flow of oil weakens the rock around the well bore .
The rock can break apart and enter the well as sand , which eventually blocks the oil leak .
“ If the meditators are seeking a common image upon which to focus , ” he said .
“ I suggest they visualize tiny cracks spreading in the rock . ”
Contact Camera Staff Writer Laura Snider at 303-473-1327 or sniderl@dailycamera.com .
De la grande conférence « I/O » de Google , ouverte cet après- midi ( heure française ) à San Francisco , on attendait plus de confirmations que d'annonces fracassantes -- le support natif de Flash sur les téléphones Android , la Google TV ou la Google tablette , peut - être ...
Le seul réel point d'interrogation flottait sur l'épineuse question du codec vidéo racheté par le géant de Mountain View il y a quelques mois ( lire l'article ) .
La réponse vient de tomber à l'instant en Californie , et devrait ravir la Free Software Foundation qui en avait fait la demande appuyée dans une lettre ouverte :
Google a bien l'intention de faire du VP8 un format vidéo libre et open - source .
La licence est lisible ici en intégralité , et son code source est même déjà téléchargeable .
Le VP8 pourrait être implémenté prochainement sur YouTube et remplacer le format h.264 , qu'il concurrence sérieusement en termes de qualité .
Une fois libéré par Google , ce format pourrait être -- à terme -- standardisé et réconcilier les acteurs du web actuellement déchirés sur le choix des formats de vidéo .
Il est déjà testable sur la plateforme de test en HTML5 de Youtube , avec les navigateurs Firefox et Chromium , à cette adresse : youtube.com/html5 .
Il suffit ensuite de sélectionner une vidéo et de rajouter les caractères « &webm ; =1 » à la fin de l'adresse URL de la page .
Après rafraîchissement de la page , la vidéo sera lue au format VP8 .
WebM , le nom du projet lancé par Google autour de cette libération , pourrait également être le nouveau nom du codec VP8 .
« Le projet WebM vise à développer un format vidéo pour le web ouvert , de haute qualité et librement accessible à tous » , annonce sa page d'accueil .
« Merci Google ! » , crie Tristan Nitot , président de Mozilla Europe .
Sur le même sujet :
Internet : enfin la vidéo !
Lire les réactions à cet article .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Q. How do you feel about this rally ?
Sebastien Ogier : I want to just think about the positive .
For sure it 's big frustration to lose my first victory so close to the end of the last stage .
But if I look at my rally it was almost the perfect weekend .
Three corners from the end and it would have been the perfect weekend , but one mistake and I lose the victory .
For my first time here , compared with my experience it's a good performance .
We had a great feeling for the drive here , that 's good for my future .
Q. Even more so because this is quite a technical rally to learn ...
SO : Yes it was quite technical .
It was very fast and you need perfect pace notes .
I think one of the keys of my performance was the perfect recce I did with Julien [ Ingrassia ] .
I was able to push really hard for all the weekend .
Until last night [ Saturday night ] we had no moments , it was a safe drive with no pushing .
Then today [ Sunday ] we had two mistakes , but compared with the attack we had , it 's maybe normal .
Everybody has mistakes today , even Sebastien [ Loeb ] made two mistakes and Jari - Matti [ Latvala ] hit some bank and was close to going off as well .
Petter [ Solberg ] went off .
It was maybe everybody on the limit today .
It was the maximum .
It 's like this .
I 'm happy for me and the team to finish second .
Q. Did you think this was possible before the start of the event ?
SO : I know I am so close to fight for the podium on each rally .
When I come I say : " Okay , I have to discover this rally , if I can be top five and not far from the podium , this can be a good result . "
But , from the second stage , we find the good rhythm and , okay , maybe I can fight for the podium this weekend .
I tried to do that .
We lead the rally for a long time , but finally we finish second .
But , it 's a good weekend .
Q. What 's the next step for you ?
You want to win a rally , is Portugal possible ?
Maybe after the speed you 've shown on this fast rally , maybe Finland is possible ?
SO : Yeah , maybe Finland is difficult for sure against the Finnish driver .
I do n't really think .
I want to continue like this .
I think it 's important for me not to think too much about this , not to worry about it .
I can lose more to try and have a victory now compared to continuing like this , a bit slower , some more podiums .
The victory will come automatically some day .
Q. By the end of the year ?
SO : Yes , it 's possible if you look at this weekend , but that 's not my real target .
If it 's coming , it 's coming .
If it does , it 's perfect , but I prefer to take maybe five or six podium until the end than to have one win .
Q. Malcolm Wilson thinks you are ahead of Loeb in career progression .
What do you think of that ?
SO : It 's always good to hear that .
Sure the progress is really fast , but Sebastien is an incredible driver and his career is just incredible .
It will be difficult for everybody to do the same as him , but I will try to have the best career I can .
I know for the moment I have the fastest progression for the rally ever , but still the most difficult is to do - to be consistent , to be fast and to win rallies and titles .
Okay , it 's a pleasure to have that from Malcolm .
MedWatch , the FDA ’s medical product safety reporting program for health professionals , patients and consumers .
MedWatch receives reports from the public and when appropriate , publishes safety alerts for FDA - regulated products such as :
Prescription and over - the - counter medicines
Biologics such as blood components , blood / plasma derivatives and gene therapies .
such as blood components , blood / plasma derivatives and gene therapies .
Medical devices such as hearing aids breast pumps , and pacemakers .
such as hearing aids breast pumps , and pacemakers .
Combination products such as pre-filled drug syringe , metered - dose inhalers and nasal spray .
such as pre-filled drug syringe , metered - dose inhalers and nasal spray .
Special nutritional products such as dietary supplements , medical foods and infant formulas .
such as dietary supplements , medical foods and infant formulas .
Cosmetics such as moisturizers , makeup , shampoos , hair dyes and tattoos .
such as moisturizers , makeup , shampoos , hair dyes and tattoos .
Food such as beverages and ingredients added to foods .
Other products that the FDA regulates such as tobacco products , vaccines and animal / livestock medicine and feed utilize different reporting pathways and it is recommended that reports concerning these products be submitted directly to the appropriate portals .
COVINGTON , La. —
The official leading the federal response to the Gulf oil spill rejected the notion of removing BP and taking over the cleanup operation , saying yesterday that the government has neither the company ’s expertise nor its deep - sea equipment .
“ To push BP out of the way would raise a question :
To replace them with what ? ’’ Coast Guard Commandant Thad Allen said at a White House briefing .
The White House is facing increasing questions about why the government can’t assert more control over the handling of the catastrophe , which unfolded after a BP offshore drilling rig blew up April 20 .
BP ’s attempts to stop the leak have all failed , despite the company ’s use of submarine robots that can operate at depths no human could withstand .
Millions of gallons of brown crude are now coating birds and other wildlife and fouling the Louisiana marshes .
BP is now pinning its hopes on yet another technique never tested 5,000 feet underwater : a “ top kill , ’’ in which heavy mud and cement would be shot into the blown - out well to plug it .
The top kill could begin as early as tomorrow , with BP ’s chief executive , Tony Hayward , giving it a 60 percent to 70 percent chance of success .
Allen said federal law dictates that BP must run the cleanup , with the government overseeing its efforts .
“ They ’re exhausting every technical means possible to deal with that leak , ’’ he said .
“ I am satisfied with the coordination that ’s going on . ’’
Interior Secretary Ken Salazar suggested over the weekend that the government could intervene aggressively if BP was n’t delivering .
“ If we find that they ’re not doing what they ’re supposed to be doing , we ’ll push them out of the way appropriately , ’’ he said .
But asked about that comment yesterday , Allen said : “ That ’s more of a metaphor . ’’
Allen said BP and the government are working closely together , with the government holding veto power and adopting an “ inquisitorial ’’ stand toward the company ’s ideas .
The commandant also said the government has the authority to tell BP what to do , and such orders carry the force of law .
Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano also took a more measured tone at a news conference yesterday in Galliano , La. , with Salazar and six US senators who had flown over the coast to see the damage .
“ We continue to hold BP responsible as the responsible party , but we are on them , watching them , ’’ she said .
BP said it is doing all it can to stop the leak .
Its chief operating officer , Doug Suttles , made the rounds of network morning news shows to say that the company understands people are frustrated .
“ Clearly Secretary Salazar is telling us that we need to do this as expediently as we can , ’’ Suttles said .
“ And of course we are . ’’
Hayward walked along oil - soaked Fourchon Beach and said he had underestimated the possible environmental effects .
“ I ’m as devastated as you are by what I ’ve seen here today , ’’ Hayward said after he spoke with cleanup workers in white overalls and yellow boots , some shoveling oily sand into garbage cans .
“ We are going to do everything in our power to prevent any more oil from coming ashore , and we will clean every last drop up and we will remediate all of the environmental damage . ’’
In another source of tension between BP and the government , the company was still using a certain chemical dispersant yesterday to fight the oil despite orders from the Environmental Protection Agency to employ something less toxic .
“ If we can find an alternative that is less toxic and available , we will switch to that product , ’’ Suttles said .
“ To date , we ’ve struggled to find an alternative either that had less risk to the environment or that was readily available . ’’
EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson called BP ’s response “ insufficient . ’’
Mark Kellstrom , an analyst with Summit , N.J. - based Strategic Energy Research , said time might be running out for BP to continue calling the shots .
“ The rhetoric is growing up in Washington for the politicians to kick out BP and let the government take over , ’’ Kellstrom said , though he added that it would be a mistake .
BP had hoped to try a top kill earlier but needed more time to get equipment into place and test it .
A top kill has worked on aboveground oil wells in Kuwait and Iraq but has never before been attempted so far underwater .
Suttles said the biggest technical challenge is that the fluid must be pumped in very quickly , and engineers need to make sure it goes into the well , not out through the leaking pipe , which could make the leak worse .
A containment device is on the seafloor , ready to be put in place if the top kill fails or makes the leak worse .
It is a smaller version of a 100 - ton box that BP lowered several weeks ago in hopes of capturing much of the oil .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
BRITISH PRIME
Minister David Cameron has ordered major cuts in the use of chauffeur - driven cars by government ministers , ordering them to take public transport where possible and to leave confidential papers in the office .
Under new rules published yesterday , ministers have been told they will be able to use the cars for official business and for journeys home , but only if they are within a reasonable distance of London .
Such use is permissible , the code went on , “ on the understanding that they would normally be carrying classified papers on which they would be working .
Where practicable , ministers are encouraged to use public transport .
“ The number of ministers with allocated cars and drivers will be kept to a minimum , taking into account security and other relevant considerations .
Other ministers will be entitled to use cars from the government car service pool as needed . ”
Most ministers , certainly of junior rank , do not have full - time , permanent drivers and instead make use of the car pool , which has 80 vehicles at its disposal and costs £ 10 million ( €11.5 million ) a year to run .
“ We must be different in how we think and how we behave .
We must be different from what has gone before us .
Careful with public money .
Transparent about what we do , ” the prime minister declared .
Ministers will not be permitted to bring special advisers on trips abroad , unless sanctioned by a top civil servant , while air miles collected from official travel will have to be used for future official travel .
Meanwhile , Mr Cameron ’s coalition team have been appointed on condition that they accept they will not lobby any element of the national or local government on behalf of business clients for two years after they step down .
Ministers must not accept any gift or hospitality “ which might , or might reasonably appear to , compromise their judgment or place them under an improper obligation ” , and they must declare anything worth more than £ 140 .
Fringe has been a wild ride so far .
Like any good sci - fi show , it plays with impossibilities and takes us to the land of " What If ? "
But the show also gives us a heavy dose of science gone wrong , and when things go bad in the Fringe world , truly freaky events occur .
Sometimes they 're gross , sometimes they 're odd , and at other times they 're disturbing enough to make your skin crawl , and maybe make you leave a little light on before you go to bed .
Here 's our list of the sickest , craziest , most unsettling Fringe moments so far .
Melting Faces
Episode : Pilot
The series did n't waste any time getting into the oddness .
In the very first scenes of the pilot episode , the show gets gross , setting the tone for what was to come in the rest of the series .
It all started on Flight 627 , from Hamburg to Boston , flying through a thunderstorm .
The passengers inside were already unsettled by the lightning , when one particular passenger starts to freak out .
Just a case of flying jitters ?
Nope , it 's far more gruesome than that .
The sweaty fellow pulls out an insulin pen and injects himself in the stomach .
Moments later , the dude jumps out of his seat , and his skin bubbles and liquefies off like molten caramel .
As if that were n't bad enough , the guy 's condition is highly contagious , and it quickly spreads to everyone else on the plane , causing their skin and muscles to literally melt from their bones .
Brain Melting & The Hand of Light
Episode : The No-Brainer
Seventeen - year - old Gregory Wiles is working at his computer , when a mysterious window pops up on his screen , prompting him to click a button .
Like an idiot , the kid actually clicks it ( have n't we all seen enough viruses and malware to know better ? ) .
Strange images start to flash on his screen , and the boy is drawn into a kind of hypnotic state .
Then something begins to protrude from computer the screen — a hand made of light .
The shining appendage slowly reaches forward and grabs poor Gregory in a face lock .
So Greg ends up dead , and the Fringe team is called in to investigate .
In the lab , Walter drills a hole in Gregory 's head and drains his brain pan of the gooey liquid inside .
Walter finds that Gregory 's brain was liquefied , but he 's not quite sure how .
He does , however , have an hypothesis that perhaps young Gregory may have contracted an advanced form of syphilis that baked his brain .
The true culprit ?
A computer program that produces a series of images that rots your brain , kinda like YouTube .
Impromptu Brain Surgery
Episode : Grey Matters
The Fringe writers seem to have a thing for brains .
After giving us the previously mentioned episode full of brain juice , they came up with a story all about swapping brain pieces .
The episode opens with a mental patient undergoing involuntary and hastily performed brain surgery at the hands of Thomas Jerome Newton .
While Newton gets the brain piece he came for , he does n't have time to close up the poor guy ( one wonders if he would have bothered even if he had the time ) .
Newton 's quick escape leaves the patient with his brain hanging out of the back of his head , while he 's still awake .
Innovative Throat Slitting
Episode : The Dreamscape
This episode was really more about nightmares than dreams .
It featured drugs with psychophysiologic effects , which basically means the ability of the mind to create physical effects in the body .
Some clever folks were using these drugs to kill people , including Mark Young , a Massive Dynamic employee who died from a massive freakout because of butterflies with razor - sharp wings that cut him .
The butterflies were n't real , of course , he just imagined them .
But his brain made the cuts real .
This all culminates in the death of a captured informant , Morales , who gets slipped the drug while being held in a hospital .
A nurse walks in to check on him , only to see Morales ' throat slitting itself , opening from the inside out .
It 's one of the odder moments from early days of the series , and it certainly took some kind of macabre genius to think that up .
History offers only two models for the integration of different countries , with competing national interests and rival strategic ambitions , into a single , unified economic and political system .
There is conquest and there is the European Union .
Some of the EU 's more hysterical critics do n't see much difference between the two .
But in reality , there is something superb in the agreement by European nations to set aside centuries of slaughter , and create a single marketplace whose rules are decided by collaboration and compromise .
It is the only miracle ever performed by committee .
That , in essence , is the European Idea .
It is not a destination but a trajectory – from atavistic nationalism to co-operative internationalism .
The assumption has been that " ever - closer union " , as mandated by the 1957 Treaty of Rome , must be desirable because the alternative would be a relapse into ever - wider disunion , a path forbidden by atrocious history .
So the crisis currently afflicting the euro is not just financial , it is existential .
Never before has one of the EU 's grand projects looked so close to going into reverse .
Greece , whose bodge - job finances triggered the crisis , might well be forced to negotiate an exit from the euro .
Diplomats , economists and politicians who dismissed that scenario as too complex and too destabilising a few months ago now debate the detail of how it might work .
Rarely has the unthinkable so quickly become the thought .
That does n't mean the single currency is doomed .
Last week , eurozone finance ministers gambled hundreds of billions in bailout funds that it is not .
But alongside the financial turmoil is a growing political crisis and it afflicts not just the euro but the whole European project .
EU governments are used to disagreements over economic co-operation , but they were totally unprepared for the vast financial transfers – bank bailouts , fiscal stimulus , emergency loans – that were required in the last two years to avert economic meltdown .
It has been especially difficult for Germany , which has observed stricter budget discipline than many of its more wastrel neighbours , and resents being tapped up to rescue them .
The mood among many Germans was summarised by a recent headline in Bild , the country 's most popular newspaper , bemoaning that the euro bailout made the nation " the suckers of Europe again " .
That expresses the natural resentment that taxpayers ' money is going to subsidise unsustainable public sector jobs for Greeks who have lived way beyond their means , when there are plenty of needy Germans who have n't .
But the fact that such frustration is readily vented also reflects a cultural change in Germany 's relationship with the rest of Europe .
For most of the second half of the 20th century , West Germany integrated itself with its neighbours in a spirit of repentance for the Second World War .
The ideal of European economic unification was a way to pursue national ambitions , but stripped of toxic notions of Teutonic pre-eminence .
There is only so long that any country , whatever the crimes of its past , can sustain an economic and foreign policy characterised by atonement .
For Germany , that limit has been reached .
Germany is not about to turn Eurosceptic on the petulant British model .
If anything , Berlin will now press ahead with deeper integration inside the eurozone , but on its own terms , with stricter rules , more rigorously enforced .
That , according to German finance minister Wolfgang Schäuble , " naturally means a bit of federalism in the German sense of federal " .
The UK will never sign up to that , but it is n't in the euro anyway .
France is , but Paris prefers European integration when it creates institutions that are more Gallic - looking .
In fact , most member states will bridle at the idea that the EU should form an inner core designed by the Bundesbank .
So there will now be period of dense technical negotiation , beset by national rivalries and acrimonious diplomacy .
It is hard to overstate how disastrous that is for the European project .
It guarantees that the one thing Brussels will fail to do is act with a unity of purpose in dealings with the rest of the world .
The hope of being able to do just that was the only thing that sustained the EU through its last crisis – the gruesome ratification of the Lisbon treaty .
That process , in which European leaders haggled with their electorates in a series of bizarre referendums , reinforced every conceivable prejudice about the contempt of European elites for popular opinion .
It was justified by the expectation that , once the new reforms were in place , the EU might begin to legitimise itself by its good deeds in the world .
Together , European governments would constitute a superpower , ready to deal on equal terms with the US and to check the flight of economic power eastwards , to China and India .
The European Idea would be rejuvenated because citizens would start to witness the benefits of integration as Brussels set the global agenda on climate change , financial regulation , human rights , world peace .
There was no plan B .
A neat summary of plan A is contained in the recent findings of the Reflection Group , a team of distinguished business leaders , academics and elder statesmen commissioned by European governments to consider the strategic challenges on the horizon .
Their report , published two weeks ago , talked about reconnecting the EU with its citizens , investing in skills , a " new industrial revolution " ( green , naturally ) , speaking with one voice in the world .
The group warns that " the choice for the EU is clear : reform or decline " .
That is too optimistic .
Reform is what the EU has always done .
Perpetual , incomprehensible reform is one reason why many Europeans do n't like the EU and do n't know any longer what it is for .
The point of the Lisbon treaty was that it should be the reform to end all reforms .
And just when the EU most needs to move on from arcane debate about its structures and start actually doing things , it is plunged into the worst crisis of internal cohesion in its history .
The EU will continue to muddle through , but the credit crunch has buried the European Idea .
The moral authority contained in the vast achievement of binding Europe 's bellicose tribes into peaceful collaboration is spent .
There will be no 21st - century European superpower , just a bunch of middle - sized ex-powers arguing over a dwindling pot of devalued money .
Reform or decline ?
Europe will do both .
Coffee Lovers
Right now Ray is holding down the fort , Raf is conquering new lands , and Will is playing Godzilla in NYC .
Alt - Text : No ......
You do n't like chocolate .
Another parent was equally appalled : “ I think the girls felt like they were getting targeted , that this was some big game .
Talk about using people .
It does n’t get much worse than that . ”
Image Credit ... Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
Landon is where the sons of many prominent members of the community are sent to learn “ the code of character , ” where “ a Landon man ” is part of a “ true Brotherhood ” and is known for his good word , respect and honesty .
The school ’s Web site boasts about the Landon Civility Code ; boys are expected to “ work together to eliminate all forms of disrespect ” and “ respect one another and our surroundings in our decorum , appearance , and interactions . ”
The Washington suburban community of private school parents has also been reeling this spring from the tragedy involving former Landon student George Huguely V , a scion of the family that owned the lumber business that helped build the nation ’s capital .
Huguely , who was a University of Virginia lacrosse player , was charged in the brutal death of his sometime girlfriend , Yeardley Love , a lacrosse player on the university ’s women ’s team who also hailed from Maryland .
The lovely young woman ’s door was kicked in and her head was smashed over and over into the wall .
The awful crime , chronicled on the cover of People with the headline “ Could She Have Been Saved ? , ” raised haunting questions about why Huguely had not already been reported to authorities , even though other lacrosse players had seen him choke Love at a party and his circle knew that the athlete had attacked a sleeping teammate whom he suspected had kissed Love .
Huguely had also been so out - of - control drunk , angry and racially abusive with a policewoman in 2008 that she had to Taser him .
In The Washington Post , the sports columnist Sally Jenkins wrote about the swagger of young male athletes and the culture of silence that protects their thuggish locker - room behavior .
“ His teammates and friends , the ones who watched him smash up windows and bottles and heard him rant about Love , ” she wrote .
“ Why did n’t they turn him in ? ...
Why did they not treat Yeardley Love as their teammate , too ? ”
Hackage GSoC status for the 3/7ths mark
A week and a half ago I talked about how the new Hackage server is internally structured .
What I ’d like to communicate now , to commemorate the Google Summer of Code coding period being exactly 3/7ths of the way through ( 36 days down , 48 to go ) , is more of a status report than anything else .
( Granted , 3/7ths marks would be more significant if we used base 7 numbers . )
I spent last week on a feature - implementing spree .
With an emphasis on “ spree ” , and none on doing - anything - else - or - even - leaving - the - house .
So I spent the weekend regenerating , and I think it ’s time I reflected on how I ’ve been doing .
The original schedule
When I applied to do the Hackage for Summer of Code , I included a tentative schedule .
I have not strictly followed it so far , though I did n’t quite expect to .
Here ’s why .
1. 2 weeks .
Become familiar with codebase and add documentation to declarations as I understand them .
Find functionality not in the old server and not covered by the coming weeks and fully port it .
Do the same for items in the hackage - server TODO list .
I did n’t anticipate all of the restructuring that needed to be done , thinking I could mostly append rather than modify .
Well , I have substantially altered the already - great codebase into a modular form I ’m pretty happy with , but it nonetheless takes a long time to do so when you ’re starting with a 10,000 - line codebase developed over 2 years ( now it ’s around 12,000 lines ) .
The old server is mostly fully ported , although it was n’t done within the space of these two weeks .
2. 1.5 weeks .
Get build reports to display and gather useful information : already partially implemented .
Use this feature as an opportunity to become even more comfortable refactoring and enhancing the hackage - server source .
Non-anonymous build reports are essentially complete .
Anonymous ones are a bundle of privacy pitfalls , so we ’ll have them as separate feature , using a variant on the data structure currently used to house per-package reports .
The idea is to publish them to everyone but do so in a way that mostly eliminates identification or cross-referencing .
More on this below .
3. 1.5 weeks .
Get user accounts and settings working , writing a system for web forms , both the dynamic JavaScript kind and static kind .
Use this system to get package configurating [ sic ] settings editable by both package maintainers and Hackage administrators .
I ’ve written precious little HTML and no JavaScript , instead using curl to prod the server and setting up an Arch VM to ensure compliance with the current ( soon to be old ? ) cabal - install .
User accounts , digest authentication , and user groups — essentially access control lists — are all here .
Most of this information is served in text / plain at the moment .
Given that the new server will probably require a redesign by more design - minded Haskellers , I ’d rather keep everything minimalistic for the time being .
As I mentioned last post , I think the server architecture has a good separation of model and view .
4. 1 week .
If a viable solutions for changelogs comes up by this point , I ’ll implement it here .
This might be as simple as a ./ changelog file with a simple prescribed format .
That ’s this week !
At least 100 packages on Hackage already have changelogs .
Of those , about two dozen are named changelog.md ( they use markdown fix / feature structure , which git uses ) .
The rest have whichever format the author chose , and these formats are all over the place .
Some use darcs changes , which is too fine - grained for Hackage .
All this is a too non-uniform for an automatic uniform interface .
One approach that I can probably code up in a day or two is to have a changelog editable on Hackage .
It could be inputted on upload and possibly edited afterwards by maintainers .
Otherwise , I ’ll leave this one until “ a viable solution for changelogs comes up ” .
What ’s been done
All of the features I listed in the last blog post have been implemented , although not all of it ’s exposed through HTML .
Brief descriptions of them are there .
The most interesting one , also proving to be the most challenging , is the candidate packages feature , which an enhanced version of the check - pkg CGI script .
Here ’s what you can do with it .
/ packages / candidates / : see the list of candidate packages .
POST here to upload a candidate package ; candidates for existing packages can only be added by maintainers .
/ package / {package} / candidate : see a preview package page for a candidate tarball , with any warnings or errors that would prevent putting it in the main index
/ package / {package} / candidate / publish : POST here to put the package in the main index .
It has to be a later version than the latest current existing under the name , and only maintainers can do this .
If no package exists under the name , these restrictions do n’t apply .
/ package/{package}/ candidate / {cabal} : get the cabal file for this package
/ package / {package} / candidate / {tarball} : get the tarball
In the immediate future
I ’d like to get the newer server ready for running on sparky by the end of the week .
It does n’t yet look very different from the current Hackage in terms of what web browsers can access .
Currently there are four ways to start up the server .
The first is to initialize it on a blank slate and go from there with hackage - server -- initialise .
Second , you can start it normally with an existing dataset stored by happstack - state , just hackage - server .
Otherwise , you can import from an existing source .
You can import mostly everything from the old Hackage server , as I described in my first post .
Alternatively , you can initialize it from a single backup tarball produced by the server .
I ’d like to revamp the interface to make it easier to deploy .
Instead of importing directly from old sources , there ’s going to be an auxiliary mode to convert legacy data into a newer backup tarball .
Then , the new tarball can be imported directly .
I have n’t had any backup tarballs on hand to test the newer import / export system , though it compiles .
This is next on the todo list .
Some features that I ’d like to get done soon are uploading documentation and implementing deprecation .
Deprecated packages might still be needed as dependencies , so they ’re kept around and will probably go in the index tarball , but they wo n’t be highly visible on any of the HTML pages .
Currently documentation will be implemented by uploading tarballs .
This is compatible with the current solution , which is to have a dedicated build client .
It would be easier to have users upload their own docs , and not have to deal with the build client not being able to do so .
This would be simple if .haddock files provided everything neessary for generating HTML docs and linking them with hscolour pages .
I ’m not sure if this is the case .
Holding onto . haddock files also makes documentation statistics a lot easier .
For now , documentation tarball upload is the route I ’m taking .
Another nice feature would be serving directly from package tarballs , preferrably without having to store them in memory or unpack them on the server filesystem .
Like the documentation feature , it would use a data structure defined in the hackage - server source : a TarIndexMap .
Given a file path , it can efficiently give you the byte offset of the tar entry where that file is stored , and from that retrieve the file directly .
There are some downsides here .
First , package tarballs are not .tar but .tar.gz , so this might more - than - double the amount of storage required , which unpacking would do anyway .
Second , the TarIndexMap of every single package tarball would be kept in memory , although this uses an efficient trie structure , so it ’s not so bad .
There are also some internal server design challenges , which I ’ll describe in the next two paragraphs ; skip them if you like .
One of them is making URI generation less clunky .
Every resource provides enough information to generate its canonical URI given an association list of string pairs .
However , this requires passing around the resource itself , which also contains the server function and other things .
I ’m considering making a global map that , given the string name of a resource , gives a URI - generating function , which means either passing this mapping to every single server function or setting up a ReaderT monad around Happstack ’s ServerPartT .
The other issue is that a URI is not guaranteed ; it ’s wrapped in a Maybe , since this system does n’t provide the type safety guarantees of libraries like web - routes : it ’s ‘ stringly typed ’ .
In addition , user groups are currently totally decentralized , but perhaps they could use some more coordination .
The MediaWiki system of having a global mapping for which groups are allowed to execute which permissions is pretty good , though in a typical PHP manner , it uses strings to do this .
It might be better for each type of group to list what permissions it can do , rather than having this check in code itself , but again this might require passing this mapping to every single server function .
Memory and performance
I ’ve done some rudimentary statistics - gathering , but much more will need to be done soon .
For instance , importing from the old Hackage server causes the memory used by the server to reach around 700MB and stay there ( any memory allocated by GHC always stays there ) , and this is only for the current tarball versions .
However , this is only needed for initialization , as I mentioned I plan on making a separate mode for legacy import .
By contrast , starting up the server with the current set of package versions occupies 390 MB of memory , although only 148 MB is used by the RTS at any given time .
When initializing the server in this mode , 40 % of the CPU time is used on garbage collection , but things seem reasonably stable afterwards .
The directory storage with the current tarball versions occupies 130 MB disk space , and the happstack - state database is just 17 MB .
This database is pretty small comparatively , likely because it does n’t include the parsed PackageDescription data structure , which contains lots of fields and lots of strings .
In general , I think I need some modifications to ensure that GHC is n’t too heap - hungry , I suspect .
Heap profiling has proven suspect thus far , since apparently the sever has a special affinitify for ghc - prim : GHC.
Types . : , and if I ’m reading it right I find it somewhat hard to believe that over 90 % of the sever ’s memory is used on cons cells .
On the other hand , maybe there are that many String s and [ Dependency ] s. I think later on I ’ll be asking the advice of some more senior Haskell hackers to keep memory usage down , even if one of the selling points of Happstack is that all data ’s in memory .
( Not entirely true here : the blob storage is used for package tarballs . )
In the eventual future
Build reports are a must - do , and at present authenticated clients can submit build reports and build logs .
Anonymous reports are tricky though ( but still immensely useful ) , and I know many of you guys would n’t submit reports without them .
Statistics need to be done as well ; how to take a large amount of these :
package : cabal - install - 0.6.2 os : linux arch : i386 compiler : ghc - 6.10.4 client : cabal- install -0.6.0 flags : - bytestring - in- base -old- base dependencies : Cabal - 1.6.0.3 HTTP -4000.0.8 [...] install - outcome : DependencyFailed zlib-0.5.2.0 docs-outcome : NotTried tests - outcome : NotTried
and tell you something useful about them .
Perhaps it could tell you that the above report is not recent .
Also , a solution for systematic client - side and server - side caching of HTML has n’t come up yet , if this is in the cards at all .
Making an ETag - generating function is not a simple matter , particularly when multiple representations of the same resource are served in multiple formats at multiple URIs ( sadly , I ca n’t rely solely on the Accept header , because browser implementers seemingly read RFCs highlighted with black markers ) .
Finally , there ’s no clear procedure for migrating data , and I ’m still not fully familiar with Happstack state ’s data versioning system .
Apparently both data types need to exist at the same time , and then the old one can be discarded .
I could probably write a startup mode for this .
The most eventual of future elements is more shiny features .
This future will extend beyond this summer , so while some individual features might deserve Summer of Code projects in their own right , I ’ll try to knock out as many of the others as possible .
Let the other 4/7ths begin !
Image caption Beta Pictoris b is located in the constellation of Pictor
Astronomers say they have followed , for the first time , an extra - solar planet in orbit around a young white star .
The team used the European Southern Observatory 's Very Large Telescope ( VLT ) in Chile to track the motion of a gas giant Beta Pictoris b.
The planet 's " sun " is also believed to be the youngest star to host a planet .
The find shows that Jupiter - like giants can form near stars in much shorter time - spans than previously thought , the scientists report in Science journal .
Astronomers have so far spotted some 450 extra-solar planets ( exoplanets ) .
But Beta Pictoris b , a gas giant about nine times the mass of Jupiter , is one of only a few to be detected by direct imaging .
It has the smallest orbit of all exoplanets that have been directly imaged so far .
It is also the youngest of them , a co-author of the study , Dr Markus Kasper from the European Southern Observatory , told BBC News .
Its host star , which is also called Beta Pictoris , is very young as well , he said .
It is believed to be around 12 million years old , less than three - thousandths of the age of our Sun .
The recent direct images of exoplanets illustrate the diversity of planetary systems Dr Anne - Marie Lagrange , Universite Joseph Fourier
The new find is located at a distance of 8 - 15 AU ( Astronomical Units ) from its parent star - equivalent to the distance of Saturn from the Sun .
This means the scientists should be able to record its full orbit within 15 - 20 years , said a co-author of the study Mickael Bonnefoy , a student researcher from the University Joseph Fourier in Grenoble , France .
" Further studies of Beta Pictoris b will provide invaluable insights into the physics and chemistry of a young giant planet 's atmosphere . "
First images
The exoplanet 's star is some 60 light - years from Earth , in the constellation of Pictor .
Surrounding it is a debris disc - a dusty gas - rich disc composed of tiny particles that mainly come from collisions of comets with the star .
The team leader Dr Anne - Maris Lagrange from the University Joseph Fourier said astronomers had suspected there was a planet in the disc long before she set out to produce the proof .
She and her team noticed a warp in the disc , a secondary inclined disc and comets close to the star .
Image caption Astronomers observed the planet with the Very Large Telescope in Chile
" Those were indirect , but tell - tale signs that strongly suggested the presence of a massive planet , and our new observations now definitively prove this , " she said .
The latest results also show that gas giant planets form rapidly within disks - a lot faster than previously assumed .
" The presence of an exoplanet around Beta Pic proves that [ gas giants ] of about nine Jupiter masses form on a time scale of 10 to 12 million years - very early in the formation of the stars themselves , " said Dr Kasper .
The first images of a point - like source in the star 's debris disc were obtained back in 2003 , but the data was not sufficient to confirm that it was indeed a planet .
The astronomers used the ultra-precise NaCo instrument of the European Southern Observatory 's Very Large Telescope in Chile to take more pictures of the disc in 2008 and early 2009 - only to find that the source had disappeared .
It " re-emerged " several months later - on the other side of the disc .
The astronomers then concluded that the " source " was indeed a new giant gas planet bound to Beta Pictoris .
It was not visible during the earlier observations simply because of its constant orbital movement - it was hiding either behind its sun or in its glare in front of it .
Important results
Dr Lagrange said the results of the research gave vital clues about the formation of gas giants , both in our Solar System and beyond .
" The recent direct images of exoplanets … illustrate the diversity of planetary systems , " she said .
" Among those , Beta Pictoris b is the most promising case of a planet that could have formed in the same way as the giant planets in our Solar System . "
Advanced Search Search Terms : Search the Open Source Physics Collection Search all comPADRE Collections Limit Returned Materials : Category : No Preference Compiled Simulation Curriculum Modeling Programming Tools OSP Type : No Preference EJSS Model EJS Model Java Model Tracker Video Model Source Code Instructional Material Documentation General Subject : Astronomy Classical Mechanics Education Foundations Education Practices Electricity & Magnetism Fluid Mechanics General Physics Mathematical Tools Modern Physics Optics Oscillations & Waves Other Sciences Quantum Physics Relativity Thermo & Stat Mech Specific Subject : Subject Detail : Cost : No Preference yes no Resource Type : No Preference Teaching Resources Learning Activities Student Resources A/V Materials Community and Events Tools and Datasets Reference Materials Collections Target Level : Informal Education ( PUBLIC )
Elementary School ( K - 4 )
Middle School ( 5 -8 )
High School ( 9 - 12 )
Lower Undergraduate ( LLUG )
Upper Undergraduate ( ULUG )
Graduate / Professional ( GRAD )
Professional Development ( Professional Development )
Target Role : Learner
Educator
Researcher
Professional / Practitioner
Administrator
General Public
Parent / Guardian
Image caption People with anorexia have a distorted body image
The brain naturally distorts body image - a finding which could explain eating disorders like anorexia , say experts .
Scientists at University College London discovered people tend to think that their hands are wider and their fingers are shorter than they truly are .
They say the confusion may lie in the way the brain receives information from different parts of the body .
Distorted perception may dominate in some people , leading to body image problems , a US journal reports .
Lead researcher Dr Matthew Longo said : " These findings may well be relevant to psychiatric conditions involving body image such as anorexia nervosa , as there may be a general bias towards perceiving the body to be wider than it is .
" Our results show dramatic distortions of hand shape , which were highly consistent across participants . "
We know that one of the features of anorexia nervosa can be distorted body image Susan Ringwood , Chief executive of Beat charity
In the study in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , Dr Longo 's team asked 18 volunteers to take part in an experiment .
The volunteers were asked to put their left hands palm down under a board and judge the location of the covered hand 's knuckles and fingertips with a pointer .
This revealed striking distortions - the volunteers tended to misjudge their hands as wider and their fingers as shorter than they actually were .
The researchers say the distortions are subconscious and involve the ability known as position sense that the brain uses to know where all parts of the body are in space even when the eyes are closed .
' Biological explanation '
Dr Longo said : " Of course we know what our hand really looks like , and our participants were very accurate picking out a photo of their own hand from a set of photos with various distortions of hand shape .
" So there is clearly a conscious visual image of the body as well .
But that visual image seems not to be used for position sense . "
Susan Ringwood , chief executive of the eating disorders charity Beat , said : " We know that one of the features of anorexia nervosa can be distorted body image .
" People affected can truly believe that they are grossly fat , even when they are dangerously underweight .
" They are able to judge other people 's bodies quite accurately and would describe someone else the same size as themselves correctly , but still not be able to do that about their own weight and shape .
" This brain study may give some insight into how this could be possible , and could be very motivating for people with eating disorders to know that there was a biological explanation for their experiences , rather than feeling it was their fault . "
The Official Xbox Magazine got the first look at 2 K 's upcoming XCOM title this month , with the first details on the game revealing that there 's cause for both hope and concern among fans of the original 's strategic twist .
Advertisement
X - Com Is Back !
X - Com , the classic 90's turn - based strategy game pitting mankind against alien invaders , is set to …
Read more
The causes for hope ?
As promised when first revealed , there is some element of research and strategic planning to be had , with researchers and engineers working on new weapons and a choice of missions on offer that come and go in real - time , meaning the game 's outcome will vary depending on which ones you choose and complete .
Advertisement
And the causes for concern ?
Well , the report makes it sound like your actual input on things like research is minimal , while the missions you can choose sound pre-programmed , and not the result of your active measures in combating the alien menace .
Worse still is the suggestion that , at the time of the playthrough , while you had allies in the field with you as part of a promised " tactical " throwback to the original games , you could n't actually issue any commands to them .
The other key take - away from the piece is that , story - wise , this is n't your Grandfather 's X - Com , your Air Force base , FBI credentials and retro aesthetic a world away from the sci- fi trappings of Enemy unknown and Terror From The Deep .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Head below for a summary of the entire thing , which we 'll point out now , is a game still in development ( so stuff can change ! ) .
It 's all sounding pretty great as a new game .
But as an X - Com game ?
I 'm beginning to have my doubts .
Advertisement
XCOM [ OXM , via NeoGAF ]
There 's something about an old video game that does a body good .
The 16 - color graphics , the 8 - bit sound — something about it conjures memories of simpler times , when joysticks seemed larger because our hands were still small , and a dollar seemed like a heck of a lot more money than it does right now .
Allow us to take you on a vintage voyage with a time machine of links , if you will .
Here are ten computer and arcade games we all know and love that you can now play online and free of charge .
If you 're of a certain age , you probably played these games while waiting for your mom to finish grocery shopping .
Or they might have been on your very first video game console .
We hope you remember them fondly and enjoy playing them again .
The original Donkey Kong arcade game is the stuff of legends .
A recent documentary about hardcore Kong players , The King of Kong : A Fistful of Quarters , follows a group of dudes who are all competing against one another for the Donkey Kong world record high score .
It 's intense stuff .
The game they played was the 1981 Nintendo release that features " Jumpman , " the tiny character dodging Kong 's barrels , who would later become , none other than the infamous man in red overalls , Mario .
This 1984 classic was the first video game I ever played .
It came on these wild contraptions called floppy disks .
This prototypical adventure game required hours of fun using green - and - white - striped printer paper to map out the various screens of the game .
The original King 's Quest spawned an entire series that followed the evolution of computer games over the years , culminating with King 's Quest : Mask of Eternity , which was released in 1998 .
Still , for my money , you can't beat the original .
There was n't a kid on the block who did n't go bananas over Super Mario Bros .
when this game came out with the Nintendo Entertainment System console .
We had been playing " regular " Mario Bros. in the arcades since 1983 .
Now Super Mario was packaged with the " regular " NES along with Duck Hunt in 1985 .
What made the Mario Bros. suddenly super was somewhat confusing for a 7 - year - old , especially considering the Super Nintendo Entertainment System was n't released until the 1990s .
Whatever , they were all super in my book .
Asteroids was released by Atari in 1979 as an arcade game and was later ported to the 2600 , a seminal system that was launched in 1977 .
Last summer we heard that Universal Studios has secured the rights to make a movie out of the game .
If you 've ever played Asteroids , you know the plot might be a bit lacking for Hollywood .
Still , the game was groundbreaking and addictive in its time , spawning a slew of knockoffs and sequels .
We 're recommending you try this OG Asteroids clone , if only for the astounding and hilarious sound design .
Nintendo's Zelda series is one of the greatest successes in video game history .
To date , the Zelda games have sold more than 59 million copies worldwide .
U.S. gamers originally got The Legend of Zelda as an NES cartridge game in 1987 .
One of the more interesting aspects of the game is that it combines elements of RPGs , puzzles , " exploration " games and action / battle games .
This 1980 Atari arcade shooter is a fan favorite and a true perennial .
The concept is simple ; the game lets players defend six cities from an infinite volley of ballistic missiles .
It 's essentially a losing battle , as all the cities are eventually destroyed .
Players simply rack up points as the speed increases .
Missile Command was ported to the 2600 and remained immensely popular as an arcade game until the 1990s .
In later years , the game also morphed into 3D and hi-def spinoffs as well .
Then there 's the granddaddy of them all , Pong .
Pong was one of the first video games ever created , and almost forty years after its debut , it still charms us with its simplicity .
Pong came out as a cabinet arcade game in 1972 and was ported as " Home Pong " in 1974 — this was a single - game console , mind you .
The game was a huge success for maker Atari , who had to design a special chip just for the console .
At the time , it was the highest - performing chip available in any consumer product .
Centipede , Atari's 1980 shooter , was a hugely successful arcade game and was also ported to the Atari 2600 , 5600 , and other Atari systems .
It was followed in 1982 by the slightly less successful Millipede .
It 's interesting to note that one of Centipede 's two designers was a woman , Dona Bailey , and the game was the first to grab a significant amount of female players .
Whether you were the kid who sat mere inches from the screen with Nintendo 's plastic " gun " controller or you preferred a more challenging approach , you know you loved Duck Hunt .
The 1984 version of this game came bundled with Super Mario Bros. in the NES package .
Previously , it had been a game for Nintendo's Laser Clay Shooting System , a 1973 home entertainment product that predated Nintendo 's video game offerings .
You can't discuss vintage video games without mentioning Pac - Man .
The Pac - Man brand is the single most recognizable name in the industry .
When Pac - Man debuted in 1980 , most of the arcade games out there were space - themed shooters or Pong - like sports games .
Pac - Man was the first face , and the first real character in gaming .
It also set the stage for " casual game " models that would appeal to both sexes .
Pac - Man gave way to a herd of sequels , clones and spin - offs , but none were more popular than Ms. Pac - Man , a 1981 version that some diehard Pac - Man fans even prefer over the original .
The game was ported to the Atari 2600 with moderate success , but many folks still enjoy playing the arcade game .
Word on the street is that a Japanese game manufacturer might be rolling out a touchscreen version of Pac - Man for the iPad soon .
While conducting research for this post , we also came across a rad SNES emulator , a clearinghouse of old arcade games online and this excellent Atari site , with games such as Lunar Lander , Yars ' Revenge and Gravitar .
What great games did we miss ?
Be sure to share them with us in the comments , along with a link to where we can play them online .
For more technology coverage , follow Mashable Tech on Twitter or become a fan on Facebook
More video game resources from Mashable :
[img credit : headexplodie , gray_um , gamerscore , lenore - m ]
Pro-choice euthanasia information and lobbying group Exit International has started holding what it describes as ‘ hacking masterclasses ’ to show seniors how they can circumvent the Federal Government ’s planned internet filter and access practical information on euthanasia .
Exit International was founded by controversial Australian doctor Philip Nitschke and conducts a number of activities aimed at providing information around what it sees as seriously ill patients ’ right to end their own life .
In a statement on its site , the group outlined the classes , saying they would be led by “ one of the country ’s leading young IT gurus ” — Newcastle ’s David Campbell .
The first event was held on April 1 .
“ The masterclass was prompted by the reported inclusion of Exit International websites ( www.peacefulpill.com) on the Government ’s secret blacklist of banned websites .
The Clean Feed policy will see older Australians denied access to current end of life information , ” the site states .
“ To ensure that elderly Australians can continue to receive this important information after the Federal Government ’s censorship takes effect , the masterclass is intended to provide plain language targeted for Seniors . ”
A spokesperson for Communications Minister Stephen Conroy said discussion about euthanasia was not content that would be deemed Refused Classification under the proposed filtering scheme .
However , they noted that Nitscke ’s book The Peaceful Pill was found to be Refused Classification because “ it provided detailed instruction in crimes relating to the possession , manufacture and importation of barbiturates ” .
“ As a result this book can not be bought or sold in Australia and it cannot be brought into Australia .
The URL therefore for accessing an electronic version of the book was classified as Refused Classification , ” they added .
However , Conroy ’s spokesperson also noted that under the Federal Government ’s policy it would not be an offence to circumvent the filtering measures or to show someone how to circumvent them — which testing laboratory Enex had noted was a possibility for technically competent people , in its report on filtering technologies handed down last year .
The news comes as the Opposition has again delayed promoting a view for or against the filter legislation , which has not yet entered Federal Parliament .
On the ABC ’s Q&A TV show last night , Opposition leader Tony Abbott said while he wanted to see protections in place for children using the he did n’t want to see the net destroyed by a filtering system which did n’t work .
Shadow Communications Minister Tony Smith has previously stated the Opposition would wait until it saw the actual filter legislation before pushing its own concrete view on the matter .
Image credit : Exit International
GREENWICH , N.Y. 
Outside the kill room at the Garden of Spices , a band of little boys played by a parked truck .
Between giggles , they kept a curious eye on the open room .
Inside , a half - dozen visitors surrounded their father , Ben Shaw , as he grasped a chicken .
Mr. Shaw spoke slowly : Grab both feet and turn the chicken upside down .
Get control of the wings .
Stretch the neck tight and taut the skin to help the cut .
Then , he swiftly slit the chicken ’s neck .
The visitors watched  serious , silent , some pale and grim as blood sprayed the wall below .
It would be their turn next .
Since Farm Camp began last fall , scores of food professionals from New York City  including the chefs at Jean Georges and Savoy , the food writer Betty Fussell and a former investment banker now working with sustainable farms  have trekked 200 miles upstate to learn skills like how to slaughter chickens at farms across Washington County .
Instead of swimming holes , these adult campers slosh through the muck beside manure lagoons .
They hold piglets during castration procedures and hike at night  not to study constellations but to choose fowl for supper .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Backbench MP Diane Abbott has joined the race for the Labour leadership .
The Londoner told the BBC her bid was " serious " , saying there was little between the other candidates , who " all look the same " .
The 57 - year - old Cambridge graduate , who became the UK's first black woman MP in 1987 , said she was getting support from female and left - leaning colleagues .
She is the sixth person to enter the race after David and Ed Miliband , John McDonnell , Ed Balls and Andy Burnham .
Contenders have until Thursday 27 May to gather the backing of 33 Labour MPs - a timetable some have said is too tight , particularly for less high - profile candidates .
' If not me , who ? '
Ms Abbott , the Hackney North and Stoke Newington MP , who in recent years has been a fixture on the BBC's This Week programme , said : " So many people have asked me to stand .
" The other candidates are all nice and would make good leaders of the Labour Party but they all look the same .
..
We cannot be offering a slate of candidates who all look the same .
The Labour Party 's much more diverse than that . "
She added : " I looked at the field and said ' If not now , when ? '
And ' If not me , who ? ' "
Ms Abbott said : " It 's important that we recapture the civil liberties agenda from the Tories and the Lib Dems .
" It 's important that we re-energise the party and bring democracy back to the party .
" We need a proper debate on immigration , where children of immigrants like me also have a voice . "
Ms Abbott said she wanted a " proper debate " on tackling the budget deficit and whether this should be achieved by raising taxes or cutting spending .
At the general election , she increased her constituency majority to 14,461 , with a swing to Labour from the Liberal Democrats .
Former Health Secretary Andy Burnham , 40 , announced his intention to stand for leader and " rebuild the party for new times " in an article for Thursday 's Daily Mirror newspaper .
Born in London in 1953 Daughter of Jamaican welder and a nurse Became Britain 's first black woman MP in 1987 Previously worked at Home Office and Thames TV Regular panellist on BBC
One 's political show This Week He said the party owed a " debt of thanks " to former prime ministers Gordon Brown and Tony Blair but said he would end " stage - managed " politics .
On Wednesday Ed Balls launched his campaign , saying he wanted to " listen first , hear what the public say " .
The close ally of Mr Brown said the contest was not about " Blair versus Brown " or " old Labour versus new Labour " .
Left - wing MP
John McDonnell said he wants to stand but the timetable makes it " almost impossible " and argues the process has been " stitched up from the start " .
Ed Miliband has also said it should be longer .
On his Twitter page , he wrote : " MPs / members annoyed about short nominations timetable : I have to say I agree .
Need broadest possible choice & time for MPs to decide&consult " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Trotz staatlicher Zensur sorgt das Internet in China für mehr freie Meinungsäußerung , berichtet Technology Review in seiner aktuellen Ausgabe ( seit dem 27 .
Mai am Kiosk oder hier portokostenfrei online zu bestellen ) .
Chinas Internet explodiert förmlich in Größe und Komplexität .
Das Land hat heute rund 384 Millionen Internetnutzer , was fast einem Viertel der Anwender weltweit entspricht .
Hinzu kommen 750 Millionen Handynutzer , von denen viele über ihr Mobiltelefon online gehen .
Das rasante Wachstum dieses Netzwerkes , gepaart mit der Kreativität und dem Wagemut seiner Nutzer , prägt das chinesische Web mindestens so stark wie die Repressionen der Regierung .
Für die Zensur im inländischen Internet nutzt das Regime unter anderem das anspruchsvollste nationale Internet - Filtersystem der Welt .
Zwar wird es oft in Anlehnung an die Chinesische Mauer als " Große Firewall " bezeichnet , doch in Wirklichkeit handelt sich dabei eher um eine Mischung verschiedener Strategien als um ein einheitliches Gebilde .
Auf Provider - Ebene werden verbotene westliche Webseiten wie die Videoplattform YouTube , das soziale Netzwerk Facebook und der Kurznachrichtendienst Twitter unterdrückt – genauso wie Seiten , deren Adresse auch nur einen einzigen Begriff von der stetig wachsenden Liste politisch sensibler Schlagwörter und Themen enthält .
Gleichzeitig lässt die Regierung aber inländische Konkurrenzdienste zu populären , westlichen Internet - Angeboten wie etwa die Youtube - Kopie YouKu zu .
" Er ist zwar zensiert , wird von den Menschen aber dennoch für besser gehalten , weil er in Mandarin - Chinesisch von Chinesen betrieben wird " , erklärt Hal Roberts vom Berkman Center for Internet and Society in Harvard , der als führender Experte für Internet - Filterung und - Überwachung gilt .
Die einheimischen Alternativen zu den bekannten westlichen Web - 2.0 - Diensten erfreuen sich außerordentlicher Beliebtheit .
Neben der YouTube - Kopie
YouKu gibt es in China statt Facebook das soziale Netzwerk Douban , dessen Nutzer mehr zu Themen wie Film - und Buchkritiken tendieren als zu persönlichen Mitteilungen .
Und die chinesischen Forenseiten , allen voran QQ , die zweitgrößte Webseite Chinas und die zehntgrößte der Welt , brodeln förmlich vor Debatten – auch über aktuelles Zeitgeschehen .
" Das Internet hat dem chinesischen Volk mehr Macht gegeben als 30 Jahre Wirtschaftswachstum , Urbanisierung , Exporte und ausländische Investitionen zusammen “ , erklärt Yasheng Huang , Professor für Internationales Management an der Sloan School , der renommierten Management - Hochschule des Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) .
" In China gibt es vielleicht keine freie Rede , aber zumindest eine freiere Rede , weil das Internet für die chinesische Bevölkerung eine Plattform zur Kommunikation geschaffen hat . “ ( wst )
The Canadian Civil Liberties Association is seeking a court injunction to prevent Toronto and provincial police from using the so - called sonic cannons until they have been approved as weapons by the government or the controversial “ beam ” function has been disabled .
The application , filed Monday , describes the long range acoustic device as “ a non-lethal weapon that can be set to induce pain , ” and argues that the instrument must be approved for use by the provincial solicitor general as other weapons are .
Toronto police , who have purchased four LRADs for the upcoming G20 summit , have skirted the regulatory process by referring to the device as a communication tool , said Nathalie Des Rosiers , general counsel of CCLA .
“ It ’s not appropriate to forgo a regulatory process by interpreting it very narrowly .
The regulation in question does deal with tear gas .
In our view , there is n’t much different between the sonic cannon and tear gas :
They are both used to dispel crowds , they both can be used to coerce behaviour of demonstrators , ” she said .
“ The only thing we ’re asking for is the proper process be followed . ”
If the device is n’t approved , Des Rosiers urged the police to disable the alert function — an ear - blasting noise that surpasses the threshold of pain — from being able to be used in a steady beam of noise .
“ If they decided not to use it as a weapon , then they could disable the alert function as the Vancouver police did during the Olympics , ” Des Rosiers said .
“ It would go a long way to reassure people that the most strident noises and the beam aspect of it will not be used . ”
Toronto Const .
Wendy Drummond , a spokesperson with the summit ’s Integrated Security Unit , reiterated the police service ’s position that the LRAD ’s will only be used for communication purposes .
“ It is not classified as a weapon and it ’s not intended to be used as a weapon .
It ’s going to be used as a communication tool .
Our members will not only adhere to the manufacturer ’s recommendation but also the guidelines imposed by ( Toronto Police ) , ” she said .
The machines double as loudspeakers and can blast booming messages in 50 languages .
Drummond said the machines will only be operated by trained supervisors or higher - ranking officers .
In the case the alert function is used , it will be in two to five second bursts , as suggested by Toronto police and the manufacturer ’s guidelines .
“ The alert function is simply that :
To alert the public , the crowd . . . to the fact that there is an upcoming message we want them to hear , ” Drummond said .
Lawmakers sold off BP shares
Updated 5:10 p.m.
By Paul Kane
Members of the congressional committees that oversee the oil and gas industry held more than $ 11 million in personal financial assets in that sector late last year , including at least $ 400,000 in the two companies at the heart of the Gulf of Mexico oil - drilling disaster .
From the nearly $ 100,000 in BP stock held by Rep. Frederick Upton ( R - Mich . ) to the nearly $ 650,000 in ConocoPhillips shares held by Sen. John F. Kerry ( D - Mass. ) , lawmakers on five key panels with oversight of the oil industry held more than 110 assets in firms from that sector .
All told , the members of the five House and Senate committees had a minimum of $ 11.4 million in stock holdings in the oil and gas industry , with a maximum value that could have exceed $ 16.8 million , according to an analysis of financial disclosure forms released Wednesday .
Before the Gulf disaster , some lawmakers sold off shares in the companies at the center of the Deepwater Horizon explosion and oil spill for personal financial reasons .
Among them was Kerry , whose wife , Teresa Heinz Kerry , sold off the last remaining shares she held in Transocean , the company that owned the drilling rig .
At the end of 2009 , however , Heinz family trusts still held between $ 350,000 and $ 750,000 in BP stock , coming in purchases last year .
House Minority Leader John Boehner ( R - Ohio ) also bought as much as $ 50,000 worth of stock in the British oil giant , which owned the well which has been spewing oil since the April 20 explosion off the Louisiana coastline .
Wednesday served as financial - disclosure day on Capitol Hill , the one day of the year when the media and government watchdogs get a glimpse into the personal assets and transactions of members of Congress .
The lawmakers must show the value of their assets on Dec. 31 of the previous year , as well as any gifts received and financial transactions they took the year before .
Federal laws only require members of Congress to provide a range of values for assets , and some ranged as widely as between $ 1 million and $ 5 million .
Critics , including some members of Congress , have requested that lawmakers reveal their finances more regularly and with more detail , in order to prevent any appearance of conflict of interest between their financial holdings and their legislative portfolio .
Kerry -- who is serving as the Senate Democrat 's lead negotiator on energy legislation -- has at least $ 6 million in financial assets from a dozen big oil and gas companies , including household names such as Royal Dutch Shell , Exxon Mobil , BP and ConocoPhillips .
The senator defended his family 's financial holdings , saying his wife 's trusts from her first husband 's ketchup fortune would not deter him from taking on the oil industry .
" Senator Kerry has been the Senate 's best environmental champion for more than 25 years and has written and urged legislation to end our dependence on foreign oil .
Inherited holdings in family trusts he has no control over whatsoever clearly have no impact on his fight for a green economy and a clean environment , " Whitney Smith , Kerry 's spokeswoman , said in a statement .
Sen. Christopher Bond ( R - Mo. ) , who in 2008 held between $ 1,000 and $ 15,000 in Transocean shares , sold off all of his holdings in that company in February 2009 , the disclosure forms show .
Overall , some lawmakers saw their energy holdings grow .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif. ) , a longtime promoter of alternative - energy legislation , saw her investment in Clean Energy Fuels -- billing itself as North America 's largest provider of natural gas for motor vehicles -- grow from a minimum of $ 15,000 to a minimum of $ 50,000 by the end of 2009 .
That investment represents a small sliver of the speaker 's financial portfolio , which is run by her husband , investor Paul Pelosi , whose primary holdings consist of real estate -- including a Napa vineyard that continues to be valued at between $ 5 million and $ 25 million .
Read more about Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid 's holdings here »
5134 Upson. 255-3600 .
Overview
CS 683 is a new course designed to serve as an advanced follow - up to CS 681 .
The goal is to cover recent results and current problems , and illustrate a number of open directions of research in algorithms .
The course pre-requisite is CS 681 or equivalent background in algorithms and discrete mathematics .
The course focuses on an inter-related collection of topics centered around randomization , graph decomposition , and methods from high - dimensional geometry .
It concentrates on both fundamental techniques and their applications .
Techniques include linear programming duality , metric embeddings , random walks , random sampling , spectral partitioning , and spectral clustering .
Applications include graph partitioning and its role in approximation algorithms ; heuristics for routing ; approximate sampling and counting ; and high - dimensional clustering and indexing .
Course Outline
(1) Brief introduction to linear programming and duality .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Nick Clegg has arrived in Downing Street to meet David Cameron on the first full day of a Conservative / Liberal Democrat coalition government .
Mr Clegg was greeted at the doorstep with a handshake from Mr Cameron .
And every president , Democrat and Republican alike , trumpeted the virtues of homeownership for all Americans .
Bill Clinton put numerical goals on the percentage increase he wanted to see in homeownership , and greatly increased Fannie and Freddie ’s affordable housing goals .
( Those goals had first been in put in place during the presidency of George H. W. Bush . )
George W. Bush trumpeted his “ ownership society ”  and increased those housing goals .
Fannie Mae , for its part , explicitly wrapped itself in the American Dream ; anyone who opposed Fannie Mae was quickly labeled “ anti-homeownership ” by the company ’s lobbyists .
Indeed , conservatives tend to view the affordable housing goals imposed on Fannie and Freddie as the central reason for the credit crisis .
“ In order to increase homeownership , Fannie and Freddie were required to decrease their standards , ” said Peter Wallison , a fellow at the American Enterprise Institute and perhaps the country ’s leading critic of the G.S.E.’s .
“ We made a big mistake in trying to force housing onto a population that could n’t afford housing . ”
Image During the housing bubble , the percentage of Americans owning homes rose to 69 percent .
In the end , that was not sustainable .
Credit ... Justin Sullivan / Getty Images
But , to my mind , that view is only half - right .
Yes , people got loans who had no hope of paying them back , and that was insane .
But Fannie and Freddie ’s affordable housing goals  which the G.S.E. ’s easily gamed  were not the main reason .
Rather , it was the rise of the subprime lenders  and their ability to get even their worst loans securitized by Wall Street  that was the main culprit .
Fannie and Freddie lowered their standards mostly because they were losing market share to the subprime originators .
Did government policy make the rise of the subprime lenders possible ?
You betcha .
Over time , the federal government gradually loosened regulations and interest rate caps that allowed the business to first become viable and then to explode .
And it completely bought into the idea that the subprime industry was a force for good , because it was expanding homeownership .
This , of course , is something the mortgage originators encouraged .
Angelo Mozilo , the founder of Countrywide Financial , was as vocal about his company making the American Dream possible as any Fannie Mae lobbyist .
But it was a lie .
Gary Rivlin , my former colleague at The New York Times , has just published a scathing , important book , “ Broke , USA , ” which includes one shocking anecdote after another of people being conned into taking on mortgages , filled with hidden fees and adjustable rates , that they could n’t possibly afford .
The companies that did these things were not the outliers  they were the bulwarks of the industry : Household , Countrywide , New Century and a raft of others .
And when state officials tried to crack down on these unseemly practices , the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency , instead of investigating , blocked their efforts .
After all , homeownership was on the rise !
Somewhat to my surprise , the housing activists I spoke to  people who had been in the forefront of trying to stop the subprime lenders  generally did n’t agree that homeownership should be de-emphasized .
“ Let ’s not throw out the baby with the bathwater , ” said John Taylor , the chief executive of the National Community Reinvestment Coalition .
“ I think owning a home is the most common way for working - class people to join the middle class . ”
Mainly , he said , that was because of a home ’s appreciation , which gave people the opportunity for wealth creation that would otherwise have remained out of reach .
Others mentioned additional societal benefits of homeownership , like stable neighborhoods .
And homeowners had every incentive to keep their homes up , precisely because of the equity in their homes .
IF you ca n’t divide 300 by 2 , should you qualify for a loan ?
That is one of the questions raised by a new study led by a Columbia University assistant business professor , Stephan Meier , who found that borrowers with poor math skills were two times more likely than others to go into foreclosure .
Mr. Meier conceded that the results were not shocking , but he said he had not expected the connection between math skills and mortgage default to be so pronounced .
About 340 borrowers in Connecticut , Massachusetts and Rhode Island who took out subprime loans in 2006 and 2007 were surveyed in 2008 .
None were in foreclosure .
The respondents were asked five questions , with the first requiring borrowers to divide 300 by 2 , and the second to calculate 10 percent of 1,000 .
( Since the survey was conducted by telephone , the questioners did not know who was using a calculator . )
Horst Köhler , der zurückgetretene Bundespräsident , ist am Tag der Wahl seines Nachfolgers nicht im Bundestag .
Dennoch nutzt Bundestagspräsident Norbert Lammert die Chance , dem früheren Staatsoberhaupt gehörig die Leviten zu lesen .
Thorsten Denkler , Berlin
Bundestagspräsident Norbert Lammert gehört zu jenen Politikern , denen es gelingt , Kritik in geschliffene Rhetorik zu verpacken .
Im Berliner Reichstagsgebäude hat er an diesem Mittwoch zwar das Amt gewechselt - er ist jetzt Präsident der 14 .
Bundesversammlung , die darüber entscheidet , ob Christian Wulff oder Joachim Gauck neuer Bundespräsident wird .
Aber die Fähigkeit , in wohlformulierten Sätzen zu kritisieren , nutzt Lammert auch dort .
Detailansicht öffnen Bundestagspräsident Norbert Lammert ( CDU ) während der 14 .
Bundesversammlung in Berlin . ( Foto : ddp )
Es geht um die Umstände , die zu dieser Bundesversammlung geführt haben .
Der unerwartete , plötzliche und nahezu begründungslose Rücktritt von Bundespräsident Horst Köhler vor vier Wochen .
Lammert beginnt zunächst damit , die Dimension des Rücktritts geradezurücken .
Er habe zwar " manche Enttäuschung und einige Turbulenzen ausgelöst " und sei alles andere als ein normaler Vorgang gewesen - aber dennoch keine Staatskrise .
Lammerts Rede zu Beginn der Bundesversammlung richtet sich ziemlich direkt an Horst Köhler .
Der ist nicht gekommen , will erst morgen zur Vereidigung des neuen Bundespräsidenten erscheinen .
Aber vielleicht sitzt Köhler vor dem Fernseher und hört zu , was sein Parteifreund Lammert ihm zu sagen hat .
Dann könnte er Lammerts Kritik an der Art und Weise des Rücktritts verfolgen .
Der Bundestagspräsident , immerhin zweithöchster Repräsentant des Staates , macht keinen
Hehl daraus , dass ihn der Rücktritt Köhlers geschockt hat .
" Diese Entscheidung und ihre Gründe haben wir zu respektieren " , sagt Lammert .
Er fährt fort : " Auch wenn viele von uns sie immer noch nicht wirklich verstehen . "
Lammert sagt das in einem Tonfall , als gehöre er selbst zu den vielen , die sich noch eine genauere Erklärung wünschen .
Köhlers Rücktritt habe Fragen aufgeworfen , sagt Lammert , und eine " Nachdenklichkeit erzeugt " , die allen " direkt und indirekt Beteiligten Anlass auch zur selbstkritischen Befassung mit ihrer Rolle und zum Umgang mit öffentlichen Ämtern gibt " .
Das gelte für Amtsinhaber , Bewerber und auch die Medien .
Köhler wird inzwischen vorgeworfen , die eigene Rolle nicht genau genug definiert zu haben .
Lammert geht auch darauf ein : " Die Übernahme macht aus der Person keinen Würdenträger , aber mit der Annahme der Wahl eben mehr als eine Privatperson . "
Genau dieses Empfinden aber scheint Köhler nicht gehabt zu haben , er hat sich mit dem
Amt mehr als nur identifiziert , er hat sich mit dem Amt gleichgesetzt .
Kritik an Köhler geriet dann schnell zu einer Art Majestätsbeleidigung .
Lammert geht das zu weit .
" Niemand von uns steht unter Denkmalschutz .
Weder die Parlamente noch die Regierung " , sagt er , macht eine Pause und setzt hinterher : " Nicht einmal das Staatsoberhaupt . "
Für den folgenden Satz bekommt er großen Beifall vor allem von jenen , bei denen Rücktritt Köhlers eher Unverständnis ausgelöst hat : " Kritik muss sein . "
Als wenn er Köhler noch etwas ins Stammbuch schreiben will , der sich vor etwas mehr als einem
Jahr für eine zweite Amtszeit hatte wählen lassen , erklärt Lammert : " Niemand muss öffentliche Ämter übernehmen ; wer kandidiert und gewählt wird , übernimmt allerdings eine Verantwortung , die er mit all seiner Kraft , nach bestem Wissen und Gewissen wahrzunehmen hat . "
Köhler schien sich bei seinem Rücktritt dieser Verantwortung nicht bewusst gewesen zu sein .
Nur einmal lobt Lammert Köhler ausdrücklich : Den Anspruch auf " Wahrhaftigkeit und Respekt " habe Köhler zu Recht nicht nur für sich , sondern auch für die politische Kultur unseres Landes im Ganzen reklamiert .
Da können dann alle klatschen .
Auch die , die während der Rede begonnen haben , nervös auf ihren Stühlen zu rutschen .
Oddly enough , just a week or two after I wrote the post “ Contributing to Python “ , Jesse Noller ( of multiprocessing fame ) wrote a post called “ Why are n’t you contributing ( to Python ) ? “ .
As a somewhat wannabe contributor , I think it ’s a terrific question which deserves wordy and open answers ( hey , just like this one ) .
I realize the question has been asked specifically in the context of python.org ’s development , but I think some of the answer applies to the whole Python eco-system , alternative implementations and libraries / frameworks included .
Before we begin , I think that to answer the question , some distinction should be made about two rather different kinds of contributions .
The first is driven by whatever it is that you ’re contributing .
Suppose you happen to hack about a better GIL arbitration algorithm , or a sprawling and insanely rich asynchronous networking framework .
You want that stuff to get out .
I ’d go so far as to say the source code itself wants to be out .
It ’s your baby , more often than not you think it ’s great and unless something bad happens , you ’ll push it .
These are the kinds of things where you ’re likely to find yourself obsessing over the stats of the website describing your latest gizmo or taking it personally when some loser on python - dev ( like , say , that van - what ’s - his - name - guy ) says your implementation of goto for Python is not quite the next best thing since sliced lists .
The other , rather different kind , is that you run into something that is rather obviously a bug and wish to open - a - ticket - that - has - a - good - chance - to - be - committed for it .
First of all , this is usually a far smaller patch .
I doubt many people import threading , discover The Beazley Effect , rework the GIL and open a ticket with a patch .
The use - case here is more like “ I have a reproducible SIGSEGV ” or “ I wish import zipfile would support ZIP64 ″ .
Two interesting observations about this case : first , people are far less committed to their contribution , and second , more importantly , the realities of life dictate that the J. Random Hacker who ran into this either found a workaround or patched their own Python , so they sidestepped the bug .
This is important .
In practically all interesting cases , the reporter has already sidestepped the bug before or shortly after posting ( sidestepped is a loose term , maybe they even moved to Perl… ) .
I doubt anyone ’s schedule is loose enough to allow them to wait without sidestepping a painful thorn even for the next bugfix release .
This is a hundred times more true for documentation touchups – if you realized it ’s wrong , you probably do n’t have to fix it to keep working , you just use whatever knowledge you now know is right .
A rather pathological , tertiary case is the “ I am not - Python - core , I have some free time , I wanna contribute to Python and I went bug - hunting in the tracker ” one .
I think its a pathological case of the second kind of contribution , and one that I suspect happens rather rarely .
I ’ll lump these two together .
If you agree so far , that we have a commit - driven - contribution ( “ damn this is so awesome I want this to be part of Python / twisted / Django / etc ” ) and a contribution - driven - commit ( “ damn Python is so awesome , it ’s a shame to leave this wart unfixed , I ’ll help ” ) .
As I said , I think very different reasons prevent people from doing either .
I ’ll start talking about the latter kind , both because it seemed to be the focus of Jesse ’s original post and because it ’s easiest to answer .
First , almost everything Jesse listed as reasons is true .
Do n’t know how , do n’t know where , etc , almost all true .
The best remedy here is to get as many people as possible to have , ugh , “ broken their contribution cherry ” , so to speak .
The easier it will be to submit minor fixes for the first time , the more people will do it .
The first time is important , psychologically and setup-ly .
I think after a patch of yours has been committed , the fear of the technical part process is gone and the feeling of “ gee , I can actually put stuff in Python ! ” kicks in , and you ’re far more likely to start submitting more small patches .
So if you want many more people to help with mundane issues , documentations touchups , etc , the community at large should make every effort to make this first time sweet .
How do we make it sweet ?
I do n’t know for sure , but here is a short flurry of ideas which I ’d be happy to discuss ( and aid implementing ! ) :
Easy step - by - step instructions for opening a bug report , submitting a patch , for Ubuntu , OSX and Windows , all concentrated in one place , from setup to bug tracker attachment .
The “ contributing to Python ” post I mentioned earlier is a ( small ) step in what I think is the right direction .
We can flesh it out a lot , but make sure it keeps the step - by - step cookbook get - it - done approach , rather than what exists today , which is good , but is n’t aimed at getting - things - done .
Compare signing up to Facebook with applying for a Tourist Visa in some foreign country .
step - by - step instructions for opening a bug report , submitting a patch , for Ubuntu , OSX and Windows , all concentrated in one place , from setup to bug tracker attachment .
The “ contributing to Python ” post I mentioned earlier is a ( small ) step in what I think is the right direction .
We can flesh it out a lot , but make sure it keeps the step - by - step cookbook get - it - done approach , rather than what exists today , which is good , but is n’t aimed at getting - things - done .
Compare signing up to Facebook with applying for a Tourist Visa in some foreign country .
Small - time - Python - contribution - talks material to be made available .
This is both to be consumed online in web - talks , but mainly aims to reach out and encourage such talks in LUGs and highschools / colleges ( hmm , I love this idea , I should do this sometime … ) .
A bit on a limb here , but maybe even doing what ’s possible to optimize the review process in favour of first - time contributors .
This is quite debatable , and ( intentionally ) vague , but I cautiously think it will pay off rather quickly .
These means ( and probably others I did n’t think of ) could probably alleviate the problem of a “ contribution - driven - commit ” , as I called it .
Which leaves us with your fabulous implementation of goto , or “ commit - driven - contribution ” .
I think two factors come into play here , both of them nearly irrelevant for the previous type of contribution .
The first is the feeling that whatever it is you ’ve done , it ’s not good enough ( this usually breaks my balls ) .
“ Me ? Send this ?
To python - dev ?
Get outta here . ” .
And the second , I think , is indeed the feeling of an ‘ u phill battle ’ against grizzled python - dev grey beards and sharp tongued lurkers that are , I suspect , more likely than not to shred your idea to bits .
Let ’s face it , hacker communities at large are pretty harsh , and generally for understandable reasons .
However , I think at times this tough skin and high barrier for contributing anything significant hurts us .
I used to have a co-worker , a strong hacker , who made two significant open - source packages for Python .
I humbly think both are exceptionally elegant and at least one of them could have been a strong addition to stdlib .
Every time I hear / read the code of some poor soul who recreated the efforts of this guy with these two packages , I cringe .
I would n’t like to disclose his name before talking to him , but when I asked him why are n’t these packages part of stdlib , he said something like : “ blah , unless you ’re part of the python - dev cognoscenti you ’ve no chance of putting anything anywhere ” .
I think he might not have pushed these packages hard enough , I should raid python - dev ’s archives to know , but looking at the finesse of these packages on the one hand , and the number of questions on # python at freenode which I can answer by uttering these packages ’ names , I think maybe we ’re missing out on something .
His perception , even if downright wrong ( and I suspect it is n’t accurate , but not so wrong ) is the bad thing that can happen to make you not contribute that big masterpiece you ’ve made in your back yard , and that ’s a damn shame .
Most people will not survive the School of Hard Knocks , and that ’s not necessarily always a good thing .
The issue of contributing big stuff is far more delicate and complex , and I ’d be the first to admit I ’m probably not rad enough to even discuss it .
But it feels wrong to write a post under a heading like the one this one bears without at least mentioning this hacker - subculture - centric and sensitive issue , which affects many OSS projects , and Python as well .
Micro-contributions are important , they ’re the water and wind which slowly erode the landscape of a project into something cleaner , stabler and more elegant , but let ’s not forget them big commits from which the mountains are born , too .
So Jesse , or any other curious soul , this is my answer to you .
Should the gauntlet be picked up ( by you , me or both of us ) regarding the list of items I suggested earler about making micro-contributions more accessible ?
How about taking this to python - dev ?
A contributor to the newspaper of the Archdiocese of Boston said yesterday he regretted a portion of a column that has infuriated gay Catholics in the region .
In the column , published last week , the writer argued that one reason the children of gay parents should not be admitted to Catholic schools is the “ real danger ’’ that they would bring pornography to school .
That allegation , plus several others in the column , has drawn a torrent of criticism from gay rights advocates .
And yesterday , the editor of the paper , The Pilot , said in a statement , “ The tone of the piece was strong , and we apologize if anyone felt offended by it . ’’
The controversy began June 4 , when The Pilot published a column by Michael Pakaluk , a former philosophy professor at Clark University in Worcester and former visiting scholar at Harvard who now teaches in Virginia .
Pakaluk was reflecting on another controversy , regarding the decision by a Hingham priest to rescind the acceptance of a child of a lesbian couple to a local parochial school .
The Archdiocese of Boston has just begun developing a policy regarding the admission of children of gay parents to Catholic schools , following the Hingham controversy .
In the column , Pakaluk wrote that pornographic items “ go along with the same - sex lifestyle , which — as not being related to procreation — is inherently eroticized and pornographic . ’’
In a phone interview yesterday , however , Pakaluk said he now views that sentence as a “ weak argument . ’’
“ I think I probably would not make that point again , and I can see how it would be offensive , ’’ he said .
In the column , Pakaluk also expressed concern that by welcoming gay families , Catholic schools could give children the impression that the practice of homosexuality is acceptable , as well as potentially provide an opportunity for a gay parent to “ advocate for his lifestyle . ’’
He added that gay parents should not be called “ parents ’ ’ unless they are biologically related to their children .
Pakaluk , who has been writing monthly columns for The Pilot since 2002 , according to the archdiocese , stood by those aspects of the column yesterday .
He said that what gay Catholics and their supporters believe is “ on a major collision course ’’ with Catholic teaching that sexual relations should only take place within a heterosexual marriage , that opposite - sex partners in marriage represent the image of God , and that a mother and father make “ distinct and complementary ’’ contributions toward raising a child .
“ Parents have to be committed to trying to live Catholic morality ; otherwise , they are not partnering with the school , ’’ he said .
Jarrett Barrios , a former state senator from Cambridge who is now president of the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation , called the column “ void of the love , compassion , and inclusiveness that so many proud practicing Catholics , myself included , have grown up with . ’’
Marianne Duddy - Burke , executive director of DignityUSA , an advocacy group for gay Catholics , said , “ I think this is an absolutely appalling piece .
I think it ’s incredibly irresponsible for a Catholic newspaper to allow such hateful and insupportable claims to be made in their paper . ’’
The editor of The Pilot , Antonio M. Enrique , said in a statement to the Globe yesterday that the column did not necessarily reflect the views of the archdiocese or the paper , which he said tries to promote conversation and understanding of the different positions on issues of interest to Catholics .
“ Pilot readers are accustomed to reading differing views on many complex social issues , ’’ he said .
“ Our Catholic laity is well educated and can make up their minds on whether they agree or disagree with a particular opinion . ’’
Charles Martel , cofounder of the national Catholics for Marriage Equality who attends St. Ignatius Parish in Chestnut Hill , said Cardinal Sean P. O’Malley must “ decide where he really stands . ’’
“ He ca n’t have it both ways and say he , in fact , is welcoming these children and then have these kinds of statements made in The Pilot . ’’
But a spokesman for O’Malley said yesterday that Enrique , not the cardinal , is fully responsible for what The Pilot prints .
The Pilot has provided space for numerous points of view on this issue .
In a letter to the editor that ran on the same page as Pakaluk ’s column , Monsignor Paul V. Garrity of St. Mary ’s Parish in Lynn wrote that Catholic schools have long welcomed all children , regardless of their family situation .
“ To begin to discriminate against children who have two mommies or two daddies would fly in the face of this very proud tradition , ’’ he said .
Lisa Wangsness can be reached at lwangsness@globe.com .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
Image caption Yukio Hatoyama had been in power for just eight months
Japanese Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama has announced his resignation after just eight months in office .
It comes after he broke an election pledge to move an unpopular US military base away from the island of Okinawa .
Mr Hatoyama 's Democratic Party of Japan ( DPJ ) is struggling to revive its chances in an election due in July .
He said he had also asked DPJ Secretary General Ichiro Ozawa , who has been embroiled in a funding scandal , to step down to " revitalise " the party .
The centre - left DPJ 's election landslide last year ended half a century of conservative rule in Japan .
Mr Hatoyama , 63 , was Japan 's fourth prime minister in four years .
He will remain in office until a the DPJ meets on Friday to appoint a new leader who will almost certainly become prime minister .
Finance Minister and Deputy Prime Minister Naoto Kan , widely considered a potential winner , has already declared his intention to run for the post .
Broken promise
Until Tuesday night , Mr Hatoyama had insisted he would stay on while intermittently holding talks with key members of his party .
ANALYSIS
Few prime ministers have gone from landslide election victory to resignation within nine months .
But that is the fate of Yukio Hatoyama , brought down by a campaign promise he discovered once in office it was impossible to fulfil .
For months he searched for an alternative location for the US base , before official confirmation last week that he would have to make a humiliating climbdown .
He pledged a more equal alliance with the US and to rein in the power of the bureaucracy , but the row over the base , and money scandals , soon undermined the promise of a new era of transparent politics .
Members of the DPJ feared if Mr Hatoyama remained in office they would be trounced in mid-term elections to the upper house of the Diet expected in July .
The party is expected to choose a new leader and prime minister on Friday .
Whoever wins will be Japan 's fifth prime minister in four years .
Profile : Yukio Hatoyama
But he announced his resignation at a special meeting of DPJ lawmakers on Wednesday , telling them the government 's work had " not reflected the public 's wishes " .
" I apologise to all of you lawmakers here for causing enormous trouble , " he said .
Announcing his decision to the country in an emotional televised address , he said he had " tried to change politics in which the people of Japan would be the main actors " but had not succeeded .
" That 's mainly because of my failings , " he said .
Mr Hatoyama also cited funding scandals involving government aides as a reason for his departure and for his request that Mr Ozawa step down .
Two of Mr Ozawa 's aides have received suspended prison sentences for falsifying reports on political contributions while Mr Ozawa himself - known as the " Shadow Shogun " for his power behind the scenes - has also been questioned .
Mr Hatoyama said he had asked Mr Ozawa to resign to enable " a fresh and clean DPJ " to emerge .
" Our politics must break with money , " said Mr Hatoyama .
" We must become completely clean in order to revitalise our party . "
Coalition splits
Mr Hatoyama had been under pressure to quit since last week when it was confirmed that the deeply unpopular Futenma US base would be staying on the southern island of Okinawa .
Okinawa is home to more than half of the 47,000 American troops based in Japan .
Many islanders resent the high military presence and have been angered by incidents involving US troops stationed there , including the rape of a 12 - year - old Japanese girl in 1995 .
For months Mr Hatoyama had searched fruitlessly for an alternative location to fulfil a pledge to move the base off the island or even out of Japan altogether , our correspondent says .
When he failed his governing coalition split - a coalition member was fired from the cabinet for refusing to back the decision .
The DPJ 's next leader will have to take the party into mid-term elections to the upper house of parliament expected next month .
As well as Mr Kan , Foreign Minister Katsuya Okada and Transport Minister Seiji Maehara are also seen as contenders .
Okinawa is the focal point of the security treaty between the US and Japan which has balanced military power in north - east Asia since World War II .
Under the pact , Japan - which is prevented from maintaining a war - ready army by its constitution - subsidises the US military presence while the US guarantees Japan 's security .
Vuvuzela - Lärm beim Eröffnungsspiel Im Bienenschwarm von Soccer City
Die Trainer brüllten und ruderten wild mit den Armen , doch die Spieler hörten die Anweisungen nicht .
80.000 Zuschauer haben im Johannesburger Soccer - City - Stadion ihre Vuvuzela - Tröten geblasen - und damit den Gegner aus dem Konzept gebracht .
und Cathrin Gilbert Von Lukas Rilke
We 've never had this much momentum to repeal " Do n't Ask , Don't Tell " - the discriminatory law that forces gays and lesbians to live a lie if they want to serve their country .
But there 's a big problem .
As the Senate prepares for a make - or - break vote , Sen .
John McCain and his friends in radical right - wing groups are putting enormous pressure on your senators to vote against equality .
McCain 's anti-gay vendetta is so desperate that he 's announced he will help block the Senate from repealing " Do n't Ask , Don't Tell , " and the right - wing Family Research Council is making outlandish and bogus claims that that repealing " Do n't Ask , Don't Tell " will increase sexual assault in the military and " undermine the religious liberties " of military chaplains .
We need your help to drown them out and show the Senate that a majority of Americans want this law off the books - once and for all .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A Pakistan - born US citizen has been charged with terrorism and trying to use a weapon of mass destruction over the failed car - bomb attack in New York .
US authorities said Faisal Shahzad , 30 , had also admitted to being trained in bomb - making in Pakistan .
Mr Shahzad was arrested on a Dubai - bound plane at JFK airport on Monday , two days after the car bomb was found .
Earlier , President Barack Obama vowed Americans would " not cower in fear " because of the Times Square incident .
MARDELL'S AMERICA
Maybe the US is learning that with all the vigilance , the best intelligence , the tightest security , you can never eliminate all risk , and that the unwitting allies of terrorists are those who want America to be terrified
BBC North America editor Mark Mardell
Read Mark 's thoughts in full
He said it was a " sobering reminder of the times in which we live " and vowed that justice would be done .
FBI search Mr Shahzad is believed to have bought an SUV that was found loaded with an improvised explosive device in Times Square .
Two days after the bomb was discovered , he nearly managed to escape the US .
Despite his name being added to the government 's no-fly list earlier on Monday , Mr Shahzad managed to buy a ticket on an Emirates flight to Dubai and made it through JFK 's security checks late that evening .
Customs agents checking the passenger list realised Mr Shahzad 's name was on it and stopped the flight with just minutes to spare as it taxied to the runway .
Investigators said the Connecticut resident implicated himself and told them he was acting alone .
But court documents stated that he admitted having attended a militant training camp in the lawless Pakistani tribal region of Waziristan .
He apparently told investigators the plot had begun in December last year .
FAISAL SHAHZAD Aged 30 Naturalised US citizen born in Pakistan Resident of Bridgeport , Connecticut Reports say he recently returned from five - month visit to Pakistan
Profile : Faisal Shahzad
Trail leading to bomb bid New York spooked but defiant Eyewitnesses to evacuation The FBI searched Mr Shahzad 's home in Bridgeport , Connecticut , on Tuesday morning and removed several filled plastic bags .
Sources have told the BBC that Mr Shahzad is the son of retired Air Vice Marshal Bahar - ul - Haque , a former head of Pakistan 's Civil Aviation Authority , but this is unconfirmed .
His family is said to come from the northern frontier city of Peshawar , close to the strongholds and training grounds of the Taliban .
Pakistani sources said Mr Shahzad married in Peshawar two years ago and his wife and at least one of their two young children are currently believed to be living in Karachi with relatives .
Earlier reports from Pakistan had said Mr Shahzad 's father - in - law and another associate of the suspect have been arrested in the port city of Karachi .
But Pakistani Interior Minister Rehman Malik , who has pledged to assist the US , denied the authorities had made any arrests .
Meanwhile at a news conference at the White House , Mr Obama praised the action of citizens and the authorities in New York as possibly saving hundreds of lives .
DEADLY US ATTACKS SINCE 9/11 A gunman kills 13 soldiers at an army base in Fort Hood , Texas , in November 2009 Snipers kill 10 people in the Washington DC area in October 2002
Five people are killed by anthrax sent in the post in 2001
US attacks and attempts since 9/11 " We know that the aim of those who try to carry out those attacks is to force us to live in fear , " he said .
" But as Americans and as a nation , we will not be terrorised .
We will not cower in fear .
We will not be intimidated . "
On Sunday , the Pakistani Taliban said it was responsible for the failed bombing attempt and it threatened suicide attacks on US cities .
But the BBC's Orla Guerin in Islamabad says there is no proof and many experts doubt they have the capacity to strike inside the US .
' Significant fireball '
The car containing a bomb made from fertiliser , fireworks , petrol and propane gas tanks was left in Times Square on Saturday evening .
Investigators removed items from Faisal Shahzad 's Connecticut home The 1993 Nissan Pathfinder was parked with its engine running and hazard lights flashing .
The bomb was discovered and dismantled before it could explode , after a street - vendor noticed smoke coming from the vehicle and alerted police .
Times Square was packed with tourists and theatregoers when the alarm was raised .
Police evacuated a wide area of the district and closed subway lines , while a controlled explosion was carried out .
Officials said the bomb was crude , but could have sparked a " significant fireball " and sprayed shrapnel with enough force to kill pedestrians and knock out windows .
US officials released a diagram of the car - bomb
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Image caption Puerto Rico has been a US territory since 1898
July will mark a fresh beginning for Puerto Ricans - literally - as the government of the US territory begins issuing new birth certificates in an attempt to tackle identity theft .
Existing birth certificates for Puerto Rico's 3.9 million inhabitants - and the estimated 1.4 million citizens who live on the US mainland - will be invalid from 30 September .
Criminal gangs have targeted Puerto Rico because anyone born there is a US citizen from birth , and the certificates can be used to make fraudulent US passport applications .
Faustino Fuentes School on Puerto Rico's eastern coastline has an idyllic setting , between the lush green hills of the national park and the azure blue of the Caribbean Sea .
There are a few tourists , but otherwise life is usually quiet .
The calm was shattered three years ago when identity thieves broke in and stole the birth certificates and other documents of 105 pupils here .
Ana Esquilin , the school secretary , showed me where the thieves broke down the door with a baseball bat .
The filing cabinet still bears the marks of the break - in .
The criminals were after the children 's birth certificates , which they knew they could sell on the black market for up to $ 10,000 ( £ 6,600 ) .
After a series of school burglaries across Puerto Rico in 2007 , the FBI discovered that up to 12,000 Puerto Ricans were the victims of an identity theft ring .
Two of Ana 's children , Katyshia and Nanushka , had their birth certificates stolen .
Ana said the experience was devastating - her children were being impersonated by strangers .
Hispanic names
Puerto Rico has been a US territory since the Americans captured it from the Spanish in 1898 , and people born here are American citizens .
Image caption Ana Esquilin says the theft of birth certificates was traumatic
A US Department of State study found that 40 % of fraudulent American passport applications made with birth certificates involved documents from Puerto Rico .
So after pressure from the US , Puerto Rico 's legislators voted to invalidate all the old birth certificates and issue the new , secure ones starting on 1 July .
" Most of the people that are seeking quickie US citizenship are people with Hispanic names and Hispanic surnames , " said Kenneth McClintock , Puerto Rico 's Secretary of State .
" And most of the birth certificates issued in Puerto Rico are to people with Hispanic surnames . "
A second reason for the huge black market was the way Puerto Rican organisations , from schools to junior sports clubs , asked for birth certificates as proof of identity and kept them on file .
" Unfortunately we had the custom for many decades of asking you to turn over an official copy of your birth certificate for virtually everything you did in life , " said Mr McClintock .
Under the new rules , organisations will no longer be able to keep multiple copies .
The new birth certificates have special anti-fraud properties which neither McClintock nor Wanda Llovet , director of Puerto Rico's Demographic Registry , would divulge , citing reasons of security .
Image caption Kenneth McClintock believes the issue is a reminder of Puerto Ricans ' status
Mrs Llovet showed me the new birth certificates , which she said were made of paper specially ordered from France , and then printed in the US , where watermarks and other unspecified security features were added .
Only the signatures of Puerto Rico 's governor and Mrs Llovet are printed on to the certificates here .
Mr McClintock says the new system should prevent almost all of the identity theft experienced on the island .
" Up to now , you broke into one school and you would take away 700 birth certificates at a time .
Now , to steal 700 different birth certificates , you 're going to have to break into 700 different homes , " he said .
Discrimination
At the Demographic Registry office in San Juan , Puerto Rico 's capital , most people queuing to find out more about the new law seemed to support the aim of eradicating identity theft .
Only one woman complained , telling me it was n't necessary , and that it was going to take too long for her to apply for a new birth certificate .
On the US mainland , Latino Rights groups have been critical of the change , saying the invalidation of Puerto Rican birth certificates is yet another problem for Hispanics to deal with .
Some Puerto Ricans living in the US say their birth certificates were rejected when they applied for a driving licence , before the new law came into effect .
I asked Kenneth McClintock if making all Puerto Ricans apply for new birth certificates could lead to discrimination against those living in the 50 states .
Most certainly not , he replied .
" People who have biases will always try to find some sort of an excuse to discriminate against people , but I think what this issue has done is remind America that people living in Puerto Rico are American citizens from birth , " he said .
" Therefore people who previously may have thought , oh Puerto Ricans , Costa Ricans , is n't that more or less the same thing , now they know that Puerto Rico is part of the US . "
In the vast oceans of online poker , players ’ only fears were of card sharks .
But now there is a new deep sea monster : a piece of legislation .
Just this month the Unlawful Internet Gambling Enforcement
Act went into force .
The act , which passed as a provision of the SAFE Port Act of 2006 , legally mandates financial institutions to identify and block the acceptance of restricted transactions .
In other words , banks are now legally liable for when they fail to stop gamblers from transferring money to online gambling establishments .
Despite this seemingly straightforward state of affairs , the UIGEA is not only riddled with ambiguities in both its text and implementation , it also faces staunch opposition from poker players and politicians .
There are glaring problems with the UIGEA as soon as one reads it .
Although the act prohibits transferring funds to an unlawful Internet gambling site , it also provides exemptions to state lotteries , horseracing and fantasy sports .
These exceptions , with no explanation for why they exist , are arbitrary .
What is even more confounding is that the act utterly fails to define what “ unlawful Internet gambling ” is .
Indeed , federal regulators “ were defeated by the difficulty of defining what was unlawful , ” claims Whittier Law School professor I. Nelson Rose , who is a leading authority on gambling law .
In light of these challenges , federal agencies put the burden on banks .
According to Steve Kenneally , vice president of the American Bankers Association — a trade association representing more than 95 percent of the banking industry ’s assets — there is no way for banks “ to differentiate between what ’s lawful and unlawful when it comes zipping through the computer network at 10,000 requests a minute . ”
That ’s especially true , he says , because “ what ’s unlawful for one state for one user may not be unlawful in another state under different state laws . ”
In its text , the UIGEA only pertains to financial transmission systems that allow individuals to remotely transfer funds from a nonphysical office .
However , although financial institutions and the online gambling industry are preventing deposits using U.S. bank debit cards , credit cards and gift cards , online poker players are still able to deposit money through electronic checks , cashier ’s checks , paper checks , money orders , wire transfers , foreign bank credit cards , overseas payment processors or by simply sending cash to the online gambling institution .
Currently , politicians Barney Frank , D — Mass. , and Jim McDermott , D — Wash . , are fighting against the UIGEA .
Frank argues that it is “ so dumb and oppressive that it will create support to repeal the bill . ”
McDermott wishes to regulate and tax the online gambling industry , which has the potential to generate $ 42 billion in tax revenue over 10 years .
Although taxes may disincentivize people from gambling , McDermott is correct that the UIGEA “ has n’t prevented the millions of Americans who want to gamble online from doing it . ”
Significantly , the UIGEA does not make internal gambling illegal , only certain transfers of funds , and even then it only holds financial institutions liable , not actual players .
To date , not a single U.S. citizen has ever been charged , fined , or prosecuted for playing poker online .
Julian Switala welcomes comments at [ email protected ]
Django 1.2.1 released
As previously announced , today marks the release of Django 1.2.1 , the first bugfix release in the Django 1.2 series .
For the package itself , swing by our downloads page ; and as always , signed checksums of the release package are available .
As a bugfix release , Django 1.2.1 contains no new features -- only the fixes for a few bugs noted in the previous announcements , along with two more tickets which had quick fixes available : # 13592 and # 13590 .
In pictures : Aftermath of Israeli raids on Gaza
Israeli planes bombed targets in the Gaza Strip early on Friday , the heaviest raids in more than a year .
The Israelis say they targeted weapons factories and arms supplies belonging to the Palestinian Islamist group Hamas which controls Gaza .
No-one was killed in the raids , which Hamas say destroyed metal workshops , farms and a cheese factory .
Some sort of attack had been widely expected after two Israeli soldiers were killed last week in Gaza during clashes with Palestinian militants .
At least four of the air strikes were in the southern town of Khan Younis , close to where the Israeli soldiers were killed .
The leader of the Hamas administration in the Gaza Strip , Ismail Haniya , has called on the international community to intervene to help avoid an escalation of violence there .
Mr Haniya said his movement was contacting other Palestinian factions to discuss better protection for Palestinian people .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend
This scapegoating of BP shames America
[ headerlinks
It was nothing less than bear - baiting .
For more than seven hours , the hapless BP chief executive Tony Hayward was humiliated , scorned and harangued by aggressively rude and , more often than not , posturing U.S. congressmen .
In the gallery , members of the public behaved hysterically and histrionically and at times Mr Hayward was denied the chance to speak .
It was an unedifying spectacle unworthy of the world 's only superpower .
Testing time : BP Chief Executive Tony Hayward testifies before the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee
Yes , BP has many disturbing questions to answer over the Gulf of Mexico oil spill , and its public relations campaign has been nothing short of disastrous .
But President Obama 's behaviour has been an affront to the dignity of his office .
Cynically distracting attention from his own lame response to the disaster and plummeting opinion polls , he has for weeks resorted to every cheap trick in the huckster 's book to demonise British ( as he stresses ) Petroleum .
Last night , this scapegoating appeared to have worked , with Mr Hayward stripped of direct responsibility for tackling the spill .
To say that David Cameron has been muted in response is an understatement .
Doubtless he has been working assiduously behind the scenes , but it is in the all - too public arena that the damage is being done to our economic interests .
The Prime Minister should tell Mr Obama that when the negligence of American banks over toxic mortgages caused financial devastation , UK politicians did not stoke anti-U.S. feeling .
Nor did this country seek to apportion blame for the many environmental and energy disasters involving U.S. firms .
It is perhaps unfair to point out that hundreds of British soldiers have died supporting America in its misguided incursions into Afghanistan and Iraq .
It is , however , entirely fair to say that if America 's leaders devoted as much energy to solving the BP tragedy as they are now spending on demonising the company , it would be better for everyone .
Budget for the future
It was only six weeks have passed since its messy birth but the coalition has acted impressively to fix Labour 's financial mess .
The first £ 6 billion of cuts came swiftly with the axing of wasteful quangos and needless consultancy contracts .
On Wednesday , George Osborne announced a revolution in the regulation of the financial sector - placing the Bank of England in sole charge of the City , ending the responsibility - blurring tripartite system ( the Bank , FSA and Treasury ) introduced by Gordon Brown .
All change : Chancellor George Osborne has announced sweeping cuts to fix Labour 's financial mess
The next day the Treasury said it was axing £ 2 billion in unaffordable bribes - from free swimming to a new hospital - announced by Labour before the election .
However , it is the budget which will reveal the coalition 's determination to reduce crippling public borrowing which stood at £ 16 billion last month alone .
The early signs are that Mr Osborne will deliver the harshest measures since Geoffrey Howe put ' sick man ' Britain on the road to recovery in 1981 .
' But the fact is Britain - with its £ 900 billion of debt and bloated public sector - has been living beyond its means for too long . '
Holidaymakers will be clobbered with new plane taxes .
' Sin ' taxes will head skywards .
Corporation tax ... Capital Gains Tax ... VAT .
Nothing will escape scrutiny .
Many will worry that increasing taxes and slashing spending could turn the fragile recovery into a new recession .
But the fact is Britain - with its £ 900 billion of debt and bloated public sector - has been living beyond its means for too long .
This week it was revealed public sector staff spend nine fewer years at work over their lifetime than private employees and earn 30 per cent more .
Mr Osborne has a unique opportunity to put Britain on a sound financial footing .
The only way this can be achieved is by recalibrating the relationship between the state , which is too big , and the private sector , which is too small .
Ten of the greatest : 30 - second theories
By JOHN GRIBBIN , Visiting Fellow in Astronomy at Sussex University
From the principle of least action , to Richard Dawkins ' memetics theory through to the placebo effect , John Gribbin discusses the greatest 30 - second theories
The physicist Richard Feynman proved that all ' indirect ' routes interfere with each other , leaving only one viable path - the quickest
1. THE PRINCIPLE OF LEAST ACTION
This is a fancy way of saying that nature is lazy .
Things happen in the way that requires least effort , which is why , among other things , light travels in straight lines .
In fact , particles , and light , travel by the path which takes the least time .
This explains why an angled light ray bends towards the perpendicular when it passes from air into glass , through which it moves more slowly ( this reduces the amount of glass it has to pass through ) .
The principle is especially important in quantum theory .
At first sight quantum theory seems to imply that a particle such as an electron can go by any path from A to B , even if that means going to Mars and back .
This would make it impossible to operate things like computers , which depend on electrons being well behaved .
But the great physicist Richard Feynman proved that all ' indirect ' routes interfere with each other , leaving only one viable path - the quickest .
Memetics is the term coined by Richard Dawkins to describe ' cultural replicators ' that copy and transmit biological information
2. MEMETICS
Whenever we copy habits , skills , stories or any kind of information from person to person , we 're dealing in memes .
The term was coined by Richard Dawkins to describe ' cultural replicators ' that copy and transmit biological information .
Humans copy memes , including ideas and skills , through imitation and teaching ; but they get changed , accidentally or on purpose , so that culture evolves .
This echoes the way species evolve as genes mutate .
Like genes , some memes are successful , while others are n't .
It 's obvious why some memes spread - they 're useful , or aesthetically pleasing , like melodies .
But some spread even though they confer no clear benefit - things like computer viruses .
3. QUANTUM FIELD THEORY
We 're all familiar with the idea of a magnetic - field , the region around a magnet where its influence is felt .
The way fields behave is described by field theory .
Scottish physicist James Clerk Maxwell found the equations that describe magnetic and electric fields , and Einstein found the ones that describe a gravitational field .
But in the Twenties physicists realised the ' fields ' actually consist of particles moving through space : the ' quanta ' of the field .
When two electrically charged particles exert a force on each other , they do so by exchanging photons , the quanta of the electromagnetic field .
The resulting quantum field theory ( quantum electrodynamics , or QED ) explains everything about the behaviour of the atoms that make up our world .
Svante Arrhenius suggested that life was brought to Earth by spores floating through space , an idea called panspermia , meaning ' seeds everywhere '
4. PANSPERMIA
Is all life on Earth descended from the bacteria left behind by aliens after a picnic ?
It sounds far - fetched , but it's an idea that was put forward seriously by the maverick astronomer Thomas Gold .
He was building on a proposal made by the Swede Svante Arrhenius a century ago .
Arrhenius suggested that life was brought to Earth by spores floating through space , an idea he called panspermia , meaning ' seeds everywhere ' .
A variation on this idea is the notion that the spores were sent deliberately by an alien civilisation - ' directed panspermia ' .
And then there 's Gold 's suggestion that the aliens happened to be passing by the Earth billions of years ago and stopped off for lunch .
Crazy ?
Maybe .
But one person who took the idea of panspermia seriously was Francis Crick , who co-discovered the double - helix structure of DNA .
If you believe in it strongly enough , almost anything can have the placebo effect
5. PLACEBO EFFECT
If you 're given a pill and told it 'll cure your headache , and your condition improves even though the pill contains nothing but chalk , you have experienced the placebo effect .
If you believe in it strongly enough , almost anything can have a placebo effect .
The placebo effect explains why treatments such as homeopathy work for many people - simply because the patients believe they will work .
Scientific tests under controlled conditions have shown that placebo effects can be enhanced by giving people bigger pills , by giving them pink pills rather than white ones , and by the perceived seniority of the doctor who 's prescribing the pill .
Until the 20th century , most medicines were completely useless , but consciously or unconsciously , the placebo effect was exploited to the fullest , especially when dealing with rich patients .
Nobody knows what caused the Earth to freeze over 635 millions years ago , but once it did , the shiny white surface of the ice reflected heated and maintained the ' snowball ' conditions
6. SNOWBALL EARTH SNOWBALL EARTH
For millions of years , over 635 million years ago , the Earth was shrouded in ice .
At that time , most land was clustered around the equator , but the glaciers left their mark on the rocks even there .
Nobody knows what caused the Earth to freeze , but once it did , the shiny white surface of the ice reflected heat and maintained the ' snowball ' conditions , until CO2 released by volcanoes created a greenhouse effect strong enough to melt the ice .
If the ice had covered the entire planet , life may have died out .
But there 's evidence slushy pools survived during this period , and primitive but hardy life forms survived in the pools .
When the Earth thawed , life exploded out across the planet in a burst of evolution .
We may owe our existence to this Snowball Earth event .
Proponents of the Rare Earth idea point to a chain of circumstances that allowed our civilisation to emerge , even though that required nearly four billion years of evolution
7. RARE EARTH
Life in the universe may be common , but intelligent life may be rare .
Proponents of the Rare Earth idea point to a chain of circumstances that allowed our civilisation to emerge , even though that required nearly four billion years of evolution .
The sun is a relatively stable star , which has allowed life to evolve steadily over all that time .
The giant planet Jupiter protects us from comets .
Our large moon 's gravitational pull stops the Earth from wobbling and tipping over , causing extreme changes in climate .
And the Earth has an unusually strong magnetic field , shielding us from harmful radiation .
The combination of these and other unusual features of our planet constitutes a chain of coincidences so unlikely that some astronomers think we may be the only intelligent form of life in the universe .
Some cosmologists think our universe is one of a pair of three - dimensional universes , separated by a tiny distances ( less than the diameter of of an atom ) in an extra dimension
8. THE EKPYROTIC UNIVERSE
Here 's a wild idea .
Some cosmologists think our universe is one of a pair of three - dimensional universes , separated by a tiny distance ( less than the diameter of an atom ) in an extra dimension .
Every point in space is next door to a point in the other universe , but the two are slowly moving apart .
Billions of years from now , though , a spring - like force will pull them back together in a collision generating huge amounts of heat and light - a big bang .
The two universes will then bounce apart and the whole process will repeat .
This is the leading alternative to the Big Bang theory , and it asserts that the universe in a sense gives birth to itself .
9. ENTANGLEMENT
When any two quantum objects , such as electrons or photons ( light particles ) come into contact , they become ' entangled in a quantum sense .
This means that forever after what happens to one of them affects the other , instantly , no matter how far away it is .
If one particle is given a prod , the other twitches .
This leads some people to hope that entanglement could be used for faster - than - light communication .
The snag is , although you know from watching one particle that the other has been prodded , you do n't know how it was prodded .
But if that information is sent to us by conventional means , we can interpret the twitching - which means that quantum prodding could be used to send uncrackable coded messages .
10 . FINITE
If the universe were finite , it could be shaped like a ring doughnut .
And if that were the case , if you looked one way round the ring you 'd see the same galaxies you could see by looking the other way round the ring , but from the other side .
A more complicated topology would be a cube in which opposite faces are connected to one another .
If you could travel up through the ' roof ' , you 'd come back into the cube through the ' floor ' .
Some simple computer games work like this .
Observations show that our universe does n't have such a simple topology as this .
But it could be shaped like a multi-dimensional dodecahedron .
John Gribbin is a contributor to ' 30 Second Theories : The 50 Most Thought - Provoking Theories in Science , Each Explained in Half a Minute ' ( Icon Books )
JOHN GRIBBIN PICTURE BYLINE : Andrew Hasson / Barcroft Media
FSF takes on Apple 's App Store over GPL
This article brought to you by LWN subscribers Subscribers to LWN .
net made this article — and everything that surrounds it — possible .
If you appreciate our content , please buy a subscription and make the next set of articles possible .
Apple 's App Store for iPhone , iPod , and iPad devices has no shortage of critics , from the delays in application approval to the seemingly arbitrary removal of previously - approved applications .
The Free Software Foundation ( FSF ) recently took on yet another problem with the distribution channel when it contacted Apple to pursue a GPL compliance problem with a GNU - copyrighted game .
Apple evidently found it easier to remove the game in question than to alter its App Store policies , but the debate has sparked a discussion about free software on Apple 's otherwise closed devices .
The trouble began with a GNU Go for the iPhone game , submitted to the App Store by Robota Softwarehouse .
GNU
Go for the iPhone is a port of the original GNU Go — a program for playing the game of Go including an AI opponent — which is an official part of the GNU project .
At some unspecified date , the FSF contacted both Robota and Apple to ask them to come into compliance with GNU Go's license , the GPLv2 .
Robota was violating the license by not providing access to the source code of the game , and Apple was in violation for several reasons , according to FSF License Compliance Engineer Brett Smith .
Fearing that , in response , Apple would simply remove the GNU
Go game from the store without explanation , the FSF posted a blog entry on May 25 describing its case .
That fear was evidently well - founded , as Apple pulled GNU Go for the iPhone on May 26 .
Smith followed up the original post with a more detailed explanation on May 27 .
In it , he says that the particular license violation that FSF brought up with Apple was section 6 of the GPLv2 , which states that a redistributor of the licensed program may not impose further restrictions on the recipients to copy , distribute , or modify the program .
Apple 's App
Store terms of service do impose several restrictions , such as limiting usage of the program to five devices approved by Apple .
Reaction
David " Lefty " Schlesinger criticized the FSF 's action in a string of posts on his personal blog , starting by challenging whether FSF would engage in similar compliance actions against other mobile application marketplaces , such as Android 's or Windows Mobile's .
He followed that up with a second post rejecting the idea that Apple would be considered bound by the terms of the GPL , comparing the App Store to general " file download " sites such as FileHippo that host binary packages of free software but do not also host source code .
Finally , he asserted in a third post that Apple could not be held to the terms of the GPL at all , because it would qualify for protection under the " safe harbor " provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( DMCA ) .
Debate over the entire chain of events can be found on every outlet from Slashdot to Identi.ca , including some lengthy exchanges in the comments on Schlesinger 's blog posts .
Examining Schlesinger 's arguments , it is impossible to predict whether FSF would ( or has ) pursued GPL compliance action against other application markets , both because the FSF only acts on GPL violations for which it owns the copyright to infringing code , and because most compliance actions take place in private .
Smith stated that the FSF only publicized the GNU
Go case to forestall speculation that might result if Apple silently pulled the application as the FSF predicted it would .
On the second post , it seems quite clear that the GPL does apply to Apple as well as to FileHippo or any other site that hosts GPL - licensed code .
Apple accepts the code from the developer , then redistributes it in the App Store ; that triggers the license .
On the other hand , section 3 ( c ) states that noncommercial distribution by those who received the program as an executable can comply with the source code requirement simply by providing the upstream distributor 's source code offer .
Whether a zero-cost game in the App Store qualifies as " noncommercial " is open to interpretation .
A download - only site like FileHippo should be in compliance provided that its binaries are unaltered ; if the upstream source of the binary did not include a compliant source code offer , it would be the upstream source that is non-compliant .
But there is no similar exception in section 6 that passes the buck upstream .
Apple 's App
Store terms - of - service definitely impose restrictions on the use of GNU Go for the iPhone , and the wording of section 6 is simple : " Each time you redistribute the Program ( or any work based on the Program ) , the recipient automatically receives a license from the original licensor to copy , distribute or modify the Program subject to these terms and conditions .
You may not impose any further restrictions on the recipients ' exercise of the rights granted herein . "
Schlesinger and other commenters seem taken aback by the scope of the definition of " distributor , " saying it would be ludicrous to hold Best Buy or other brick - and - mortar stores to the GPL if they sell boxed copies of free software .
It is certainly an inclusive definition , but it is not as bad as the hypothetical Best Buy scenario implies ; a big - box retail store could reasonably claim ignorance to the contents of a prepackaged product , which Apple with its per- app - review process cannot , but , in any case , a retail store is not able to impose additional restrictions as described under section 6 .
As ChillingEffects.org explains in detail , the " safe harbor " provision of the DMCA applies only to service providers , defined as " an entity offering transmission , routing , or providing connections for digital online communications , between or among points specified by a user , of material of the user 's choosing , without modification to the content of the material as sent or received " or " a provider of online services or network access , or the operator of facilities thereof , " further limited to systems that provide " conduit communications " , " system caching " , " storage systems " , or " information location tools " .
Considering those definitions , Apple 's App Store simply does not appear to qualify for protection .
But even if it did , Smith said , that only limits Apple 's liability , it does not excuse them from compliance with the GPL .
Apple " would still have to make the same choice about whether to come into compliance with the GPL , or cease distribution altogether . "
Spreading the word
The big unanswered question is whether or not the FSF 's action does more harm than good in the effort to spread free software .
Schlesinger says repeatedly in the comment threads ( as do others on other sites ) that it does more harm , preventing users of the iPhone from using free software and being exposed to free software ideals .
The FSF , for its part , suggests that there is little exposure to free software ideals when the terms - of - service restrict the software to begin with .
In the end , it is probably a judgment call ; certainly technical restrictions of the iPhone platform would prevent users from exercising freedom to modify and redistribute GNU Go for the iPhone even if they had the source code in hand .
Would they nevertheless learn to appreciate software freedom more ?
The other charge made against the FSF in this case is that it singled out Apple as a public example solely for the sake of publicity .
That is speculative , of course .
FSF has targeted Apple for criticism before , as it has Microsoft , but as Smith explained in the first blog entry , it talked to Apple in private first — as it has with Robota , who still does not seem to have posted the source code to the problematic game .
Even if one does not take FSF at its word ( that the public discussion of the case was meant to preempt uninformed speculation ) , it has had one positive effect : it has gotten the community talking about free software licensing and mobile application distribution , a subject that will only grow in importance in the coming years .
The Birmingham News citing two SEC sources reported Texas A&M could be headed for the SEC and is expected to shun the Pac - 10 or Pac - 16 .
According to Kevin Scarbinsky , “ Barring political intervention in the Lone Star State , two well - connected SEC insiders told The Birmingham News today , Texas A&M is going to leave the Big 12 and join the SEC . ”
This follows on reports that Texas A&M regents have the votes to join the SEC , and reports of Southeastern Conference commissioner Mike Slive visiting College Station for talks with Texas A&M .
Share this : Email
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Pinterest
Print
Wiens Bürgermeister Michael Häupl attackiert auf dem Wiener SPÖ - Landesparteitag die gesamte Opposition , vor allem aber FPÖ - Chef HC Strache .
Dieser sei ein Loser , der vielleicht auch bald Erzbischof werden wolle .
Mit Attacken auf die gesamte Opposition hat am Samstag Wiens Bürgermeister Michael Häupl auf dem Landesparteitag seiner Partei endgültig den Wahlkampf der Sozialdemokraten für die Wien - Wahl im Oktober inoffiziell eröffnet .
Schließlich trage FPÖ - Chef Heinz - Christian Strache die Verantwortung für den Bundespräsidentenwahlkampf seiner Partei : " Er hat verloren , er ist ein Loser und wir wollen Loser nicht ! "
Zugleich malte Häupl den Teufel eines geheimen Bündnisses der gesamten Opposition an die Wand .
Erzbischof Strache ?
" Lasst Euch den Schmäh nicht länger einidrucken , dass die Jungen bei Strache sind - sie sind bei uns am Vorabend des 1 . Mai am Rathausplatz ( beim Fackelzug der SJ , Anm . ) !
Die Jungen wollen keine Loser - wir ein bisschen Ältere übrigens auch nicht . "
Strache wolle nur Macht und habe schon verkündet , Bundespräsident , - kanzler und Bürgermeister werden zu wollen : " Das Einzige , was ich noch nicht gehört habe , ist , dass er Erzbischof werden will , aber vielleicht kommt das auch noch . "
Gespenst der Regenbogenkoalition
Größere Sorgen als der FPÖ - Chef alleine macht dem SP - Chef offensichtlich die geballte Oppositionsmacht .
Die jüngste Vereinbarung von ÖVP , FPÖ und Grünen über eine gemeinsame Änderung des Wiener Wahlrechts nach einem etwaigen Wahlerfolg sei hier nur der Anfang .
" Was wurde hier noch vereinbart ?
Das kann doch nicht nur das Wahlrecht sein " , spekulierte Häupl über geheime Zusatzprotokolle .
Enttäuscht sei er in diesem Zusammenhang vor allem von VP - Chefin Christine Marek und Grünen - Frontfrau Maria Vassilakou : " Ministrantinnen zu spielen für den Herrn Strache , finde ich doch schon ein ziemlich starkes Stück . "
Hier bahne sich aus Hass auf die Sozialdemokraten ein gemeinsames Bündnis an : " So unwahrscheinlich ist das alles nicht . "
Hier seien dann die Wiener am Zug : " Wählen heißt : Wählerisch sein , auswählen . "
Und da gelte für die SPÖ : " Ja , wir machen 's und ja , wir können's " , bezog sich Häupl auf das doppeldeutige Motto des Parteitages : " Für Wien .
Wir machen's . "
Häupl : " Sozialbetrug ist lächerlich "
" Wer , wenn es nicht Sozialdemokraten machen , bekämpft die Armut in unserer Gesellschaft ? " , so Häupl rhetorisch .
Deshalb kümmere man sich auch um Sozialhilfeempfänger : " Für andere sind das Sozialschmarotzer . "
Man verwahre sich jedoch - ohne weltfremd zu sein - gegen Vorwürfe , dass es hier einen zu großzügigen Umgang mit Steuergeldern gebe : " Im Vergleich zum Steuerbetrug , den wir massenhaft in diesem Land erleben , ist der Sozialbetrug wirklich lächerlich . "
Deshalb bedürfe man der Mindestsicherung , schlug Häupl in dieselbe Kerbe wie sein Vorredner , Bundeskanzler Werner Faymann .
Schließlich spreche sich sogar das " FPÖ - BZÖ - Zebra " , Kärntens Landeshauptmann Gerhard Dörfler ( FPK ) , dafür aus .
Und nun wolle ÖVP - Klubobmann Karlheinz Kopf diese wieder diskutieren : " Herr Kopf : 740 Euro , das geben Sie wahrscheinlich bei einem Fest mit Freund an einem einzigen Abend aus .
Schämen Sie sich dafür , dass sie das auch noch infrage stellen ! "
Repolitisierung der Politik
International müsse man den Finanzmärkten mit Transaktionssteuern und einer europäischen Finanzmarktaufsicht begegnen : " Es geht um die Rückeroberung des Politischen durch die Politik , um eine Repolitisierung der Politik . "
Dabei stabile Budgets mit dem Aninvestieren gegen die Krise verbinden zu können , müsse man sich natürlich auch leisten können - und da sei Wien mit Generationen sozialdemokratischer Finanzstadträte gesegnet : " Von der Zwischenkriegszeit bis heute ist eine grundvernünftige Finanzpolitik gemacht worden . "
Auch im Bereich Bildungspolitik kämpfe die Sozialdemokratie geschlossen für die gemeinsame Schule der 10 - bis 14 - Jährigen , auch wenn er , Häupl , den GÖD - Vorsitzenden Fritz Neugebauer davon wohl nicht überzeugen werde können : " Ich kenne die Grenze meiner pädagogischen Fähigkeit - und Neubauer unterschreitet sie eindeutig .
Aber er soll in seiner
Welt des 19 .
Jahrhunderts leben . "
( APA )
Endangered species : Government worker
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Once upon a time , there was job security in a government job .
That 's no longer the case .
The layoff ax has hit public sector payrolls with force as states wrestle with massive budget shortfalls .
Since August 2008 , some 231,000 state and local government jobs have disappeared -- 22,000 last month alone , according to federal data .
The majority of the cuts are on the local level , which at 14.4 million workers is nearly three times the size of the state workforce .
Plus , unlike at the federal level , most of these cuts come from the ranks of teachers , cops , firefighters and social service workers .
And more pain is coming down the pike .
Some 19 states say they plan to implement layoffs to narrow budget gaps , according to a recent survey .
The cuts will be even deeper if Congress does n't give $ 24 billion to the states to help cover Medicaid costs .
This legislation , along with a $ 23 billion bill to fund teachers ' salaries , is bogged down in political posturing on Capitol Hill .
Even President Obama is voicing concerns about the impending wave of job cuts .
He wrote a letter to the leaders of both parties in the House and Senate on Saturday urging them to increase federal aid to the states .
Otherwise , the country faces " a mounting employment crisis at the state and local level that could set back the pace of our economic recovery . "
To be sure , the private sector has suffered more carnage during the Great Recession .
But government jobs are generally considered more secure , even during economic downturns .
The last time local government payrolls were smaller than the year before was in March 1984 .
And , while the companies have been adding jobs in recent months , the public sector continues to shrink because state and local economic revivals typically lag the national upturn by at least 18 months .
Nowhere else left to cut
Many governors and lawmakers are scrambling to balance their budgets for fiscal 2011 , which begins July 1 in 46 states .
State officials have already deeply slashed funds for programs and services , so the only place left to look for savings is payroll , said Raymond Scheppach , executive director of the National Governors Association .
Earlier in the recession , state officials tried to reduce employee expenses by instituting hiring freezes or furloughs .
More than half of states proposed or instituted unpaid leaves in fiscal 2010 , said Todd Haggerty , policy associate at the National Conference of State Legislatures .
But now that they are into their third year of tax revenue declines , states have little choice but to shed workers .
" In many cases , you are seeing many states going to layoffs now , " Haggerty said .
Take Wisconsin , for example .
Some 10 % of state workforce positions are vacant , the result of layoffs and hiring freezes , said Gov. Jim Doyle .
If Congress does n't provide additional Medicaid funds to the states , Wisconsin will have to shed another 2 % to 3 % of its payroll .
" We have cut and cut and cut , " he said in a recent conference call with reporters .
Still , it 's not easy -- or politically popular -- to slash government workers .
California 's public payroll , for instance , is 62,000 lighter than it was in the beginning of fiscal 2008 .
But it should have elminated 130,000 jobs considering the Golden State 's precipitous decline in revenues , according to a UCLA Anderson Forecast that was released Tuesday .
Trickle down
States , of course , are n't the only ones suffering .
Cities and local governments are , too .
Not only do local governments have to contend with their own revenue shortfalls , they also have to deal with reduced state aid .
Some 7 in 10 local officials said they had to resort to personnel cuts over the past year to balance their budgets , according to a National League of Cities report released last month .
Financial troubles on the municipal level usually hit teachers and social service workers the hardest .
But even police officers are not immune these days .
Slashing public payrolls hurts the greater economy , as well , experts said .
Not only does it increase unemployment , but it further drains the state of personal income taxes and of sales taxes when those jobless workers curtail their shopping .
And it could put additional stress on government services , such as Medicaid .
" The key to continued economic growth is job creation , " said Mark Zandi , chief economist of Moody 's Economy.com , who advocates more federal aid to the states .
Layoffs " put significant stress on an already fragile economic recovery . "
Top GOP recruit Vaughn Ward loses in Idaho primary
Top national GOP recruit Vaughn Ward on Tuesday lost his primary in Idaho after a series of missteps by his campaign , throwing the Republican Party 's chances in doubt against top- targeted Rep.
Walt Minnick ( D - Idaho ) .
Ward was trailing state Rep. Raul Labrador ( R ) 48 to 39 percent , with 90 percent of precincts reporting .
The Associated Press called the race for Labrador early Wednesday .
Ward becomes the latest establishment favorite to go down in defeat , although his loss will more likely be chalked up to his campaign 's myriad gaffes .
He was one of the first 10 candidates named to the final stage of the National Republican Congressional Committee 's ( NRCC ) Young Guns program for its top 2010 hopefuls this cycle .
Over the past month , however , his campaign has fallen victim to multiple charges of plagiarism , revelations that he did n't vote in the 2008 presidential election and a slip - up in which he said ( in front of his Puerto Rican - born opponent ) that Puerto Rico is a country ( hint : it 's not ) .
That opponent , Labrador , moves on to the general election and leaves national Republicans to evaluate where the race fits in their list of priorities this November .
Labrador , an immigration attorney , is something of a blank slate to Washington .
He joined the NRCC's Young Guns program but has yet to reach the goals required to be named to the first stage of the program .
Given the right candidate , the freshman Minnick 's district should be at the top of the GOP 's target list .
It went for Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) with 62 percent of the vote in 2008 , but former Rep. Bill Sali ( R - Idaho ) severely underperformed the top of the GOP ticket , losing narrowly to Minnick .
Sali backed Labrador , while Ward was backed by former Alaska governor Sarah Palin ( R ) .
Minnick has proven a savvy congressman , voting conservative on almost all major pieces of legislation and building a sizeable war chest for 2010 .
Republicans can't rely on merely a good environment to take him out .
In other races in Idaho on Tuesday , Gov. C.L. " Butch " Otter ( R ) and Sen. Mike Crapo ( R ) both overcame nominal primary opposition , as did Rep. Mike Simpson ( R - Idaho ) , who faced a reasonably well - funded opponent and was a Troubled Asset Relief Program ( a.k.a. bailout ) supporter .
All will be heavy favorites in the general election .
-- Aaron Blake
By The Fix | May 26 , 2010 ; 2:55 AM ET
Categories : House
Save & Share : Previous : Idaho primary day : Vaughn
Ward makes the finish line ( barely )
Next :
Ad wars in Arkansas heat up in advance of June 8 runoff
2010
05
26
02
55
Posted by : dennisnickell | May 27 , 2010 3:18 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Nosy_Parker | May 27 , 2010 11:16 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Nosy_Parker | May 27 , 2010 11:14 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Nosy_Parker | May 27 , 2010 11:14 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Nosy_Parker | May 27 , 2010 11:14 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Baxter24 | May 27 , 2010 10:49 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : threedy | May 27 , 2010 10:19 AM | Report abuse
Posted by : jaxas70 | May 27 , 2010 9:47 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : WPL22 | May 27 , 2010 8:17 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : jjedif | May 27 , 2010 2:14 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : surfer - joe | May 27 , 2010 12:34 AM | Report abuse
Posted by : OHIOCITIZEN | May 26 , 2010 7:07 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : malis | May 26 , 2010 6:32 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : bebopin2 | May 26 , 2010 5:20 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : carolinanc2002 | May 26 , 2010 2:15 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : WillSeattle | May 26 , 2010 1:54 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : WillSeattle | May 26 , 2010 1:51 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : sosueme1 | May 26 , 2010 12:56 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : 12BarBlues | May 26 , 2010 12:24 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : reason5 | May 26 , 2010 12:03 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : BobSanderson | May 26 , 2010 11:28 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : unpluggedboodah | May 26 , 2010 11:08 AM | Report abuse
Posted by : lildg54 | May 26 , 2010 11:04 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : trenda | May 26 , 2010 11:02 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : trenda | May 26 , 2010 11:01 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : OregonStorm | May 26 , 2010 10:59 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : lildg54 | May 26 , 2010 10:58 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : OregonStorm | May 26 , 2010 10:57 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : unpluggedboodah | May 26 , 2010 10:57 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : drindl | May 26 , 2010 10:55 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : utahmink | May 26 , 2010 10:46 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : utahmink | May 26 , 2010 10:45 AM | Report abuse
Posted by : unpluggedboodah | May 26 , 2010 10:43 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : LABC | May 26 , 2010 10:39 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : drindl | May 26 , 2010 10:35 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : drindl | May 26 , 2010 10:32 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : drindl | May 26 , 2010 10:11 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : joeyjoejoe | May 26 , 2010 10:08 AM | Report abuse
Posted by : drindl | May 26 , 2010 10:06 AM | Report abuse
Posted by : unpluggedboodah | May 26 , 2010 10:02 AM | Report abuse
Posted by : mark_in_austin | May 26 , 2010 10:00 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : unpluggedboodah | May 26 , 2010 9:59 AM | Report abuse
Posted by : EnemyOfTheState | May 26 , 2010 9:54 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : koolkat_1960 | May 26 , 2010 9:36 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : medogsbstfrnd | May 26 , 2010 9:35 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : koolkat_1960 | May 26 , 2010 9:34 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Lefty_ | May 26 , 2010 9:26 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Brigade | May 26 , 2010 9:21 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Brigade | May 26 , 2010 9:18 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Brigade | May 26 , 2010 9:16 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : jayjordan | May 26 , 2010 9:15 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : melissa4033 | May 26 , 2010 9:13 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Aquarius1 | May 26 , 2010 9:13 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : melissa4033 | May 26 , 2010 9:12 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Brigade | May 26 , 2010 9:08 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : margaretmeyers | May 26 , 2010 9:05 AM | Report abuse
Posted by : Brigade | May 26 , 2010 9:05 AM | Report abuse
Posted by : free - donny | May 26 , 2010 9:03 AM | Report abuse
Posted by : st50taw | May 26 , 2010 8:53 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Lefty_ | May 26 , 2010 8:46 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Lefty_ | May 26 , 2010 8:38 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Brigade | May 26 , 2010 8:27 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Brigade | May 26 , 2010 8:24 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Brigade | May 26 , 2010 8:18 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Brigade | May 26 , 2010 8:16 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : AxelDC | May 26 , 2010 8:02 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : medogsbstfrnd | May 26 , 2010 7:55 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : OttoDog | May 26 , 2010 7:32 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : bebopin2 | May 26 , 2010 6:44 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : bebopin2 | May 26 , 2010 6:35 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : bebopin2 | May 26 , 2010 6:23 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Realist20 | May 26 , 2010 6:23 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : dematheart | May 26 , 2010 6:11 AM | Report abuse
Posted by : bebopin2 | May 26 , 2010 6:09 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Realist20 | May 26 , 2010 6:08 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : margaretmeyers | May 26 , 2010 6:01 AM | Report abuse
Posted by : chrisbrown12 | May 26 , 2010 5:31 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : chrisbrown12 | May 26 , 2010 5:30 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : angie12106 | May 26 , 2010 5:15 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : blert | May 26 , 2010 4:46 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : edfunk1 | May 26 , 2010 4:43 AM
| Report abuse
The comments to this entry are closed .
No high - level officials have been prosecuted for the atrocities in Darfur
The ban comes as the chief prosecutor from the International Criminal Court told the UN Security Council that he wanted more co-operation from Sudan .
Luis Moreno Ocampo said he had identified mass killings and rape but had not decided who to prosecute .
Some two million people have fled their homes in the three - year Darfur war .
Sudan 's Justice Minister Muhammad Ali al - Mardi told the BBC that the ICC had no jurisdiction to try Sudanese nationals .
" We have the national law authority ...
The government is willing and able to try to these cases , " he said .
President targeted
The BBC's Jonah Fisher in Khartoum says only a few low - level military officers have faced charges over the violence in Darfur , which has left tens of thousands dead .
Millions of people have been displaced by the conflict
An earlier investigation by a UN - appointed commission drew up a list of 51 possible suspects for alleged war crimes in Darfur .
But Mr Ocampo said the ICC would conduct its own investigations and no decision had been taken as to whom to prosecute .
On Monday , lobby group Human Rights Watch called for senior Sudanese officials - including the president - to be investigated for crimes against humanity in Darfur .
Its latest report names more than a dozen civilian and military officials it says helped co-ordinate militias and armed forces who attacked civilians .
It adds that the leadership in Khartoum relied on the civilian administration , the military and Janjaweed militias to implement a counter - insurgency policy that deliberately targeted civilians .
A Sudanese official dismissed the report as " ridiculous " and " baseless " .
Sudan 's government has said that the violence in Darfur is a tribal conflict and the attacks are carried out by militias and rebels .
It denies that the state has co-ordinated the violence .
