Only a few hours left to Double your gift
Discussions of CO2 reduction tend to start from a presumption of near - term economic disruption coupled to long - term investment in green technology .
The presumption is n’t right .
The U.S. could reduce its total CO2 footprint by 14 - 20 percent tomorrow with no disruption in our access to energy services , without investing in any new infrastructure .
The Waxman - Markey proposal to reduce CO2 emissions by 17 percent over 10 years is constrained only by its ambition .
This near - term opportunity would be realized by ramping up our nation ’s generation of electricity from gas and ramping down our generation from coal , taking advantage only of existing assets .
Its scale and potential for immediate impact deserves consideration ; even partial action towards this goal would have dramatic political and environmental consequences , establishing U.S. leadership and credibility in global climate negotiations .
Understanding the Natural Gas Potential
About half of U.S. electricity is produced from coal while roughly 20 percent comes from gas .
However , this comes from a very different installed base .
The U.S. coal fleet runs base - loaded as much as it can while the gas fleet tends to run intermittently , only during those hours when the lower cost coal / nuclear / hydro capacity is unable to serve the full needs of the electric grid .
Thus , even though coal is more significant than gas in terms of its current contribution to our electricity needs , the existing gas fleet has a much larger potential to meet future needs .
Today ’s gas fleet was largely built out after the electric regulatory reforms of the late 1990s – and to a significant degree , we do n’t use it .
The following chart shows the capacity factor [ 1 ] of the gas and coal fleets .
While the coal fleet tends to run , and run often , the gas fleet does not .
Therein lies the potential .
A driver stuck in traffic may glance enviously at an empty commuter train buzzing past the highway ; likewise , we ought to take a closer look at the potential to shift our electricity away from a dirty , congested and comparatively small resource and into one that is larger , cleaner and comes with a lot more legroom .
Economic Considerations
Why does n’t the gas fleet run more often ?
This simple answer is fuel price .
Natural gas has historically been more expensive than coal , giving an economic advantage to coal fired generators .
However , the price of fuel is n’t the price of electricity .
Electric price is a strong function of fuel cost , but also depends on operating costs and fuel conversion efficiencies .
Fuel conversion efficiencies tend to be higher for gas plants relative to coal — and this advantage is growing with time , steadily eroding the coal fleet ’s fuel cost advantage .
The units on this chart are unconventional , but intentional .
The costs of gas and coal production are a function of production volumes rather than the MMBtus .
contained therein .
Thus , the economics of power plant operation scale with output per fuel volume more strongly than output per fuel Btu .
Over short time periods , the energy content of any given fuel tends to be fairly consistent , so this point is irrelevant .
However , longer - term trends have been affecting coal energy contents in material ways .
As Richard Heinberg [ 3 ] has shown , the heat content of delivered coal in the U.S. has been falling steadily since the 1950s .
This has been driven by two factors : ( 1 ) the exhaustion of higher - Btu , eastern coal fields and ( 2 ) the increasing preference for lower - sulfur , lower - Btu compliance coals in response to environmental pressures .
In addition , parasitic power demands imposed by mandated pollution control devices on the coal plants themselves have reduced net efficiencies for affected coal plants by a further 3 – 7 percent .
Taken together , these parasitic loads and falling fuel value explain the degradation in coal plant efficiency .
Meanwhile , the gas fleet efficiency keeps rising .
This has been driven not by fuel , but technology .
Broadly speaking , the U.S. gas fleet consists of three distinct technologies : ( 1 ) Steamers – gas - fired boilers and steam turbines ; ( 2 ) Turbines – jet engines , converted to electric generation Use and exhausting hot gas , and ( 3 ) Combined Cycle Gas Turbines – a combination of the two , where the hot gas from a turbine is used to raise steam and run a steam turbine .
Combined cycles are by far the most efficient of the three technologies , and were the preferred technology in the late 1990s fleet build - out observed in Figure 1 .
In upcoming years , the coal fleet is likely to get ever - less efficient as the inexorable bias towards lower - quality coal and tighter environmental standards continue .
Meanwhile , the gas fleet is likely to become ever - more efficient ; absent new construction , these plants will increase their output with demand growth ( and possibly , picking up load previously served by coal ) , and they tend to have lousy part - load efficiencies .
Thus , as they operate at higher load factors , they consume less fuel per MWh .
Moreover , as the gas fleet ramps up , it will preferentially favor combined cycles — the most efficient part of the fleet .
However , the combined cycles are today running at only 35 percent capacity factor .
Given a 35 percent current capacity factor on 223 GW of capacity , this implies the potential to produce an additional 1.3 million GWh / year from the existing combined cycle fleet .
The heat rate on this fleet — 7,434 Btu / kWh in 2008 — is likely lower on the margin , due to the aforementioned efficiency penalties at partial load .
How does this compare to the coal fleet ?
The following chart shows the fuel efficiency of each plant in the U.S. coal fleet , ranked from highest to lowest .
Note that the most efficient coal plant in the country has a heat rate of 9,100 Btu / kWh — meaning that the plant consumes 2,000 more Btus of fuel for every kWh of output than the combined cycle gas turbine fleet .
The rest of the coal fleet is worse .
If we increased the operation of our combined cycle fleet , we would first turn off the least efficient coal plants at nearly 15,000 Btu / kWh , then sequentially idle more efficient facilities .
CO2 emissions would fall as a function of the ( fixed ) differential in fuel carbon content and ( variable ) differential in the efficiency of each marginal generating station .
Now look at what this means for electricity price .
Figure 5 uses the fuel price history from and calculates the electricity - generation cost given a 7,100 Btu / kWh marginal heat rate on the combined cycle fleet and an 11,500 Btu / kWh marginal heat rate on the coal fleet .
( The higher value on the coal fleet is to reflect the vulnerable coal plants on the margin ; it is not representative of the entire fleet , but rather to indicate the point at which — on fuel price alone — there is an economic logic to drive a shift in the dispatch order . )
Note first that during the early / mid 1990s , there was a long period during which — had the combined cycle fleet existed — it would have been dispatched preferentially ahead of the marginal coal fleet .
This further explains the explosion in gas fleet construction in the latter half of that decade ; not only were markets finally liberalized to allow greater private sector investment , but investors had reason to believe that there was an arbitrage opportunity from those combined cycles .
Subsequent gas price spikes left many of those assets underutilized , but the fleet is now there , capital costs sunk , waiting for another arbitrage opportunity .
The opportunity may be upon U.S. , even before any consideration of CO2 pricing .
CO2 prices could well prove to be the final straw .
The following chart shows the CO2 price required to shift the dispatch over a range of gas and coal prices .
Note that at current gas / coal prices , we are already at that breakeven point .
Moreover , even if gas returns to the $ 5 – 6 / MMBtu price implied by current NYMEX futures , a carbon price of less than $ 20 / ton would shift the dispatch decisively towards natural gas - fired generation .
Environmental Considerations
Let us now look at the environmental consequences .
On a fuel - basis , natural gas is approximately 60 percent as CO2 - intensive as coal .
[ 5 ]
Once differential generation efficiencies are factored in , electricity from natural gas is just ~ 40 percent as CO2 - intensive as electricity from coal .
Note , however , that the CO2 benefit per MWh from natural gas is a function of the relative efficiency of the marginal coal and gas units coming on / off line — and as we have seen , that efficiency is not a consistent number for either fleet .
As it turns out , fully shutting off the U.S. coal fleet would require fully utilizing our entire combined cycle fleet and increasing the operation of a portion of the less efficient gas generators .
Fully utilizing the existing combined cycle fleet would idle almost 70 percent of the existing U.S. coal fleet — in itself , a remarkable potential .
To shut down the entire coal fleet , we would also have to increase the capacity factor of the rest of the gas fleet to 58 percent , bringing the entire gas fleet up to a 72 percent capacity factor ( about where the coal fleet is today ) .
The following chart shows the percent reduction in total annual U.S. CO2 emissions that would accrue from this switch .
These calculations have been done on a dispatch basis , such that each incremental MWh switched has a lower net CO2 benefit , as incrementally less efficient gas displaces incrementally more efficient coal .
These values are staggering .
Ramping up the existing combined cycle fleet to full capacity would reduce total U.S. CO2 emissions by 14 percent .
Increasing the capacity factor of the less efficient portions of the fleet up to the level required to shut off all the nation ’s coal plants would reduce total U.S. CO2 emissions by a whopping 20 percent .
These reductions could be accomplished tomorrow , practically with the flip of a switch , and immediately call into question the ambition of current regulations seeking a 17 percent reduction over 10 years .
Context : the entire U.S. electric sector releases 2.2 billion metric tonnes / year of CO2 .
Simply changing the dispatch order of our existing fleet could instantly cut these emissions in half .
Is there any other near - term opportunity of this scale ?
To be sure , there are a host of practical considerations with this shift , but even if only half this opportunity is available , it massive .
More context : Pacala and Socolow have estimated that we need to reduce CO2 emissions by 25.9 gigatonnes ( “ Gt ” ) per year in order to stabilize atmospheric CO2 concentrations at 500 ppm — the upper end what most climate scientists agree to be safe .
They break this up into 7 equal chunks of 3.7
Gt / yr each to help conceptualize a series of more manageable “ wedges ” . [ 6 ]
For example , doubling the fuel efficiency of every vehicle in the world would yield one wedge , bringing us 1/7th of the way towards our necessary goals .
This gas / coal switch , at 1.1 Gt / yr would facilitate about 1/3 of a wedge .
Not the whole solution by far , but a very significant , comparatively simple step towards solving a massive global problem — and one that could likely be replicated to varying degrees in any other country with a mix of gas - and coal - fired generation assets .
Limitations and Areas of outstanding uncertainty
This opportunity is clearly subject to constraints beyond the simple size and power output of the gas and coal fleet .
Gas Supply
The U.S. power sector today consumes 6.6 quadrillion Btus ( “ quads ” ) of natural gas per year , out of a total , economy - wide gas demand of 23.3 quads / year .
Fully shutting down the entire U.S. coal fleet and replacing with gas would increase the power sector as demand by another ~ 16 quads / year , increasing total U.S. gas demand by 71 percent .
This raises obvious questions about gas supply and price .
Such questions are particularly resonant in light of the recent shale developments that have drastically increased U.S. proven gas reserves and — according to their supporters — changed the dynamics of gas exploration in ways that could affect gas price and volatility .
Whether these predictions materialize or not , it is clear that any gas / coal shift will ultimately be constrained by gas price and supply .
At a minimum , this suggests that we may be in the midst of a transition ; prior to the 1990s , gas prices tended to correlate with oil , as one swapped out the other as a heating fuel .
That relationship has broken down in recent years — might we be entering a period in which the gas / oil arbitrage is replaced by a gas / coal + CO2 price arbitrage ?
In any event , supply constraints are no reason not to start this switch ; they simply set limits on how far we can go .
Gas and Electric Transmission Constraints
Hawaii has no electrical connection to the mainland , and is unlikely to get one anytime soon .
Hawaii also has no gas fired generation , although they do have some coal .
It ’s a fairly safe bet that we will never ramp up gas - generation in the lower 48 sufficient to shut down Hawaii ’s coal fired power plants .
For similar , but less obvious reasons , those parts of the country that are heavily dominated by gas or coal generation will not be able to fully effectuate this switch without compromising electric power availability , absent upgrades in transmission capacity .
Fully quantifying this limit requires a detailed analysis of the electric power grid that is beyond the purview of this analysis .
However , as a first approximation , consider the following map of the U.S. , ranking states only by the ratio of their gas : coal generation capacity .
A high ratio ( the blue states ) implies that the state is dominated by gas , and therefore likely to run into overvoltage problems if they increased local gas generation .
By contrast , a very low ratio ( the black states ) implies that the state is dominated by coal , and therefore unlikely to be able to bring in gas - fired generation to maintain grid stability if they were to shut down their coal plants .
A gas / coal switch is unlikely to be realized in the coal - dominated Appalachian / Montana - Utah region , nor in the gas dominated Northeast / California regions , but for much of the country , it does appear viable .
Interestingly , the states with a particularly high coal - or gas - concentration comprise a fairly small fraction of the total coal fleet .
There are relatively few states with extreme concentrations of coal or gas , and in total , those outliers represent less than 20 percent of the total coal fleet .
The U.S. , it would appear on first glance that gas and electric transmission constraints are unlikely to reduce this opportunity by more than 20 – 30 percent — and even that limit could theoretically be addressed with transmission system upgrades .
Long - Term & Demand Considerations
There are two obvious .
limitations of this analysis :
1 . It does not address the question of what we will build in response to carbon pricing , only how we will change our operation of existing assets .
2 . It is a supply side assessment , and one that implicitly assumes no change in current demand for electricity .
Both constraints are imposed by the nature of the question asked and certainly can affect these conclusions .
Both are likely addressed by greater efficiency , both with respect to more efficient new generators ( the lowest cost source of new generation ) and with respect to demand side measures that would lower the total demand , potentially allowing us to retire the coal fleet more quickly .
Political constraints
This may be the most important .
The current climate debate has again proven the political aphorism that “ losers cry louder than winners cheer ” .
As E&E Daily reports , coal - fired utilities spent $ 35.1 million lobbying Congress in the first quarter of 2009 alone , while the entire gas industry spent just $ 3.3 million during the same period . [ 7 ]
( Indeed , the gas industry trade associations have publicly all but conceded that they were a non-player during the Waxman - Markey negotiations . )
This political reality is unlikely to change .
The coal industry knows exactly how much they stand to lose , and can be expected to play an appropriately aggressive defensive strategy .
This will surely lead to any number of carve outs and protections on a federal and local level that will limit the ability of this shift to occur .
Conclusions
This review is far from exhaustive , and in no way intended to suggest that a silver - bullet for climate policy .
The long - term stability of our climate demands massive success on multiple fronts given the size of our collective environmental footprint .
However , the potential for this gas / coal switch to immediately lower CO2 emissions is larger than any other near term solution short of more economically - objectionable reductions in people ’s access to energy .
On that basis alone , it deserves attention .
[ 1 ] Total actual annual generation divided by ( generator nameplate x 8760 hours / year ) .
All raw data for this and subsequent data comes from DOE / Energy Information Administration unless otherwise noted .
[ 2 ] Natural gas data prior to 1989 omitted due to inconsistent EIA reporting of behind - the - fence generation .
[ 3 ]
Heinberg , Richard , “ The Future of Coal ” , November 17 , 2008 .
[ 4 ]
At 11,500 Btu / kWh marginal coal plant , 7,100 Btu / kWh marginal gas plant
[ 5 ] ~ 115 lbs/ MMBtu for natural gas vs. ~200 lbs/ MMBtu for coal
[ 6 ] Pacala S. , and R. Socolow , “ Stabilization Wedges : Solving the Climate Problem for the Next 50 Years with Current Technologies ” , Science , vol 305 , August 13 , 2004 .
Pacala & Socolow measure their units in Gt of carbon , rather than CO2 ( 1 ton C = 3.7 tons CO2 ) , and therefore frame their wedges in terms of 7 Gt / year total reduction , 1 Gt / yr per wedge .
Units here have been multiplied for more direct comparison with the rest of the calculations herein .
[ 7 ]
http://www.eenews.net/public/Greenwire/2009/07/13/1
Finnish yacht builder Baltic Yachts is going to launch a high - performance sailing yacht in Summer , 2010 .
Designed in cooperation with Reichel - Pugh and Nauta Design , the Baltic 112 RPN will be simple but functional for racing and comfortable for cruising .
Carbon - fibre composite construction provides high performances and acoustic insulation reduces unwanted noises , especially when the engine is running .
As the owner wanted the new superyacht to deliver high speed characteristics , the developers paid their intent attention to the problem of reducing weight of the boat .
The Baltic 112 RPN will have a displacement of just 90 tons , a low figure considering that this boat also incorporates a lifting keel , capable of reducing the maximum draft of 5.50 metres to just 3.50 metres .
Special isolation thickness has been specified at 30 - 40 mm whereas many motor yacht projects might specify 300 mm .
Reichel - Pugh , have drawn the sleek lines of the Baltic 112 RPN Custom , while Nauta Yachts in Milan has been responsible for much of the styling , the colours , the choice of woods , and other details .
“ We have put a lot of effort into making the deck simple but functional for racing .
The deck gear is racing oriented , with many custom - made items from Harken .
Some of the blocks they have made for this boat are beautiful .
We went through three revisions of the deck layout to get things as close to perfection as we can ” , – said Pekka Laurila , the Project Manager .
The Baltic 112 RPN is very simple in control , she can be handled by two or three people .
The mainsail will be hoisted on to a halyard lock to remove some of the compression from the mast .
A removable bowsprit can be put in place if gennakers are required for racing or fast long - distance passages at sea .
The interiors of the Baltic 112 were designed in classic style .
Salon and guest cabins are spacious and light , they have been decorated with the mahogany wood and white leather panels .
Specification of the Baltic 112 RPN :
LOA : 34,135m
LWL : 30,758m
Beam : 7,520m
Draft : 5,50/3,50m
Displacement : 87000 kg
Main engine : Cummins QSB59 - 355 Hp at 2800 RPM
Accommodation : 14 persons , 7 cabins
* * *
Related links :
Baltic Yachts
Reichel - Pugh
Nauta Yachts
Photo : nautayachts.com
Avatar : an all - purpose allegory
James Cameron ’s sci-fi epic Avatar has becoming something of a political rorsarch test around the world .
The story of the alien Na’avi ’s struggles against the invasion of Earth ’s military - industrial complexhas taken on some surprising allegorical means for movements around the world :
Palestinian protesters in the town of Bilin dressed up as Na’avi recently to protest the Israeli occupation of the West Bank .
Bolivia ’s leftist President Evo Morales has praised Avatar as a " profound show of resistance to capitalism and the struggle for the defense of nature . "
as a " profound show of resistance to capitalism and the struggle for the defense of nature . "
Chinese bloggers have compared the film ’s story to the exploitation of Chinese citizens by government - backed real estate developers — a factor that may have contributed to the film being pulled from Chinese theaters .
Activists ran ads in the Hollywood newspaper Variety comparing the Na’avi to India ’s forest - dwelling indigenous tribe , the Dongria , whose territory is now threatened by a planned bauxite mine .
comparing the Na’avi to India ’s forest - dwelling indigenous tribe , the Dongria , whose territory is now threatened by a planned bauxite mine .
Environmentalists Lori Pottinger compared the story of Avatar to the Brazilian government ’s plans to build dams in the Amazon Basin .
to the Brazilian government ’s plans to build dams in the Amazon Basin .
Russian Communists described the film as an attempt to justify Barack Obama ’s Nobel Peace Prize .
New York Times columinist Ross Douthat called the movie " an apolologia for pantheism . "
columinist Ross Douthat called the movie " an apolologia for pantheism . "
David Boaz of the libertarian Cato Institute says the movie is about " defending property rights " .
Last but not least , Cameron himself says the movie is an allegory about the U.S. war on terror .
Personally , the movie struck me as a critique of counterinsurgency : the humans talked a good game about cultural understanding and minimizing civilian casualties to reassure the folks back home , but they were really just on Pandora to conquer and exploit .
Then again , it could have just been a movie about aliens .
Wealthy contributors to the GOP are reportedly " shunning " the Republican National Committee over concerns that Chairman Michael Steele may be more focused on promoting his new book and collecting personal speaking fees than on the needs of the party .
Since he took over as leader a year ago , the RNC 's cash levels have fallen from $ 22.8 million to just $ 8.7 million .
Steele 's response to the wave of censure has been to tell his critics to " shut up " and " get a life . "
Can he still be an effective leader for the GOP ?
Time 's up , Steele : Michael Steele needs to go , says Yomin Postelnik in The Sonoran Weekely Review .
Not only is Steele " clueless on policy , devoid of ideas and bereft of a competitive political philosophy , " he 's dragging the GOP down with his latest round of rash remarks .
By telling Sean Hannity in an interview that Republicans do n't have a chance at re-taking the House of Representatives in 2010 , Steele is " deflating " the morale of the party .
" Chairman Steele , " there are plenty of Democrats " perfectly capable " of attacking Republicans .
" They do n’t need your help . "
" An open call for the resignation of Michael Steele "
Steele deserves our continued loyalty : " Let 's give credit where credit is due , " says Shannon Bell in Right Pundits .
Steele has been " very vocal in his opposition to Obama " when Congressional leadership " has n't . "
And now that he 's begun voicing support for the " grassroots " Tea Party movement , " he ’s catching it from the establishment . "
But Steele remains a " great asset for the Republican Party " — and " I 'm with him " when he tells his critics to " shut up . "
" Michael Steele : ' Get a life or shut up ' ; RNC donors say shut up "
Now or later ? :
Steele is a " fool " and " buffoon , " says David Corn in Politics Daily .
Even speaking as a liberal , it 's clearly in the best interest of the Republican party to give him the ax .
" But bounce the first African - American head of the GOP , at the start of an election season ?
That sure would n't look good . "
But given the unlikelihood of Steele " getting his act together , " the cost of waiting till after the elections might also be too high .
" Michael Steele : Should he go now ... or later ? "
...........................................
SEE MORE OF THE WEEK'S MICHAEL STEELE COVERAGE
• Video : Michael Steele ' embrace ' the Tea Party
• Michael Steele 's abortion reversal
• Michael Steele vs. Rush Limbaugh
- video encodings still in process -
Are we really the smartest creatures on earth ?
If the road to hell is paved with good intentions , then Barack Obama has been in the fast lane when it comes to bipartisanship .
Now one year into his presidency , his near - pathological obsession with consensus has only served to resurrect a moribund GOP while leaving his agenda and his own party teetering on the brink .
It did n't have to be this way .
Not if Barack Obama had understood Krugman 's Law and heeded the lessons of Dick Cheney .
Listened to Cheney , that is , not on national security , but on domestic politics .
Following the disputed 2000 election , the Bush - Cheney transition team prepared to assume the White House without either a popular vote mandate or dominant majorities in Congress .
But while the mainstream media consensus concluded that a " weakened " President Bush would have to govern from the center and " build bridges to the opposition , " Dick Cheney had a different idea .
Especially when it came to the Republican ticket 's radical plan of tax cuts for the economy , Cheney insisted :
" We do n't negotiate with ourselves . "
As Barton Gellman details in his book , Angler : The Cheney Vice Presidency , Dick Cheney made it abundantly clear that the Bush administration would put pedal to the metal in pursuit of its radical agenda .
In a series of media appearances that December , Cheney proceeded as if the Florida recount and Bush v. Gore had never happened .
His December 3 , 2000 exchange with the late Tim Russert on Meet the Press is particularly telling :
RUSSERT : Governor Bush and you campaigned on a platform of a $ 1.3 trillion tax cut .
Now that the Senate is 50 - 50 , Democrats - Republicans , and the Republicans control the House by eight or nine votes , wo n't you have to scale down your tax cut in order to pass it ? [...]
But , in reality , with a 50 - 50 Senate and a close , close , small majority in the House , you 're going to have to have a moderate , mainstream , centrist governance , are n't you ?
CHENEY : Oh , I think so . [...]
But I think there 's no reason in the world why we can't do exactly what Governor Bush campaigned on .
Two weeks later , following the controversial Supreme Court decision which made George W. Bush the 43rd President , Cheney made his case even more forcefully on Face the Nation :
" As President - elect Bush has made very clear , he ran on a particular platform that was very carefully developed .
It 's his program , it 's his agenda , and we have no intention at all of backing off of it .
It 's why we got elected .
So we 're going to aggressively pursue tax changes , tax reform , tax cuts , because it 's important to do so . [...]
The suggestion that somehow , because this was a close election , we should fundamentally change our beliefs , I just think is silly . "
When Gloria Borger interrupted to object that " with all due respect , the Democrats are saying that this administration cannot proceed as the Reagan administration did , for example , with a large tax bill , because you do n't have the mandate that a Ronald Reagan . , " Cheney fired back :
" There is no reason in the world , and I simply do n't buy the notion , that somehow we come to office now as a , quote , ' weakened president . ' [...]
We 've got a good program , and we 're going to pursue it . "
Which is exactly what transpired .
By May 2001 , President Bush and Vice President Cheney had their $ 1.35 trillion tax cut , courtesy of precisely the strategy Borger ridiculed as " cherry pick[ing ] one or two Democrats here and there and get them to sign on to whatever tax bill you have . "
But eight years later , Barack Obama did not follow the Bush - Cheney example .
As it turned out , the deadly combination of Obama 's hands - off approach to legislation and unending appeasement of Republicans determined to destroy him was both futile and counterproductive .
The $ 787 billion stimulus package was unnecessarily laden with tax breaks and watered down , much smaller than the $ 1.2 trillion his team believed it needed to be .
And for all of Obama 's outreach to Republicans , they thanked him with zero votes in the House and near - total opposition in the Senate .
And as Bill Kristol confidently predicted in February , it only served to mobilize the Party of No for the future :
" But the loss of credibility , even if they jam it through , really hurts them on the next , on the next piece of legislation .
Clinton got through his tax increases in ' 93 , it was such a labor and he had to twist so many arms to do it and he became so unpopular ...
... That it made , that it made it so much easier to then defeat his health care initiative .
So , it 's very important for Republicans who think they 're going to have to fight later on on health care , fight later on maybe on some of the bank bailout legislation , fight later on on all kinds of issues .
It 's very important for them , I think , not just to stay united at this time , though that 's important , but to make the arguments . "
Instead of kicking them when they were down , Obama offered bruised and battered Republicans a hand up .
In return , they gutted his stimulus program and stonewalled his health care plan .
As this week 's disaster in Massachusetts showed , Obama 's good intentions helped a flat - lining Republican Party get off the mat and imperil the Democratic program .
Nobel Prize winning economist and New York Times columnist saw in all coming .
On January 5th , 2009 , he predicted what would come to pass in an early statement of Krugman 's Law .
For all of his goodwill , White House meetings , compromises and lofty rhetoric , the new President would - and did - get the back of the hand from Republicans :
" Look , Republicans are not going to come on board .
Make 40 % of the package tax cuts , they 'll demand 100 % .
Then they 'll start the thing about how you can't cut taxes on people who do n't pay taxes ( with only income taxes counting , of course ) and demand that the plan focus on the affluent .
Then they 'll demand cuts in corporate taxes .
And Mitch McConnell is already saying that state and local governments should get loans , not aid - which would undermine that part of the plan , too . "
And as I 've previously suggested , there is also Krugman 's Corollary .
Fearful of a Democratic majority for years to come , Republicans are afraid not that Barack Obama 's economic recovery and health care initiatives will fail , but that they might succeed .
Or as Krugman put it on January 26th :
" Conservatives really , really do n't want to see a second New Deal , and they certainly do n't want to see government activism vindicated .
So they are reaching for any stick they can find with which to beat proposals for increased government spending . "
Which is exactly right .
Barack Obama was well - meaning and sincere on bipartisanship and " changing the tone " in Washington .
But in producing both suboptimal public policy and a politically reinvigorated Republican Party , Obama 's good faith ultimately resulted in the worst of all worlds .
Just as Paul Krugman warned .
And of all people , Barack Obama should have listened to Dick Cheney .
( This piece also appears at Perrspectives . )
NOTE : For other takes on Obama 's year of self - inflicted wounds , see Paul Krugman ( " What Didn't Happen " ) and Drew Westen ( " Obama Finally Gets His Victory For Bipartisanship " ) .
After the shock shooting up of the Togo team bus in Angola , people are beginning to wonder what this means for the World Cup to be held in South Africa later this year .
For the latest news and updates from Goal.com , follow our Twitter account !
Friday evening in Cabinda , Angola , a team bus carrying the Togolese national squad was fired upon when entering at the border between Congo and Angola .
The incident left the bus driver , assistant coach and media officer dead while two Sparrow Hawk players were injured in the shooting and their condition has not yet been ascertained .
The act of terrorism has sparked fears worldwide and for their own safety and because of what happened , the team have reportedly decided to pull out of the tournament and return home .
Inevitably the world ’s gaze will now turn to South Africa as the host of the World Cup in June this year , but the world needs to realize that Africa is not a country , but a continent , and there are thousands of kilometers between Angola and the country which is preparing to host football ’s greatest tournament in the summer .
The situation in the two countries are quite different , and while both have had their problems in the past , South Africa cannot be compared to Angola in terms of safety and security .
First of all it is important to understand the history affecting Angola and why the conflict still rages on in the country
What happened in Angola was terrible , but to be fair it should have been avoided by those involved in the organization of the competition .
The rebels in Cabinda operate in that region to begin with , and CAF should have considered the dangers of hosting games in a city which is still not a peaceful zone .
The situation is different in South Africa however , as they do not have rebels or militia waiting to make a statement at their borders .
South Africa is a peaceful country , which is often the leader in bringing peace to other regions of Africa , acting as mediators in times of aggression .
If one looks back to last year and just before a successfully hosted FIFA Confederations Cup , the attack on the Sri Lanka cricket team in Pakistan forced organizers of the Indian Premier League ( IPL ) to look for a last minute replacement country to host the tournament .
With less than a month before the start of the tournament , the IPL was moved to South Africa as a result of security concerns as safety could not be guaranteed in the region .
South Africa hosted a fine championship with no issues of safety , and there is no evidence to suggest that the World Cup will be any different .
There is of course the threat that other terrorist groups looking for the attention of the world could see South Africa as a perfect place to target , but the country has known this for quite some time now and measures have been put into place and organizations set up to combat the threat of terrorism , should it occur .
The staging of the World Cup brings with it a certain focus and media rich environment that could create a potential target for terrorists aiming to capture the attention of the world with an act of cowardly violence .
The man whose job it is to neutralize these types of threats is director David Garnett - 2010 Senior Operations Coordinator - and he is mustering all his forces to combat terrorists .
A grand plan is coming together to secure the routes , accommodation and tourist attractions .
South Africa will be super safe by June .
Backing up the average cops on the street is the police task force , who have spent months in training ahead of 2010 .
At a press conference Garnet said , “ Special forces are going to be utilized according to their roles and responsibilities .
Those details I 'm not going to make public for obvious reasons because they remain the sharp edge of our policing .
" He is also planning to supplement South African forces with foreign police .
" We are in the process of inviting the police agencies from the countries who are attending the event to provide us with 16 to 20 police officers who will then be deployed in South Africa , ” he said .
“ They will then accompany their team and will be deployed in tourist areas where the team and their spectators are going to be at the specific matches .
” Garnet continued , " The police are about 175 000 - strong at present and we are calling up some 41 000 , so there are many police officers left who will be conducting their normal crime prevention , law enforcement and investigation duties .
We do not leave the rest of South Africa without any policing - that would be ludicrous .
"
In terms of the recent wave of terrorism , the air force is prepared to deal with any airborne threats that may present themselves .
Brigadier General Les Lombard , in charge of Planning & Execution of Airspace Security said , " Well , from the ground we can have an aircraft in the air within a minute .
We believe it is a fairly low risk threat at this stage , but all risks we are catering for and exercising against any type of threat .
" After 18 months of World Cup specific training regarding any threats during the competition , the police , emergency services and the air force gave the media a glimpse of their training before the Confederations Cup .
In a mock exercise , hijackers stormed in and captured members of the media .
Three state of the art Hawk fighter jets were immediately commandeered to force the rogue plane down and , for the sake of the exercise , it landed .
The hijackers were apprehended and hostages freed by a tactical task force .
Meanwhile , a robot diffused a bomb on the tarmac .
It was an example of what could happen in an emergency , and the training involved with the various situations portrayed in the exercise was impressive .
Lombard explained , " The worst case scenario would be that there would be intervention on the aircraft which could lead to the aircraft being shot down , but for that we would need presidential approval .
"
The fact that such situations have been taken into consideration is another reason why the World Cup is bound to be a success in South Africa .
So much planning has gone into every detail of the competition .
For the duration of the World Cup all aircraft flying within 50 nautical miles of a stadium will be deemed to be in military airspace .
Working closely with civil aviation , even the air crews will need to be pre-approved .
Garnet added , " Obviously terrorism remains one of our main focus areas from a safety and security perspective .
But I can tell you that we put in contingency plans to deal with any event in South Africa .
We have dealt with major events in the past .
We 've had over 140 major events in the country since 1994 so I am confident from an international perspective that South Africa is quite safe .
" Until now , South Africa has been spared in terrorism attacks against Western interests worldwide , but the World Cup provides a target for such terrorists , and the security personnel involved in 2010 safety will be keeping that in mind ahead of the tournament .
In any case , the spotlight on Angola and the Cabinda rebels should not cast a shadow on South Africa , because the country is preparing for the worst and expecting the best .
Every time a friend with kids in school tells me textbooks are too generic , I think back to that moment .
" Who writes these things ? " people ask me .
I have to tell them , without a hint of irony , " No one . "
It 's symptomatic of the whole muddled mess that is the $ 4.3 billion textbook business .
I got a hint of things to come when I overheard my boss lamenting , " The books are done and we still do n't have an author !
I must sign someone today ! "
Some years ago , I signed on as an editor at a major publisher of elementary school and high school textbooks , filled with the idealistic belief that I 'd be working with equally idealistic authors to create books that would excite teachers and fill young minds with Big Ideas .
Textbooks are a core part of the curriculum , as crucial to the teacher as a blueprint is to a carpenter , so one might assume they are conceived , researched , written , and published as unique contributions to advancing knowledge .
In fact , most of these books fall far short of their important role in the educational scheme of things .
They are processed into existence using the pulp of what already exists , rising like swamp things from the compost of the past .
The mulch is turned and tended by many layers of editors who scrub it of anything possibly objectionable before it is fed into a government - run " adoption " system that provides mediocre material to students of all ages .
Welcome to the Machine
The first product I helped create was a basal language arts program .
The word basal refers to a comprehensive package that includes students ' textbooks for a sequence of grades , plus associated teachers ' manuals and endless workbooks , tests , answer keys , transparencies , and other " ancillaries . "
My company had dominated this market for years , but the brass felt that our flagship program was dated .
They wanted something new , built from scratch .
Credit : Monte Wolverton
Sounds like a mandate for innovation , right ?
It was n't .
We got all the language arts textbooks in use and went through them carefully , jotting down every topic , subtopic , skill , and subskill we could find at each grade level .
We compiled these into a master list , eliminated the redundancies , and came up with the core content of our new textbook .
Or , as I like to call it , the " chum . "
But wait .
If every publisher was going through this same process ( and they were ) , how was ours to stand out ?
Time to stir in a philosophy .
By philosophy , I mean a pedagogical idea .
These conceptual enthusiasms surge through the education universe in waves .
Textbook editors try to see the next one coming and shape their program to embody it .
The new ideas are born at universities and wash down to publishers through research papers and conferences .
Textbook editors swarm to events like the five - day International Reading Association conference to pick up the buzz .
They all run around wondering , What 's the coming thing ?
Is it critical thinking ?
Metacognition ?
Constructivism ?
Project learning ?
At those same conferences , senior editors look for up - and - coming academics and influential educational consultants to sign as " authors " of the textbooks that the worker bees are already putting together back at the shop .
Content Lite
Once a philosophy has been fixed on and added , we shape the pulp to fit key curriculum guidelines .
Every state has a prescribed compendium of what kids should learn -- tedious lists of bulleted objectives consisting mostly of sentences like this :
" The student shall be provided content necessary to formulate , discuss , critique , and review hypotheses , theories , laws , and principles and their strengths and weaknesses . "
If you should meet a textbook editor and he or she seems eccentric ( odd hair , facial tics , et cetera ) , it 's because this is a person who has spent hundreds of hours scrutinizing countless pages filled with such action items , trying to determine if the textbook can arguably be said to support each objective .
Of course , no one looks at all the state frameworks .
Arizona 's guidelines ?
Frankly , my dear , we do n't give a damn .
Rhode Island's ?
Pardon me while I die laughing .
Some states are definitely more important than others .
More on this later .
Eventually , at each grade level , the editors distill their notes into detailed outlines , a task roughly comparable to what sixth - century jurists in Byzantium must have faced when they carved Justinian 's Code out of the jungle of Roman law .
Finally , they divide the outline into theoretically manageable parts and assign these to writers to flesh into sentences .
What comes back is n't even close to being the book .
The first project I worked on was at this stage when I arrived .
My assignment was to reduce a stack of pages 17 inches high , supplied by 40 writers , to a 3 - inch stack that would sound as if it had all come from one source .
The original text was just ore .
A few of the original words survived , I suppose , but no whole sentences .
To avoid the unwelcome appearance of originality at this stage , editors send their writers voluminous guidelines .
I am one of these writers , and this summer I wrote a ten - page story for a reading program .
The guideline for the assignment , delivered to me in a three - ring binder , was 300 pages long .
Bon Appétit
With so much at stake , how did we get into this turgid mess ?
In the 1980s and '90s , a feeding frenzy broke out among publishing houses as they all fought to swallow their competitors : Harcourt Brace Jovanovich bought Holt , Rinehart and Winston .
Houghton Mifflin bought D.C. Heath and Co. McGraw - Hill bought Macmillan .
Silver Burdett bought Ginn -- or was it Ginn that bought Silver ?
It does n't matter , because soon enough both were devoured by Prentice Hall , which in turn was gobbled up by Simon & Schuster .
Then , in the late '90s , even bigger corporations began circling .
Almost all the familiar textbook brands of yore vanished or ended up in the bellies of just four big sharks : Pearson , a British company ; Vivendi Universal , a French firm ; Reed Elsevier , a British - Dutch concern ; and McGraw - Hill , the lone American - owned textbook conglomerate .
This concentration of money and power caused dramatic changes .
In 1974 , there were 22 major basal reading programs ; now there are five or six .
As the number of basals ( in all subject areas ) shrank , so did editorial staffs .
Many downsized editors floated off and started development houses , private firms that contract with educational publishers to deliver chunks of programs .
They hire freelance managers to manage freelance editors to manage teams of freelance writers to produce text that skeleton crews of development - house executives sent on to publishing - house executives , who then pass it on to various committees for massaging .
A few years ago , I got an assignment from a development house to write a lesson on a particular reading skill .
The freelance editor sent me the corresponding lessons from our client 's three major competitors .
" Here 's what the other companies are doing , " she told me .
" Cover everything they do , only better . "
I had to laugh : I had written ( for other development houses ) all three of the lessons I was competing with .
The Cruelest Month
In textbook publishing , April is the cruelest month .
That 's when certain states announce which textbooks they 're adopting .
When it comes to setting the agenda for textbook publishing , only the 22 states that have a formal adoption process count .
The other 28 are irrelevant -- even though they include populous giants like New York , Pennsylvania , and Ohio -- because they allow all publishers to come in and market programs directly to local school districts .
Adoption states , by contrast , buy new textbooks on a regular cycle , usually every six years , and they allow only certain programs to be sold in their state .
They draw up the list at the beginning of each cycle , and woe to publishers that fail to make that list , because for the next 72 months they will have zero sales in that state .
Among the adoption states , Texas , California , and Florida have unrivaled clout .
Yes , size does matter .
Together , these three have roughly 13 million students in K - 12 public schools .
The next 18 adoption states put together have about 12.7 million
Though the Big Three have different total numbers of students , they each spend about the same amount of money on textbooks .
For the current school year , they budgeted more than $ 900 million for instructional materials , more than a quarter of all the money that will be spent on textbooks in the nation .
Obviously , publishers create products specifically for the adoptions in those three key states .
They then sell the same product to everybody else , because basals are very expensive to produce -- a K - 8 reading program can cost as much as $ 60 million .
Publishers hope to recoup the costs of a big program from the sudden gush of money in a big adoption state , then turn a profit on the subsequent trickle from the " open territories . "
Those that fail to make the list in Texas , California , or Florida are stuck recouping costs for the next six years .
Strapped for money to spend on projects for the next adoption period , they 're likely to fail again .
As the cycle grows vicious , they turn into lunch meat .
Do n't Mess with Texas
The big three adoption states are not equal , however .
In that elite trio , Texas rules .
California has more students ( more than 6 million versus just over 4 million in Texas ) , but Texas spends just as much money ( approximately $ 42 billion ) on its public schools .
More important , Texas allocates a dedicated chunk of funds specifically for textbooks .
That money can't be used for anything else , and all of it must be spent in the adoption year .
Furthermore , Texas has particular power when it comes to high school textbooks , because California adopts statewide only for textbooks for grades K - 8 , while the Lone Star State 's adoption process applies to textbooks through to 12th grade .
Credit : Monte Wolverton
If you 're creating a new textbook , therefore , you start by scrutinizing " Texas Essential Knowledge and Skills " ( TEKS ) .
This document is drawn up by a group of curriculum experts , teachers , and political insiders appointed by the 15 members of the Texas Board of Education , currently five Democrats and ten Republicans , about half of whom have a background in education .
TEKS describes what Texas wants and what the entire nation will therefore get .
Texas is truly the tail that wags the dog .
There is , however , a tail that wags this mighty tail .
Every adoption state allows private citizens to review textbooks and raise objections .
Publishers must respond to these objections at open hearings .
In the late '60s , a Texas couple , Mel and Norma Gabler , figured out how to use their state 's adoption hearings to put pressure on textbook publishers .
The Gablers had no academic credentials or teaching background , but they knew what they wanted taught -- phonics , sexual abstinence , free enterprise , creationism , and the primacy of Judeo - Christian values -- and considered themselves in a battle against a " politically correct degradation of academics . "
Expert organizers , the Gablers possessed a flair for constructing arguments out of the language of official curriculum guidelines .
The nonprofit corporation they founded 43 years ago , Educational Research Analysts , continues to review textbooks and lobby against liberal content in them .
The Gablers no longer appear in person at adoption hearings , but through workshops , books , and how - to manuals , they trained a whole generation of conservative Christian activists to carry on their work .
Citizens also pressure textbook companies at California adoption hearings .
These objections come mostly from such liberal organizations as Norman Lear 's People for the American Way , or from individual citizens who look at proposed textbooks when they are on display before adoption in 30 centers around the state .
Concern in California is normally of the politically correct sort -- objections , for example , to such perceived gaffes as using the word Indian instead of " Native American . "
To make the list in California , books must be scrupulously stereotype free :
No textbook can show African Americans playing sports , Asians using computers , or women taking care of children .
Anyone who stays in textbook publishing long enough develops radar for what will and wo n't get past the blanding process of both the conservative and liberal watchdogs .
Responding to citizens ' objections in adoption hearings is a delicate art .
Publishers learn never to confront the assumptions behind an objection .
That just causes deeper criticism .
For example , a health textbook I worked on had a picture of a girl on a windy beach .
One concerned citizen believed he could detect the outlines of the girl 's underwear through her dress .
Our response :
She 's at the beach , so that 's her bathing suit .
It worked .
A social studies textbook was attacked because a full - page photograph showed a large family gathered around a dinner table .
The objection ?
They looked like Arabs .
Did we rise up indignantly at this un-American display of bias ?
We did not .
Instead , we said that the family was Armenian .
It worked .
Of course , publishers prefer to face no objections at all .
That 's why going through a major adoption , especially a Texas adoption , is like earning a professional certificate in textbook editing .
Survivors just know things .
What do they know ?
Mainly , they know how to censor themselves .
Once , I remember , an editorial group was discussing literary selections to include in a reading anthology .
We were about to agree on one selection when someone mentioned that the author of this piece had drawn a protest at a Texas adoption because he had allegedly belonged to an organization called the One World Council , rumored to be a " Communist front . "
At that moment , someone pointed out another story that fit our criteria .
Without further conversation , we chose that one and moved on .
Only in retrospect did I realize we had censored the first story based on rumors of allegations .
Our unspoken thinking seemed to be , If even the most unlikely taint existed , the Gablers would find it , so why take a chance ?
Self - censorship like this goes unreported because we the censors hardly notice ourselves doing it .
In that room , none of us said no to any story .
We just converged around a different story .
The dangerous author , incidentally , was celebrated best - selling science fiction writer Isaac Asimov .
Turn the Page
There 's no quick , simple fix for the blanding of American textbooks , but several steps are key to reform :
Credit : Monte Wolverton
Mix and Match
Revamp our funding mechanisms to let teachers assemble their own curricula from numerous individual sources instead of forcing them to rely on single comprehensive packages from national textbook factories .
We can't have a different curriculum in every classroom , of course , but surely there 's a way to achieve coherence without stultification .
Basals as Backup
Reduce basals to reference books -- slim core texts that set forth as clearly as a dictionary the essential skills and information to be learned at each grade level in each subject .
In content areas like history and science , the core texts would be like mini-encyclopedias , fact - checked by experts in the field and then reviewed by master teachers for scope and sequence .
Dull ?
No , because these cores would not be the actual instructional material students would use .
They would be analogous to operating systems in the world of software .
If there are only a few of these and they 're pretty similar , it 's OK .
Local districts and classroom teachers would receive funds enabling them to assemble their own constellations of lessons and supporting materials around the core texts , purchased not from a few behemoths but from hundreds of smaller publishing houses such as those that currently supply the supplementary - textbook industry .
High Tech Textbooks
Just as software developers create applications for particular operating systems , textbook developers should develop materials that plug into the core texts .
Small companies and even individuals who see a niche could produce a module to fill it .
None would need $ 60 million to break even .
Imagine , for example , a world - history core :
One publisher might produce a series of historical novellas by a writer and a historian working together to go with various places and periods in history .
Another might create a map of the world , using software that animates at the click of a mouse to show political boundaries swelling , shrinking , and shifting over hundreds of years .
Another might produce a board game that dramatizes the connections between trade and cultural diffusion .
Hundreds of publishers could compete to produce lessons that fulfill some aspect of the core text , the point of reference .
Innovate the Industry
The intellect , dedication , and inventiveness of textbook editors , abundant throughout the industry but often stifled and underappreciated , would be unleashed with -- I predict -- extraordinary results for teachers and students .
Bundling selections from this forest of material to create curriculum packages might itself emerge as a job description in educational publishing .
The possibilities are endless .
And should n't endless possibility be the point ?
Tamim Ansary writes and lectures about Afghanistan , Islamic history , democracy , schooling and learning , fiction and the writing process , and other issues and directs the San Francisco Writers Workshop .
Go to " Foreign Textbooks Teach a Lesson in American History . "
China Unicom has sold just five iPhones through a big online retail site in the two weeks since it opened the virtual store , the latest sign that the handset is suffering in China from its high price and lack of Wi-Fi .
An official iPhone store on Taobao.com , the biggest Chinese e-commerce Web site similar to eBay , has sold just two 8GB iPhones and three 16GB iPhones , according to figures on the site .
The store launched in the middle of last month , a few weeks after China Unicom began offering the first official iPhones in China .
China Unicom is also selling iPhones through its own Web site , which does not list sale figures .
But Taobao is China 's top online retail site and many users turn to it to buy items like mobile phones and laptops .
The China Unicom iPhones have to compete with iPhones brought into the country from abroad , which users have bought since long before the official handset arrived .
iPhones bought outside China have Wi -Fi , which was removed from the China Unicom iPhones to comply with local regulations .
The official handset is also more expensive than iPhones bought elsewhere .
The 32GB iPhone 3GS with no service contract costs 6,999 yuan ( US $ 1,024 ) in China , compared to about US $ 800 in nearby Hong Kong .
Slow sales at the online shop follow earlier signs that the official iPhone is unpopular in China .
China Unicom has reportedly said it sold just 5,000 iPhones in the few days after its launch .
That contrasts with the more than 60,000 online orders South Korean carrier KT received before launching the iPhone in its country last week .
Difficulty using the App Store may be another strike against the iPhone for Chinese users .
Credit cards are increasingly common in China , but their holders rarely use them to make small payments via mobile phone , local consultancy Analysys International said in a research note .
Credit card penetration also remains low among young people of the sort that would like the App Store , it said .
Many Chinese make payments via mobile phone but do so with prepaid cards sold by local carriers .
The App Store will need to add new payment options and more localized content to win more users in China , the consultancy said .
China Unicom has kept outwardly positive about the iPhone 's prospects .
A company executive last month said China Unicom expects 10 percent of China 's 3G users to buy iPhones , according to Chinese state media .
Alibaba Group , the owner of Yahoo China , rejected as " reckless " a Yahoo statement supporting Google 's stance in the country , after Google said it was hit by cyberattacks from China and may cease business there .
Yahoo , which holds a large stake in Alibaba , gave the Chinese company control of Yahoo China as part of a deal in 2005 .
" Alibaba Group has communicated to Yahoo ! that Yahoo's statement that it is ' aligned ' with the position Google took last week was reckless given the lack of facts in evidence , " an Alibaba spokesman said in an e-mailed statement .
" Alibaba does n't share this view . "
Google disclosed this week that it had been hit by a cyberattack in December aimed largely at accessing the Gmail accounts of Chinese human rights activists .
The U.S. company said it would stop censoring its Chinese search engine and that the move may force it to end all operations in the country .
Yahoo said it was aligned with Google that such attacks were " deeply disturbing " and called for opposition to violations of user privacy .
Alibaba 's statement puts it further at odds with Yahoo following an erosion in ties between the companies since Carol Bartz took over as Yahoo's CEO .
It also comes as some observers wonder if other Internet companies will follow Google 's lead in opposing Chinese censorship .
The Alibaba statement did not directly address censorship , but both Yahoo China and Microsoft 's Bing filter certain search results for users in the country .
Microsoft CEO
Steve Ballmer this week said the company has no plans to follow Google in pulling out of China .
Yahoo reportedly was also a victim of cyberattacks like those aimed at Google .
Google said at least 20 other large companies were hit by the attacks .
In addition to Yahoo China , which is also called China Yahoo , Alibaba operates e-commerce Web sites including the business - to - business platform Alibaba.com .
As the New York Post put it : " The bomb was n't the only thing burning in his pants . "
On the Islamic Forum of the Gawaher website in 2005 and 2006 were more than 300 posts by Farouk1986 - Abdulmutallab's middle name and birth year .
Under the heading : " I think I feel lonely , " Farouk1986 complains he has never found " a true Muslim friend " .
" As I get lonely , the natural sexual drive awakens and I struggle to control it , sometimes leading to minor sinful activities like not lowering the gaze .
" And this problem makes me want to get married to avoid getting aroused … but I am only 18 . ''
In another post , he writes '' the hair of a woman can easily arouse a man ' ' .
He also writes of " my dilemma between liberalism and extremism … how should one put the balance right ? "
He talks at one point about his fantasies : '' The bad part of it is sometimes the fantasies are a bit worldly rather than concentrating in the hereafter . ''
He tries instead to focus on more acceptable " jihad fantasies ' ' .
'' I imagine how the great jihad will take place , how the Muslims will win Insha'Allah and rule the whole world , and establish the greatest empire once again !!! "
As the youngest of 16 children and the son of his father 's No. 2 wife , he reportedly spent most of his childhood at an English boarding school in West Africa .
The trajectory to extreme violence of this gentle , pious young man who wanted so much to be good and consequential , and yet was consumed with guilt about sex , fits with much of what is known about other Islamist suicide bombers .
Perhaps the best psychological explanation comes from United in Hate : The Left 's Romance with Tyranny and Terror , the recent book by Jamie Glazov , the managing editor of FrontPage Magazine .
In a chapter entitled " To Hate a Woman " , he describes in chilling detail the oppression of women in parts of the Muslim world and the " theological justification " for violence against females " from the very moment of their birth " .
Islamist hatred of women has " fertilised the soil in which … terrorism and the new death cult have grown " .
He claims there is an " Islamist war on private love [ which ] derives most of its energy from a deep - seated misogyny .
Women 's empowerment , independence and self - determination , especially the sexual variety , pose a threat to Islamism 's very existence . "
Islamist misogyny , he claims , comes from Islam itself .
" The notion that women are by their very nature inferior to men is the underpinning of the entire structure and derives its legitimacy from numerous traditional teachings . "
It is no coincidence that the Arabic word " fitna " has two meanings - beautiful woman and social chaos .
Glazov writes that in many Islamic societies , " women are supposed to dehumanise themselves in order to be tolerated … Women are considered to be the incarnation of shahwa [ desire ] which comes from the devil .
In this environment the pathological notion arises that a man and a woman cannot be alone without the ominous threat of evil in their midst .
" The men denigrate the object of their lust so as to diminish their own shame .
In this dynamic of sexual repression and misogyny , love is reduced to violent domination which becomes directly intertwined with terrorism against societies that allow women freedom , especially sexual freedom . "
Practices such as polygamy and repudiation - in which a man can divorce his wife by pronouncing certain words - conspire to " minimise the possibility of private love even among married couples " .
" Islam teaches that the sexual act is dirty and consequently surrounds it with rituals .
The objective is to build a wall between the lovers themselves . "
Polygamy , Glazov writes , has a disastrous effect on Muslim boys who grow up with " all kinds of siblings born of different women which gives them the idea that none of these women , including their own mother , was good enough to be cherished alone .
The boys internalise this misogyny which leads in turn to self hate . "
Their psychological abandonment of their mothers is " directly connected to their urge for terror and suicide " .
Female genital mutilation , in which a woman 's clitoris - or entire external genital organs - is removed is an attempt to " deny women even the possibility of personal happiness and sexual satisfaction " .
Glazov writes of Saudi instructional TV programs about wife - beating and cites a report from the Pakistan Institute of Medical Sciences which estimated 90 per cent of Pakistani wives had been beaten or sexually abused for offences such as cooking an unsatisfactory meal .
These stories are not remote from Australian concerns .
The Islamic Women 's Welfare Council of Victoria , in a 2008 report , since removed from its website , concluded that some Australian Muslim religious leaders condoned rape within marriage , polygamy and domestic violence .
In gang rape trials , Muslim men have mounted the defence that their strict religious upbringing made them believe they could rape Australian non-Muslim girls .
This week , in Melbourne , an Afghan refugee is being tried for allegedly strangling his wife with her veil after complaining she was " becoming Australian " .
The jury was told the victim had claimed her husband punched her and told her her only purpose was to have babies .
devinemiranda@hotmail.com
" The condition is very uncommon and it strikes only one in a million people .
With this condition you have to just let it run its course because there is no way to stop it , " he said .
BERLIN , Germany —
A narrative has attached itself to the American " carrot - and - stick " policy toward Iran , the broad outlines of which go something like this :
With Iran failing to bargain in good faith over its nuclear program and China refusing to back meaningful penalties through the United Nations Security Council , the United States and Europe are going to be left on their own with the task of imposing sanctions that are tough enough to persuade Iran to change its behavior .
As much as that story clarifies the course ahead , though , it also obscures important facts — not least , the potential for transatlantic rifts .
Germany , for example , may be one of America 's closest partners in the nuclear negotiations , but it's also a country that has a very different relationship and very different interests toward Iran .
And those differences will undoubtedly make Germany more hesitant than the U.S. to support further sanctions .
For one , America 's penchant for imposing punishment on Iran is itself the product of peculiar historical circumstances .
The German public , one should n't forget , does n't harbor memories of its diplomats being held hostage in Tehran .
Indeed , the 1979 - 1981 hostage crisis was the first skirmish of the low - level war that the U.S. and the Islamic Republic have waged for the past 30 years .
It 's no secret that there 's been little love lost between America and Iran :
The U.S. public muses on the possibility of military strikes against Iran , while the Iranian regime indulges heartily in anti-American rhetoric , and each has repeatedly tried , through force and diplomacy , to subvert the interests of the other in the Middle East region .
It 's a relationship that has left America with no diplomatic relations and minimal trade ties with Iran , and little compunction to consider changing its stance .
Germany , by contrast , has maintained sound political and economic ties with the Islamic Republic .
It 's a policy that has made eminent sense economically : Germany has long been one of Iran 's leading trading partners , selling nearly 4 billion euros worth of goods to Iran in 2009 and earning a reputation in Tehran for reliable business dealings and industrial craftsmanship .
Iran primarily purchases steel , engineering machines and industrial chemicals from Germany .
Furthermore , according to Iranian statistics , Germany is the country 's leading foreign investor , ahead of Saudi Arabia and Turkey .
Most prominently , German companies have often lent their expertise to the Iranian energy sector .
The German government has long thought of Iran as an important emerging market , and sees fit to bolster trade with Iran by providing billions of euros worth of trade guarantees .
Politically , Berlin has likewise always tried to maintain friendly ties with Tehran .
Germany 's foreign policy establishment says that it does n't excuse Iran 's human rights violations , but argues instead that strong inter- governmental ties are the best way to ensure leverage over Iran 's actions .
Proponents of that stance point to Germany 's successes at securing the release of certain political prisoners : Critics say that Iran has suffered little condemnation from Germany for its subversion of the Middle East peace process .
Germany 's political experts , meanwhile , have often argued that Iran , with its semi-democratic institutions and vital civil society , is Europe 's most natural partner in the Muslim Middle East .
Where American commentators are more apt to focus on the radicalism of Iran 's government , German experts focus more on the pragmatic aspects of Iran 's foreign policy .
If America wants Germany to join in on further rounds of sanctions , it 's going to have to take these circumstances into account .
The German industries that would suffer from robust sanctions have committed lobbies in Berlin to protect their interests .
And the German foreign policy establishment is much more wedded to the status quo in the Middle East , in which Iran is an emerging power .
Business and political interests in Germany want to prevent Iran from establishing closer ties with China and Russia .
Germany has likely already agreed to support a round of sanctions that target the Iranian Revolutionary Guard , but it probably wo n't have the stomach to support the more severe sanctions — including an embargo on Iranian imports of refined oil — that are being considered by the U.S. Congress and State Department .
Indeed , Germany is considered to be the most strident opponent of unilateral European sanctions toward Iran , a stance it has justified by emphasizing the importance of gaining a U.N. imprimatur .
Of course , Germany does n't want to risk damaging its political and economic relationship with the United States .
Exports to Iran have dropped over the last four years , as the German government has pursued a policy of “ discouraging ” companies from involving themselves in Iran .
Siemens , one of Germany 's largest engineering firms , announced last week that it would no longer seek orders in Iran .
Other engineering companies , citing Germany 's reduced credit guarantees , have also reduced their business with Iran .
And the American Treasury Department has convinced German banks to cut off their Iranian business , under the threat of finding themselves suffering penalties for having done business with a “ rogue state . ”
But many German businesses are still undaunted .
It was just last week that the Iranian press reported that an unnamed German company signed a contract worth billions of dollars to work on the transport of Iranian natural gas .
And German companies have proven themselves remarkably resistant to public shaming when it comes to their ties with Iran .
Most prominently , Siemens has yet to publicly account for its role in providing the Iranian government with the hardware to monitor telephone lines and internet traffic — technology that has been used in the wake of last year 's presidential election to subvert protests .
America 's greatest asset in the struggle to keep Germany on board may well be Angela Merkel .
The chancellor has emphasized , more clearly than her predecessors , that Germany 's commitment to the security of Israel requires preventing Tehran from acquiring nuclear weapons .
Of course , as head of the conservative Christian Democratic Party , and coalition partner of the business - friendly Free Democratic Party , Merkel may be quite exposed to the pleas of Germany 's business lobbyists .
What 's clear is that the chancellory has a different perspective on the nuclear negotiations than does the White House .
Ultimately , it might not be a question of whether those differences will rear their head , but when .
This is the second post in an article series about MIT 's course Linear Algebra .
In this post I will review lecture two on solving systems of linear equations by elimination and back - substitution .
The other topics in the lecture are elimination matrices ( also known as elementary matrices ) and permutation matrices .
The first post covered the geometry of linear equations .
One of my blog readers , Seyed M. Mottaghinejad , had also watched this course and sent me his lecture notes .
They are awesome .
Grab them here : lecture notes by Seyed M. Mottaghinejad ( includes .pdf , .tex and his document class ) .
Okay , here is the second lecture .
Lecture 2 : Elimination with Matrices
Elimination is the way every software package solves equations .
If the elimination succeeds it gets the answer .
If the matrix A in Ax=b is a " good " matrix ( we 'll see what a good matrix is later ) then the elimination will work and we 'll get the answer in an efficient way .
It 's also always good to ask how can it fail .
We 'll see in this lecture how elimination decides if the matrix A is good or bad .
After the elimination there is a step called back - substitution to complete the answer .
Okay , here is a system of equations .
Three equations in three unknowns .
Remember from lecture one , that every such system can be written in the matrix form Ax=b , where A is the matrix of coefficients , x is a column vector of unknowns and b is the column vector of solutions ( the right hand side ) .
Therefore the matrix form of this example is the following :
For the elimination process we need the matrix A and the column vector b.
The idea is very simple , first we write them down in the augmented matrix form A|b :
Next we subtract rows from one another in such a way that the final result is an upper triangular matrix ( a matrix with all the elements below the diagonal being zero ) .
So the first step is to subtract the first row multiplied by 3 from the second row .
This gives us the following matrix :
The next step is to subtract the second row multiplied by 2 from the third row .
This is the final step and produces an upper triangular matrix that we needed :
Now let 's write down the equations that resulted from the elimination :
Working from the bottom up we can immediately find the solutions z , y , and x .
From the last equation , z = - 10/5 = - 2 .
Now we put z in the middle equation and solve for y.
2y = 6 + 2z = 6 + 2 ( - 2 ) = 6 - 4 = 2 => y = 1 .
And finally , we can substitute y and z in the first equation and solve for x. x = 2 - 2y - z = 2 - 2 ( 1 ) - ( - 2 ) = 2 .
We have found the solution , it 's ( x=2 , y=1 , z= - 2 ) .
The process we used to find it is called the back - substitution .
The elimination would fail if taking a multiple of one row and adding to the next would produce a zero on the diagonal ( and there would be no other row to try to exchange the failing row with ) .
The lecture continues with figuring out how to do the elimination by using matrices .
In the first lecture we learned that a matrix times a column vector gave us a combination of the columns of the matrix .
Similarly , a row times a matrix gives us a combination of the rows of the matrix .
Let 's look at our first step of elimination again .
It was to subtract 3 times the first row from the second row .
This can be expressed as matrix multiplication ( forget the column b for a while ) :
Let 's call the matrix on the right E as elimination matrix ( or elementary matrix ) , and give it subscript E 21 for making a zero in the resulting matrix at row 2 , column 1 .
The next step was twice the second row minus the third row :
The matrix on the right is again an elimination matrix .
Let 's call it E 32 for giving a zero at row 3 , column 2 .
But notice that these two operations can be combined :
And we can write E 32 ( E 21 A ) = U .
Now remember that matrix operations are associative , therefore we can change the parenthesis ( E 32 E 21 ) A = U .
If we multiply ( E 32 E 21 ) we get a single matrix E that we will call the elimination matrix .
What we have done is expressed the whole elimination process in matrix language !
Next , the lecture continues takes a step back and looks at permutation matrices .
The question asked is " what matrix would exchange two rows of a matrix ? " and " what matrix would exchange two columns of a matrix ? "
Watch the lecture to find the answer to these questions !
Topics covered in lecture two :
[ 00:25 ]
Main topic for today : elimination .
[ 02:35 ]
A system with three equations and three unknowns :
[ 03:30 ] Elimination process .
Taking matrix A to U .
[ 08:35 ]
Three pivots of matrix U .
[ 10:15 ] Relation of pivots to determinant of a matrix .
[ 10:40 ]
How can elimination fail ?
[ 14:40 ] Back substitution .
Solution ( x=2 , y=1 , z= - 2 ) .
[ 19:45 ] Elimination with matrices .
[ 21:10 ]
Matrix times a column vector is a linear combination of columns the matrix .
[ 22:15 ]
A row vector times a matrix is a linear combination of rows of the matrix .
[ 23:40 ]
Matrix x column = column .
[ 24:10 ]
Row x matrix = row .
[ 24:20 ]
Elimination matrix for subtracting three times row one from row two .
[ 26:55 ]
The identity matrix .
[ 30:00 ] Elimination matrix for subtracting two times row two from row three .
[ 32:40 ] E 32 E 21 A = U .
E A = U. [ 37:20 ]
Permutation matrices .
[ 37:30 ]
How to exchange rows of a 2x2 matrix ?
[ 37:55 ]
Permutation matrix P to exchange rows of a 2x2 matrix .
[ 38:40 ]
How to exchange columns of a 2x2 matrix ?
[ 39:40 ]
Permutation matrix P to exchange columns of a 2x2 matrix .
[ 42:00 ]
Commutative law does not hold for matrices .
[ 44:25 ] Introduction to inverse matrices .
[ 47:10 ] E - 1E = I .
Here are my notes of lecture two :
My notes of linear algebra lecture 2 on elimination with matrices .
The next post is going to be either on lectures three and four together or just lecture three .
Lecture three will touch a bit more on matrix multiplication and then dive into the inverse matrices .
Lecture four will cover A=LU matrix decomposition ( also called factorization ) .
Democrat Switches to Republican Party
Conservative Alabama representative Parker Griffith has switched sides from the Democratic Party to the Republican Party Tuesday , December 22 , after opposing several of President Barack Obama ’s top domestic agenda policies .
The first term lawmaker has voted against three of the president ’s domestic policies : the health care reform bill , the economic stimulus package and the energy legislation .
He is one of four Democrats to do so .
The others are Walt Minnick ( ID ) , Bobby Bright ( AL ) and Gene Taylor ( MS ) .
The Democrats , owing to his voting history , were not surprised to his switch .
His defection , however , will not change the majority in the house .
After he switched , the Democrats control of the house is at 257-178 .
The Democrats are expected to lose more seats by next year as an opposing party usually gain more seats after the first year in the term of a new president .
The Democrats though are still expected to be in the majority .
The last time a Democrat changed parties was in 2004 when Rodney Alexander of Louisiana made the jump over the fence .
The Ferrari 458 Italia debuted in final production form in late July to widespread oohs and aahs .
Since then , we ’ve seen some polished press footage of this supercar performing hot laps at several racetracks from various media outlets .
But what we have been yearning for was some true - to - life , caught - in - the - wild video to give us an idea of what the Ferrari 458 looks like on city streets .
An astute driver in the Netherlands was passed on the highway by the 458 Italia and quickly went into chase / stalker mode with their handicam .
They followed the car to Kroymans Ferrari / Aston Martin / Maserati in Hilversum and waited until it went on another run to capture some great footage .
Ferrari ’s new wondercar was filmed in various environments and situations to give us a nice all - round preview in the real world .
Check out the video after the jump .
This Ferrari is schedule to go on sale in the EU in the spring of 2010 at an expected / leaked price of € 162,900 .
No pricing has been set for the North American market as of yet .
Source : TeamSpeed
We do n't know what happened yesterday , but two seismic monitoring stations ­ some 1300 miles apart ­ both reported an 8.6 earthquake in China .
Maybe it was a weapons test .
However , a large magnitude temblor struck in nearly this same location ( 36.50 ºN , 105.70 ºE ) on December 12 , 1920 .
The Haiyuan quake killed 200,000 people , caused landslides and collapsed thousands of homes .
Various magnitudes were reported for this temblor ranging from 7.8 to 8.5 .
Aftershocks shook the country for three years following .
Below are two screen snapshots from reporting stations that still show an earthquake occurred .
The INSF is from Switzerland and Red Puma is from Romania .
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
Two men were stopped boarding US - bound planes at Heathrow days before Britain 's terror threat was raised to " severe " .
News of the incidents came hours after Home Secretary Alan Johnson lifted the threat level amid fears that al - Qaeda is planning an attack .
The new level , which means an attack is reckoned " highly likely " , is second only to " critical " .
Security sources say an Egyptian was stopped last Saturday as he tried to board an American Airlines flight to Miami .
A man from Saudi Arabia was banned from boarding a United Airlines flight to Chicago the next day and sent back to Saudi .
The incidents and the raised threat level follow the failed Christmas Day bombing on a plane over Detroit .
Anti-terror officials said the past week had seen an " unusually high " number of people on their no - fly list trying to board US - bound planes .
Security is being tightened in Britain ahead of high - level meetings which will see world leaders including Hillary Clinton heading to Britain this week .
The US Secretary of State and other leading foreign ministers will be in London on Wednesday and Thursday for summits on Yemen - thought to be a terror haven - and Afghanistan .
Other potential terror targets at the meetings will be Afghan leader Hamid Karzai and United Nations Secretary General Ban-Ki Moon .
In a separate move , Immigration Minister Phil Woolas is to give border police more powers to crack down on bogus students trying to enter Britain .
Officials will be able to carry out detailed checks on whether they have enough in their bank accounts to fund their courses .
Part of Manchester Airport's Terminal 3 was evacuated after an Asian man in his 20s tried to take a white powder on to a plane bound for Heathrow .
He was not arrested .
Cameron's ' Immigration Con ' : Page 26
UK THREAT LEVELS
Critical : imminent attack expected
Severe ( the current level ) : an attack is highly likely
Substantial : an attack is a strong possibility
Moderate : attack possible , but is not likely LOW : attack unlikely
Citigroup suffers $ 7.6 billion loss
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Citigroup reported a painful fourth - quarter loss of $ 7.6 billion Tuesday , even amid signs that the worst may be behind the troubled financial giant .
Last month 's decision to refund $ 20 billion in outstanding bailout funds to American taxpayers was the primary reason behind the bank 's loss .
The move , which helped alleviate some of the government scrutiny the bank has had to endure over the past year , including questions on how it compensates its top executives , resulted in Citigroup reporting a loss of 33 cents on per share basis .
That was in line with what Wall Street was expecting from Citigroup , although the company said it still would have reported a loss of $ 1.4 billion if it did not take a big charge to pay back the government .
Citigroup also said it spent $ 25 billion to compensate its employees in 2009 , which broke down to roughly $ 90,000 per employee .
A year ago , the bank paid $ 31.1 billion to its employees , but Citigroup had far more many workers in 2008 .
The bank sold several divisions in 2009 .
Tuesday 's results bring to a close a rather difficult year for the New York City - based bank that included talk of possible government nationalization and its stock price tumbling below $ 1 a share .
Even though many of Citigroup 's peers returned to profitability last year , the bank lost $ 1.6 billion .
Still , that was far less than the $ 27.7 billion it lost just a year earlier , one of the toughest period 's in the company 's nearly 200 - year history .
Citigroup CEO
Vikram Pandit , who has tried to lead the company back to profitability over the past two years , called 2009 a period of " enormous progress . "
" As we enter 2010 , we are strongly capitalized , significantly more efficient , and are executing on a clear strategy that is focused on clients , " he said in a statement .
The bank also highlighted some encouraging signs within its massive loan portfolio .
Credit losses fell to $ 7.1 billion during the quarter , down $ 800 million from the previous three - month period .
Citigroup also set aside less money for bad loans during the quarter , suggesting that related losses may soon start to moderate .
" Provisions and charge - offs were lower than we expected , suggesting that [ Citigroup 's ] outlook for its loan book has improved , " wrote Stuart Plesser , senior bank equity analyst with Standard & Poor 's , in a note to clients after Citigroup 's results were released .
But much of that improvement was outside the United States , particularly in countries like Korea and Mexico , just two of the countries where Citigroup operates worldwide .
Pandit noted however that the bank remains particularly concerned about loans tied to the American consumer , particularly with so many individuals out of work and the recovery in the housing market still tentative .
" U.S. credit in my view comes down mostly to the mortgage portfolio , " said Pandit during a conference call .
" That is what we are watching most carefully . "
Much of those so - called troubled assets however remain within the company 's Citi Holdings division , which was created a little more than a year ago as a dumping ground for assets it has been looking to get rid off .
Losses within that division widened to $ 2.4 billion during the quarter .
But things were hardly rosy either within the company 's Citicorp unit , which include the businesses the company has staked its future on .
Sales at its consumer , investment banking and transaction services businesses declined from the third quarter .
Revenues at Citi's massive North American credit card business , for example , fell largely due to a new series of federal rules aimed at making banks ' credit card practices more consumer friendly .
Despite the less - than - stellar results , Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) shares gained more than 3 % in afternoon trading Tuesday , rebounding from losses earlier in the day after the results were first announced .
The company is the second major financial firm to report its fourth quarter results .
So far , investors have been largely disappointed .
Although JPMorgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) posted a better - than - expected profit on Friday , the stock fell due to cautious comments about the economy from CEO Jamie Dimon .
The stock was down again on Tuesday .
Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) , Wells Fargo ( WFC , Fortune 500 ) , Morgan Stanley ( MS , Fortune 500 ) and Goldman Sachs ( GS , Fortune 500 ) are all due to release their results later this week .
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
Use of potatoes in daily beauty routine !
Sounds strange !
Do not be surprised , potatoes are not only good to eat they are also a natural beauty product .
Read on to learn the various ways to use potatoes for beauty treatments and get rid of beauty problems naturally .
Dark Circles
Get rid of dark circles under your eyes easily by using potatoes juice or potatoes directly .
Cut some slices of raw potatoes and use them as a natural way to treat your eyes .
All you got to do is just lie down and close your eyes , while keeping the slices of potatoes over your eyes for 15 to 20 minutes .
Then wash with warm water in the end .
Do this regularly and your dark circles will vanish .
When using potato juice soak some cotton in the potato juice and put on your eye lids for 20 minutes .
Grey Hair
You can highlight your gray hair with potato peels , the ultimate way to hide your grey hair and stay young .
Boil potato peels in water .
Stain this water and let it cool .
Use this strained water as an after shampoo rinse , to darken your gray hair .
Follow this religiously for every alternate hair wash for beautiful and natural highlighted hair .
Wrinkles
Potato is considered as a very effective anti aging agent .
To prevent your face from wrinkles wash your face daily with potato juice .
It really helps to get rid of wrinkles and also gives your face the glowing touch .
Tired eyes
To give a fresh look to your face and remove tiredness from your eyes place two round slices of potato on your eyes .
Facial Blemishes
You can also treat your face blemishes by washing your face daily with cool potato juice .
So simple , did you ever thought getting rid of blemishes was so easy and cheap .
Sunburn
To get rid of the sunburn or frostbite , potato again can do wonders for you .
All you need to do is apply grated potato or potato juice to the affected areas .
Face Whitening
Apply a grated raw potato as a mask by rubbing the potato on your skin .
Leave the mask on for 30 minutes and then rinse off with water .
The potato mask really helps to reduce facial swelling .
If you use potato mask on regular basis for your skin care your facial skin will turn smooth , white and beautiful in just a short span of time .
Potatoes also help to absorb the excessive oil from your face .
You have learned the various beauty uses of potato today .
So what are you waiting for , go grab a potato from the kitchen and start your beauty treatment right now .
Also check similiar articles
How to Use Tomatoes in Your Beauty Routine
How to Use Oranges in Your Beauty Routine
Beauty Benefits of Avocado , Bananas , Lemons , Sugar , Strawberries , Eggs , Papaya , and Chocolates
Murilee from Jalopnik sez , " After reading your post about the candy - ass school VP who freaked out over that kid 's science project , I remembered my own similar experience in high school ( ' 75 Ford seat - belt buzzer hooked up to batteries and put in a locker , which resulted in school evacuation ) .
This was in 1983 - before a handful of terrorists defeated us - which meant that A ) my life was n't ruined , B ) I did n't have to get ' counseling , ' C ) it was n't a national news story , and D ) everyone thought it was pretty funny the next day . "
Naturally , it did n't take me long to discover that 8 AAA batteries in a $ 2.99 Radio Shack holder will provide sufficient current to run a ' 75 Ford Elite seat belt buzzer all day long , and - in the mind of a 17 - year - old under the influence of certain evil corruptors of youth just across the Bay - there really are n't too many mental steps between this realization and the idea of placing a battery - powered Ford seat belt buzzer in a high - school locker with the power switch in the ON position .
BZZZEEEEEEEEEEEP !!!
It 'll drive everyone crazy !
Ho ho !
So , a few hours later I 'm in physics class , having already mostly forgotten about the maddening Malaise soundtrack issuing from my junkyard pal 's locker ( I could never remember my own locker 's combination , so I stashed it in my friend Scott 's locker ) , and my classmates notice some sort of commotion in the street outside .
Cop cars all over the place !
We 're all crowding for a look out the window when several APD officers come into the classroom and ask the teacher to identify … me !
Oh , shit !
I get not - quite - frogmarched out of the room , it being clear that I 'm in Big Fucking Trouble , and as I 'm contemplating the reality that every wholesome Duran Duran - listening , lip - gloss enhanced girlie in the school will consider me a totally , radioactively untouchable , criminal for the rest of my high school days and probably - if I do n't go to college in some other state - well beyond that , and I 'm probably going to have to answer a lot of very pointed questions from the kind of humorless Authority Figures I dreaded most , it occurs to me that perhaps this whole hassle might have something to do with my harmless seat belt buzzer prank .
Real leaves are natural energy factories that can split water molecules and create hydrogen ions .
Scientists have long tried to copy the molecules involved in creating hydrogen , but a Chinese team took a different tack by creating an artificial structure based on natural leaves as templates .
Early tests have shown that the artificial leaves could soak up twice as much light and produce three times as much energy as the real thing , New Scientist reports .
Obviously , people who are not in unions write employment contracts , which are similarly hard to write .
But non-union employment contracts operate in an environment where both sides often hope to continue the relationship beyond the initial term .
This offers quite a bit of good - faith flexibility , because people who are too rigid about the exact letter of their contracts are apt to find that their contract is n't renewed .
Even in contracts with a very definite term , there are reputational considerations .
That 's just not how unions operate , because the union can't be fired by the employer .
When the contract expires , you 're going to negotiate another contract .
The result is that people in non-union employment contracts can tolerate quite a bit more ambiguity on both sides than people in a collective bargaining situation .
The unhappy corollary of this is that the metrics will not only tend towards simplicity and ease of measurement ; they will also tend to reward mediocrity .
Again , this is not an accident of history .
A collective bargaining unit run by a " majority rules " system is always going to look for a system that rewards the median or modal worker , not the best .
A merit pay system can work in one of two ways .
It can benchmark teachers against the average , and reward the people who achieve the most improvement .
Or it can set some minimum standard and give a bonus to any teacher who bests that standard .
( You could set three tiers , or what have you , but the concept is basically the same ) .
In my opinion , the first system is probably going to best maximize productivity ( though this is an interesting discussion for another blog post ) .
But it would never pass a union vote , because the majority of teachers would n't benefit from it , and those who did would have to work harder .
The second system might pass .
But the union would make heroic efforts to water down the benchmarks until the majority of their members were receiving at least some " bonus " pay .
But compare either system to what now exists in our nation 's schools .
Every single teacher can stay on for years unless they do something direly wrong .
Every single teacher can get a useless education degree , which basically requires a pulse .
They have a system that spreads benefits absolutely evenly among all their members .
How would any alternative gather majority support from the union members ?
I mean , you can add on resistance to change , which I think is significant .
But even if they were picking a new system from scratch , the seniority + degrees system is clearly going to satisfy many more members than either of the merit pay alternatives .
It would probably be the majority choice no matter what .
And of course , over time , teacher 's unions select for the sort of people who prefer this arrangement to competitive merit pay for one reason or another .
Unions are set up to minimize frictions and maximize benefits for the bottom 55 % .
That 's how they work everywhere -- in schools , and out .
That 's how they have to work .
No amount of cajoling , no number of white papers , is going to change that .
The following letter , written by Jack Kerouac in 1962 following an apparent escape from New York ’s many temptations , is predictably fascinating and equally saddening .
Over the course of just three pages addressed to Jacques Beckwith , Kerouac manages to touch on his general ill - health , his many troubled relationships with women ( most notably then - girlfriend Lois Sorrell ) , the ever - worsening drinking problem which would ultimately kill him , and the daughter he still refused to believe was his own .
For those wondering , the drinking companions mentioned by Kerouac are Lucien Carr , Gregory Corso and Hugo Weber .
Transcript follows .
Transcript
Dear Jaques —
I did n’t leave “ unceremoniously , ” I was in Hicksville L.I. near Idlewild Airport ( at my lawyer ’s house ) and took the first plane I could get because also I was coughing and choking on my coughing like a T.B. —
And sure enough , in a week , the Florida sunshine and sleep got rid of the cough —
Did n’t you hear me cough in N.Y.?
( mostly from sleeplessness for 7 days and nights , thus more smoking and nerves ) ( and bronchitis had set in ) — I was really afraid of winding up in a N.Y. hospital —
And to come back to Manhattan from L.I. and start drinking with Lucien or Gregory again would have done it — and with poor Hugo —
Of course I ’m not mad at you , Jacques my buddy — Mad at Lois , yes , but for no good reason because she ’s always had other guys anyway —
But she ’s gotten mean for the first time , mean to me I mean , since that idiot psychoanalytical warlock ’s got hold of her —
But I ’m not even mad at Lois because every time I had a chance to make love to her I deliberately got drunker anyway because I really do n’t believe in Sangsara anymore just like I was when she first met me and she begged me to make love to her and I would not for months —
Sangsara is the work of Mara the Tempter and I ’m not going to be tempted so easily any more —
I ’m a priest at heart even tho such a wiseguy loudmouth “ wit ” when I feel “ good ” on booze — I ’m not “ tough , ” just a soft hearted Imbecile —
And Lois and Janet and all those other girls actually scare me down deep ( Dodie did n’t scare me half as much ! ) —
They scare me because of their slinky beauty like snake - beauty …. what do they want ?
Out of me ?
If they wo n’t give me a piece of ass because I ’m a rowdy inattentive monk drunk , then why do they want to see me ?
They scare me like the Devil —
Their intentions are not honorable . —
They also realize I do n’t like women and never did — I only like their bodies for sex —
I think women are evil the way they coolly manage men with big ungovernable hurting hard - ons —
Let the devil take his Eve back — I am Adam and I ’m alone again with all my ribs intact
As for N.Y. , you saw what happened —
If I cant even keep a cheap hotel room to read in and sleep in and meditate in …. what can I do in N.Y .
but be a drunken mess ?
It ’s a shame you ’ve never known me when I ’m sober , in the woods , and do n’t say much —
You will someday —
I ’m back at my writing work again now , on this cool halfmoon night — I sit by my new little cumquat tree and wait for my mind to organize another drama for the necessary exercise of my poetic narrative —
Like Handel I sometimes fall on my knees and pray for work —
Right now I ’m just waiting — typing up old poems and haikus and prose pieces and putting them together in different bound volumes —
And pretty soon I ’m going to study the history of Europe in detail — I meanwhile dabble at the New Testament , Thoreau ’s “ Week on Concord and Merrimack , ” Psalms of David , George Herbert ’s holy poetry , Haiku of Japan : -
Spring rain
Conveyed under the trees
In drops
— BASHŌ
Harusame no / Koshita ni tsutau / shizuku kana
ETC .
By the way Jacques , why do n’t you throw those 3 books in an envelope ( Morley and Singer ) and send ’em to me — ordinary mail , 25 ¢ or so —
I ’m paying $ 52 a month for the girl they say is my daughter — I still know she ’s no Kerouac but the law insists and besides I can afford it now —
But I will have nothing to do with her or her mother or her mother ’s lovers —
( The Judge told me the N.Y .
Supreme court allows no illegitimacy , and the blood test doctor works for the Supreme Court , is appointed by the Supreme Court , so there are no bastards in N.Y. State period ) —
I wanted to see Lucien and Cessa again but tell them how sick I was —
Enclosed is a letter for Dear Hugo ( GIVE IT TO HIM OR MAIL IT ON )
À plus tard
Jean
COPAIN
The new Nexus
One is a sleek , awesome handset , but the most important ingredient in touchscreen smartphones is software .
The screen is just a canvas that software paints on , and Android 2.1 is a work of art .
Advertisement
Coming from the chunky G1 , the thin and flat Nexus One hearkens back to my iPhone days .
( In my pocket it does n't make my thigh look fat , and it does n't require a holster — it gets lots of vanity points there . )
The screen is huge and crisp ; the dual noise - canceling microphone action is sweet ; the true headphone jack is much - appreciated , and the glowing trackball is a nice touch .
Still — the best part of the Nexus One is Android 2.1 , and if all goes well , many existing Android users will get that update even if they do n't get a new handset .
After spending just a few hours with my new phone , here are a few of my favorite Android 2.1 features , in screenshots .
Advertisement
Click to enlarge each image to actual size ( including the image of my current home screen , shown here ) .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
First off , Android 2.1 has some satisfying eye candy that does n't necessarily make you more productive , but does make the phone more fun to use .
The application menu button has been replaced with a button that looks like a grid ( see bottom of the first screenshot ) .
When you tap it , your application icons fly into place to take over the desktop in their own grid , and you can scroll them back and forward as if they were on a 3 - D cube , shown here .
Advertisement
Android 2.1's Live Wallpapers are pulse in different ways when you touch the desktop — again , not strictly useful , but they make the phone feel as if it is alive in your hand and responding to your every action .
Two new desktop widgets come in way handy :
One offers one - click toggle of your most important settings ( GPS , Bluetooth , screen brightness , and Wi - Fi on / off ) , and the other has top news stories for idle browsing when you 're on line at the grocery store .
I 'm not a widget gal — I trashed that big old clock first thing when I set up Android 1.5/6 — but these two , along with the Google search box , are keepers .
Advertisement
Every single text area in Android 2.1 is speech - to - text enabled , which means you can say your text messages , emails , tweets , notes to self , whatever .
It works like Google 's voice - enabled search box does .
You tap the microphone button on the keyboard , speak , and then the spinner grinds away at the recording , translating it to text .
Advertisement
The conversion takes a few seconds , depending on how much you said , and it requires a decent internet connection to complete .
In a spotty area I got a few " Connection error " messages when I tried to speak my first tweet from the Nexus One using Seesmic .
( That was disappointing . )
Advertisement
The results are hit or miss .
Advertisement
Sometimes they 're pretty decent .
Here I said , " Every text area is speech - to - text enabled so you can speak your email , text messages , or tweets . "
I did n't say the punctuation , and you can see it borked the " is , " and missed the " so . "
Not bad .
Advertisement
Not all results are that close , though .
This is another set of results I got , saying the same exact thing as above .
Advertisement
Android continues to offer the best Gmail mobile client available on any platform .
The latest version of Google 's Gmail Android app supports " Undo . "
When you archive , label , or delete a Gmail conversation , you get the option to Undo the action .
( Great for when you accidentally tap something you did n't mean to . )
The upgraded Gmail app also supports multiple accounts , so you can get mail from your work , personal , and moonlighting Gmail accounts in one interface .
Advertisement
Another " oh , that 's cool ! "
Gmail discovery : if you tap the dot next to a contact 's name , you get a popup with one - click access to that person 's information with their photo .
Advertisement
Contact photos are a powerful thing on a mobile device , and Android 2.1 ships with the Facebook application , which can sync your contacts '
Facebook photos into your contact list .
LOVE IT .
Advertisement
New to me ( but not Droid owners ) is Android 's new Car Home screen , for navigational purposes on the road .
I have n't had the chance to try this out yet , but I 'm really looking forward to it .
( My trusted Android informant Kevin at Lifehacker gave it his thumbs - up . )
Advertisement
It was great to see that Google Voice came pre-installed on the Nexus One , and telling GVoice to handle my new mobile number 's voicemail was literally a one - click affair .
( Hopefully no one will ever even know my new mobile number , since I hope to go completely Google Voice from here on in . )
Advertisement
Speaking of , setting up this phone in general was dead - easy .
You simply sign into your Google account on the phone and instantly your contacts , email , calendar , and Google Voice calls / history are on the phone — no syncing or importing necessary .
The only reason why I connected it to my computer was to take screenshots for this post , and later , to move some music onto it .
I 'm still very much on the Nexus One / Android 2.1 honeymoon , but I do have two minor gripes .
First , you still can't take screenshots on the device itself .
WTF .
( I had to jump through a bunch of developer hoops just to get screen caps for this post . )
And second , I 've accidentally tapped the Nexus One 's search and home buttons while reaching for the spacebar on the touch keyboard more than twice .
The touch keyboard in general is going to take some getting used to .
Advertisement
So , what have I missed or glossed over when it comes to Android 2.1 ?
Tell me what else is worth looking at .
Android 2.1's Best Features in Screenshots [ Smarterware ]
Smarterware is Lifehacker editor emeritus Gina Trapani's new home away from ' hacker .
To get all of the latest from Smarterware , be sure to subscribe to the Smarterware RSS feed .
How To Ensure A Proper Fit
Page 1 of 2
Sometimes you slip on that new shirt and it just does n't feel right .
But what is it ?
Is it the sleeve length ?
The collar ?
The way it looks with a blazer ?
Well , the confusion ends today .
I 've devised the following rules and tips for how basic clothing items should fit your body .
And while what you wear and how you wear it changes over time , these tips are timeless .
After all , getting clothes to feel right goes hand in hand with getting clothes to look right .
button - down shirts
Sleeves & cuffs
Dress shirts tend to shrink after a few washings , so before buying and getting a shirt tailored , make sure the sleeve is slightly longer in order to counteract any eventual shrinkage .
So what 's the right length when it comes to shirt sleeves ?
They should cover your wrist and reach the beginning of your thumbs .
As well , your cuffs should be tight enough to prevent them from slipping down your wrist .
If you opt to leave your button - down shirt untucked , it should hang just above your pants zipper ( at back pocket level ) .
If you opt to leave your button - down shirt untucked , it should hang just above your pants zipper ( at back pocket level ) .
When wearing a jacket and extending your arms , the sleeves should land between a half - inch and one inch past the jacket .
Anything longer is cause for tailoring or buying a smaller shirt .
Collars & shirts
If the shirt 's seams meet at the shoulder , you know it fits quite well .
Your forefinger should be able to fit in between your collar and your neck when the shirt is buttoned to the top .
The collar 's tips and outer edge should be covered by your blazer or suit jacket 's lapels .
To ensure that this happens , always fit your dress shirts and button - downs before fitting your jackets and blazers .
blazers
The blazer or jacket 's sleeve should rest at your thumb knuckle when your arm is extended , and the blazer or jacket should cover your backside .
The blazer or jacket 's sleeve should rest at your thumb knuckle when your arm is extended , and the blazer or jacket should cover your backside .
The blazer / jacket 's collar should leave about a half - inch of your dress shirt 's collar visible .
If you plan on wearing your sports jacket frequently over sweaters , bring a thin or regular knit sweater with you when trying on or tailoring the blazer or suit jacket .
pants
Trousers
Determining whether you have the right fit when it comes to slacks is fairly simple .
Try them on without shoes ; they should just touch the floor .
With shoes on , the back part of your pants should barely touch the ground ( one rule of thumb is that pants should break at about 1/3 of the way down the shoe ) .
And if you need one more sign that your slacks might not fit well , remember that your socks should not show when you walk .
When belting slacks , do n't pull too tight , or you risk bunching up the fabric around your midsection .
This will make your gut appear larger than it is .
If you 're hemming your pants at the waist , place them below your belly button .
If you 're hemming your pants at the waist , place them below your belly button .
And of course , remember that slacks — like shirts — usually shrink when you wash them .
Buy ( or have a tailor create ) pants just a shade longer than what you actually need .
Make sure your jeans , ties , overcoats , and belts look just right ...
The population of the Khanty - Mansi region is about 1,626,000 ( 2015 ) , the area - 534,801 sq. km .
Khanty - Mansi autonomous okrug - Yugra is a federal subject of Russia , part of the Urals Federal District .
Khanty - Mansiysk is the capital city of the region .
Khanty - Mansi region history
Yugra is the historical homeland of the Ob - Ugric peoples : Khanty , Mansi , Nenets , and Selkup .
They were engaged in hunting , fishing , cattle breeding .
After the Turkic peoples pushed them from south to north , these peoples had to apply their skills in more severe conditions .
It is at this new location Ugrians began to domesticate deer .
In the first half of the second millennium AD , the main features of the material and spiritual culture of Khanty , Mansi and forest Nenets were formed .
It is believed that since then they have not undergone major changes .
Since the second half of the 13th century , a new factor in the development of the region was its entry into the Golden Horde .
At the end of the 14th century , the collapse of the Golden Horde led to the emergence of a separate Tyumen Khanate .
In 1495 , the Siberian Khanate appeared .
At that time the basic principles of political , administrative and socio-economic organization of this territory were developed .
The region was called Ugra or Yugra .
More historical facts …
The region became part of Russia in the end of the 16th century .
From the middle of the 18th century , this region became a place of exile for criminals .
December 10 , 1930 , Ostyako - Vogul national okrug was formed with the center in the settlement of Samarovo .
Construction of a new center began 5 km away from it .
In February 1932 , the new center of the region was named Ostyako - Vogulsk .
In 1934 , the first steps to find oil and natural gas in the region were taken .
October 23 , 1940 , Ostyko - Vogul national okrug was renamed Khanty - Mansi national okrug and Ostyko - Vogulsk was renamed Khanty - Mansiysk .
August 14 , 1944 , the region became part of Tyumen oblast .
January 27 , 1950 , Khanty - Mansiysk became a city .
September 21 , 1953 , in Berezovo , the first natural gas in Western Siberia was produced .
June 23 , 1960 , the first oil in Western Siberia was discovered near Shaim .
This was followed by the discovery of many other oil and natural gas fields .
Along with the industrial exploitation of oil and gas fields , the timber industry developed rapidly .
By the end of the 20th century , under the influence of demographic and socio-economic developments the Khanty - Mansi region in fact lost its national basis .
July 25 , 2003 , Khanty - Mansi autonomous okrug was renamed Khanty - Mansi autonomous okrug - Yugra .
Yugra views
Rest on the lake in Yugra Author : O. Frolov
Golden autumn in the Khanty - Mansy region Author : Leonid Karpushin
Beautiful nature of Yugra Author : O. Frolov
Khanty - Mansi region features
Khanty - Mansi autonomous okrug , located in the middle of Russia , occupies the central part of the West Siberian Plain .
Its territory stretches from west to east for almost 1,400 km , from north to south for 900 km .
The area of the region is comparable to France or Ukraine .
The climate is temperate continental characterized by rapid change of weather especially in spring and autumn .
Winters are long , snowy and cold with frosts below minus 30 degrees Celsius .
Summers are short and warm .
From the west this region is protected by the Ural mountains , from the north it is open to cold arctic air .
The highest points of the region are Mount Narodnaya ( 1,895 m ) in the Polar Urals and Mount Pedy ( 1,010 m ) in the Northern Urals .
Two major rivers flow in Khanty - Mansi autonomous okrug : the Ob ( 3,650 km ) and its tributary the Irtysh ( 3,580 km ) .
About 30 % of the territory is covered by swamps .
There are more than 300,000 lakes surrounded by marshes and forests .
The largest cities of the Khanty - Mansi region are Surgut ( 341,000 ) , Nizhnevartovsk ( 268,000 ) , Nefteyugansk ( 125,000 ) , Khanty - Mansiysk ( 95,300 ) , Kogalym ( 63,000 ) , Nyagan ( 57,000 ) .
Today , only about 32,000 people are representatives of indigenous peoples : Khanty , Mansi and Nenets .
Half of them live in the traditional way .
This region is very rich in oil and natural gas .
The largest oil and natural gas fields are Samotlorskoye , Fedorovskoye , Mamontovskoye , Priobskoye .
There are also deposits of gold , coal , iron ore , copper , zinc , lead and other mineral resources .
The climate is not favorable for agriculture .
Most of the agricultural products and foodstuffs is brought from other Russian regions .
Waterways and railways are the main shipping ways .
The total length of the pipeline network is 107,000 km .
About 60 % of Russian oil is produced in the Khanty - Mansi region .
In total , more than 10 billion tons of oil were produced here .
The total number of oil and natural gas fields discovered is 475 .
In the coming decades , the Khanty - Mansi region will remain the main resource base of hydrocarbons in Russia .
Khanty - Mansi okrug tourism
Yugra has unique natural , cultural and historical resources for the development of recreation and tourism .
On the territory of the region there are historical and cultural monuments , as well as modern infrastructure for lovers of cultural , educational , recreational tourism , and outdoor activities .
International events ( sports competitions , festivals and forums ) help to open this place to foreigners as an amazing corner of the globe .
Khanty - Mansi autonomous okrug has a number of wonderful natural sites worthy of attention : two nature reserves ( “ Malaya Sosva ” and “ Yugansky ” ) , four nature parks ( “ Samarovsky Chugas ” , “ Siberian ridges ” , “ Numto ” , “ Kondinskie lakes ” ) , ten monuments of nature , archeological complexes ( “ Barsova Mountain ” , “ Saygatino ” , Sherkaly settlement ) .
Holidays of the northern peoples are also popular among tourists : Reindeer Herder ’s Day , Day of indigenous Peoples of the North “ Crow day ” , Fisherman ’s Day , Bear holiday and others .
Active and extreme types of tourism ( skiing , snowboarding , kiting ) are gaining in popularity .
There are seven ski resorts in the region .
In summer , travelers can go rafting on mountain rivers of Siberia .
Tourists can also go on a special oil tour that includes a visit to the oil - producing companies .
They learn about the oil industry and the history of oil exploration in Siberia .
Khanty - Mansi autonomous okrug is a region of endless charm of the beautiful nature and modern tourist facilities .
True lovers of northern landscapes and local cultures will be able to fully enjoy the incomparable scenery and generous hospitality in Ugra .
One of the best gifts anyone ever gave me were savings bonds .
I do n't remember their face value .
All I know is I redeemed them for far more than grandpa paid out in the early ' 70s .
They covered most of the cost of the first car I bought , a used Toyota Tercel .
That blue aluminum can got me through Indiana winters , an internship in Louisiana and my first newspaper gig in New Mexico .
It served me well .
But a larger lesson prevailed :
How money , properly invested , grows dramatically with time .
This holiday , it 's hard to be cheery with so many of us unemployed or underpaid , digging out of debt and still angry about last year 's financial fiasco .
What better time to give a gift that emphasizes the virtues of saving ?
The value of growing money ?
If you 're scrambling for a meaningful last - minute gift , here are some ideas that fit the bill .
Pun intended .
Start your own bank : Holidays are for miracles , so give the miracle of compounding .
Even if Ben Bernanke won't .
Jennifer Koski , associate finance professor at the University of Washington , tracks and rewards her kids ' savings and expenditures on a spreadsheet .
Each week , their allowance is automatically credited to their " account " in one column .
When they buy something , the cost is debited , or subtracted , in another column .
She also deducts $ 1 a week to give to a charity of their choice .
Best yet , she pays interest on account balances , compounded weekly .
" They quickly figured out that it makes a lot of sense to save , " Koski says .
Especially since she pays an above - market interest rate of ... 14 percent !?!?
" Sorry , " Koski adds .
" You have to be my child to be a customer at Koski Bank . "
Do n't be intimidated by Koski's spreadsheet , an example of which you can
.
You can replicate her idea just as easily with a calculator , notebook paper and generous rate .
Give to someone 's Health Savings Account :
A little known feature of these 6 - year - old medical savings accounts is that anyone can contribute to them on another 's behalf .
Anyone .
You can give to Bernanke 's if you 're so moved .
Unlike flexible spending accounts , unspent HSA balances do n't disappear at year 's end .
That makes them a great health - savings vehicle for young people .
Interestingly , the HSA account owner gets to deduct the contribution above the line on 2009 tax returns , says Dean Sandow , an attorney at Farleigh Wada Witt in Portland .
Maximum contribution : $ 3,000 ( or $ 5,950 for families ) a year .
Individuals and families can start these , not just employers .
But you must be covered by a high - deductible health plan , meaning the deductible is at least $ 1,150 for an individual and $ 2,300 for a family plan .
You can't be on Medicare or be another taxpayer 's dependent , either .
Withdrawals can be used without penalty to buy nonprescription drugs or to pay premiums for health insurance for the unemployed .
Banks , credit unions and insurance companies can manage the account , and the money can be invested like an IRA in just about anything .
Set up a Roth IRA :
Need to gift money by Dec. 31 to keep your estate in check ?
Madeline Moore , a certified financial planner in Portland , tells such clients to fund a Roth IRA for a younger member of the family as a holiday gift .
A Roth can receive up to $ 5,000 a year of after - tax dollars .
The balance grows free of tax , and the beneficiary pays no tax on withdrawals made in retirement .
And they are n't just retirement accounts .
After five years , account owners can , without penalty , make withdrawals to pay college tuition or up to $ 10,000 to buy a first home .
Balances can be passed on to heirs , along with your holiday heirloom leg lamp .
Give a subscription :
To Kiplinger 's Personal Finance , Money or SmartMoney , says Suzanne Rague , a fee-only adviser with Portfolios Northwest Inc. in Beaverton .
" These magazines do a good job of covering a wide range of personal finance issues , and are interesting to read , " she says .
When this column just is n't enough !
Trendsetters also can follow Kiplinger on Twitter and SmartMoney on its mobile site .
Give a gift certificate to a fee - only adviser or planner :
A certified financial planner charges $ 150 to $ 200 an hour , Moore says .
That 's likely enough to help a young earner set up a budget .
You 'll need more for a full financial plan .
Start a college savings plan
: Perhaps you have n't because you worry the recipient , or beneficiary , of the account 's proceeds wo n't go to college .
Well , Congress played Santa on this .
Section 529 of the U.S. tax code allows those who establish the account ( the owner ) to transfer the account to another family member , even a beneficiary 's first cousin .
Give Series I Savings Bonds :
A no -brainer .
They currently yield 3.36 percent interest .
The rate adjusts every six months to stay ahead of inflation .
They come in denominations as low as $ 25 .
If you spend them on higher education , you do n't have to pay federal tax on the interest .
And you can gift them
.
Need I say more ?
Yes .
Make sure the child is listed as a beneficiary , not a co-owner , of the bond .
And that you meet requirements listed at
.
Give a book :
Since the last book I read was the 600 - page " Income Tax Planning for Financial Planners , " for this , we turn to experts :
"
" by Michael B. Rubin , a CPA and certified financial planner .
" My kids are n't ones to gush over gifts , especially if they are on the ' preachy ' side , " says Ron Kelemen , a certified financial planner with The H Group Inc. in Salem .
" Nor are they always consistent with thank - you notes .
But this book brought me enthusiastic thanks and lots of ' Gee , I want to get started ' comments -- that they have actually implemented . "
"
" by Vicki Robin and Joe Dominguez .
John Settle , associate professor of finance at Portland State , says , " It is a money management guide ( not so much an investment guide ) , but is really strong in advocating for a good psychological relationship with money . "
"
: The Good , the Flawed , the Bad , and the Ugly . "
Terry Donahe , a certified financial planner with Cascade Wealth Management in Lake Oswego , recommends this book from Larry Swedroe ( one of my favorite authors /
) and Jared Kizer .
Christmas Trees -- an options trading strategy -- did n't make the cut .
Give homemade , from the heart :
Loretta Moesta , president of O.U.R. Federal Credit Union in Eugene , has kids make cards or personalized photo albums for far - away relatives .
She also likes handmade coupon books bearing the following deals :
" I can go on and on , " Moesta says .
" It is n't the money , or the gift that breaks or ends up at Goodwill , but the lasting memory .
If you know anyone who is suffering from a terminal illness , they do n't want stuff -- they want you . "
After all , it is only money .
Happy holidays .
Brent Hunsberger does not give financial advice but welcomes questions , comments and holiday gifts .
Reach him at 503-221-8359 .
“ E.P.A. is stepping up to protect Americans from one of the most persistent and widespread pollutants we face , ” Lisa P. Jackson , the agency ’s administrator , said in a statement .
“ Smog in the air we breathe poses a very serious health threat , especially to children and individuals suffering from asthma and lung disease .
It dirties our air , clouds our cities and drives up our health care costs across the country . ”
Smog or ground - level ozone is not emitted by a single source , but is , according to the E.P.A. , formed by a reaction of nitrogen oxides , volatile organic compounds , carbon monoxide and methane in the presence of sunlight .
The main sources of these pollutants are power plants and factories , fumes from volatile solvents , vehicles emissions and gasoline vapors .
Smog is worse in the summer because of heat and sunlight , and can travel hundreds of miles from its source and affect small towns , rural communities and wilderness areas .
The leader of an association of air - quality enforcement agencies welcomed the proposal .
“ This is exactly what states and localities have advocated for 30 years , ” said S. William Becker , executive director of the National Association of Clean Air Agencies .
“ This will not be easy to achieve , whichever number the E.P.A. ultimately chooses , but it ’s a decision that will ensure that public health is protected with an adequate margin of safety . ”
Mr. Becker also said that the projected costs of compliance were likely to be lower than the agency ’s estimate .
“ And the benefits will likely trump the costs many times over , ” he said .
The American Petroleum Institute , the oil companies ’ chief lobby , criticized the proposal as costly and likely to be ineffective .
The group said there was no new scientific basis for changing the standard set at the end of the Bush administration .
“ To do so is an obvious politicization of the air - quality standard - setting process that could mean unnecessary energy cost increases , job losses and less domestic oil and natural gas development and energy security , ” the group said in a statement issued minutes after the agency ’s announcement .
The trade association for electric utilities , the Edison Electric Institute , reacted warily .
“ We probably wo n’t know for a couple of years just what utilities and other emissions sources will be required to do in response to a tighter ozone standard , ” said John Kinsman , the institute ’s senior director for the environment .
“ States will have to cast a very wide net when targeting sources for emissions cuts , in part because utilities already have made substantial reductions in ozone - related emissions . ”
In a city once synonymous with decadence , a new drug menace has emerged in Shanghai .
Recreational users are bingeing on ketamine , cocaine and methamphetamine to keep them playing into the early hours .
This time it is not the young and reckless fuelling late - night tours of nightclubs .
Instead , says a state newspaper , retired and middle - aged residents are turning to drugs to stay awake through marathon sessions of mahjong .
Zheng Yuqing , spokesman for the Shanghai anti-drug commission , warned of a " significant increase " in cases among 40 - to 60 - year - olds .
" The drug - taking mostly occurs among groups in card rooms , a place popular among the elderly where they can get together and play cards .
The addicts are often friends who have known each other for years , " he told China Daily .
The newspaper said many took cocaine and other stimulants during card - playing and mahjong sessions that often lasted all night .
The games frequently involve gambling , which is illegal on the mainland .
" Most of the older victims are unemployed or retired and so have plenty of spare time .
They are often not well - educated and have little awareness of the harm caused by taking drugs , " Zheng added .
While most users are teenagers or youthful professionals , the proportion of drug addicts who are under 35 has declined from 77 % nationwide in 2001 to just under 60 % last year , the paper reported .
" More and more middle - aged and older people take drugs because they feel lonely and empty after retiring or losing their jobs , " said Li Luyan , secretary - general of Shanghai Sports Association for the Aged .
" Their children and society in general should show more care to these people to keep them away from drugs … they need more activities , such as sports , to fill their spare time . "
Drug abuse among mahjong players will be disappointing to sports officials , who have tried to clean up the game 's image in recent years .
They even asked for advice from enthusiasts in the United States , where the game is popular with middle - class women .
" Initially the game was played in opium dens , " pointed out Ruth Unger , president of the New York - based National Mah Jongg League and one of those who advised Chinese officials .
" [ More recently ] there was a complete turnaround and they were trying to promote ' healthy mahjong ' . "
Unger said the game itself was addictive , which helps to explain why it can tax the health of even youthful participants .
Last year a 30 - year - old man in Guizhou province slipped into a coma after playing for 32 hours non-stop , state media reported .
Eugene police suspect that a man who was on " Deadliest Catch " last season committed three bank robberies .
A news release said that Joshua Tel Warner , a 23 - year - old from Oakridge , may have fled to the East Coast , Canada or Mexico .
He was a “ green horn ” deckhand aboard the crab - fishing vessel the Wizard on “ Deadliest Catch ” in the 2008 - 2009 season , the release said .
No one from the
, which airs the show , was immediately available for comment .
Eugene police said Warner , who is 6 - foot - 1 , weighs 185 to 195 pounds and has a tattoo on his right thigh , is suspected in the Oct. 19 , 2007 robbery of a Washington Mutual branch at 2840 Willamette St . They ’ve also linked him to two robberies this year of the Pacific Continental bank branch at 1450 High St. on April 3 and August 28 .
It was not clear how they linked Warner to the robberies .
The release said he knows he is wanted by police .
They said another man was with him in the most recent robbery .
A warrant is being sought for that man ’s arrest .
He has not yet been publicly identified .
Warner was known for his confrontations with other crew members and the captain on the show .
Capt. Keith Colburn is from Redmond Wash . , and the ship , which dates to World War II , was converted into a fishing vessel in 1978 .
Before working in Alaska , Warner fished for Dungeness crab on the Oregon Coast and was a fighter , the news release said .
Anyone with information about this case should call Detective Jeff Donaca of the Eugene Oregon Police Department at 541-682-5193 .
Canada 's long wait for a first Olympic gold medal on home soil is over after Alexandre Bilodeau won the men 's moguls event in Vancouver .
Bilodeau , 22 , finished ahead of Australia 's reigning champion Dale Begg - Smith and American Bryon Wilson .
It ended a 34 - year wait and sparked wild celebrations at Cypress Mountain .
Canada had never won an Olympic gold medal in their homeland , failing to capture any at the 1976 Montreal Summer Games or the 1988 Calgary Winter Games .
" I do n't think I really realise it , " said Bilodeau .
" It 's too good to be true . "
MATTHEW PINSENT'S BLOG Vancouver will be sleeping that little bit better tonight - the spell is broken
BBC reporter in Vancouver A day after his moguls team - mate Jennifer Heil failed to live up to expectations and win Canada 's first gold medal , Bilodeau stepped up and flew down the course in a speedy , near flawless run .
After qualifying with the second best time , Bilodeau was the penultimate skier .
He then blazed through the slushy moguls , tore down the course in 23.17 seconds and posted a score that was 0.17 points better than Canadian - born Begg - Smith , who won gold for Australia in Turin four years ago .
When the final skier , Guilbaut Colas of France , had his sixth - place score flashed on the board , the Canadian crowd went wild .
" It 's been a dream since I was a little kid and it's come true , " said Bilodeau .
" I can't think .
There are more golds to come for Canada .
It 's just the beginning of a good party in Canada . "
It is a moment that will be played and replayed for the next two weeks and beyond - one that will be celebrated again come Monday , when Bilodeau receives the Olympic gold in a ceremony downtown in Vancouver .
He and Wilson were the only two men in the finals who dared try a backflip with two twists on the top jump .
And bronze medallist Wilson said : " A year ago , I would 've been just happy to make the Olympics , that was my first goal .
" When I got down to the bottom , I saw the score , I hoped it would hold out and it did .
And it was pretty amazing . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
SOMEBODY in NASA was flying high , but not on the space shuttle , according to a report yesterday .
The US space agency is launching an investigation after an unspecified amount of cocaine was found Wednesday inside a plastic bag in a Cape Canaveral , Florida shuttle processing facility , Central Florida News 13 reported .
The building is where workers are prepping the space shuttle Discovery for its scheduled March trip .
Some 200 personnel were tested Wednesday and there was no indication any worker was under the influence on duty , the station said , citing a NASA spokesperson .
NASA has a zero tolerance policy for drugs in the workplace .
Originally published as Cocaine found in space shuttle garage
Indiana Rep. Vanessa Summers ( D - Indianapolis ) is the chair of the Family , Children and Human Affairs Committee .
Recently , she introduced a sensible piece of legislation .
It has to do with child - care facilities in religious places — churches , mosques , synagogues , etc .
At the moment , none of them need licenses to operate and anyone can be a caregiver .
Summers ’ legislation would require them to register with the state … and to meet certain standards .
Caregivers would have to be at least 17 and enrolled in high school or 18 and have a high school diploma .
The bill also would set ratios limiting the number of children caregivers can be responsible for and require ministries to report injuries to the state .
Another part of the bill would require the state government to conduct a criminal history background of the applicants before awarding them a license .
It all makes a lot of sense … right ?
No one is telling the churches what to believe or what to teach the children .
This is strictly about the safety of the children .
So what ’s the reaction to Summers ’ bill ?
Summers said she had become the target of a smear campaign by opponents of the bill who rallied even her own pastors against her and accused her of being an atheist .
“ I have been called anything but a child of God because of this legislation , ” Summers said , staring directly at Eric Miller of the conservative lobbying group Advance America .
( Hey , why is “ atheist ” an insult ? ! )
In any case , it ’s just not true .
Summers is a church - going Christian .
Apparently , though , she ’s the “ wrong kind ” of Christian .
How dare she care about the children … ?
Miller told his sheep that this bill would “ lead to government intrusion into faith - based summer camps , vacation Bible schools , Sunday schools and after - school programs . ”
Of course , it does nothing of the sort , but Miller does n’t seem to care about the facts .
Look at how he spins this on his own website :
If House Bill 1036 passes , for the first time in over 30 years Indiana government would be able to tell a church :
Who they could hire for their child care ministry !
they could for their child care ministry !
What education the workers in the child care ministry must have !
the workers in the child care ministry must have !
How many children the church could have in the child care ministry !
The government would in effect be requiring the church to be licensed by the state if they want to have a child care ministry !
With this bill , churches could still hire anyone they want … after a background check .
If the church does n’t want to hire gays , atheists , Jews and blacks , they would be allowed to discriminate as they wish ( since no public funds are being used ) .
The workers do n’t need a PhD .
They need to be enrolled in high school ( at 17 ) or have a high school diploma ( at 18 + ) … that ’s enough education , I would hope , to make smart , basic decisions about the care of a child .
I know that , in the case of an emergency , I would probably not want my kids ’ lives in the hands of a couple 14 - year - olds .
This is just a logical move for the church .
There ’s a limit to the number of children because one adult cannot reasonably take care of an overflow of children in the event of an emergency .
Again , this is in the best interest of the children .
I doubt the people who listen to Harris have even read this bill .
Summers ’ own pastor attests to this :
… [ Summers ’ ] associate pastor “ came up and told me he was very disappointed in me , ” she said .
“ My first question to him was , ‘ Did you read the bill ? ’
He told me no .
* facepalm *
At the moment , Summers has postponed discussion about this bill until this coming Friday .
If you can make it to the Indiana General Assembly to support this bill on Friday , I ’m sure it would be a tremendous boost for Summers , who only wants what ’s best for the children .
Dozens of people scrambled at Mercy Corps headquarters in Old Town today , organizing the agency 's emergency response effort for Haiti .
" Our office has been nuts , " said Caitlin Carlson , a spokeswoman for the group .
" Everyone has been on the phone , on Skype and on email constantly .
All of our staff is really experienced in dealing with an inundation of information so it's a little bit of controlled chaos . "
The group will send a four - person team to Haiti from three separate cities .
Two people — program manager Gene Kunze and multimedia specialist Cassandra Nelson — will leave from Portland .
Richard Jacquot , who speaks French and is specialized in emergency response , will leave from Medford .
Jenny Vaughn , who provides technical support , will leave from Boston .
They will all convene in the Dominican Republic where they will rent a car , stock up on supplies and drive overland to Haiti .
Once in the capital , Port - au - Prince , they will assess the needs of the impoverished country which lacks supplies even in good times .
" We 'll get boots on the ground and things into people hands , " Carlson said .
" Food , and clean water — that 's a huge thing .
Shelter is going to be huge too because the earthquake damaged a lot of homes . "
The agency has confronted similar situations in the past .
" We have a lot of experience with earthquakes , " Carlson said .
" We 've responded to five or six in the past five or six years . "
She said the damage in Haiti , which was hit by a magnitude 7.0 earthquake , is similar to the devastation caused by the May 2008 earthquake in southwest China .
The 7.9 magnitude quake tumbled buildings and killed more than 80,000 people .
The group has set up a Haiti earthquake fund .
To contribute call 888-256-1900 or visit the group 's Web site .
-- Lynne Terry
I ’m always searching for better and simpler ways to explain the reason why I believe climate researchers have overestimated the sensitivity of our climate system to increasing carbon dioxide concentrations in the atmosphere .
What follows is a somewhat different take than I ’ve used in the past .
In the following cartoon , I ’ve illustrated 2 different ways to interpret a hypothetical ( but realistic ) set of satellite observations that indicate ( 1 ) warming of 1 degree C in global average temperature , accompanied by ( 2 ) an increase of 1 Watt per sq. meter of extra radiant energy lost by the Earth to space .
The ‘ consensus ’ IPCC view , on the left , would be that the 1 deg .
C increase in temperature was the cause of the 1 Watt increase in the Earth ’s cooling rate .
If true , that would mean that a doubling of atmospheric carbon dioxide by late in this century ( a 4 Watt decrease in the Earth ’s ability to cool ) would eventually lead to 4 deg .
C of global warming .
Not good news .
But those who interpret satellite data in this way are being sloppy .
For instance , they never bother to investigate exactly WHY the warming occurred in the first place .
As shown on the right , natural cloud variations can do the job quite nicely .
To get a net 1 Watt of extra loss you can ( for instance ) have a gain of 2 Watts of forcing from the cloud change causing the 1 deg .
C of warming , and then a resulting feedback response to that warming of an extra 3 Watts .
The net result still ends up being a loss of 1 extra Watt , but in this scenario , a doubling of CO2 would cause little more than 1 deg .
C of warming since the Earth is so much more efficient at cooling itself in response to a temperature increase .
Of course , you can choose other combinations of forcing and feedback , and end up deducing just about any amount of future warming you want .
Note that the major uncertainty here is what caused the warming in the first place .
Without knowing that , there is no way to know how sensitive the climate system is .
And that lack of knowledge has a very interesting consequence .
If there is some forcing you are not aware of , you WILL end up overestimating climate sensitivity .
In this business , the less you know about how the climate system works , the more fragile the climate system looks to you .
This is why I spend so much time trying to separately identify cause ( forcing ) and effect ( feedback ) in our satellite measurements of natural climate variability .
As a result of this inherent uncertainty regarding causation , climate modelers are free to tune their models to produce just about any amount of global warming they want to .
It will be difficult to prove them wrong , since there is as yet no unambiguous interpretation of the satellite data in this regard .
They can simply assert that there are no natural causes of climate change , and as a result they will conclude that our climate system is precariously balanced on a knife edge .
The two go hand - in - hand .
Their science thus enters the realm of faith .
Of course , there is always an element of faith in scientific inquiry .
Unfortunately , in the arena of climate research the level of faith is unusually high , and I get the impression most researchers are not even aware of its existence .
Tags
Real GDP increased at an annual rate of 5.7 % in Q4 after rising by 2.2 % in Q3 — the quickest pace in more than six years .
This was above Wall Street economists ' forecast for a 4.6 % increase in Q4 .
The yearly rate of growth of real GDP climbed to 0.1 % in Q4 from − 2.6 % in Q3 .
The yearly rate of growth of GDP at current prices , i.e. , nominal GDP increased by 0.8 % in Q4 from − 2.1 % in the prior quarter .
The bounce in the growth momentum of both real and nominal GDP is due to the Fed 's massive money expansion .
However , a sharp fall in the growth momentum of real AMS poses a threat to the growth momentum of GDP in quarters ahead .
Most economists , including the White House chief economist Christina Romer , hailed the Q4 GDP data as " the most positive news to date on the economy . "
But economic growth presented in terms of GDP just describes monetary expenditure .
GDP is designed along the line of Keynesian thinking , which holds that spending equates with income — hence more spending leads to a higher national income and in turn to higher economic growth .
On this logic , a tighter monetary stance by the Fed leads to slower economic growth while increases in monetary pumping produce higher economic growth .
( In the GDP framework , money expansion leads to an increase in overall income in the economy , and hence to a higher rate of growth of GDP ) .
In reality the exact opposite actually takes place — printing more money weakens wealth generators ' ability to grow the economy whilst a decline in the money supply 's rate of growth strengthens their ability to grow the economy .
Once the central bank raises the pace of money expansion in order to lift the economy out of a recession , it prevents the demise of various false activities .
It also gives rise to new false activities .
The outcome of such so - called economic growth is nothing more than the strengthening of wealth consumers and renewed pressure on wealth generators .
All this undermines the process of wealth generation and weakens true economic growth .
Real Savings Fund Economic Activity
Irrespective of whether an activity is productive or nonproductive , it must be funded .
At any point in time , the number and the size of activities that can be undertaken is determined by the available amount of real savings .
From this we can infer that the overall rate of increase in productive and nonproductive activities as a whole is set by the rate of expansion in the pool of real savings .
This inference runs contrary to the GDP framework , where the pace of money pumping sets economic growth .
After all , individuals , whether in productive or nonproductive activities , must have access to real savings in order to sustain their lives and well - beings .
Money cannot sustain individuals — it can only fulfill the role of the medium of exchange .
As long as wealth producers can generate enough real wealth to support productive and nonproductive activities , loose - money policies will appear to be successful .
" Neither the Fed nor the government can grow the economy .
All that stimulatory policies can do is redistribute real savings from wealth - productive to nonproductive activities . "
Over time a situation can emerge where , as a result of persistent loose monetary and fiscal policies , there are not enough wealth generators left .
Consequently , generated real savings are not large enough to support an increase in economic activity .
Once this happens , the illusion of loose monetary and fiscal policies is shattered ; real economic growth must come under pressure .
Even in terms of GDP , it will be difficult to show economic growth .
( The only way , in such an event , that GDP could grow is through the use of misleading price deflators ) .
As a rule , monetary pumping by the Fed " works " through the commercial banks ' expansion of credit — the increase in commercial bank reserves on account of the Fed 's pumping gets amplified by means of credit expansion .
At present , banks are finding it more attractive to sit on massive piles of cash reserves rather than lend them out .
In January 2010 , excess bank reserves stood at $ 1.063 trillion , against $ 793 billion in January 2009 and $ 1.4 billion in January 2008 .
The banks are still in the process of trying to fix their balance sheets .
Also , they can't find many viable borrowers , i.e. , wealth generators .
All this raises the likelihood that the process of wealth formation is in trouble .
Note that if the pace of wealth generation were rising , banks would have been very active in securing a growing slice of the expanding real wealth for themselves .
The latest data indicates that banks are still very tight .
Year - on - year , in January commercial bank lending fell by 8.8 % , and in December it fell by 7.9 % .
This was the 9th consecutive monthly decline .
If the supply of real savings is dwindling , the government 's attempt to boost the rate of growth of GDP by raising expenditures is also going to fail .
After all , government activities also require real savings .
If the government persists with its aggressive stance , it will only make things much worse : it will deprive funding from wealth - generating activities .
Increasing government outlays while the pool of real savings is declining could severely damage the process of real - wealth formation .
Those commentators who subscribe to the view that an increase in government spending can fix things hold that something can be created out of nothing .
There is no such thing as a stimulus policy that can grow the economy .
Neither the Fed nor the government can grow the economy .
All that stimulatory policies can do is redistribute real savings from wealth - productive to nonproductive activities .
These policies encourage consumption that is not supported by useful production .
The latest data show that in Q4 the government outlays to GDP ratio stood at 0.25 .
Note that the ratio is on an explosive path .
Also , the government deficit as a percentage of GDP increased further in December .
The 12 - month moving average of this percentage stood at 10.3 % against 10.1 % in November and 4.7 % in December 2008 .
Conclusion
US real GDP increased at an annual rate of 5.7 % in Q4 — the fastest pace in more than six years .
The yearly rate of growth climbed to 0.1 % in Q4 from − 2.6 % in Q3 .
We suggest that the current bounce in the growth momentum of real GDP is on account of the Fed 's past massive money pumping .
A sharp fall in the current growth momentum of AMS poses a threat to economic growth in terms of GDP in quarters ahead .
We suggest that what matters for true economic growth is the pool of real savings .
There is a growing likelihood that this pool might be in trouble .
An important factor that provides support for this conclusion is the continuous fall in bank lending .
A further attempt by the federal government to " help " the economy with fiscal stimulus is only likely to further weaken the pool of real savings .
This will make it much harder for the economy to stage a meaningful recovery .
PROVIDENCE , R.I. --
Louisville 's loss to Georgetown on Tuesday night sets up another possible scenario for the NCAA tournament selection committee .
Will a Big East team win 10 games and not receive a bid ?
It has happened before : with Syracuse in 2007 ( 10 - 6 when the league played 16 games ) and Seton Hall and Boston College before that .
Louisville is 9 - 6 with three games remaining , all of them daunting : at Connecticut on Sunday , at Marquette on Tuesday , then closing Freedom Hall on March 6 with Syracuse , the Big East 's best team and a possible NCAA tournament 1 - seed .
Winning just one of the next three games is obviously a plausible scenario .
Louisville beat Syracuse in one of the best road wins of the season and clearly UL 's best win of the season .
Last year , Providence was in a similar predicament .
The Friars finished Big East play at 10 - 8 with home wins over then - No. 15 Syracuse and No. 1 Pitt .
West Virginia also finished 10 - 8 in the Big East .
" West Virginia was a 6 - seed in the NCAA , we were a 5 - seed in the NIT , " said second - year Providence coach Keno Davis .
" That shows how important it is to schedule better in November and December and how important those games are . "
Providence had an RPI of 70 on Selection Sunday 2009 with a strength of schedule of 48 .
The Mountaineers had an RPI of 21 with an SOS of 9 .
In the unbalanced schedule of a power - six conference , all 10 - 8 records are not treated the same .
There is no longer a magic number to get into the Dance .
" If a 10 - win team does n't get in out of the Big East , it will be because they were n't playing well enough in November or December , right or wrong , " Davis said .
" If you took care of business in November and December with quality wins , then 10 wins can be enough .
But I think we 'll see this happening more and more .
There is precedent for it . "
Davis has a unique perspective because he was in the Missouri Valley Conference at Drake as an assistant and head coach .
In 2007 , the Bulldogs had to go on an unbelievable run in the Valley ( winning the regular season and the conference tournament ) to get a No. 5 seed .
" If somebody in the Missouri Valley is 24 - 6 or 23 - 7 , is that better than a team that is 20 - 8 in the Big East ? "
Davis said .
" It 's tough to say .
That 's why there has been a lot of discussion about getting more teams in the NCAA tournament .
There are a lot of bubble teams that could n't just win one game but could win a few . "
Whether it 's fair or not -- and I 've debated with my colleague Doug Gottlieb on this -- the conferences outside the power six get less of a leash to lose conference games .
That 's why Northern Iowa 's loss at Evansville will be treated differently from Marquette losing at DePaul or even Louisville falling at St. John's .
The same is true of Duquesne winning at Charlotte and beating Dayton at home in the A - 10 .
Each committee member may look at that differently , but we are all quick to point out the failings of these teams that fall on the road outside a power six league .
But the court is n't totally skewed toward every major - conference bubble team .
Providence 's situation in 2009 is a prime example .
This season 's Louisville squad , which lost to Western Carolina at home and to Charlotte by 22 , could be another one .
Davis said he watched last year as a few upsets rolled in , knowing that if the Friars were even in one of those last four out spots , they would be quickly gone from the conversations after the surprising results .
" We were 10 - 8 last year in a league that had three No. 1 seeds , and ended up as a 5 - seed in the NIT , " Davis said .
" I do n't know how much [ the committee ] looks at how you 're playing at the end of the year because you could argue that in the best conference we were 10 - 8 and passed the eye test .
We beat the No. 1 team , and you would think that should be automatic .
Yet we were n't even seriously looked at for that position . "
Taking down a No. 1 - ranked team does n't guarantee anything .
South Carolina beat Kentucky when it was No. 1 and wo n't get in the field unless it wins the SEC tournament .
The Gamecocks ( 5 - 7 in the SEC , 14 - 12 overall ) could reach only 9 - 7 in the SEC in a best - case scenario .
And in the SEC , 9 - 7 guarantees nothing .
Connecticut knocked off then - No. 1 Texas , and had it not ripped off three straight wins ( at Villanova , at Rutgers and against West Virginia ) , the Huskies would n't still be in the discussion for a bid .
UConn ( 17 - 11 , 7 - 8 ) finishes up with Louisville , at Notre Dame and at South Florida .
The Huskies could easily go 1 - 2 in this group of games , finish 8 - 10 in the Big East and get into the field because of the wins over Texas , Nova and West Virginia combined with a strong schedule that included Duke and Kentucky in New York .
All conference records are not created equal .
We have learned that throughout the years .
That will become even clearer during this year 's selection show .
Souraya Coming Soon
Please sit tight - we are currently developing our new and improved website .
Should you have any enquires please email souraya@souraya.com.au
How About Them ( Wrapped ) Apples ?
Food packaging seems like a straightforward problem with a straightforward solution : there ’s too much of it ; it piles up in landfills ; we should reduce it .
These opinions are standard among environmentalists , many of whom have undertaken impassioned campaigns to shroud consumer goods - including food - in less and less plastic , cardboard , and aluminum .
But the matter is a bit more complex than it might seem .
Consider why we use packaging in the first place .
In addition to protecting food from its microbial surroundings , packaging significantly prolongs shelf life , which in turn improves the chances of the food actually being eaten .
According to the Cucumber Growers ’ Association , just 1.5 grams of plastic wrap extends a cuke ’s shelf life from 3 to 14 days , all the while protecting it from “ dirty hands . ”
Another study found that apples packed in a shrink wrapped tray cut down on fruit damage ( and discard ) by 27 percent .
Similar numbers have been found for potatoes and grapes .
Again , while it seems too simple a point to reiterate , it ’s often forgotten : the longer food lasts the better chances there are of someone consuming it .
True , if we all produced our own food , sourced our diet locally , or tolerated bruised and rotting produce , prolonging shelf life would n’t matter much .
But the reality is decidedly otherwise .
The vast majority of food moves globally , sits in grocery stores for extended periods , and spends days , weeks , or even years in our pantries .
Thus , if you accept the fact that packaging is an unavoidable reality of our globalized food system , you must also be prepared to draw a few basic distinctions .
( If you do n’t accept that fact , well , there ’s probably no point in reading further . )
First , when it comes to food waste , not all materials are created equal .
Concerned consumers look at wrapped produce and frown upon the packaging , because it ’s the packaging that ’s most likely destined for a landfill .
But if you take the packaging away and focus on the naked food itself , you have to realize that the food will be rotting a lot sooner than if it were n’t packaged and , as a result , will be heading to the same place as the packaging : the landfill .
Decaying food emits methane , a greenhouse gas that ’s more than 20 times more potent than carbon dioxide .
Packaging – unless it ’s biodegradable – does not .
If the landfill is connected to a methane digester , which in all likelihood it is n’t , you can turn the methane into energy .
Otherwise , it makes more sense to send the wrapping ( rather than the food ) into the environmentally incorrect grave .
Second , when it comes to saving energy and reducing greenhouse gas emissions , our behavior in the kitchen far outweighs the environmental impact of whatever packaging happens to surround the product .
Consumers toss out vastly more pounds of food than we do packaging - about six times as much .
One study estimates that U.S. consumers throw out about half the food they buy .
In Great Britain , the Waste and Resource Action Programme ( funny enough , WRAP ) claims that the energy saved from not wasting food at home would be the equivalent of removing “ 1 out of every 5 cars off the road . ”
The Independent reports that discarding food produces three times the carbon dioxide as discarding food packaging .
All of which is to say : if you ’re truly eager to take on the waste inherent in our food systems , you ’d be better off reforming your own habits at home - say , by buying more strategically , minimizing waste , and eating less - before taking on the institutional packaging practices of disembodied food distributers .
Finally , we could also have an impact by choosing foods that are packaged in a way that reduces waste at home .
This point does not apply so much to produce , but a lot of goods are packaged to ensure that we use the entire product .
They contain user - friendly features such as capacious openings ( milk ) , transparent appearance ( bagged salad ) , re-sealers ( nuts ) , the ability to be turned upside down ( ketchup ) , and smooth surfaces rather than grooved ones , where food can hide ( yogurt ) .
Seems bizarre , but it ’s possible that we waste more energy by not scraping the bottom of the barrel than we do by throwing out the barrel when we ’re done .
Given the high cost of wasting food , the question of design might be more important than the question of necessity .
Waste is an inevitable outcome of production .
As consumers , we should certainly see food packaging as a form of waste and seek increasingly responsible packaging solutions .
At the same time , though , we must do so without resorting to pat calls to “ reduce packaging . ”
Doing so , it seems , could do more harm than good .
DD Command
The dd command has been around since the 1970s , ported to many systems , rewritten many times .
It proved to be an indispensable Unix tool .
The name is an allusion to IBM / 360 mainframe OS JCL DD statement .
It is jokingly said that dd stands for " destroy disk " or " delete data " , since , being used for low - level operations on hard disks , a small mistake , such as reversing the if and of parameters , may accidentally render the entire disk unusable .
In modern Linuxes you can mount dd image using loopback interface .
Recently capability to mount dd-images was added to Linux and other Unixes .
DD is very important tool for recovery of Unix filesystem .
The simpler is layout of your disk the more chances you have to recover information .
Complex setups involving LVM are more difficult to recover .
DD also can be use for recovery of files on Windows filesystems , especially FAT32 .
See Recovery of lost files using DD
The GNU clone of dd is part of fileutils package and was written by Paul Rubin , David MacKenzie , and Stuart Kemp .
dd is also available for Windows as part of Microsoft Unix toolkit ( SFU 3.5 ) .
It is also part of Cygwin .
There is also native Windows Win32 port of dd ( see Native Win32 ports of some GNU utilities and dd for windows )
It served as an inspiration to the most important recent class backup programs called ghosters in memory of the original for Windows Ghost .
The key idea is to get an image of the partition in the form of the file .
DD uses older approach and includes into image parts of the disk that are not parts of the filesystem .
That feature can be used to recovery of deleted files and in computer forensics when the contents of a disk need to be preserved as a byte - exact copy .
In the latter case using cp command would not be sufficient because data from deleted files still physically present on a disk but are not visible in the file system naming space .
In Windows dd command can do backups and restores to the same disk , but there are some problems with cloning Windows systems .
Ghost and Acronis True Image are better tools for that .
As a backup tool dd is still useful , but Ghost and its alternatives are much faster because they understand what part of the disk belongs to the filesystem and which do n't .
Utility dd copies the whole partition or the whole disk indiscriminately which make the image larger , although it contains deleted files and can be used for recovery of those files instead of the disk .
On Linux Partimage is analog of Gnome and is usable with ext filesystem up to ext3 .
Not usable with ext4 .
Partition Image saves partitions or whole disks for the most common filesystems formats ( Ext2 , Ext3 , NTFS , FAT32 , etc ) to an image file .
The image file can further be compressed in the GZIP / BZIP2 formats to save disk space , and split into multiple files .
Partitions can be saved across the network since version 0.6.0 .
When using Partimage , the partitions must be unmounted .
That fact that deleted files are still present on the disk represents a serious ( and decisive for data recovery and forensics ) dd advantages over Ghost and similar , more modern , tools .
In case of damaged filesystem dd is much more useful .
You just need to create a DD - image and then search it for files using grep or similar tool .
In most cases you can recover files pretty reliably using this method .
I one manage to recover a script that was deleted several hours ago before it was discovered and server continued working all this time .
That was the only copy and the user who did it has no backup .
It is jokingly said that dd stands for " destroy disk " or " delete data " , since , being used for low - level operations on hard disks , a small mistake , such as reversing the if and of parameters , may accidentally render the entire disk unusable .
On linux you can mount dd image using " loopback " interface and work with it like a partition .
See Recovery of lost files using DD
Unlike most Unix commands , dd uses a keyword=value format for its parameters .
This was modeled after IBM System / 360 JCL , which had an elaborate DD ' Dataset Definition ' specification for I/O devices in JCL language .
The following exit values are returned :
0 The input file was copied successfully .
The input file was copied successfully .
>0
An error occurred .
After completion , dd reports the number of whole and partial input and output blocks
A complete listing of all keywords is available via dd -- help .
It depends on flavor of dd used : GNU dd is different from , say , Solaris dd .
See Reference
The basic syntax of dd is as follows :
# dd \
if= devicein \ # devide from which disk block are read
of= device_of_file_out \ # device or file to which disk block are read
bs= blocksize # blocksize \
count=n # number of block to copy
TIP : Looks like dd works slightly faster with 128 K blocks .
The preceding options are used almost every time you run dd :
if= file Specifies the input path .
Standard input is the default .
The if= argument specifies the input file or the file from which it is going to copy the data .
This is the file or raw partition that you are going to back up ( e.g. , dd if=/ dev/dsk/c0t0d0s0 or dd if= / home / file ) .
If you want dd to look at stdin for its data , you do n't need this argument .
of= file Specifies the output path .
Standard output is the default .
If the seek =expr conversion is not also specified , the output file will be truncated before the copy begins , unless conv=notrunc is specified .
If seek=expr is specified , but conv=notrunc is not , the effect of the copy will be to preserve the blocks in the output file over which dd seeks , but no other portion of the output file will be preserved .
( If the size of the seek plus the size of the input file is less than the previous size of the output file , the output file is shortened by the copy . )
The output file
The of= argument specifies the output file or the file to which you are sending the data .
This could be a file on disk or an optical platter , another raw partition ( e.g. , dd of= / backup / file , dd of= / dev/rmt/0n ) .
If you are sending to stdout , you do n't need this argument .
the block size
The bs= argument specifies the block size , or the amount of data that is to be transferred in one I /O operation .
This value normally is expressed in bytes , but in most versions dd also can be specified in kilobytes by adding a k at the end of the number ( e.g. , 10 K ) .
( This is different from a blocking factor , like dump and tar use , which is multiplied by a fixed value known as the minimum block size .
A blocking factor of 20 with a minimum block size of 512 would give you an actual block size of 10,240 , or 10 K . )
It should be noted that when reading from or writing to a pipe , dd defaults to a block size of 1 .
Generally on modern hardware bs=4096 is a reasonable minimum value .
One cylinder ( 255 heards * 63 sectors * 512 = 16065 .
So bs =16065 also is attractive .
Two cylinders fro multiplate disks ( bs=32130 ) also might make sense .
Changing block size does not affect how the data is physically written to a disk device , such as a file on disk or optical platter .
Using a large block size just makes the data transfer more efficient .
When writing to a tape device , however , each block becomes a record , and each record is separated by an interrecord gap .
Once a tape is written with a certain block size , it must be read with that block size or a multiple of that block size .
( For example , if a tape were written with a block size of 1024 , you must use the block size of 1024 when reading it , or you may use 2048 or 10,240 , which are multiples of 1024 . )
Again , this applies only to tape devices , not disk - like devices .
bs= n
Sets both input and output block sizes to n bytes , superseding ibs= and obs= .
If no conversion other than sync , noerror , and notrunc is specified , each input block is copied to the output as a single block without aggregating short blocks .
This option is used only if ASCII or EBCDIC conversion is specified .
For the ascii and asciib operands , the input is handled as described for the unblock operand except that characters are converted to ASCII before the trailing SPACE characters are deleted .
For the ebcdic , ebcdicb , ibm , and ibmb operands , the input is handled as described for the block operand except that the characters are converted to EBCDIC or IBM EBCDIC after the trailing SPACE characters are added .
Specifying the input and output block sizes separately
When specifying block size with the option bs= , you are specifying both the incoming and outgoing block size .
There are situations in which you may need a different block size on each .
This is done with the ibs= and obs= options .
count=n the number of records to read
The count=n option tells dd how many records ( blocks ) to read .
You can use this to read the first few blocks of a file or tape to see what kind of data it is , for example ( see the following section ) .
You can also use it to have dd tell you what block size a tape was written in ( see below ) .
The dd utility copies the specified input file to the specified output with possible conversions .
If you reverse the source and target , you can wipe out you file , partitions or even the whole disk .
This feature has inspired the nickname " dd " Data Destroyer .
The standard input and output are used by default .
The input and output block sizes may be specified for tape or just to increase efficiency ( large blocks are generally transferred faster ) .
Sizes are specified in bytes ; a number may end with k , b , or w to specify multiplication by 1024 , 512 , or 2 , respectively .
Numbers may also be separated by x to indicate multiplication .
The dd utility reads the input one block at a time , using the specified input block size .
dd then processes the block of data actually returned , which could be smaller than the requested block size .
dd applies any conversions that have been specified and writes the resulting data to the output in blocks of the specified output block size .
Additional options
cbs= n Specifies the conversion block size for block and unblock in bytes by n ( default is 0 ) .
If cbs= is omitted or given a value of 0 , using block or unblock produces unspecified results .
bs is used only if ascii , asciib , unblock , ebcdic , ebcdicb , ibm , ibmb , or block conversion is specified .
In the first two cases , cbs characters are copied into the conversion buffer , any specified character mapping is done , trailing blanks are trimmed , and a NEWLINE is added before sending the line to output .
In the last three cases , characters up to NEWLINE are read into the conversion buffer and blanks are added to make up an output record of size cbs .
ASCII files are presumed to contain NEWLINE characters .
If cbs is unspecified or 0 , the ascii , asciib , ebcdic , ebcdicb , ibm , and ibmb options convert the character set without changing the input file 's block structure .
The unblock and block options become a simple file copy .
files= n Copies and concatenates n input files before terminating ( makes sense only where input is a magnetic tape or similar device ) .
skip= n Skips n input blocks ( using the specified input block size ) before starting to copy .
On seekable files , the implementation reads the blocks or seeks past them .
On non -seekable files , the blocks are read and the data is discarded .
iseek= n
Seeks n blocks from beginning of input file before copying ( appropriate for disk files , where skip can be incredibly slow ) .
oseek= n
Seeks n blocks from beginning of output file before copying .
seek= n Skips n blocks ( using the specified output block size ) from beginning of output file before copying .
On non-seekable files , existing blocks are read and space from the current end - of - file to the specified offset , if any , is filled with null bytes .
On seekable files , the implementation seeks to the specified offset or reads the blocks as described for non-seekable files .
count= n Copies only n input blocks .
conv= value [ , value . . . ]
Where value s are comma-separated symbols from the following list : ascii Converts EBCDIC to ASCII .
asciib Converts EBCDIC to ASCII using BSD - compatible character translations .
ebcdic Converts ASCII to EBCDIC .
If converting fixed - length ASCII records without NEWLINEs , sets up a pipeline with dd conv=unblock beforehand .
ebcdicb Converts ASCII to EBCDIC using BSD - compatible character translations .
If converting fixed - length ASCII records without NEWLINE s , sets up a pipeline with dd conv=unblock beforehand .
ibm Slightly different map of ASCII to EBCDIC .
If converting fixed - length ASCII records without NEWLINE s , sets up a pipeline with dd conv=unblock beforehand .
ibmb Slightly different map of ASCII to EBCDIC using BSD - compatible character translations .
If converting fixed - length ASCII records without NEWLINE s , sets up a pipeline with dd conv=unblock beforehand .
The ascii ( or asciib ) , ebcdic ( or ebcdicb ) , and ibm ( or ibmb ) values are mutually exclusive .
block
Treats the input as a sequence of NEWLINE - terminated or EOF - terminated variable - length records independent of the input block boundaries .
Each record is converted to a record with a fixed length specified by the conversion block size .
Any NEWLINE character is removed from the input line .
SPACE characters are appended to lines that are shorter than their conversion block size to fill the block .
Lines that are longer than the conversion block size are truncated to the largest number of characters that will fit into that size .
The number of truncated lines is reported .
unblock Converts fixed - length records to variable length .
Reads a number of bytes equal to the conversion block size ( or the number of bytes remaining in the input , if less than the conversion block size ) , delete all trailing SPACE characters , and append a NEWLINE character .
The block and unblock values are mutually exclusive .
lcase Maps upper -case characters specified by the LC_CTYPE keyword tolower to the corresponding lower - case character .
Characters for which no mapping is specified are not modified by this conversion .
ucase Maps lower - case characters specified by the LC_CTYPE keyword toupper to the corresponding upper - case character .
Characters for which no mapping is specified are not modified by this conversion .
The lcase and ucase symbols are mutually exclusive .
swab Swaps every pair of input bytes .
If the current input record is an odd number of bytes , the last byte in the input record is ignored .
noerror
Does not stop processing on an input error .
When an input error occurs , a diagnostic message is written on standard error , followed by the current input and output block counts in the same format as used at completion .
If the sync conversion is specified , the missing input is replaced with null bytes and processed normally .
Otherwise , the input block will be omitted from the output .
notrunc
Does not truncate the output file .
Preserves blocks in the output file not explicitly written by this invocation of dd .
( See also the preceding of= file operand . ) sync
Pads every input block to the size of the ibs= buffer , appending null bytes .
( If either block or unblock is also specified , appends SPACE characters , rather than null bytes . )
If operands other than conv= are specified more than once , the last specified operand= value is used .
For the bs= , cbs= , ibs= , and obs= operands , the application must supply an expression specifying a size in bytes .
The expression , expr , can be :
a positive decimal number a positive decimal number followed by k , specifying multiplication by 1024 a positive decimal number followed by b , specifying multiplication by 512 two or more positive decimal numbers ( with or without k or b ) separated by x , specifying the product of the indicated values .
All of the operands will be processed before any input is read .
Although you may think of dd as a bit copier , it also can manipulate the format of the data , such as converting between different character sets , upper - and lowercase , and fixed - length and variable - length records .
conv=ascii Converts EBCDIC to ASCII conv=ebcdic Converts ASCII to EBCDIC conv=ibm Converts ASCII to EBCDIC using the IBM conversion table conv=lcase Maps US ASCII alphabetic characters to their lowercase counterparts conv=ucase Maps US ASCII alphabetic characters to their uppercase counterparts conv=swab Swaps every pair of bytes ; can be used to read a volume written in different byte order conv=noerror
Does not stop processing on an error conv=sync
Pads every input block to input block size ( ibs ) conv=notrunc
Does not truncate existing file on output conv=block Converts input record to a fixed length specified by cbs conv=unblock Converts fixed - length records to variable length conv= ... , ...
Uses multiple conversion methods separated by commas
To make ISO from DVD : dd if=/dev/dvd of=dvd.iso # for dvd
Backing up your Master Boot Record ( MBR ) .
You should do this before you edit your partition table so that you can put it back if you mess things up .
# dd if=/ dev/hda of=/root/hda.boot.mbr bs=512 count=1
If things mess up , you can boot with Knoppix , mount the partition containing / root ( hda1 in this example ) and put back the MBR with the command : # dd if=/mnt/hda1/root/hda.boot.mbr of=/dev/hda bs=512 count=1
Note :
You can backup only the MBR and exclude the partition table with the command : # dd if=/ dev/hda of=/root/hda.mbr.noparttab bs=446 count=1
Creating a hard drive backup directly to another hard drive ( Dd - LQWiki ) # dd if=/ dev/hda of=/dev/sda conv=noerror , sync bs=4k
This command is used often to create a backup of a drive ( / dev/hda ) directly to another hard drive ( / dev/sda ) .
( The device name / dev/hda is typical of an IDE hard drive , the device / dev/sda is typical of a USB disk . )
This works only if the hard drive has enough storage to accommodate the source drive 's filesystem .
The advantage of this is that you do not have to mount the hard drive to make a backup and the only reference to hda is in / dev and in the command which is usually in a script in cron .
The option " bs=4k " is used to specify the block size used in the copy .
The default for the dd command is 512 bytes : use of this small block size can result in significantly slower copying .
However , the tradeoff with larger block sizes is that when an error is encountered , the remainder of the block is filled with zero - bytes .
So if you increase your block size when copying a failing device , you 'll lose more data but also spend less time trying to read broken sectors .
Tools like dd_rescue and dd_rhelp can provide a more flexible solution in such cases , combining the speed of a large block size for the regions without errors with finer - grained block - copies for regions with errors .
Dd - LQWiki )
Creating a compressed hard drive backup image # dd if=/ dev/hda | gzip >
/mnt/hdb1/system_drive_backup.img.gz
Here dd is making an image of the first harddrive , and piping it through the gzip compression program .
The compressed image is then placed in a file on a seperate drive .
To reverse the process : # gzip -dc / mnt/hdb1/system_drive_backup.img.gz | dd of= / dev/hda
Here , gzip is decompressing ( the -d switch ) the file , sending the results to stdout ( the - c switch ) , which are piped to dd , and then written to / dev/hda .
You can create floppy images using DD , althouth they are almost extinct : dd if = < image file > of= / dev/fd0 .
For example : dd if=/dev/fd0 of=floppy.img bs=18 k where / dev / fd0 should be the device for your raw floppy drive ( _not_ / dev/ floppy ) and floppy.img the file you want to save the info to .
You can then copy that file to somewhere you can read it with DOS , or maybe even zip it so it will fit onto a floppy ; ) .
You should see something like the following to indicate that the image transfer was successful : 2880+0 records in
2880+0 records out
If you see a smaller block count , your image did not transfer correctly .
If this is the case , it will usually be accompanied by a disk error .
After you make a disk , make sure to label it according to its contents .
.
For example : Getting around file size limitations using split
When making images , it 's quite easy to run up against various file size limitations .
One way to work around a given file size limitation is to use the split command .
# dd if=/ dev/hda1 | gzip -c | split - b 2000 m - /mnt/hdc1/backup.img.gz
This example is using dd to take an image of the first partition on the first harddrive .
The results are passed through to gzip for compression
The -c option switch is used to output the result to stdout .
The compressed image is then piped to the split tool
The - b 2000 m switch tells split how big to make the individual files .
You can use k and m to tell switch kilobytes and megabytes ( this option uses bytes by default ) .
The - option tells split to read from stdin .
Otherwise , split would interpret the / mnt/hdc1 ... as the file to be split .
The / mnt/hdc1 ... is the prefix for the created files .
Split will create files named backup.img.gz.aa , backup.img.gz.ab , etc .
To restore the multi- file backup , do the following : # cat / mnt/hdc1/backup.img.gz.* | gzip - dc | dd of= / dev/hda1
Cat recombines contents of the compressed and split image files to stdout , in order .
Results are piped through gzip for decompression .
And are then written to the first partition of the hard drive with dd .
Creating empty disk images
To create an empty disk image , to be used as the disk for an emulator for example , one can get data from / dev/zero .
To create a 10 mb image : $ dd if=/dev/zero of=myimage bs=1024 count=10240
A clever alternative is : $ dd of=myimage bs =1024 count=0 seek =10240
Here we do n't write anything , not even zeroes , we just seek 10 mb into the file and close it .
The result is a sparse file that is implicitly full of 10 mb of zeroes , but that takes no disk space .
ls -l will report 10 mb , while du and df will report 0 .
When the file is written to , either as an emulator disk or a loopback device , Linux will allocate disk space for the data .
ls will still show 10 mb , while du will gradually approach 10 mb .
For swap images , where it's more important to reserve the data than to save disk space , a non-sparse file is better .
Copying from one tape drive to another .
The following example copies from tape drive 0 to tape drive 1 , using a common historical device naming convention . \ dd if=/ dev/rmt/0h of=/dev/rmt/1h
The following example copies from tape drive to tape drive , using a common historical device naming convention . \
Stripping the first 10 bytes from standard input .
The following example strips the first 10 bytes from standard input : dd ibs=10 skip=1
The following example strips the first 10 bytes from standard input : Reading a tape into an ASCII file .
This example reads an EBCDIC tape blocked ten 80 - byte EBCDIC card images per block into the ASCII file x : dd if=/ dev/tape of=x ibs=800 cbs=80 conv=ascii, lcase
This example reads an EBCDIC tape blocked ten 80 - byte EBCDIC card images per block into the ASCII file : Using conv=sync to write to tape .
The following example uses conv=sync when writing to a tape : tar cvf - . | compress | dd obs=1024 k of=/dev/rmt/0 conv=sync
to write to tape .
The following example uses when writing to a tape : Copying a floppy disk .
As the common geometry of a 3.5 " floppy is 18 sectors per track , two heads and 80 cylinders , an optimized dd command to read a floppy is : dd bs=2x80x18 b if=/dev/fd0 of=/tmp/floppy.image
1+0 records in 1+0 records out The 18b specifies 18 sectors of 512 bytes , the 2x multiplies the sector size by the number of heads , and the 80x is for the cylinders - - a total of 1474560 bytes .
This issues a single 1474560 - byte read request to / dev/fd0 and a single 1474560 write request to / tmp / floppy.image , whereas a corresponding cp command cp / dev/ fd0 /tmp / floppy.image issues 360 reads and writes of 4096 bytes .
While this may seem insignificant on a 1.44 MB file , when larger amounts of data are involved , reducing the number of system calls and improving performance can be significant .
This example also shows the factor capability in the GNU dd number specification .
This has been around since before the Programmers Work Bench and , while not documented in the GNU dd man page , is present in the source and works just fine , thank you .
To finish copying a floppy , the original needs to be ejected , a new diskette inserted , and another dd command issued to write to the diskette : Example 1 - b : Copying to a 3.5 " floppy dd bs=2x80x18 b < /tmp/floppy.image >
/ dev/fd0 1+0 records in 1+0 records out
Here is shown the stdin / stdou t usage , in which respect dd is like most other utilities .
As the common geometry of a 3.5 " floppy is 18 sectors per track , two heads and 80 cylinders , an optimized dd command to read a floppy is :
The original need for dd came with the 1/2 " tapes used to exchange data with other systems and boot and install Unix on the PDP / 11 .
Those days are gone , but the 9 - track format lives .
To access the venerable 9 - track , 1/2 " tape , dd is superior .
With modern SCSI tape devices , blocking and unblocking are no longer a necessity , as the hardware reads and writes 512 - byte data blocks .
However , the 9 - track 1/ 2 " tape format allows for variable length blocking and can be impossible to read with the cp command .
The dd command allows for the exact specification of input and output block sizes , and can even read variable length block sizes , by specifying an input buffer size larger than any of the blocks on the tape .
Short blocks are read , and dd happily copies those to the output file without complaint , simply reporting on the number of complete and short blocks encountered .
Then there are the EBCDIC datasets transferred from such systems as MVS , which are almost always 80 - character blank - padded Hollerith Card Images !
No problem for dd , which will convert these to newline - terminated variable record length ASCII .
Making the format is just as easy and dd again is the right tool for the job .
dd bs =10240 cbs=80 conv=ascii, unblock if=/dev/st0 of=ascii.out 40+0 records in 38+1 records out
The fixed record length is specified by the cbs=80 parameter , and the input and output block sizes are set with bs =10240 .
The EBCDIC - to - ASCII conversion and fixed - to - variable record length conversion are enabled with the conv=ascii , noblock parameter .
Notice the output record count is smaller than the input record count .
This is due to the padding spaces eliminated from the output file and replaced with newline characters .
Sometimes data arrives from sources in unusual formats .
For example , every time I read a tape made on an SGI machine , the bytes are swapped .
The dd command takes this in stride , swapping the bytes as required .
The ability to use dd in a pipe with rsh means that the tape device on any * nix system is accessible , given the proper rlogin setup .
rsh sgi.with.tape dd bs =256b if=/dev/rmt0 conv=swab | tar xvf -
The dd runs on the SGI and swaps the bytes before writing to the tar command running on the local host .
Murphy 's Law was postulated long before digital computers , but it seems it was specifically targeted for them .
When you need to read a floppy or tape , it is the only copy in the universe and you have a deadline past due , that is when you will have a bad spot on the magnetic media , and your data will be unreadable .
To the rescue comes dd , which can read all the good data around the bad spot and continue after the error is encountered .
Sometimes this is all that is needed to recover the important data .
dd bs =265b conv=noerror if=/dev/st0 of=/tmp/bad.tape.image
, which can read all the good data around the bad spot and continue after the error is encountered .
Sometimes this is all that is needed to recover the important data .
The Linux kernel Makefiles use dd to build the boot image .
In the Alpha Makefile / usr / src / linux / arch / alpha / boot / Makefile , the srmboot target issues the command : dd if=bootimage of =$ ( BOOTDEV ) bs =512 seek=1 skip=1
This skips the first 512 bytes of the input bootimage file ( skip=1 ) and writes starting at the second sector of the $ ( BOOTDEV ) device ( seek=1 ) .
A typical use of dd is to skip executable headers and begin writing in the middle of a device , skipping volume and partition data .
As this can cause your disk to lose file system data , please test and use these applications with care .
to build the boot image .
In the Alpha Makefile , the srmboot target issues the command : Really nerdy stuff : view filesystems dd if= / proc / filesystems | hexdump - C | less view all loaded modules dd if= / proc / kallsyms | hexdump - C | less view interrupt table dd if= / proc / interrupts | hexdump - C | less view system uptime ( in seconds ) dd if= / proc / uptime | hexdump - C | less view partitions and sizes in kb dd if= / proc / partitions | hexdump - C | less view mem stats dd if= / proc / meminfo | hexdump - C | less
: Post Learn the DD command by AwesomeMachine ( Jan 2005 ) contains wealth of interesting examples : Linux DD
The basic command structure is as follows : dd if = < source > of = < target > bs =< byte size > bs " USUALLY " is some power of 2 , and usually not less than 512 bytes ( ie , 512 , 1024 , 2048 , 4096 , 8192 , 16384 , but can be any reasonable whole integer value .
skip= seek= conv= < conversion >
Source is the data being read .
Target is where the data gets written .
Warning !!
If you reverse the source and target , you can wipe out a lot of data .
This feature has inspired the nickname " dd " Data Destroyer .
Warning !!
Caution should be observed when using dd to duplicate encrypted partitions .
Examples : duplicate one hard disk partition to another hard disk partition : Sda2 and sdb2 are partitions .
You want to duplicate sda2 to sdb2 .
dd if=/dev/sda2 of=/dev/sdb2 bs=4096 conv=notrunc , noerror
If sdb2 does n't exist , dd will start at the beginning of the disk , and create it .
Be careful with order of if and of .
You can write a blank disk to a good disk if you get confused .
If you duplicate a smaller partition to a larger one , using dd , the larger one will now be formatted the same as the smaller one .
And there will be no space left on the drive .
The way around this is to use rsync , as described below .
To make an iso image of a CD :
This duplicates sector for sector .
MyCD.iso will be a hard disk image file of the CD .
dd if=/ dev/hdc of=/home/sam/myCD.iso bs=2048 conv=sync , notrunc
You can mount the image like this : mkdir / mnt/myCD mount -o loop / home / sam / myCD.iso /mnt/myCD
This will make the CD root directory the working directory , and display the CD root directory .
cd /mnt/myCD
This will duplicate a floppy disk to hard drive image file : dd if=/ dev/fd0 of=/home/sam/floppy.image
If you 're concerned about spies taking the platters out of your hard drive , and scanning them using superconducting quantum - interference detectors , you can always add a " for " loop for US Government DoD approved secure hard disk erasure .
Copy and paste the following two lines into a text editor .
#!/ bin/bash for n in `seq 7` ; do dd if=/dev/urandom of=/ dev/sda bs=8b conv=notrunc ; done Save the file as anti_scqid .
chmod +x anti_swqid
Do n't run the program until you want to wipe the drive .
Best Laptop Backup : Purchase a laptop drive and an USB 2.0 drive enclosure ( Total cost $ 100.00USD ) .
Assemble the lappy drive into the external enclosure .
Plug the external drive into the lappy USB port , and boot with The Knoppix live CD .
Launch a terminal .
This command will backup the existing drive : dd if=/ dev/hda of=/dev/sda bs=64k conv=notrunc , noerror
This command will restore from the USB drive to the existing drive : dd if=/dev/sda of=/dev/hda bs=64k conv=notrunc , noerror
If the existing disk fails , you can boot from the external drive backup and have your system back instantaneously .
This series will make a DVD backup of hard drive partition : dd if=/ dev/hda3 of=/home/sam/backup_set_1.img bs=1M count=4430 dd if=/dev/hda3 skip=4430 of=/home/sam/backup_set_2.img bs=1M count=4430 dd if=/dev/hda3 skip=8860 of=/home/sam/backup_set_3.img bs=1M count=4430
And so on .
This series will burn the images to DVD +/-R/RW : wodim - dev=/ dev/hdc --driveropts=burnfree /home/sam/backup_set_1.img and so forth .
To restore the from the backup , load the DVDs in order , and use commands like these : dd if=/media/dvd/backup_set_1.img of=/dev/hda3 bs=1 M conv=sync , noerror Load another DVD dd if=/ media/dvd/backup_set_2.img of=/dev/hda3 seek=4430 bs=1 M conv=sync , noerror Load another DVD dd if=/ media/dvd/backup_set_3.img of=/dev/hda3 seek =8860 bs=1M conv=sync , noerror and so forth .
If you wrote chat messages and emails to another girl , on your girlfriend 's computer , you can't be sure the files you deleted are unrecoverable .
But you can make sure if anyone were to recover them , that you would n't get busted .
dd if= / dev/sda | sed 's / Wendy / Janet/g ' | dd of= / dev/sda
Where every instance of Wendy is replaced by Janet , over every millimeter of disk .
I picked names with the same number of characters , but you can pad a smaller name with blanks .
This command will overwrite the drive with zeroes dd if= / dev / zero of= / dev/sda bs=4 k conv=notrunc
I just want to make sure my drive is really zeroed out !!
dd if=/ dev/sda | hexdump - C | grep [ ^00 ] ... will return output of every nonzero byte on the drive .
Play around with it .
Sometimes drives do n't completely zero out on the first try .
The following method of ouputting statistics applies to any dd command invocation .
This is an example dd command so you can try it .
/ bin/dd if=/dev/zero of=/dev/null count=100MB
When you want to know how far dd has gotten throwing 100MB of 512 byte blocks of zeroes into digital hell , open another terminal and do : ps aux | awk '/ bin\/dd / && !/ awk / { print $ 2} ' | xargs kill -s USR1 $ 1 In the terminal running the dd command you will find something like this : 33706002+0 records in 33706002+0 records out 17257473024 bytes ( 17 GB ) copied , 34.791 s , 496 MB/s
If you enter the command again , you see more statistics : 58596452+0 records in 58596452+0 records out 30001383424 bytes ( 30 GB ) copied , 60.664 s , 495 MB/s Again 74473760+0 records in 74473760+0 records out 38130565120 bytes ( 38 GB ) copied , 77.3053 s , 493 MB/s and so on ...
Until the command completes 100000000+0 records in 100000000+0 records out 51200000000 bytes ( 51 GB ) copied , 104.193 s , 491 MB/s How To Scan a dd Bitstream for Viruses and Malware : dd if=/home/sam/file.file | clamscan - Windows users will find help in the second post , way at the bottom
FYI : duplicating smaller partition or drive to larger partition or drive ; or vice versa : rsync - avH -- exclude=/other_mount_point/ /mount_point/* /other_mount_point /
You want to duplicate the root directory tree to another drive , but the other drive is larger .
If you use dd , you will get a file system that is smaller then the larger destination drive .
To duplicate files , not the file system : Format and mount the destination drive .
Rsync will duplicate the files as files : rsync - avH -- exclude=/mnt/destination_drive/ /* /mnt/destination_drive/
You need to run : grub - install update - grub from a the rescue menu of an installation CD / DVD for the target to become bootable .
If target was previously bootable , it remains bootable .
Making a NTFS partition , is not easy without using Windows based tools .
I was formatting an external drive for my brother , who uses MS Windows XP .
I was n't going to admit Linux could n't make a NTFS partition .
Make an ext3 partition on the drive .
Open a hex editor and make a file containing 07 Save the file as file .
bin .
Change the ext3 partition to NTFS : dd if=/home/sam/file.bin of=/dev/sdb bs=1 seek=450 count=1
Will change the partition type byte at offset 0x1c2 from Linux type : 0x83 , to NTFS type : 0x07 Please use a drive without important data on it .
And ,
If you use a text editor to make the binary 07 file , you will ruin the existing partition table , because ascii 07 is two hexadecimal bytes ( 0x3037 ) .
The four primary partition type byte offsets are : 0x1c2=450 0x1d2=466 0x1e2=482 0x1f2=498
If the dd seek= parameter is changed from 450 to a one of the other values , it will change partition ( hd0,1 ) , ( hd0,2 ) , or ( hd0,3 ) to NTFS type , rather than partition ( hd0,0 ) .
To be revised at a later date :
To make a bootable flash drive : Download 50 MB Debian based distro here :
http://sourceforge.net/projects/insert/
Plug in the thumb drive into a USB port .
Do : dmesg | tail Look where the new drive is , sdb1 , or something similar .
Do : dd if=/home/sam/insert.iso of=/dev/sdb ibs=4b obs=1b conv=notrunc , noerror
Set the BIOS to USB boot , and boot .
End to be revised
This command will duplicate the MBR and boot sector of a floppy disk to hard drive image : dd if=/ dev/fd0 of=/home/sam/MBRboot.image bs=512 count=2
To clone an entire hard disk .
/ dev/sda is the source .
/ dev/sdb is the target : dd if=/dev/sda of=/dev/sdb bs=4096 conv=notrunc , noerror
Do not reverse the intended source and target .
It happens once in a while , especially to the inexperienced user .
Notrunc means ' do not truncate the output file ' .
Noerror means to keep going if there is an error .
Dd normally terminates on any I /O error .
Duplicate MBR , but not partition table .
This will duplicate the first 446 bytes of the hard drive to a file : dd if=/ dev/sda of=/home/sam/MBR.image bs=446 count=1
If you have n't already guessed , reversing the objects of if and of , on the dd command line , reverses the direction of the write .
To wipe a hard drive : ( Boot from a live CD distro to do this . ) dd if=/dev/zero of=/dev/sda conv=notrunc
This is useful for making the drive like new .
Most drives have 0x00h written to every byte , from the factory .
To overwrite all the free disk space on a partition ( deleted files you do n't want recovered ) : dd if=/dev/urandom of=/home/sam/bigfile.file
When dd ouputs no room left on device all the free space has been overwritten with random characters .
Delete the big file with rm bigfile .
file
Sometimes one wants to look inside a binary file , looking only for clues .
The output of the command line : less / home / sam / file .bin is cryptic , because it 's binary .
For human readable output : dd if=/home/sam/file.bin | hexdump - C | less
You may also use : dd if=/home/sam/file.file | strings -n 8 -t d | less Recover deleted JPEG files .
Look at the header bytes of any JPEG .
dd if=/home/sam/JPEG.jpg bs=1w count=2 | hexdump - C
The last two bytes are the footer .
dd if =JPEG.jpg | hexdump - C
Using the JPEG header and footer bytes , search the drive .
Command returns the offsets of the beginning and end of each deleted JPEG .
dd if=/ dev/sda3 | hexdump - C | " grep 'ff d8 ff e0 ' | 'ff d9 ' "
If grep returned JPEG header bytes at offset : 0xba0002f and footer bytes at offset : 0 xbaff02a Convert the hex offsets to decimal offsets , using one of the many logic capable calculators for Linux .
Decimal offsets corresponding to the beginning and end of the JPEG are 195 035 183 and 196 079 658 .
( 196 079 658 ) - ( 195 035 183 ) = rough idea of proper bs= and count= parameters .
To find the proper count= figure : ( < decinal offset of footer bytes > - < decimal offset of header bytes > ) / < block size > = < number of blocks in the deleted JPEG file >.
( 195 035 183 – 196 079 658 ) = ( 1 044 475 ) / ( bs=4096 ) = ( 254.998 ) .
That 's really close to 255 .
If we could land exactly at the header bytes using bs=4096 , we could use count=255 .
But I 'm going to use count=257 , because random chance dictates the probability of landing dead on the header bytes , using 2^x block size is remote .
So we start reading before the header bytes .
We need to use skip= parameter to skip to our start point : 195 035 183 / bs=4096 = 47 616.011 .
We always round down , so dd will start reading before the beginning of the file .
In this case we round down to skip=47615 .
The following writes a file containing the JPEG with some unwanted bytes before and after .
dd if=/dev/sda3 skip=47615 of=/home/sam/work_file.bin count=257 bs=4096
This sequence yields the desired JPEG .
hexdump - C work_file.bin | " grep 'ff d8 ff e0 ' | ' ff d9 ' " dd if=work_file.bin skip=<offset_of_first_header_byte_in_decimal_format > count=<offset_of_last_footer_byte_in_decimal_format +1 > - < offset_of_first_header_byte_in_decimal_format > bs=1c of=JPG.jpg
That 's the way to get your hands dirty deep in digital data .
But this process it automated in the file carving program , foremost .
The principle of file carving negates the need for Linux undelete programs .
So if your from a MS Windows world , do n't google for linux undelete , but rather , foremost NEXT ...
I put two identical drives in every one of my machines .
Before I do anything that most probably spells disaster , like an untested command line in a root shell , that contains find / - regex ?*.???* - type f | xargs rm -f " $ 1 " , I do : dcfldd if=/dev/sda of=/dev/sdb bs=4096 conv=notrunc , noerror and duplicate my present working / dev/sda drive system to the / dev/sdb drive .
If I wreck the installation on sda , I boot from a live CD distro , and do : dd if=/ dev/sdb of=/dev/sda bs=4096 conv=notrunc , noerror
And I get everything back exactly the same it was before whatever daring maneuver I was trying did n't work .
You can really , really learn Linux this way , because you can't wreck what you have an exact duplicate of .
You also might consider making the root partition separate from / home , and make / home big enough to hold the root partition , plus more .
Then ,
To make a backup of root : dd if=/dev/sda2 ( root ) of=/home/sam/root.img bs=4096 conv=notrunc , noerror
To write the image of root back to the root partition , if you messed up and can't launch the X server , or edited / etc / fstab , and can't figure out what you did wrong .
It only takes a few minutes to restore a 15 GB root partition from an image file : dd if /home / sam / root.img of=/dev/sda2 ( root ) bs=4096 conv=notrunc , noerror
How to make a swap file , or another swapfile on a running system : dd if=/dev/zero of=/ swapspace bs=4k count=250000 mkswap / swapspace swapon / swapspace
This can solve out of memory issues due to memory leaks on servers that cannot easily be rebooted .
How to pick proper block size :
dd if=/dev/zero bs=1024 count=1000000 of=/home/sam/1Gb.file dd if=/dev/zero bs=2048 count=500000 of=/home/sam/1Gb.file dd if=/dev/zero bs=4096 count=250000 of=/home/sam/1Gb.file dd if=/dev/zero bs=8192 count=125000 of=/home/sam/1Gb.file
This method can also be used as a drive benchmark , to find strengths and weaknesses in hard drives :
Read : dd if=/home/sam/1Gb.file bs=64 k | dd of= / dev/null Write : dd if=/dev/zero bs=1024 count=1000000 of=/home/sam/1Gb.file
When dd finishes it outputs ( total size ) / ( total time ) .
You get the idea .
Play with ' bs= ' and ' count= ' , always having them multiply out to the same toal size .
You can calculate bytes / second like this : 1 Gb / total seconds = Gb /s .
You can get more realistic results using a 3 Gb file .
Rejuvenate a hard drive
To cure input / output errors experienced when using dd .
Over time the data on a drive , especially a drive that has n't been used for a year or two , grows into larger magnetic flux points than were originally recorded .
It becomes more difficult for the drive heads to decipher these magnetic flux points .
This results in I /O errors .
Sometimes sector 1 goes bad , resulting in a useless drive .
Try : dd if= / dev/sda of= / dev/sda to rejuvenate the drive .
Rewrites all the data on the drive in nice tight magnetic patterns that can then be read properly .
The procedure is safe and economical .
Make a file of 100 random bytes : dd if=/dev/urandom of=/home/sam / myrandom bs=100 count=1 / dev/ random produces only as many random bits as the entropy pool contains .
This yields quality randomness for cryptographic keys .
If more random bytes are required , the process stops until the entropy pool is refilled ( waggling your mouse helps ) .
/ dev/urandom does not have this restriction .
If the user demands more bits than are currently in the entropy pool , it produces them using a pseudo random number generator .
Here , / dev/urandom is the Linux random byte device .
Myrandom is a file .
Randomize data over a file before deleting it : ls -l to find filesize .
In this case it is 3769 ls -l afile -rw ------- ... 3769 Nov 2 13:41 < filename > dd if=/ dev/urandom of=afile bs=3769 count=1 conv=notrunc duplicate a disk partition to a file on a different partition .
Warning !!
Do not write a partition image file to the same partition .
dd if=/dev/sdb2 of=/home/sam/partition.image bs=4096 conv=notrunc , noerror
This will make a file that is an exact duplicate of the sdb2 partition .
You can substitue hdb , sda , hda , etc ... OR dd if=/dev/sdb2 ibs=4096 | gzip > partition.image.gz conv=noerror
Makes a gzipped archive of the entire partition .
To restore use : dd if=partition.image.gz | gunzip | dd of= / dev/sdb2
For bzip2 ( slower , smaller ) , substitute bzip2 and bunzip2 , and name the file < filename >.bz2 .
Restore a disk partition from an image file .
dd if=/home/sam/partition.image of=/dev/sdb2 bs=4096 conv=notrunc , noerror Convert a file to uppercase : dd if=filename of =filename conv=ucase
Make a ramdrive :
The Linux kernel makes a number a ramdisks you can make into ramdrives .
You have to populate the drive with zeroes like so : dd if=/ dev/zero of= / dev/ram7 bs=1 k count=16384 Populates a 16 MB ramdisk .
mke2fs - m0 / dev/ram7 4096 puts a file system on the ramdisk , turning it into a ramdrive .
Watch this puppy smoke .
debian:/home/sam # hdparm -t / dev/ram7 / dev/ram7 : Timing buffered disk reads : 16 MB in 0.02 seconds = 913.92 MB/sec
You only need to do the timing once , because it 's cool .
Make the drive again , because hdparm is a little hard on ramdrives .
You can mount the ramdrive with : mkdir / mnt/ mem mount / dev/ram7 / mnt/ mem
Now you can use the drive like a hard drive .
This is particularly superb for working on large documents or programming .
You can duplicate the large file or programming project to the ramdrive , which on my machine is at least 27 times as fast as / dev/sda , and every time you save the huge document , or need to do a compile , it 's like your machine is running on nitromethane .
The only drawback is data security .
The ramdrive is volatile .
If you lose power , or lock up , the data on the ramdrive is lost .
Use a reliable machine during clear skies if you use a ramdrive .
Duplicate ram memory to a file : dd if=/ dev/mem of=/home/sam/mem.bin bs=1024
The device / dev/mem is your system memory .
You can actually duplicate any block or character device to a file using dd .
Memory capture on a fast system , with bs =1024 takes about 60 seconds , a 120 GB HDD about an hour , a CD to hard drive about 10 minutes , a floppy to a hard drive about 2 minutes .
With dd , your floppy drive images will not change .
If you have a bootable DOS diskette , and you save it to your HDD as an image file , when you restore that image to another floppy it will be bootable .
Dd will print to the terminal window if you omit the of= / dev/ output part .
dd if = / home / sam / myfile will print the file myfile to the terminal window .
To search the system memory : dd if=/ dev/mem | strings | grep ' some- string-of-words-in-the- file-you - forgot-to- save - before - the - power - failed '
If you need to cover your tracks quickly , put the following commands in a script to overwrite system ram with zeroes .
Do n't try this for fun .
mkdir / mnt / mem mount -t ramfs / dev/mem / mnt/ mem dd if=/dev/zero > /mnt/mem/bigfile.file
This will overwrite all unprotected memory structures with zeroes , and freeze the machine so you have to reboot ( Caution , this also prevents committment of the file system journal , and could trash the file system ) .
You can get arrested in 17 states for doing this next thing .
Make an AES encrypted loop device : dd if=/dev/urandom of=/home/sam/aes-drv bs =16065b count=100 modprobe loop modprobe cryptoloop modprobe aes losetup -e aes / dev/ loop1 ./ aes - drv password : mkreiserfs / dev/ loop1 mkdir / aes mount -o loop , encryption=aes , acl ./ aes - drv /aes password : mv / home / sam / porno / aes to get the porno on the aes drive image .
umount / aes losetup -d / dev/loop1 rmmod aes rmmod cryptoloop rmmod loop to make ' aes - drv ' look like a 400 MB file of random bytes .
Every time the lo interface is configured using losetup , according to the above , and the file ' aes - drv ' is mounted , as above , the porno stash will be accessible in / aes / porno .
You do n't need to repeat the dd command , OR , the format with reiserfs , OR , the mv command .
You only do those steps once .
If you forget the password , there is no way to recover it besides guessing .
Once the password is set , it can't be changed .
To change the password , make a new file with the desired password , and move everything from the old file to the new file .
Acl is a good mount option , because it allows use of acls .
Otherwise your stuck with u , g , o and rwx .
If you are curious about what might be on you disk drive , or what an MBR looks like , or maybe what is at the very end of your disk : dd if=/ dev/sda count=1 | hexdump - C
Will show you sector 1 , or the MBR .
The bootstrap code and partition table are in the MBR .
To see the end of the disk you have to know the total number of sectors , and the MAS must be set equal to the MNA .
The helix CD has a utility to set this correctly .
In the dd command , your skip value will be one less than MNA of the disk .
For a 120 GB Seagate SATA drives dd if=/dev/sda of=home /sam/ myfile skip=234441646 bs=512 ,
So this reads sector for sector , and writes the last sector to myfile .
Even with LBA addressing , disks still secretly are read in sectors , cylinders , and heads .
There are 63 sectors per track , and 255 heads per cylinder .
There is a total cylinder count .
512_bytes/sector*63_sectors/track*255heads=16065*512bytes/cylinder=8,225,280_bytes/cylinder .
63_sectors/track*255_heads=sectors /cylinder .
With 234441647 total sectors , and 16065 sectors per cylinder , you get some trailing sectors which do not make up an entire cylinder : 14593.317584812_cylinders / drive .
This leaves 5102 sectors which cannot be partitioned , because to be in a partition you have to be a whole cylinder .
It 's like having part of a person .
That does n't really count as a person .
These become surplus sectors after the last partition .
You can't ordinarily read past the last partition .
But dd can .
It 's a good idea to check for anything writing to surplus sectors .
For our Seagate 120 GB drive , 234,441,647_sectors / drive - 5102_surplus_sectors = 234,436,545 partitionable sectors .
dd if=/dev/sda of=/home/sam/myfile skip=234436545 writes the last 5102 sectors to myfile .
Launch midnight commander ( mc ) to view the file .
If there is something in there , you do not need it for anything .
In this case you would write over it with random characters : dd if=/dev/urandom of=/dev/sda bs=512 seek=234436545
Will overwrite the 5102 surplus sectors on our 120 GB Seagate drive .
Block size :
One cylinder in LBA mode = 255 _heads*63_sectors/track=16065_sectors=16065*512_bytes=8,225,280_bytes .
The b means '* 512 ' .
32130b represents a two cylinder block size .
Cylinder block size always works to cover every sector in a partition , because partitions are made of a whole number of cylinders .
One cylinder is 8,225,280 bytes .
If you want to check out some random area of the disk : dd if=/ dev/sda of=/home/sam/ myfile bs=4096 skip=2000 count=1000
Will give you 8,000 sectors in myfile , after the first 16,000 sectors .
You can open that file with a hex editor , edit some of it , and write the edited part back to disk : dd if=/home/sam/ myfile of=/dev/sda bs=4096 seek=2000 count=1000
Image a partition to another machine :
On source machine : dd if=/dev/hda bs =16065 b | netcat < targethost - IP > 1234
On target machine : netcat -l -p 1234 | dd of= / dev/hdc bs =16065 b
Variations on target machine : netcat -l -p 1234 | bzip2 > partition.img makes a compressed image file using bzip2 compression .
netcat -l -p 1234 | gzip > partition.img makes a compressed image file using gzip compression .
I back up a 100 GB lappy disk on a desktop drive , over a lan connection , and the 100 GB compresses to about 4.0 GB .
Most of the drive is empty , so it 's mostly zeroes .
Repetitive zeroes compress well .
Alert !!
Do n't hit enter yet .
Hit enter on the target machine .
THEN hit enter on the source machine .
Netcat is a program , available by default , on most linux installations .
It 's a networking swiss army knife .
In the preceding example , netcat and dd are piped to one another .
One of the functions of the linux kernel is to make pipes .
The pipe character looks like two little lines on top of one another , both vertical .
Here is how this command behaves :
This byte size is a cylinder .
bs =16065b equals one cylinder on an LBA drive .
The dd command is piped to netcat , which takes as its arguments the IP address of the target ( like 192.168.0.1 , or any IP address with an open port ) and what port you want to use ( 1234 ) .
You can also use ssh .
dd if=/dev/sdb2 | ssh sam@192.168.0.121 " sudo dd of=/home/sam/sdb2.img "
Do not use dd to copy files between file systems having different block sizes .
Using a blocked device to copy a file will result in extra nulls being added to the file to pad the final block to the block boundary .
When dd reads from a pipe , using the ibs=X and obs=Y operands , the output will always be blocked in chunks of size Y .
When bs =Z is used , the output blocks will be whatever was available to be read from the pipe at the time .
When using dd to copy files to a tape device , the file size must be a multiple of the device sector size ( for example , 512 Kbyte ) .
To copy files of arbitrary size to a tape device , use tar ( 1 ) or cpio( 1 ) .
For SIGINT , dd writes status information to standard error before exiting .
It takes the standard action for all other signals .
Top Visited
Your browser does not support iframes .
Switchboard Latest Past week Past month
dcfldd : A fork of dd dcfldd is an enhanced version of GNU dd with features useful for forensics and security .
Here is an example of cloning a hard disk " sda " and store to an image called " /nfs/sda-image-server2.dd " : dcfldd if=/dev/sda hash=md5 , sha256 hashwindow=10G md5log=md5.txt sha256log=sha256.txt \ hashconv=after bs=512 conv=noerror , sync split=10G splitformat=aa of=/nfs/sda-image-server2.dd GNU ddrescue is a data recovery tool .
It copies data from one file or block device ( hard disc , cdrom , etc ) to another , trying to rescue the good parts first in case of read errors . =>
Download dcfldd and GNU dd ( GNU core utilities and installed on most Unix - like systems )
Jan 12 , 2011 | UrFix's Blog 1 ) Duplicate several drives concurrently dd if= / dev/sda | tee >( dd of= / dev/sdb ) | dd of= / dev/sdc
If you have some drive imaging to do , you can boot into any liveCD and use a commodity machine .
The drives will be written in parallel .
To improve efficiency , specify a larger block size in dd : dd if=/dev/sda bs=64 k | tee >( dd of=/dev/sdb bs=64 k ) | dd of=/ dev/sdc bs=64 k
To image more drives , insert them as additional arguments to tee : dd if= / dev/sda | tee >( dd of= / dev/sdb ) >( dd of= / dev/sdc ) >( dd of= / dev/sdd ) | dd of= / dev/sde 2 ) create an emergency swapfile when the existing swap space is getting tight sudo dd if= / dev / zero of= / swapfile bs =1024 count=1024000 sudo mkswap / swapfile ; sudo swapon / swapfile Create a temporary file that acts as swap space .
In this example it 's a 1GB file at the root of the file system .
This additional capacity is added to the existing swap space .
3 ) Backup your hard drive with dd sudo dd if=/ dev/sda of=/media/disk/backup/sda.backup
This will create an exact duplicate image of your hard drive that you can then restore by simply reversing the " if " & " of " locations .
sudo dd if=/media/disk/backup/sda.backup of=/dev/sda
Alternatively , you can use an SSH connection to do your backups : dd if=/dev/sda | ssh user@ssh.server.com dd of=~/backup/sda.backup
4 ) Convert a Nero Image File to ISO dd bs=1k if=image.nrg of=image.iso skip=300
This line removes the 300k header from a Nero image file converting it to ISO format 5 ) send DD a signal to print its progress while :; do killall - USR1 dd ; sleep 1 ; done every 1sec sends DD the USR1 signal which causes DD to print its progress .
6 ) show dd progress part 2 killall - USR1 dd if you need see progress of long dd command , enter subj on other console 7 ) How to copy CD / DVD into hard disk ( .iso ) dd if=/dev/cdrom of=whatever.iso
A dear friend of mine asked me how do I copy a DVD to your hard drive ?
If you want to make a copy of the ISO image that was burned to a CD or DVD , insert that medium into your CD / DVD drive and ( assuming / dev/ cdrom is associated with your computer ?s CD drive ) type the following command 8 ) Watch the progress of ' dd ' dd if= / dev / zero | pv | dd of= / dev / null need pv ( pipe view ) : http://www.ivarch.com/programs/pv.shtml
9 ) Clone IDE Hard Disk sudo dd if=/ dev/hda1 of=/dev/hdb2
This command clone the first partition of the primary master IDE drive to the second partition of the primary slave IDE drive ( !!!
back up all data before trying anything like this !!!)
10 ) Test network speed without wasting disk dd if=/ dev/zero bs=4096 count=1048576 | ssh user@host.tld ' cat > / dev/null '
The above command will send 4GB of data from one host to the next over the network , without consuming any unnecessary disk on either the client nor the host .
This is a quick and dirty way to benchmark network speed without wasting any time or disk space .
Of course , change the byte size and count as necessary .
This command also does n't rely on any extra 3rd party utilities , as dd , ssh , cat , / dev/zero and / dev/ null are installed on all major Unix - like operating systems .
11 ) clone a hard drive to a remote directory via ssh tunnel , and compressing the image dd if= / dev/sda | gzip -c | ssh user@ip 'dd of=/mnt/backups/sda.dd '
2002 -12-25 | netadmintools.com
It is quite easy to clone identical hard drives using the dd command on GNU / Linux .
Make sure that you put the source drive and destination drive in the system so that they do n't affect the boot .
If you have a SCSI system , this is most likely done by making the SCSI IDs higher .
With IDE , you probably need to put the drives in as secondaries on either channel , assuming your CD - ROM is the primary device on the second chain .
On our system , we made the source ID 4 and the destination ID 6 .
Verify this using dmesg : [ root@srv -33 root ] # dmesg | grep sd Kernel command line : ro root= / dev/sda1 console=ttyS0
Attached scsi disk sda at scsi0 , channel 0 , id 0 , lun 0 Attached scsi disk sdb at scsi0 , channel 0 , id 4 , lun 0 Attached scsi disk sdc at scsi0 , channel 0 , id 6 , lun 0 SCSI device sda : 2069860 512 - byte hdwr sectors ( 1060 MB ) sda : sda1 sda2 SCSI device sdb : 8388315 512 - byte hdwr sectors ( 4295 MB ) sdb : sdb1 sdb2 SCSI device sdc : 8388315 512 - byte hdwr sectors ( 4295 MB ) sdc : unknown partition table EXT3 FS 2.4-0.9.19 , 19 August 2002 on sd( 8,1 ) , internal journal [ root@srv -33 root ] #
Notice that with this copy method , we do n't need to worry about partitions , boot sectors , etc .
To copy sdb to sdc :
[ root@srv -33 root ] # dd if=/dev/sdb of=/dev/sdc & [ 1 ] 612 [ root@srv-33 root ] #
The ampersand throws the task in the background .
You may then copy to other destination drives if you wish .
Again , this copies everything on the drive ( REALLY !! ) , so you can image any operating system .
One cheapie way to recover a server is to image the hard drive in this way .
The SIDs ( Windows ) will be identical as well .
You will be at the exact same state as the time of imaging .
No worries about open files , as long as you shut down the OS properly on the drive first .
This method is not suitable for cloning Windows ( NT and above ) workstations that will be up at the same time , unless you feel comfortable changing the SIDs , etc .
Test this first in a non-production environment , and , oh yeah , read our terms of use .
digitalforensicssolutions Scalpel is a fast file carver that reads a database of header and footer definitions and extracts matching files or data fragments from a set of image files or raw device files .
Scalpel is filesystem - independent and will carve files from FATx , NTFS , ext2/3 , HFS + , or raw partitions .
It is useful for both digital forensics investigation and file recovery .
Notes on Platforms Linux
The preferred platform for using Scalpel is Linux .
Windows Scalpel will also compile under Windows ( 32 or 64 - bit ) using mingw .
If you 'd like to try Scalpel on Windows without the bother of compiling it yourself , an executable and appropriate libraries are included in the distribution -- just untar and go .
Note that under Windows , the pthreads DLL must be present in the same directory as the Scalpel executable .
Carving physical and logical devices directly under Windows ( e.g. , using \\.\physicaldrive0 as a target ) is not supported in the current release .
Mac OS X As of v1.53 , Scalpel is supported on Mac OS X .
All platforms
As of v1.54 , Scalpel supports carving files larger than 4GB on all platforms .
As of v1.60 , Scalpel supports preview carving and other new carving modes .
See the distribution for details .
As for v2.0 , Scalpel supports regular expressions for headers and footers , minimum carve sizes , multithreading and asynchronous I/O , and beta - level support for GPU - accelerated file carving .
LinkedIn Leon Waldman
I always bet on dd + netca t to do imaging over network .
On the system where you will store the image ( 192.168.0.10 ) :
netcat –l –p 7000 > file.iso
On the system to be cloned :
dd if=/dev/sda | netcat 192.168.0.10 7000 -q
where : dd if=volume_to_be_cloned| netcat ip_of_destination_ip port -q
You can even do it to full clone the system instead store it .
Give a look here :
http://digiassn.blogspot.com/2006/01/dd-over-netcat-for-cheap-ghost.html
20 Mar 2005 | nilbus.com Updated 18 May 2009 ( NTFS Updates ; device names )
This guide will show you how to copy an existing installation of Windows ( or any other OS ) from one drive to another - as long as the destination drive is the same size or larger .
This is a free and relatively easy method that will create a clone of your current hard disk , without having to buy any third party software .
Gathering tools Physical Installation Preparing new partition table Copy the MBR Copy the Partition Resizing the Partition FAQ
Feb 11 , 2009 |unstableme.blogspot.com
" The command is : dd if=/dev/zero of=testfile_10 MB bs=10485760 count=1 " 1+0 records in 1+0 records out
10485760 bytes ( 10 MB ) copied , 0.312 s , 33.6 MB / s "
Looks like dd was slightly faster with 128 K blocks .
Python program might be reused for other purposes
Oct 02 , 2008 | redhatmagazine.com Block Size : 128 Throughput : 62.8 MB/s Block Size : 256 Throughput : 61.8 MB/s Block Size : 512 Throughput : 57.1 MB/s Block Size : 1024 Throughput : 56.5 MB/s
We benchmarked the throughput of the disk by running the dd command with various block sizes from 128 KB to 1 MB .
( Note : If you want to run the script on your own machine , make sure that the volume you use does n't contain any valuable data , because the data will be erased by the dd command .
Remember , data loss makes grandpappy mad ! )
For the benchmark , we wrote a Python script that uses the commands module to run and capture the output of the dd command .
The script also uses the csv module to generate a comma-separated values file so that we can graph the results later .
For this example , we chose to graph the results using the Google Chart API .
dd_chart on Flickr - Photo Sharing !
[ Oct 1 , 2004 ] POWER TOOLS Performing Data Surgery
Data Dumping with dd
October 1 , 2004 | Linux
Magazine dd does low - level data transfer , byte - by - byte or block - by - block , with adjustable block sizes .
It can also skip specified numbers of blocks in the input and / or output files , as well as converting data formats .
All of those are handy for working with magnetic tape and disks .
But it 's also useful for many types of data transfers .
By default , dd reads the standard input and writes to the standard output .
Input and output filenames , and other options too , are given in an unusual syntax without leading dash ( - ) characters .
For instance , to read a floppy disk and write its image to a file , you could type : $ dd if=/dev/fd0 of=dosboot.img 2880+0 records in 2880+0 records out $ ls -l dosboot.img - rw-rw - r- ... 1474560 Nov 2 12:59 dosboot.img
The dd command line says , " Reading from the input file / dev / fd0 , write all of the data to the file dosboot.img . " dd does n't try to find lines of data or individual files on the disk ; it does a binary copy of the bytes from first to last .
dd always tells you ( on the standard error ) how many times it read and wrote data .
Above , it read 2,880 512 - byte blocks .
If you do n't want to see this information -- or any error messages , either -- you can redirect dd's standard error to the Linux " bit bucket , " / dev/null , by adding the Bourne shell operator 2 > / dev/ null to the command line .
It 's more efficient to specify a larger block size so the device drivers do a single read and write .
There are lots of other options , and many of them start with conv= , like conv=unblock to replace trailing spaces in a block with a newline , and conv= swap to swap pairs of input bytes ( which is needed with some tapes written on other types of hardware ) .
But we 'll leave that sort of optimization to you and the dd man page .
Let 's look at some less - obvious uses of this handy utility .
Stupid dd Tricks
Need a file with 100 arbitrary bytes -- for testing , for instance ?
The Linux device / dev/urandom ( available since Linux 1.3.30 ) can supply as many pseudo - random bytes as you can read from it .
To get just 100 bytes , set a block size of 1 byte with bs=1 and tell dd to stop after copying 100 " blocks " ( here , that 's 100 bytes ) : $ dd if=/dev/urandom of=myrand bs=1 count=100
What 's in that myrand file ?
The od utility can show you .
( See the sidebar " What 's In That File ? " )
If you need more - random data , try / dev/random instead .
Reading data from / dev/ random can take some time , though , as the random ( 4 ) man page explains .
When you read from / dev /random , set a block size of 1 .
Another use for dd is for " wiping " a text file before you delete it .
Simply removing a Linux file ( with rm , for instance ) only deletes the inode that points to the data .
A cracker with root access might read the raw disk ( with dd ! ) and find the " deleted " file .
We can use dd to write random data over the file before deleting it .
Normally dd truncates a file before writing , so use conv=notrunc to make it write over the existing data .
Set bs to the file size and count to 1 .
For example : % ls -l afile -rw------- ... 3769 Nov 2 13:41 afile % dd if=/ dev/urandom of=afile \ bs=3769 count=1 conv=notrunc 1+0 records in 1+0 records out % rm afile
If you want to , you can repeat the " wiping " command several times with the C shell repeat command , the Z shell repeat loop , or simply use the history operator !!
[ Oct 1 , 2004 ] Moving your data to a backup device
faqs.org
The dd command can be used to put data on a disk , or get it off again , depending on the given input and output devices .
An example : gaby : ~>dd if=images - without - dir.tar.gz of=/dev/fd0H1440 98+1 records in 98+1 records out gaby ~ >dd if=/dev/fd0H1440 of=/var/tmp/images.tar.gz
2880+0 records in 2880+0 records out gaby : ~>ls / var/tmp/images *
/var/tmp/images.tar.gz
Note that the dumping is done on an unmounted device .
Floppies created using this method will not be mountable in the file system , but it is of course the way to go for creating boot or rescue disks .
For more information on the possibilities of dd , read the man pages .
This tool is part of the GNU fileutils package .
[ Feb 13 , 1998 ] SUMMARY
How to build a Solaris bootable CDROM by James Hutchinson
sunmanagers.org
One would think this would be a simple task .
Half the commerical packages proclaim that they can do it .
But alas , for me , none of them worked .
The task was to create a system installer that would boot a sun , load up the appropriate system images and tools required for a server in our environment .
Yes , this is a perfect job for jumpstart , but the systems would be distributed across the state and not connected via a fast enough pipe to use jumpstart effectivly .
The other option was to build external disks with the proper images on them and boot from there .
The cost of producing a few hundrad of these was prohibitive , thus the CDROM approach was taken .
Of the few responses I received from Sun Managers readers , all of them basicly said ' Its easy to clone the install disc ! ' or ' it just cant be done ! '
Well .
It is possible .
First , a breakdown of the process .
When the command > boot cdrom < is givin to openboot the system actually looks at slice 2 to 5 for its bootblks depending on the machine type .
A sun4c is slice 2 to an sun4u at slice 5 .
These bootblks redirect the system to slice 1 to load its kernel .
The root partition is also stored in slice 1 and slice 0 is usr as well as packages .
All slices save 0 are ufs , and 0 is hsfs .
This brings us to a small problem point .
First we must boot from a UFS partition , as the bootblks all require that .
Second , a CDROM has no label by default , thus its kinda hard to make partitions .
And third , even if we do flush a UFS filesystem image off to the cdrom , the geometries will be all wrong , unless your staging disk just happens to have the same
geometries as the CDROM .
My solution is probally not the best .
What would be required is an application that simply converts the UFS geometries from the staging disk uses to those used by the cdrom .
I didnt really have time to create this so I did it as follows .
Im sure I will get lots of flak for this
solution , but it does work .
1 ) Use dd to grab the first cylinder off the solaris boot cdrom .
This contains a valid disk label and VTOC for the cdrom .
Once this is created , our limitation is that we must work within the defines of this VTOC .
You should be able to use prtvtoc on the cdrom to get a look at this VTOC , but this dosnt work if volmgr is running .
dd if=/dev/dsk/c0t6d0s0 of=cdrom.vtoc bs=512 count=1 2 ) Now use dd to grab the UFS slices from 1 to 5 for slice in 1 2 3 4 5
do
dd if=/dev/dsk/c0t6d0${slice} of=cdrom.s$ {slice}
done 3 ) Create a staging area and copy the parts of the usr filesystem ( slice 0 ) off the cdrom into it .
I started by copying cdrom : / export to it and then trimmed out the parts I didnt need like X and openwindows .
4 ) Add in all the things you need for your disc .
For me , this ment a shell script that automated the build process , and images of all the data I wanted to move out .
Make sure you donot go beyond te size of the slice 0 on the cdrom you started with .
prtvtoc will should you this , if you cant get prtvtoc to work on the cdrom ( sometimes it does , sometimes it dosnt ) then use > dd if=/dev/dsk/c0t6d0s0 of=/dev/null bs =512 < Recordthe exact size of the partition in blocks as you will need it later .
5 ) Patch the slice 1 image ( cdrom.s1 ) to start your custom application rather then the suninstall .
This can be done by finding the break point you wish to use in the file cdrom : / sbin/sysconfig , selecting a unique set of chars in this file ( I used the string #***** S30sysid.net ) and then searching via a hexeditor or emacs in bin mode for that string .
Then find a comment line , change the first # and chars after to point to your script , then add a # line after .
Example , I patched my image so the line #***** S30sysid.net became exec build #ysid.net I then put a script in my staging area into the /usr / bin dir .
( the staging area will be made into slice 0 which is hsfs )
6 ) Using mkisofs or the tools that came with your cdrom burning package ( HyCD worked well , as well as Gear ) turn your staging area into a hsfs filesystem image , making sure that symbloic links are unmodified .
HyCD required changing a default option that would have modified all the links .
7 ) Using dd , throw away the first block of this image .
dd if=image of=image.data bs=512 skip=1 8 ) Subtract the block count of slice 0 from the solaris cdrom from the image size above , add one to the answer .
Say dd reported for the above step that your image was 500000 blocks , and your solaris cdrom has a size of 787840 for slice 0 787840 - ( 500000 + 1 ) = 287839 9 ) Feed this number into dd reading from / dev / zero to build a pad file .
dd if=/dev/zero of=image.pad bs=512 count=287839 10 )
Cat all of the image files together with the VTOC and the UFS slices .
cat cdrom.vtoc > image
cat image.data >> image
cat image.pad >> image
cat cdrom.s1 >> image
..
cat cdrom.s5 >> image 11 ) Burn this image to the cdrom drive using cdrecord , HyCD , Gear , etc 12 ) put it in a machine and test boot it and make sure it does what you need .
Thats about it .
We have to go through the gyrations because UFS is geometry sensitive .
We cannot take a image of a hard disk built UFS as all the cylinder groups will be off .
The RIGHT way of doing this would be to build a tool that did the conversion for you and built an image up for burning .
But that requires a bit more work , this gets the job done with a
minimal amount of strain .
I am working on the above mentioned tool , but so far my progress has been to create lots of coasters .
Sun has a tool called MakeDisc that does this job , or something similar , but I do not have a copy of it , so had to develop a method , while under a big gun , to do it in a very compressed amount of time .
The only real limitation this
has is you can only store about 400 megs of information , of which around 70 or so are needed by usr in the hsfs partition .
Plus you do not have to go through the pain of figuring out which parts of the system need to be moved to the memfs filesystem ( cdrom is readonly , so dev , devices , etc need to be linked to /tmp )
If you wish to flame the procedure and tell me that I did it really stupid , please correct me !
I would willing stop development of my tools to do same and do it the right way :)
But my original question on how to do this went unanswered .
Have Fun
James
Google matched content
Softpanorama Recommended
It is jokingly said that dd stands for " destroy disk " or " delete data " , since , being used for low - level operations on hard disks , a small mistake , such as reversing the if and of parameters , may accidentally render the entire disk unusable :
Also Murphy 's Law was formulated long before digital computers , but it seems it was specifically targeted for them .
When you need to read a floppy or tape , and it is the only copy in the universe the effect of a bad spot on the magnetic media is devastating .
dd can read all the good data around the bad spot and continue after the error is encountered .
Sometimes this is all that is needed to recover the important data .
Society
Quotes
Bulletin :
History :
Classic books :
Most popular humor pages :
The Last but not Least Technology is dominated by two types of people : those who understand what they do not manage and those who manage what they do not understand ~ Archibald Putt .
Ph.D
Copyright © 1996 - 2020 by Softpanorama Society .
www.softpanorama.org was initially created as a service to the ( now defunct ) UN Sustainable Development Networking Programme ( SDNP ) in the author free time and without any remuneration .
This document is an industrial compilation designed and created exclusively for educational use and is distributed under the Softpanorama Content License .
Original materials copyright belong to respective owners .
Quotes are made for educational purposes only in compliance with the fair use doctrine .
FAIR USE NOTICE
This site contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner .
We are making such material available to advance understanding of computer science , IT technology , economic , scientific , and social issues .
We believe this constitutes a ' fair use ' of any such copyrighted material as provided by section 107 of the US Copyright Law according to which such material can be distributed without profit exclusively for research and educational purposes .
This is a Spartan WHYFF ( We Help You For Free ) site written by people for whom English is not a native language .
Grammar and spelling errors should be expected .
The site contain some broken links as it develops like a living tree ...
You can use PayPal to make a contribution , supporting development of this site and speed up access .
In case softpanorama.org is down you can use the at softpanorama .
info Disclaimer :
The statements , views and opinions presented on this web page are those of the author ( or referenced source ) and are not endorsed by , nor do they necessarily reflect , the opinions of the author present and former employers , SDNP or any other organization the author may be associated with .
We do not warrant the correctness of the information provided or its fitness for any purpose .
The site uses AdSense so you need to be aware of Google privacy policy .
You you do not want to be tracked by Google please disable Javascript for this site .
This site is perfectly usable without Javascript .
Last modified : July 28 , 2019
The most prominent asteroid in the sky is currently yours for the perusing with binoculars -- and perhaps even the naked eye .
On Wednesday , Feb. 17 , Vesta , the second most massive object in the asteroid belt , reaches what astronomers like to call " opposition . "
An asteroid ( or planet or comet ) is said to be " in opposition " when it is opposite to the sun as seen from Earth .
In other words , if you were to stand outside with the sun directly above you at high noon , Vesta would be directly below your feet some 211,980,000 kilometers ( 131,700,000 miles ) away .
With Vesta at opposition , the asteroid is at its closest point to Earth in its orbit .
Wednesday night , the asteroid is expected to shine at magnitude 6.1 .
That brightness should make it visible to interested parties brandishing telescopes or binoculars , and even those blessed with excellent vision and little or no light pollution or clouds in their vicinity .
Vesta will be visible in the eastern sky in the constellation Leo .
What makes this space rock so prominent these days ?
Along with its relative proximity at this point , a full half of the asteroid is being bathed by sunlight when seen from Earth , making it appear brighter .
Another attribute working in the observer 's favor is that Vesta has a unique surface material that is not as dark as most main belt asteroids -- allowing more of the sun 's rays to reflect off its surface .
If spotting Vesta in the night sky has whetted your appetite for mega-rocks , all we can say is , stay tuned .
NASA 's Dawn spacecraft , currently motoring its way through the asteroid belt , will begin its exploration of Vesta in the summer of 2011 .
For more information about Dawn , visit : http://dawn.jpl.nasa.gov/ .
Advertisements
At his daily briefing , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs was asked about Pat Robertson ’s comments that Haiti was cursed , because they had made a pact with the devil .
He said , “ It never ceases to amaze that in times of human suffering somebody could say something so utterly stupid . ”
Here is the video courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
When asked for his thoughts on Robertson ’s comments , Gibbs said , “ It never ceases to amaze that in times of amazing human suffering , somebody says something that could be so utterly stupid , but it like clockwork happens with some regularity , what is , well I could have expanded on that . ”
Gibbs wanted to say something else , but he cut himself off , before he took it too far .
Nobody has stepped up to defend Pat Robertson ’s claims yesterday that the Haitians brought this earthquake on themselves , because they had made a pact with the devil to gain their independence .
Robertson has been justifiably criticized by the left and the right for his stupidity and insensitivity .
Even the king of stupid foot in mouth statements , Don Imus suggested that Robertson should be put to sleep .
With his ignorance and stupidity Pat Robertson has managed to unify America against him .
Google is in the process of upgrading their existing EXT2 filesystem to the new and improved EXT4 filesystem .
Michael Rubin , who is in Google , shares that while EXT2 has been serving Google very well all these years , it has what is called " Read Inflation " - of which we will not go into details .
To bring Google 's filesystem upto date , he added that Google has benchmarked three different filesystems - XFS , EXT4 and JFS .
In their benchmarking , EXT4 and XFS performed , as impressively as each other .
However , in view of the easier upgrade path from EXT2 to EXT4 , Google has decided to go ahead with EXT4 .
The storage stack of some of Google 's most intensive applications have already been moved to EXT4 .
However , a real performance difference will not be seen until the whole migration to EXT4 has been completed .
You can read Michael Rubin 's message in the link given below .
[ source ]
68 Pages Posted : 15 Mar 2001
There are 2 versions of this paper
Date Written : March 2001
Abstract
Suicide rates among youths aged 15 - 24 have tripled in the past half - century , even as rates for adults and the elderly have declined .
And for every youth suicide completion , there are nearly 400 suicide attempts .
This paper examines the dynamics of youth suicide attempts and completions , and reaches three conclusions .
First , we suggest that many suicide attempts by youths can be viewed as a strategic action on the part of the youth to resolve conflicts within oneself or with others .
Youths have little direct economic or familial power , and in such a situation , self - injury can be used to signal distress or to encourage a response by others .
Second , we present evidence for contagion effects .
Youths who have a friend or family member who attempts or commits suicide are more likely to attempt or commit suicide themselves .
Finally , we show that to the extent we can explain the rise in youth suicide over time , the most important explanatory variable is the increased share of youths living in homes with a divorced parent .
The divorce rate is more important for suicides than either the share of children living with step - parents or the share of female - headed households .
Representing The Injured In West Virginia
Warner Law Offices PLLC is a highly rated personal injury firm that is committed to fighting for your legal rights by holding negligent parties accountable for their actions .
Our team of attorneys has a proven track record of success when it comes to helping our clients .
We have worked hard over the years to maintain our reputation as a fair and honest law firm that provides excellent legal care for every client we represent .
From our law office in Charleston , our lawyers represent clients throughout West Virginia .
LONDON — Greece , in the midst of a financial crisis , is planning a bond deal this week that depends on a lot of things going right .
For one , other members of the European Union — much as they would prefer not to — are discussing ways to show that they will stand behind Greece .
In recent days , the outlines of a rescue plan have started to come together , probably involving loan guarantees from the German and French governments to encourage their banks to buy Greek debt .
But even as the negotiations continue , the bloc insists that Athens impose further austerity measures , in part to overcome political opposition in Germany to providing aid to what it sees as the spendthrift Greeks .
The markets remain skittish .
For weeks , the Greek government , which faces 23 billion euros ( $ 31.3 billion ) in debt repayments in April and May , has been testing investors ’ diminishing appetite for Greek bonds via a proposed three billion to six billion euro ( $ 4 billion to $ 8 billion ) 10 - year offering that it hopes to bring off at an interest rate in the 6 percent range .
In a historic first , the Pentagon ’s top leaders called this week for an end to “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell , ” the policy preventing gay men and lesbians from serving openly in the armed forces .
Testifying before the Senate Armed Services Committee , Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Michael Mullen announced the formation of a working group charged with developing a plan “ to create full equality and full access to all of the benefits and obligations required by military service ” in about a year ’s time .
Rea Carey , executive director of the National Gay and Lesbian Taskforce , commented as she prepared in Texas today for this weekend ’s annual gathering of her group .
“ We thank Gates and Mullen for their strong statements .
We have called on the president to find a way for people to serve openly , and it appears he is trying , though we are not satisfied with the length of this timeline , ” Carey said .
“ We continue to call for the immediate halt to all discharges of service members because of their sexual orientation until Congress fulfills its responsibility to overturn this archaic , unjust law . ”
The Taskforce continues to call out lawmakers , particularly Republican Senators , for their role in continuing the discriminatory policy .
Several Republican senators on the Armed Services Committee , describing the current policy as one of “ live and let live , ” favor continuing the current law .
“ Committee members like Sens. Chambliss and Sessions have their head in the sand on the true impact of the existing law , ” said Carey .
“ Contrary to their statements , the real story is ‘ Live and do n’t make a living .
Live and lie . ’
The military has already had 16 years to think about this and other countries have been able to implement equality in the armed services .
Let ’s get moving . ”
Gay rights organizations are insisting that the working group mentioned by Pentagon leaders draft a comprehensive new policy that guarantees full equality for gay and lesbian service members .
They want a policy , for example , that would not restrict gay or bisexual service members from exhibiting their sexual orientation on the job if straight service members are not similarly restricted .
They are also saying that the Pentagon should be obligated to provide for domestic partners and that the domestic partners of gay service members should receive the same treatment as domestic partners of straight service members .
Gay activists , meanwhile , are reminding the public that elimination of ‘ do n’t ask do n’t tell ” is only one step and that much more must be done to achieve full equality .
They note that all over the United States workplaces , for example , remain dangerous places for LGBT people and that at those workplaces they can still be fired for who they are .
The National Gay and Lesbian Task force points out that it ’s still legal in 29 states to fire someone because of their sexual orientation .
In 38 states , people can be fired for being transgender – not fitting in to gender stereotypes .
“ The president ’s push to hold hearings on this is a step in the right direction , ” writes Laura Flanders in The Nation today , but “ what we need now is an inclusive employment non-discrimination act that applies to all jobs , and all people , not just the military , and we need it now . ”
Photo : AP Jacquelyn Martin
- video encodings still in process -
With zero viscosity at extremely low temperatures , liquid helium will climb out of its container until it 's empty .
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
An unlikely newcomer is about to make the final frontier a little more crowded : Bolivia is to launch a satellite into space .
The impoverished South American country , famed more for llamas and Andean peaks than technology , has created a space agency to build and launch a satellite with Chinese help .
Named after Túpac Katari , an Aymara Indian leader who fought Spanish colonialists , the satellite is intended to improve communication in rural areas and boost indigenous pride .
President Evo Morales signed the decree creating the Bolivian Space Agency at a cabinet meeting this week , the public works minister , Walter Delgadillo , told a media conference .
" It will be in charge of carrying out the project to build and send into orbit the Túpac Katari satellite , but will also promote other satellite programmes for the benefit of the country . "
It will also keep alive the name of a rebel who led an uprising against Spanish overlords before being captured , tortured and torn into four pieces in 1781 .
Construction of the third - generation DFH - 4 satellite is due to start next month and it is hoped to have it in orbit by 2013 .
The agency , which will initially operate out of the capital La Paz , will have a modest starting budget of $ 1 m ( £ 600,000 ) , loose change by Nasa 's standards .
Bolivia hopes China , which has invested economic and political capital to expand its influence in South America , will cover most of the estimated $ 300 m costs .
It will seek donations and loans from other countries .
Last year the UN offered Bolivia technical help on orbital positions and frequency bands .
Morales , the country 's first indigenous president , is due to sign a contract with Beijing during a visit to China next month .
The former llama herder and coca grower has championed indigenous rights , nationalised key industries and in addition to China has forged ties with Venezuela and Iran .
Mandarin language schools are booming in La Paz .
The space programme follows Venezuela 's $ 400 m deal with China to launch a satellite last year .
Named after the liberation hero Simón Bolívar , it helps to transmit a state - backed TV network , among other tasks .
" This will put an end to media terrorism and help us spread our own truth , to wage the battle of ideas with efficiency and transparency , " President Hugo Chávez , who often clashes with private media , said after the launch .
We ended 2009 with one anniversary , and we start 2010 with another .
Six years ago on 4 January ( GMT ) , Nasa 's Deep Space Network picked up a signal sent 170 million km across the Solar System to Earth .
The Spirit rover [ PDF ] had landed on Mars .
Engineers promised an initial operational mission of 90 Martian days ; and yet , this plucky six - wheeled " mobile geologist " just kept on rolling ... and rolling ... and rolling .
The US space agency has warned though , that this remarkable robot 's days may now be numbered .
For the past nine months the vehicle has been stuck in a sand trap .
With just four working wheels ( five intermittently ) , Spirit cannot get the traction it needs to free itself .
The concern is that the rover will not be able to position its solar panels to make the most of what will soon be a faint winter sun on the Red Planet .
Without sufficient power , the robot will not be able to heat its systems , never mind run its science instruments .
If Spirit is unlucky and gets covered by more of the dust that can accumulate on its panels and block out the light ( and it does n't get the wind that can sometimes clean the cells ) , the rover could die .
Whatever happens in the next few months , the Spirit Mars Exploration Rover will be remembered as a magnificent success .
It was targeted at the 170 km - wide Gusev Crater .
Orbital images had suggested this near - equatorial location might once have held a giant lake .
The investigation of that watery history got off to a slow start .
Most people will have forgotten by now that Spirit stopped working 18 Martian days into its mission .
It took engineers back on Earth about two weeks to find the fix for a flash memory glitch that made the rover constantly re-boot itself .
Once it did get going , Spirit found the volcanic rocks on the plain where it landed had undergone very limited alteration by exposure to moisture .
Only when it got into the Columbia Hills about 2.5 km from its touch - down site did the robot discover some rocks and soils that had experienced extensive exposure to water .
One of its biggest finds was made by accident on the 1,158th Martian day of its mission .
Spirit was by then driving backwards because its right - front wheel had jammed .
As it dragged this wheel through the soil , it dug a trough .
And scientists studying pictures returned to Earth noticed how on this particular day , a bright material had been uncovered .
Detailed examination found this material to be almost pure silica .
The rover team concluded the deposits had formed through the interaction of hot spring water or steam with volcanic rock .
On Earth , such locations tend to teem with bacteria .
What 's more , these types of hydrothermal environments will also entomb any lifeforms as the deposits are laid down .
No wonder the rover 's lead scientist Steve Squyres said that of all the rock and soil samples he 'd seen on Mars , this was material he really wished could be brought back to Earth to study in a laboratory .
Keep your fingers crossed for the plucky rover .
You can follow its progress as Nasa continues to try to ease it out of the sand trap at the Free Spirit website .
A brief word also while I 've got your attention on the future of Mars exploration .
Just before the festive break , we got word from the European Space Agency that its member states had formally bought into a joint roadmap with Nasa .
The missions despatched in 2016 and 2018 will now be combined ventures .
The 2016 mission will be an orbiter [ PDF ] designed to track down the sources of methane and other trace gases recently detected at the Red Planet .
It will also include a small , short - lived static lander to give Europe the opportunity to try to land something on Mars .
2018 will see two rovers fly to the planet - one European vehicle and one American [ PDF ] .
It will be intriguing to follow the development of these spacecraft in the coming years .
Esa has now updated its website to reflect its new ExoMars programme .
Watch this space .
A roving band of men with guns spread across Baker Beach in San Francisco on Saturday .
But most beachgoers did n't even notice , even with the weapons visibly holstered .
The men , after all , had come to pick up trash and , in the process , quietly preach their gospel .
" It 's not just criminals who carry guns , " Robert Montgomery , 39 , of San Jose , explained .
" And criminals are not going to ' open carry . ' "
The men - and some women - are part of an ad hoc group trying to increase awareness of gun rights by visibly holstering them in public .
They 've had more controversial events , such as at a Starbucks , which allows the open carrying of guns .
But Saturday marked the first time they 'd come to San Francisco .
They chose Baker Beach because it 's part of the National Park system , where as of last week , it is legal to openly carry a handgun .
Rules on carrying guns
Jeff Dunhill , who wore a .40 caliber Walther P99 semiautomatic , said that society is safer with those who openly carry .
The question , said Dunhill , 37 , of Walnut Creek , is that " when the criminal breaks the law , does the law - abiding citizen have the chance to defend himself ? "
There are rules , of course , to how to openly carry a gun .
The guns must be unloaded , and the gun magazine must also be visibly holstered .
It 's not cumbersome for those who are experienced .
Jon Schwartz , 38 , of Livermore said that he could unholster his .45 caliber Smith and Wesson M&P remove the empty magazine , put in a loaded magazine , get in a shooting stance and fire all within 2.1 seconds .
As they picked up trash , most beachgoers had no idea the men had weapons .
But some said their clothes and their demeanor seemed out of place .
" They 're not dressed to pick up trash , " said Ashley Bahney , 27 , of Oakland .
" When they said , ' Hi , ' I was pretty weirded out by that . "
An argument that society is safer with guns is not convincing in a place where children are playing in the surf and picnicking , said Ludo Thomasson , 32 , of San Francisco .
" I want them do the same thing in Oakland - and not Baker Beach , where people are walking their dogs , " he said .
That 's not the point , said Brad Huffman , 27 , of Martinez , who had holstered onto his belt a 9 mm Glock 17 RTF , two magazines , handcuffs and an iPhone .
They want to go to places that are part of their life , like a steakhouse or a coffee shop .
" We do n't go looking for trouble , " he said .
" If we had a reason to go to Richmond , we would . "
The only tension of the morning came when they met up with U.S. Park Police , who were warning beachgoers of the tsunami advisory .
" I respect your right to carry , but I do have to inspect your weapons , " said Sgt. Todd Roth .
David Julian , 28 , of Cupertino challenged Roth as to whether he had the right to do so .
He took photographs and audio - recorded the inspection in case there was trouble .
Roth said the service had peace officer status granted by San Francisco and Marin county sheriffs , which gives them the legal right to inspect weapons .
After Roth and two fellow officers left , Julian was still annoyed .
Police and sheriffs are encouraged to lie , Julian said , " if the ends justify the means . "
Montgomery , the San Jose resident , wore a miniature video camera during the entire event , so that he , too , would have proof in case there were any incidents .
His iPhone was recording audio at the same time .
' Rights to not be stopped '
Because he is heavily tattooed , has a goatee and dark skin and wore a black , hooded sweatshirt , Montgomery said he is often stopped by police .
" I have legal rights to not be stopped by police officers , " he said .
While the law allows for inspecting weapons , gun rights advocates believe it is a violation of Fourth Amendment protections against illegal search and seizure .
This article has been updated since it appeared in print editions .
Please use github ’s issue tracker to report bugs .
Contact the authors at @jmoiron and @finder83 .
Johnny Cache is a caching framework for django applications .
It works with the django caching abstraction , but was developed specifically with the use of memcached in mind .
Its main feature is a patch on Django ’s ORM that automatically caches all reads in a consistent manner .
It works with Django 1.1 thru 1.4 and python 2.4 thru 2.7 .
A typical settings.py file for Django 1.3 or 1.4 configured for johnny - cache :
# add johnny 's middleware MIDDLEWARE_CLASSES = ( ' johnny.middleware.LocalStoreClearMiddleware ' , ' johnny.middleware.QueryCacheMiddleware ' , # ... ) # some johnny settings CACHES = { ' default ' : dict ( BACKEND = ' johnny.backends.memcached.MemcachedCache ' , LOCATION = [ ' 127.0.0.1:11211 ' ] , JOHNNY_CACHE = True , ) } JOHNNY_MIDDLEWARE_KEY_PREFIX = ' jc_myproj '
For a full inspection of options for earlier versions of Django please see the queryset cache docs .
The MIDDLEWARE_CLASSES setting enables two middlewares : the outer one clears a thread - local dict - like cache located at johnny.cache.local at the end of every request , and should really be the outer most middleware in your stack .
The second one enables the main feature of Johnny : the queryset cache .
The CACHES configuration includes a custom backend , which allows cache times of “ 0 ” to be interpreted as “ forever ” , and marks the default cache backend as the one Johnny will use .
Finally , the project ’s name is worked into the Johnny key prefix so that if other projects are run using the same cache pool , Johnny wo n’t confuse the cache for one project with the cache for another .
With these settings , all of your ORM queries are now cached .
You should read the queryset cache documentation closely to see if you are doing anything that might require manual invalidation .
Johnny does not define any views , urls , or models , so we can skip adding it to INSTALLED_APPS .
Note : Since Johnny is enabled by the inclusion of middleware , it will not be enabled by default in scripts , management commands , asynchronous workers , or the django shell .
See the queryset cache documentation for instructions on how to enable it in these cases .
New in this version ¶ Django 1.4 support
Redis backend ( requires django - redis - cache )
) Master / Slave support
Cache whitelist
New celery task utilities
Version Numbering ¶ Because Johnny tracks
Django ’s release schedule with its own releases , and is itself a mature project , the version number has been bumped from 0.3 to 1.4 to coincide with the highest version of Django with support .
In the future , Johnny ’s version will track the major and minor version numbers of Django , but will have independent dot releases for bugfixes , maintenance , and backwards compatible feature enhancements .
Last week brought a flurry of news regarding the apparent attempts by Mastercard and Visa to restrict users ability to make deposits to online gambling and poker .
We discuss the facts , speculation and impacts inside .
What Happened ?
Last week , Bluff Magazine reported that several rooms ( including Bodog , Doyle ’s Room and CEREUS ) announced that Mastercard would no longer be a deposit option for US players .
Toward the end of the week , rumors began to surface that VISA was also engaged in a crackdown on online - gaming related transactions .
At this point , there ’s been no confirmation of VISA ’s actions except anecdotal reports .
Why Did It Happen ?
Without official comment from the companies , it ’s impossible to do anything but speculate ; however , logic suggests that any clampdown is a result of credit card companies tightening the noose on online gaming payment processors as the deadline for compliance with the UIGEA ( June 1st ) draws near .
Some , including Costigan over at G911 , are suggesting that the crackdown is simply an annual exercise that occurs near the Super Bowl as high volumes of deposits at online wagering sites give companies a unique opportunity to identify and shutter processors associated with online gambling .
Who Does It Affect ?
US poker players wishing to deposit at online poker rooms with a VISA or Mastercard may find their transaction declined .
Other players should be unaffected .
Again , the evidence regarding these crackdowns is largely anecdotal at this point , so your experience may vary widely from room to room .
I ’m a US Player Wanting to Deposit .
What Should I Do ?
Credit card transactions may be difficult and frustrating in the status quo .
Most rooms offer players multiple deposit options ; you can learn more about those options from within the cashier of any online poker room .
How Do Credit Card Companies Know A Transaction is Related to Online Gambling ?
Credit card companies use a coding system that identifies the general nature of a transaction .
A unique code – 7995 – is supposed to be attached to all transactions having to do with ‘ betting / casino gambling ’ by the company who processes the transaction .
It ’s speculated that some companies attempt to evade the coding system by re-coding transactions – essentially making it appear that a consumer has purchased something other than what they actually purchased .
Re-coding is explicitly prohibited by credit card companies , and processors who engage in the practice may now be facing serious repercussions .
Not all rooms and processors engage in re-coding ; PokerStars , for one , released a statement in the wake of the crackdown clearly distancing their room from the practice : “ PokerStars does not , nor ever has engaged in the practices of mis-coded credit card transactions .
We have therefore been unaffected by any crackdown by Visa or MasterCard to close down such mis-coded processing accounts . ”
What Happens Next ?
It ’s a pretty murky picture .
In the short term , depositing with credit cards will likely be difficult at best .
Small rooms might face some liquidity issues as their payment processors tangle with Mastercard and Visa , a serious potential impact highlighted by Jeremy Enke over at PAL : “ If this is true , it is the end of CC payment processing in the U.S.
It apparently is the start of enforcing the new laws pre-legislation .
I was also told that banks are holding funds everywhere and starting to charge exorbitant fines to the processors to get their money out . ”
Long - term , the impact simply wo n’t be clear until the uncertain status of the UIGEA is settled .
While the delay in the compliance deadline for the UIGEA was a victory for online poker advocates , last week ’s crackdown suggests that companies like MasterCard and VISA are likely hedging their bets and engaging in significant enforcement attempts in anticipation of compliance .
What Can I Do ?
If you ’re interested in making your voice heard on this particular issue , your best bet is to support the Poker Player ’s Alliance .
The PPA is the leading advocacy group calling for clarification of the legal status of online poker , and that ’s the core issue involved in this situation .
Visit the PPA here .
Times and Seasons has selected Harry Reid as Mormon of the Year for 2009 .
During 2009 , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid was the most visible and influential Mormon politician in the world , shepherding Democratic legislative proposals through the U.S. Senate after the party ’s victories in the 2008 elections , including a landmark health care bill that represents one of the more controversial pieces of legislation to pass through the Senate in recent memory .
Reid ’s off - the - cuff style has also led occasionally to unscripted remarks that have attracted a lot of attention .
While Reid ’s faith is not always discussed as much as that of other Mormon politicians , he remains an active member of his ward .
In recent years he has helped the Church on some crucial issues , including helping to broker a compromise over Martin ’s Cove .
Reid spoke openly about his faith in a 2007 address at Brigham Young University and touched on his conversion and beliefs in his recently published memoir .
A fixture in Nevada politics who has dedicated his life to public service for decades , Reid has long advocated that one can consistently be both a Democrat and a Mormon .
Times and Seasons has covered Harry Reid before .
You can see a list of posts that mention Reid here .
However , given Reid ’s continuing political position and assumed aspirations , this recognition should not be seen as an endorsement of his political positions or aspirations .
The Mormon of the Year designation is a recognition of the effect that the person or group of persons recognized has had during the past year .
It is not a prize or award , so nothing of value is being given to anyone as a result of this designation , and it is not necessarily meant to honor the person or persons recognized , so no effort will be made to contact or notify Reid .
We were very pleased by the interest in selecting the Mormon of the Year .
The Times and Seasons readers nominated 20 possibilities in addition to the original 5 in the post .
We learned a lot from those nominations , especially the range of our readers ’ beliefs and feelings .
We even learned about some Mormons who have done significant things and really deserve to be on a list of possible Mormons of the Year .
The LDS Church ’s First Presidency ( including the Prophet ) and Quorum of the Twelve Apostles were excluded from nominations because their overwhelming influence would mean their selection every year .
In many ways each of them , and especially the Prophet , are always the Mormon of the Year .
We also appreciate those who dropped by and participated in our online vote , which taught us a lot about the passion that many people have for their friends and those that they admire .
Nearly 2,000 people voted in our poll , often coming from outside the bloggernacle , from fan sites associated with some of those nominated .
We hope that those who dropped by enjoyed Times and Seasons and will drop by again .
Please plan on participating in next year ’s Mormon of the Year nominations and designation .
I ’m sure that many of the nominees will show up in next year ’s process , and those of us who were unfamiliar with some of the nominees can use that time to become more familiar with them .
Certainly we will re-nominate some of them next year , if others do not .
And , as we discovered this year , each year is very different , bringing a different mix of both news and candidates .
Last Sunday , February 14th was the first day of the Chinese Lunar New Year .
It is also the beginning of the Chinese Spring Festival , with celebrations and observations by ethnic Chinese and others around the world , welcoming in the Year of the Tiger .
Conservationists are hoping to capitalize on the Year of the Tiger by calling attention to the plight of the endangered big cats .
The number of wild tigers is thought to have dropped from 100,000 at the beginning of the 20th century to fewer than 3,000 today .
In September , the World Bank and Russia will hold a summit on tiger conservation in Vladivostok , encouraging countries that are host to wild tigers to reach agreements to further protect and expand their habitat .
( 37 photos total
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
I spotted a rare critter on the streets of San Francisco this week — a smiling , optimistic businessperson .
Then again , Ron Kenedi is in the solar panel business .
“ The big news as I see it is the demand — demand keeps growing everywhere , ” says Kenedi , vice president of Sharp Solar , the renewable energy arm of the Japanese conglomerate .
“ What really amazes me every day is how much demand has grown throughout the world . ”
Kenedi is not one for Pollyannaish optimism — he started in the business around the time Ronald Reagan took down Jimmy Carter ’s solar panels from the White House roof .
“ I used to have to go out there with a sandwich board on to get people interested in solar , ” he says .
“ Now I ca n’t even walk down the street without people talking to me about solar and wanting it on their home and businesses . ”
That ’s because there ’s a boom in so - called distributed generation under way — placing solar panels and pint - sized photovoltaic farms at or near where electricity is consumed .
Until very recently , distributed generation just could n’t compete on cost with Big Solar — massive megawatt solar thermal power plants usually located in the desert .
Big Solar has had the edge by the dint of the gigawatt - size deals utilities have struck with developers like BrightSource Energy , eSolar , and Solar Millennium .
Large solar thermal power plants — which use mirrors to heat liquids to create steam that drives a generator — could make electricity cheaper than photovoltaic panels , which produce electrons when the sun strikes semiconducting materials .
Now that ’s all changing .
Over the past year , a number of Big Solar thermal projects have become mired in disputes over their impact on fragile desert ecosystems and the lack of transmission lines to connect them to cities .
In December , California ’s powerful Democratic senator , Dianne Feinstein , introduced legislation to ban renewable energy development on more than a million acres of the Mojave Desert she wants to protect as national monument .
Photovoltaic module prices , meanwhile , have plummeted by about 30 percent over the past year thanks to an oversupply of modules and the rise of low - cost Chinese manufacturers .
Thin - film solar companies , which make solar cells that use little or no expensive polysilicon and which layer or print them on glass or metal , began to produce solar modules for less than a one dollar a watt — long considered a key milestone for making solar competitive with fossil fuels .
Though less efficient than conventional crystalline solar modules , thin - film solar cells can be manufactured more cheaply , making it particularly suited for use by photovoltaic power plants .
Distributed solar ’s new competitiveness can be seen in a spate of deals and initiatives over the past few weeks as utilities turn to small - scale solar to help meet mandates to obtain a growing percentage of their electricity from renewable sources .
As of today , 1,300 megawatts ’ worth of distributed solar will be installed over the next five years — at peak output those arrays will generate as much electricity as a big nuclear power plant .
California regulators two weeks ago approved Southern California Edison ’s five - year program to install 500 megawatts of solar arrays on commercial rooftops .
They also recommended that PG&E , the big Northern California utility , be given the go - ahead for its own 500 - megawatt distributed solar program to place small solar farms near substations and cities that can plug directly into the grid .
And both utilities revealed additional distributed solar deals this week .
Southern California Edison agreed to buy 50 megawatts from three small - scale solar farms to be built by San Francisco ’s Recurrent Energy in Kern and San Bernardino Counties in the eastern part of the state .
On Monday , PG&E filed a request that regulators approve a contract with Eurus Energy America , a joint venture between Tokyo Electric Power and Toyota Tsusho , for 50 megawatts of solar electricity from three power plants to be constructed near Fresno .
“ We ’re seeing the rest of the industry cotton on to what we ’ve been saying , distributed solar done at the right size can scale , ” says Arno Harris , Recurrent ’s chief executive .
“ Distributed solar is faster on permitting , on environmental issues , and interconnection to the grid . ”
For Sharp Solar , the biggest demand for its thin - film panels comes from utilities .
“ That ’s what ’s opening up the utility sector for Sharp — it ’s a very robust market , ” says Kenedi .
( And lest you think this is just a California phenomenon , the New York Power Authority last week announced a program to install 100 megawatts of photovoltaic panels on rooftops and at ground stations over the next four years . )
The Sacramento Municipal Utility District showed , just last month , how fast the distributed generation market is growing when it put up 100 megawatts of photovoltaic projects up for bid and sold out the allotment in one week .
But the shocker of the SMUD deal is that the utility is not paying a premium for solar electricity , according to Adam Browning , executive director of Vote Solar , a San Francisco nonprofit that promotes renewable energy ( and an occasional Grist contributor ) .
I ’ll spare you the utility industry calculus of “ time differential avoided costs , ” but Browning has run the numbers and believes that SMUD will pay essentially the same price for solar electricity as it would for fossil fuel - generated power when demand peaks .
( Solar farms typically supply peak power as their output coincides with the time of day when demand spikes . )
“ The point here is that this is an entirely revenue neutral investment for SMUD , ” Browning says .
“ They got solar electricity for what they would have paid for fossil , which is a significant milestone . ”
SMUD officials did not return requests for comment so I could not verify those numbers with the utility , but given that solar developers must put down a deposit of $ 20 a kilowatt for winning bids — that ’s $ 100,000 for a five - megawatt project — it seems unlikely there were many speculators in the bunch willing to walk away from a six - figure commitment .
Truth be told , we ’re going to need every kilowatt of green electricity we can wring from Big Solar , distributed solar , wind , waves and geothermal .
But the rise of distributed solar generation will help ease the load as well as the environmental pressures from developing other forms of green energy .
This is a place for the free and honest exchange of ideas about many of the ecological and environmental issues that we face on regular basis .
You are encouraged to contribute and share your thoughts with your colleagues in a frank but respectful style .
The commentary is NOT moderated so please act responsibly .
Let us prove Hardin wrong , at least in this space , cooperation is the way out of the tragedy of the commons !!!!
Your game will appear after this advertisement .
To play this game , you need Adobe Flash Player .
Click the link below !
To play this game , you need Adobe Flash Player .
Click the link below !
FACTORY BALLS 3
SIZE : 405KB
CREATED BY : Bart Bonte
Used with Permission
Return to Not Doppler
A third set of levels to the unique puzzle series in which you must create the required balls by using each set of tools in the correct order .
405 KBUsed with Permission
Conan O’Brien ’s getting kicked out of the Tonight Show – why not make a little scratch on the way out ?
As the ad above displays , Conan put The Tonight Show up on Craigslist , a parody of his cruel and indifferent treatment by his NBC overlords .
He later called attention to his own ad on The Tonight Show :
Source : Mashable
Whether you plan to explore the ins and outs of Europe or wish to choose one of the most visited travel destinations in the area , there are plenty of deserving selections to consider .
Depending on your personal preferences , you never know when you will happen upon the artistic pulse of the continent or one of the best natural landscapes in the region .
In Europe , many worthy locations provide a vacation never to forget with some of the top destinations found below :
Rome , Italy
" When in Rome , do as the Romans . "
That classic advice leads to a wealth of options :
Should you follow Augustus and Caesar , whose Rome is filled with spectacular ancient structures ?
Or Michelangelo and Da Vinci , whose city invites artistic pilgrimage ?
Maybe you 'll discover the Rome that enchants lovers and sightseers alike ?
Rome encompasses all this and more .
Explore the seven hills , stop for an espresso by the Spanish Steps , sip a Chianti in a hidden piazza .
The many charms of Rome await .
Innsbruck , Austria
Coveted by empires and republics throughout its history , Innsbruck was the seat of the imperial court of Maximilian I by the end of the 15th century .
Trams make getting around the city quick , efficient and cheap .
Explore the Tyrolean capital 's history at Archduke Ferdinand II 's 10th - century Schloss Ambras , the Tyrolean Folk Art Museum , the grand 15th - century Imperial Palace and Maximilian I 's famous Golden Roof .
One of Europe 's most idyllic cities , Innsbruck is nestled in the heart of the Alps .
Venice , Italy
Venice makes you a believer in fairy tales .
Cars are banned , so the only way to get around the 1,500 - year - old city is by foot or by water .
From these vantage points , you 'll be awed by the magical beauty .
La Serenissima , " the most serene one , " is filled with palaces and art , fine shopping and excellent food .
Relax in Piazza San Marco , visit the basilicas , drink a bellini at Harry 's Bar and wander the alleyways and bridges .
Consider an off - season trip to have more of the city to yourself .
Madrid , Spain
Strolling through Madrid is a great way to see the lavish Royal Palace , the 16th - century Puerta del Sol ( Sun 's Gate ) marking the center of Spain , the old Moorish quarter of Moreria and much more .
Art enthusiasts flock to the famous Prado , Thyssen - Bornemisza and Reina Sofia museums .
Families enjoy boating in Retiro Park and visiting the zoo and the amusement park in Casa de Campo .
After eating paella and tapas and watching flamenco , night owls can dance at clubs that are open until dawn .
Algarve , Portugal
The Algarve 's sunny shores offer perfect escapes for all types , from those seeking the hot nightlife of flashy , energetic Lagos to those desiring secluded stays in rambling Sagres .
Portugal 's most southerly region offers historical attractions in former Moorish capital Silves and fascinating Tavira , great golf , fabulous beaches from Praia da Luz to Armacao de Pera , thermal springs at Caldas de Monchique , and miles of limestone caves and grottoes , cliffs and bays along its rugged coastline .
Santorini , Greece
Glamorous Santorini , in the southern Aegean 's Cyclades islands , curves round a giant lagoon , a caldera left by a volcanic eruption .
The island 's capital , Fira , clings to cliffs above , providing stunning views of the lagoon below .
Santorini 's nightlife has become as hot as its volcanic past .
Ruins , including the volcanic ash - preserved town of ancient Akrotiri , amaze those with a bent for ancient history .
Hydrofoils , ferries and catamarans connect Santorini to other islands and the mainland .
Tenerife , Spain
Strongly influenced by the tribal culture of the Guanches ( the original inhabitants ) , Tenerife was conquered by the Spanish 500 years ago .
Home of Mount Teide , Spain 's tallest peak , and to the popular beach resort of Los Gigantes , today visitors flock to Loro Park to see tropical birds , to Tenerife Zoo Monkey Park and to Parque Nacional Las Canadas del Teide 's volcanic rock formations .
The island is easily explored by car or with a " bono bus " ticket , which offers reductions on regular prices .
source :
‘ Chuck ’ Premiere Brings 7.7 Million Viewers
The 2 - hour Chuck Season 3 premiere last night did astoundingly well for NBC — bringing in preliminary numbers of 7.7 million viewers , according to reports confirmed by show creator Josh Schwartz .
These numbers do n’t actually include TiVo viewers since ( if I ’m not mistaken ) those are delayed about a week .
And of course the numbers on Hulu are notable , but I ’m not sure how they factor into the prime time decision making .
The point is , Chuck put eyeballs on the screen that the show has n’t done since the first season .
“ Thank you for all you have done to help get us to this moment .
This season is for you ! ” said Schwartz on his Twitter feed moments before the episode hit the air .
From what I can tell , everyone involved seems willing to go the distance to make this show stick around .
First , it was stars Zachary Levi and Adam Baldwin making sandwiches for hardcore fans .
This push apparently worked as Subway agreed to some nontraditional advertising that got the show a third season .
[ Read : NBC ’s Chuck Saved By Sandwiches , Not Fans ]
Then , just months ago NBC announced it was ordering an additional six episodes — bringing the total to 19 .
But more importantly , the fans have pushed through to give Chuck one of its highest ratings ever , which is perhaps the greatest way to keep it around .
Also , remember that Chuck returns to its regular time of ( Monday nights at 7/8 EST ) tonight with a brand new episode .
Set those TiVo folks !
We checked with the FCC and they said a magic carpet was okay , but a guy sitting on a table on top of a magic carpet ?
No way !!!!!!
—
Also !
If you have n’t heard yet , the Buttersafe Store is now open for your clothing pleasure .
Be sure to check it out so you can get one before Christmas !
- Ray
ELECTRONIC VOTING equipment that cost the State some € 50 million but has never been commissioned is now likely to be cast off completely , the Minister for the Environment John Gormley has confirmed .
Mr Gormley said that a task force that has been examining disposal options for the machines will soon complete its work .
Mr Gormley told RTÉ that the decision to jettison the controversial project was the correct one .
In a response to a parliamentary question from Labour ’s Ciarán Lynch , Mr Gormley said that priority was to “ achieve the maximum recovery cost ” .
But he accepted that selling the machines on might prove problematic .
He said that some 60 per cent ( 4,762 ) of the machines are stored at Gormanston Army base .
The cost of storing the remaining 40 per cent came to € 204,000 in 2008 .
“ Machines are stored at 13 local premises that were originally identified by Returning Officers . . . all machines will be removed from their present locations when arrangements for disposal are implemented , ” he said .
“ Buying our way out of these crazy deals has not been tackled at all , ” said Mr Lynch .
“ While the Minister is claiming that work on this is under way , that ’s really not good enough at this stage . ”
IFPTE : A new day at NASA - a rebirth at Ames
" More specifically , there was truly terrific news on Monday as the Obama Administration has addressed many of IFPTE 's NASA - budget recommendations :
1. Full - cost recovery has been cancelled ( IFPTE's # 1 workforce priority ) .
The Agency will be going to a single unified CS labor account in FY11 .
In a letter from Administrator Bolden on Monday , he assured the Union that : " Going forward , it is also NASA 's intention to work with the Congress to implement a unified labor account for FY 2011 .
NASA remains committed to full - cost workforce planning , to including labor estimates in our project baseline , and to complete transparency in workforce utilization at HQ and the Centers ; however , we think it very valuable to unify labor into a single account for budget purposes . "
The former Northridge Mall , largely empty for more than six years , might be redeveloped as a location for Chinese businesses to sell clothing and other goods through stores , and to sell wholesale merchandise to customers from throughout North America .
Beijing - based Toward Group , which owns the property , is negotiating to form a joint venture with a U.S. investment group led by Milwaukee business operator Robert Kraft to raise money for the project .
The plan is to reopen at least part of the former Northridge by August , Kraft said Wednesday .
There 's a lot of space to fill , Kraft acknowledged .
The former mall , at N. 76th St. and W. Brown Deer Road , has more than 800,000 square feet - enough space for around 200 shops and restaurants , he said .
" I think it would be unrealistic to think the whole thing would be rented out the day it opens , " Kraft said .
" Maybe half would be committed . "
Kraft said Toward Group is recruiting Chinese companies that would sell clothing , furniture , toys , consumer electronics and other goods .
Kraft is raising money , based on tenant leases , to make improvements at the Northridge property .
He declined to say how much money is needed for the project , which would be the first of its kind in the United States .
A Department of City Development spokeswoman could n't be reached for comment .
The city 's comprehensive plan for Milwaukee 's northwest side calls for demolishing the mall , and replacing it with single - family homes and other new uses .
Al Hill , president of the Granville - Brown Deer Chamber of Commerce , said any new use would be welcome at Northridge .
But he also noted that the property , unlike most regional malls , is not located at an expressway interchange .
" Can that really flourish again ? "
Hill asked .
The last stores closed at Northridge in 2003 after years of declining sales .
In response to skeptics , Kraft cites Toronto 's Pacific Mall , which opened in 2001 and is now expanding .
Pacific
Mall bills itself as the largest indoor Asian mall in North America , with 400 stores selling clothes , toys , home furnishings and other items .
Toward Group plans to renovate the former Northridge to give it " a distinct Chinese look , " Kraft said .
The stores ' targeted customers would include Chinese - Americans from throughout Wisconsin , as well as the Chicago and Minneapolis areas , he said .
" It 's truly going to be a destination , as opposed to a typical mall , " Kraft said .
Toward Group 's attorney , Julie Lee , said many of the Chinese businesses would include manufacturers as well as retailers .
They likely would use additional space to sell their goods wholesale to store operators throughout North America .
Wholesale operations would use much more space than a strictly retail use , said Lee , with the Milwaukee law firm Foley & Lardner .
Also , southeastern Wisconsin is part of the federal government 's Immigrant Investment Pilot Program , which provides visas to foreign investors who put at least $ 1 million into projects that create at least 10 jobs .
That provides another reason for Chinese citizens to invest in the project , said Kraft , who operates RCI FirstPathway Partners LLC , a firm that works with foreigners who invest in U.S. ventures .
Kraft is the former chief executive of Openfirst , a direct mail company he sold to Quad / Graphics Inc. in 2006 .
Wu Li , Toward Group chief executive , is recruiting Chinese companies in Beijing and Ningbo , Milwaukee 's sister city , for the project , according to a report at China Daily.com .
The only prospective tenant Wu mentioned by name was Ruifuxiang Silk Store .
Wu said Toward Group was attracted to Milwaukee in part because of the low price paid for the Northridge site .
An affiliate of Toward Group bought Northridge in August 2008 for $ 6 million .
Until now , the owners have declined to comment on their plans for the property .
Northridge 's previous owner , a Los Angeles group led by investor Michael Mirharooni , marketed the property as a potential site for back - office operations , health care facilities and distribution centers .
But that group , which bought the property in 2005 for $ 2.5 million , failed to land any tenants at the mall .
The former Northridge building that once housed Boston Store is owned by another investor , an affiliate of Tucker Development Corp .
Tucker leased a portion of that building to Value City Furniture until it closed in March .
Tucker , of Highland Park , Ill. , demolished the former Sears building at Northridge in 2005 and in its place developed a Pick 'n Save supermarket and a Menards home improvement store .
Tucker then renamed the buildings Granville Station .
Good afternoon everybody .
Despite the topsy - turviness of the season to date , the clock ticks on relentlessly and anything less than a win for Arsenal this afternoon will almost certainly end their hopes of challenging for the title come season 's end .
The Gunners already trail Chelsea by six points and are a further point behind League leaders Manchester United .
With Chelsea unbeaten on their own manor all season , having dropped just two Premier League points , Arsene Wenger and his merry men will have to unsheath particularly sharp blades if they 're to put their hosts to the sword today .
There 's a touch of a powerful force meeting an immovable object about this fixture , with Arsenal having scored 60 goals in their 24 Premier League excursions to date , while Chelsea have kept 11 clean sheets in the same number of games , making them the League 's stingiest defence .
Both sides come into the match on the back of disappointing results , with Chelsea having been held at the KC Stadium during the week , while Arsenal will be hoping to bounce back from the hiding they suffered at the hands of Manchester United this time last week .
Some match pointers to ponder while we await the line - ups
• Chelsea are on a run of 35 home matches in all competitions without a defeat since losing to Arsenal at Stamford Bridge last season .
• Arsenal have not had a player sent off since Emmanuel Eboué was dismissed after 37 minutes against Tottenham on 8 February last year .
• Didier Drogba has scored 10 goals in his last nine appearances against Arsenal in all competitions .
• Arsenal have scored 18 goals from outside the penalty area so far this season , five more than they managed in the whole of 2008 - 09 .
• Chelsea have lost only two of their last 15 competetive meetings with Arsenal .
Team news : John
Terry may have lost the England captaincy as a result of off - field shenanigans that are none of our business , but he 'll lead Chelsea out this afternoon as usual .
Whatever your thoughts about his assorted misdeamonours , I can't help but have a sneaking regard for the manner in which he 's conducted himself on the field in the two matches since The Story , which he must have known was brewing for some time , broke and everything started going pear - shaped for him .
Concentrating on football can't be easy at such a time and , bad and all as some would have you believe he is , lesser men would surely have buckled under the pressure by now .
Anyway , that 's my two cents .
Elsewhere in Chelsea 's line - up , John Obi Mikel returns for the first time since the African Nations Cup , with Ashley Cole in at left - back .
For Asenal , fit - again Abou Diaby comes into midfield , while woefully out - of - sorts Theo Walcott gets chance to relocate his mojo .
Sol Campbell is on the bench .
Arsenal : Almunia ; Sagna , Gallas , Vermaelen , Clichy , Fabregas , Song , Daiby , Walcott , Arshavin , Nasri .
Chelsea : Cech ; Ivanovic , Terry , Carvalho , Cole , Ballack , Mikel , Lampard , Malouda , Anelka , Drogba .
Not long now :
The teams emerge from the tunnel , with both sides wearing the colours with which they 're most accustomed .
It must be a relief for John Terry to know that the only abuse he 's likely to ship today will come from the minority penned into the away end .
Finally , an email that 's printable : " Would love to see Diaby play up top , " writes Ian in richmond .
" Wenger can not throw out a fruit fly to lead the charge .
He needs a big point man , something to actually get the attention of the back four .
With less than a 17 % success rate on crosses , Diaby 's height might add some teeth to what has been a useless tactic thus far . "
1 min : Didier Drogba and Nicolas Anelka do the honours and not long afterwards , referee Mike Dean penalises Michael Ballack for bundling Cesc Fabregas off the ball .
Fabregas 's quick free - kick goes through to Cech , who sends a long ball down towards Didier Drogba on the edge of the Arsenal penalty area .
Gael Clichy is forced to intervene to resolve a potentially sticky moment for the Gunners .
2 min : Just two minutes in and the game has , unsurprisingly , yet to find any rhythm .
Thus far , the two sides have exchanged nothing more meaningful than long punts , misplaced passes and a couple of throw - ins .
4 min : Fabregas picks out Samir Nasri on the left hand side of the Chelsea penalty area and the Frenchman cuts inside and tries a shot .
His low drive hits Branislav Ivanovic and goes out for a corner .
Mike Dean awards a goal - kick .
5 min : Gael Clichy barges into Nicolas Anelka as the Frenchman tries to control a lofted pass and concedes a free - kick on the right flank , about 35 yards out .
6 min : Drogba sends the ball across the face of the Arsenal goal and Theo Walcott heads it out for a corner .
GOAL ! Chelsea 1 - 0 Arsenal ( Drogba 7 ) The corner is sent in - it 's an outswinger .
Peeling off his marker , John Terry flicks it diagonally across the face of goal and Drogba pokes it home at the far post from about two feet out .
8 min : I 'm not sure of the exact statistic , but that 's about the 142nd time Didier Drogba has scored against Arsenal in 10 matches .
He wo n't get many easier ones than that - the marking was dismal .
Arsene Wenger is furious and taking his anger out on the fourth official .
I have no idea what his beef is , because there was nothing wrong with the goal .
10 min : " Ian in Richmond is right , " writes Duncan Robinson .
" Diaby will be a great target man if his performance at Old Trafford this season is anything to go by .
He lost his man and powered an unstoppable header into the net .
His own net . "
11 min : Frank Lampard tries to steer a long ball from midfield down the left wing for Ashley Cole to gallop on to , but succeeds only in Gerrarding the ball out of play .
13 min : Arsenal win a corner .
The ball 's swung in to the near post , where Petr Cech claims comfortably despite being man-marked by Andrey Arshavin , who 's about 36 inches shorter than him .
14 min : " Much has been made of Arsenal 's ineffectiveness in front of goal - but why is more not made of Arshavin 's selfishness as a contributing factor ? " asks Roman Johnson .
" You just watch how many times Arshavin will go for the spectacular solo effort instead of passing . "
Well , Samir Nasri certainly made plenty of Arshavin 's selfishness last week at the Emirates .
He was raging with the Russian .
15 min :
In the centre - circle , Mikel splits the Arsenal defence with a through - ball for Drogba to chase .
The Ivorian latches on to it and is through on goal with just Cech to beat ... only to be flagged for offside .
The decision was correct , but there was only a matter of inches in it .
16 min : A beautifully flighted ball from Fabregas drops kindly for Arshavin in the Chelsea penalty area and he volleys it straight at Cech from eight yards when he should have scored .
18 min : Arsenal win a corner after good work from Nasri and Arshavin on the left flank .
19 min :
The ball 's sent in to the mixer and Petr Cech flaps it out for a throw - in on the other side .
The ball is chucked short to Sagna and he sends in a cross .
Cech gathers and tries to send Drogba on his way again with another quick throw - out .
20 min : Sky's Action Areas stats reveal that the Chelsea penalty area has been the scene of 33 % of the game 's action thus far - over twice as much as the Arsenal penalty area .
GOAL ! Chelsea 2 - 0 Arsenal ( Drogba 22 min ) A brilliant counter - attacking goal , almost identical to that concocted by Rooney and Nani last week .
Arshavin gave the ball away on the edge of the Chelsea penalty area , Lampard broke and galloped up the field as Arsenal defenders back - pedalled furiously .
He passed the ball out to Drogba on the right flank , and he cut inside , took it past Vermaelen and smashed a left - footed drive past Almunia .
25 min : Cesc Fabregas goes down holding his face after an accidental collision with Terry , whose beleagured PR flaks would probably appreciate me pointing out that their client quickly checks to see if his opposite number is OK .
27 min : Another neat tippy - tappy pass - and - move Arsenal attack down the left flank comes undone thanks to an errant pass on the edge of the Chelsea penalty area .
They 're launching their most productive attacks down Ivanovic and Anelka 's wing , but creating little in the way of goalscoring opportunities .
Chelsea , on the other hand , have had two and scored two .
30 min : Song tries to attack down the left channel for Arsenal , but is dispossessed by a robust challenge from Terry .
He prods the ball towards Lampard , who hoofs clear .
31 min : Ashley Cole gallops in from the left wing to latch on to a through ball sent sailing through the centre from Lampard in what was obviously a rehearsed move .
The delivery is perfectly weighted , but Theo Walcott is alert to the danger , tracks his man and does enough to put Cole off his stride and get the ball out for a corner .
Nothing comes from it .
33 min : Fabregas tries to cut inside Ivanovic down in the Chelsea right - back position , but the defender puts the ball out for a corner , from which Chelsea try to mount yet another lightning fast counter - attack .
Alex
Song does enough to avert the danger on this occasion .
35 min : Arsenal win a throw - in , down near the corner flag in Ashley Cole 's corner of the defence .
The ball 's thrown to Arshavain , who 's allowed to turn and send a cross looping towards the far post , where Petr Cech claims the ball .
36 min : Gael Clichy tries a shot from distance .
It fizzes high and wide .
37 min : " Before the match I predicted a Drogba hat - trick and a Wenger red card , " writes Damien Neva .
" It could still happen . "
39 min :
The two defences exchange long balls , before Dider Drogba picks up the ball on the left wing .
He plays it back to Ivanovic , who wins a throw - in halfway inside the Arsenal half .
Or , to put it slightly more succintly : Chelsea throw - in .
41 min : A Cesc Fabregas shot from distance goes so far wide that the Chelsea fans congregated behind Petr Cech 's goal " Hurrrah ! " exultantly .
43 min : Chelsea win a free - kick not far from the edge of the centre - circle inside the Arsenal half .
Lampard sends it towards the left - hand side of the six - yard box , where Terry and Carvalho have assembled .
The ball is headed clear for an Arsenal throw - in .
44 min :
There 'll be two minutes of added time .
45+2 min : There 's an accidental clash of heads between Malouda and Vermalaen .
The latter goes down , the former stays on his feet but needs treatment for a cut .
Both look like they 'll be OK .
Half - time :
The teams go in for the break with Chelsea two goals to the good .
Arsenal have n't played particularly badly , but the customary accusation , that they 're all style and no substance , is probably a fair one to level at them on the back of that 45 minutes .
Half - time analysis : " Whether Gunners supporters want to hear it or not , it 's time to rebuild , " harrumphs Matthew Good .
" We simply can't go from week to week with such unpredictability .
Even if it means a season or two mid-table , so be it .
We are a shadow of our former selves in far too many respects .
As a lifelong ( and third generation ) supporter , I get nervous now whenever the ball is near or in our area .
There was a time when our full - backs created a sense of calm and I want that back .
It starts at finding the right keeper , and we have n't had one of those since Seaman left . "
Or since shortly before Seaman left .
More emails : I can't figure out what Arshavin is for , " says Niall Mullen .
" Perhaps he 's there to make us feel better about our own haircuts ?
Any other uses apart from being a professional Sergei Rebrov impersonator ? "
" Just wondering what Philippe Senderos would be thinking on seeing the match : ' Thank God , I am not there ' or ' I am better any day as Drogba has never scored more than 1 when I played against him ' , " writes Balaji .
Sky pundit Jamie Redknapp 's considered opinion on Arsenal 's attempts to defend against the second goal : " They got done last week exactly the same way wot they 'ave today . "
Second half : Arsenal get the second half started .
" Only half - time and there 's much can happen , but the scoreline confirms that Arsenal are likely to flatter to deceive yet again , " writes Gary Naylor .
" I can't see them winning anything with a manager who is in denial about the physical nature of the English game and the need to sign players in key positions .
What Arsene knows , he knows without the doubt that serves more humble men well . "
46 min : Arsenal pick up where they left off - attacking down Chelsea 's left - flank with a move that fizzles into nothing when an Andrei Arshavin pass down the channel rolls harmlessly wide with Samir Nasri in hot and futile pursuit .
47 min : Chelsea corner .
Lampard swings it in from the right , but fails to beat the first man : Vermaelen , who heads clear .
The Arsenal centre - half is sporting the beginning of a shiner under his left eye after that collision with Malouda at the end of the first half .
48 min : A poor Bakary Sagna cross is misckicked by Ashley Cole , who shakes his head in disgust at giving away a corner .
The ball 's sent in to the penalty area , where Cech claims confidently .
49 min : Free - kick for Chelsea , to the left of the centre - circle , just inside their own half .
Lampard sends a long diagonal ball towards the right flank , where Ivanovic controls with his chest and passes inside to Drogba .
He goes down under a challenge holding his shin .
52 min : I 'm not sure who tackled Drogba , but they 've done a number on him .
He hobbles over to the sideline , gingerly pulling down his sock to inspect the damage and get a lengthy blast from the magic aerosol .
53 min : Arsenal win a corner , from which Abou Diaby shoots wide .
54 min : It 's now hammering down with rain at Stamford Bridge .
Chelsea break up another promising looking Arsenal attack when a crafty through - ball from Arshavin to Fabregas is intercepted .
55 min : Drogba powers down the right for Chelsea and sends in a cross .
The ball drops for Carvalho , whose diagonal left to right volley takes a deflection off a defender , hits Anelka and rolls into Almunia 's arms .
If Anelka had been a bit more alert he 'd surely have scored .
56 min :
The camera pans to Matt Damon , who 's at Stamford Bridge sitting alongside that hairy bloke who directed him in the excellent Bourne trilogy .
58 min : " Arshavin can be a magical player , " writes Jeff Romonko .
" The problem is that the magic has been dead since early January .
He missed a complete sitter from Fabregas in the first half .
But what other options do Arsenal have ?
Do they give cups for third place now ?
Arsene told me they did ! "
59 min : Aware that Arsenal 's defenders are keeping one eye on an Ashley Cole decoy run down the left flank , Michael Ballack takes advantage of their indecision to try a shot .
His low drive goes well wide .
60 min : Samir Nasri ruins a great chance to pull opne back for the Arsenal .
The ball dropped kindly for him in the penalty area after he'd combined well with Arshavin to carve open the Chelsea defence and , with only Cech to beat , he got caught in two minds over how best to dispatch the ball and ended up doing nothing , allowing the keeper to save at his feet .
62 min : Chelsea attack down the right flank , courtesy of Drogba , with Lampard and Anelka in support .
A curling cross intended for Anelka at the far post is accidentally intercepted by Lampard , who then loses possession to Vermaelen .
63 min : Arsenal substitution : Nicklas Bendtner on , Theo Walcott on .
Elsewhere on the field , John Terry is getting treated for a leg injury .
He 's been in distress - physical distress - for some minutes now .
65 min : Terry leaves the pitch and comes back on again wearing thick white strapping around his left thigh .
He hurt himself in a collision with Petr Cech , his own team - mate .
The irony .
68 min : Ricardo Carvalho concedes a free - kick on the edge of the Chelsea penalty area with a late challenge on Bendtner .
It 's a couple of feet left of centre .
69 min : How did that stay out ?
Fabregas tries to curl it into the bottom right - hand corner , but even with William Gallas sprinting across his line of vision , he still manages to get down low to his right and make the save .
If Gallas had got any sort of touch on that ball , and he was n't far away from getting one , he'd have scored .
70 min : John
Terry sends a long pass down to Nic Anelka in the Arsenal left - back position .
He wins a throw - in , which Ivanovic takes .
Arsenal clear .
73 min : Florent Malouda is penalised for offside after picking up the ball from Drogba in a promising position on the edge of the Arsenal penalty area .
He got it stuck under his feet while trying to make room for a shot , so I do n't think he'd have scored .
74 min : Arsenal double substitution : Tomas Rosicky and Emmanuel Eboue on , Abou Diaby and Bakary Sagna off .
Chelsea win a corner from which nothing comes .
75 min : " After getting an Oscar nomination for playing Francois Pienaar , " writes Tim Bailey .
" It looks like Matt Damon has come to Stamford Bridge to research his next role - his doppelganger Michael Ballack . "
77 min : Rosicky goes on a mazey run down the left flank before sending in a cross that 'as cleared only as far as Nasri on the opposite wing .
The ball is Arsenaled about around the edge of the Chelsea penalty area , until Vermaelen eventually sends in a cross that goes straight into the hands of the waiting Cech .
79 min : Bendtner goes close , only to be foiled by Cech , who rushes off his line to tip away a dropping back - post header from Fabregas that was about to be prodded past him by the lanky Dane .
81 min : Chelsea substitutuion : Yuri Zhirkov on , Michael Ballack off .
82 min : Song gets booked for a challenge from behind on Frank Lampard .
Free - kick for Chelsea , slightly right of centre about 30 yards from the Arsenal goal .
83 min :
That 's a heroic effort from Drogba , who toe - pokes the ball high enough to sail over the wall , but low enough to rattle the cross-bar .
A couple of inches lower and that would have been his hat - trick .
It bounces back into play and Arsenal hack clear .
Respite is only momentary , though - Chelsea win a free - kick in the right channel , between penalty area and touchline .
85 min : Lampard takes the free - kick and it's a move from the training ground .
He squares it low and hard , to Anelka who'd stepped away from the orgy of pushing and shoving in the penalty area to give himself a couple of yards of space on the edge of the throng .
He shoots high and wide .
86 min : Chelsea substitution : Nic Anelka off , Joe Cole on .
88 min : " Is anyone MBMing the American football later ? " asks Niall Harden .
" I 've watched the Super Bowl every year in a state of total bewilderment .
Clearly what 's needed is the likes of Rob Smyth and Gary Naylor to put me right . "
I can confirm that Paolo Bandini is in Miami and will be doing the honours , once he 's got over the crushing disappointment of Arsenal 's latest humiliation .
89 min : " Same old problems for Arsenal , " writes James Higginson .
" They do seem very easy to out - muscle these days .
They need a little of that nastiness back .
Perhaps
Wenger does n't realise as he always claimed not to see any of that .
The likes of Bergkamp could play sublime football but were n't afraid to get stuck in .
They had better sort things out quickly as a Liverpool win midweek would really put the pressure on . "
90 min : Fabregas goes close , sending a header flashing wide of the left upright and getting clattered by Ivanovic in the process .
Chelsea substitution : Drogba off , Salomon Kalou on .
In the stands , Jason Bourne gives the big Ivorian a standing ovation .
90+5 min : I lose a big chunk of text to gremlins , the short version of which reads : Arsenal do n't get a free - kick they should have got on the edge of the Chelsea penalty area .
Not that it makes any difference .
90+6 min : " It 's time to draw a line under Wenger 's great experiment at Arsenal , " writes Michael Simpson .
" Either he should go or he should admit that it has failed and find a new plan .
Let 's face it , it was predictable that Drogba was going to score and always unlikely that Arsenal would win .
What 's more , if Arsenal can't beat Chelsea or Manchester United in the Premier League , they are n't likely to win the Champions League because past experience shows they are almost cetain to meet one these teams in the latter stages .
Wenger did n't give enough credence to this when he blew the FA Cup by fielding a weak team away from home .
Failing to get another striker at least on loan in January was another major oversight .
The team will come away from this game and last weeks with no belief that they can beat their main rivals and in that position they wo n't win anything . "
90+6 min : Mike Dean proceedings to a close with three shrill blasts on his whistle .
Chelsea have won this pretty easily - Arsenal had more than their fair share of possession but did little with it in a match that will have left more and more of their supporters disenchanted with Arsene Wenger 's way of doing things .
Post - match niceties : John
Terry removes his shirt , wipes his face in it and throws - or possibly sells - it to somebody behind one of the goals .
A sopping wet , filthy , sweat - soaked , dribble - stained polyester garment - what a lovely gift that is for some lucky punter .
Chelsea are top of the Premier League again and will take some shifting .
Liverpool are next up for Arsenal and the Merseysiders will fancy their chances of bridging the gap between themselves and the Gooners to just two points .
WASHINGTON — The International Monetary Fund said the global economy is set to rebound sharply this year , with 3.9 % growth , but the U.S. and other rich countries are n't likely to grow fast enough to reduce unemployment substantially .
Growth in what the IMF categorizes as " advanced countries " is expected to average only 2.1 % this year and 2.4 % in 2011 , adjusted for inflation .
" This growth will barely be enough to reduce the output gap and unemployment will remain high , " said chief IMF economist Olivier Blanchard .
The ...
What is LEGO Universe really about ?
In the universe of LEGO , something is causing a maelstrom to rid the universe of its imagination .
It is up to every LEGO good spirit to rid these evil LEGO spirits by using more imagination .
Launching this year for PC only , LEGO will launch an MMO like no other .
I know that sounds cliched but it is a type of MMO that I have never seen before .
Reason being is that the only MMO I have ever played was World of Warcraft .
But the idea of a MMO game where there is no leveling caught me off guard .
I did n’t know what to expect from LEGO before the exclusive presentation I was invited to .
The whole point of the MMO is not to “ level up ” your character but to “ level up ” your imagination by completing quests and collecting different LEGO bricks , mini - fig parts , and special LEGO accessories .
Create your own universe
With all these collected LEGO bricks you can build custom in game items or you can bring it into your own private property and build your own LEGO land .
Just like what you would do in real life .
This was one of the main features of the game that really caught my attention .
You buy bricks , build a model and play in it in your home .
With this private property you can build anything you can imagine and invite your friends to play in it .
Build a house , build race cars and a race track , or even build puzzles for your friends to figure out .
Again , the only limit is your imagination which is what the LEGO brand is all about .
More from my meeting with LEGO Universe at CES , screen shots , and a trailer after the break .
LEGO Digital Designer Integration
Do n’t have time to or do n’t want to go through questing to pimp out your private property ?
Use the free LEGO Digital Designer to design your own creation and import that into the game .
So , instead of designing something with that tool and buying it , you can just send it into the game and play in it virtually .
Summary
LEGO Universe is a perfect marriage of existing LEGO products .
Just think how a LEGO video game , not tied to any movie or franchise , built with many LEGO sets , add in the LEGO Digital Designer tool , and top it off with LEGO MindStorms scripting .
Now put all that in a bowl , mix it up , and put that online on an MMO scale .
LEGO Universe has me anxiously awaiting a beta invite .
It looks so fun to play for anyone at any age .
If you have an imagination , you can help the LEGO Universe .
Sony als " Raubkopierer " Peter Mühlbauer
Der Unterwäschehersteller Triumph macht " geistige Eigentumsrechte " an der Unterwäsche in einem Lady - Gaga - Video geltend
In dem Stück Videophone singt Stefani Germanotta ( " Lady Gaga " ) gemeinsam mit Beyoncé Knowles über die Selbstdarbietung des weiblichen Körpers via Kamera .
Es war allerdings nicht der Text , sondern der Videoclip zu dem Stück , der dem Sony - Konzern eine Klage einbrachte , die gestern verhandelt wurde .
In dem Clip trägt Beyoncé Knowles nämlich unter anderem eine schwarz - weiße Kombination aus Slip , BH , Armreifen und Brille , welche die Firma Triumph International an eine Kreation erinnerte , die der bulgarische Designer Iskren Lozanov bei einem vom Unterwäschehersteller veranstalteten Wettbewerb einreichte und die in der italienischen Vogue abgebildet wurde .
Triumph wandte sich darauf hin an den Sony - Konzern , der das Musikstück vermarktet , und verhandelte einen Monat lang über eine Gegenleistung für die Verwendung des Designs .
Ursprünglich wollte man dafür kein Geld , sondern die Zusage , dass Beyoncé Knowles in der Jury des nächsten Unterwäschewettbewerbs mitwirken sollte .
Das aber wollte Sony nicht , weshalb Triumph den Konzern schließlich abmahnte und am 18 .
Dezember unter Berufung auf die Asterix - Rechtsprechung eine einstweilige Verfügung erwirkte , über welche die 7 .
Zivilkammer des Landgerichts München I nun entscheiden musste .
Die Unterwäschekreation von Iskren Lozanov .
Bild : Triumph International
Die Triumph - Vertreter verwiesen in der Verhandlung auf die Millionensummen , die der Konzern in den Modedesigner - Wettbewerb investiert , der jedes Jahr in verschiedenen Ländern abgehalten wird und den Lozanov 2009 mit seinem schwarz - weißen Modell in Bulgarien gewann .
Eine andere Sängerin , Katy Perry , habe vor der Benutzung eines Unterwäscheprodukts der Firma ein " Kooperationsangebot " unterbreitet , was auch Sony zumutbar gewesen wäre .
Der Anwalt des Medien - und Elektronikkonzerns brachte dagegen eine ganze Reihe von Details vor , in denen sich die beiden Kreationen unterscheiden :
So weiche Lozanov Höschen unter anderem durch ein Auge und sein BH durch eine " phallusförmige Applikation " von der im Musikvideo getragenen Kombination ab .
Auch die Armreifen unterschieden sich deutlich von denen des Bulgaren ab , zudem trage die Sängerin im Video Stiefel statt Strapse .
Wirklich ähnlich sehen würden sich lediglich die weiß umrandeten Brillen , die jedoch seien nicht urheberrechts - , sondern höchstens gebrauchsmusterschutzfähig .
Beyoncé Knowles im Clip zu " Videophone "
Die vorgebrachten Details beeindruckten die Richter allerdings wenig : Sie gingen von einem " Gesamteindruck " aus - und der ließ ihrer Ansicht nach das alte im Vergleich zum neuen
Werk durchaus nicht " erblassen " , wie dies die Kommentare für eine " freie Bearbeitung " fordern .
Eine " unfreie Bearbeitung " , wie sie das Gericht sie stattdessen vorliegen sah , ist jedoch nur mit Genehmigung des Rechteinhabers des älteren Werkes zulässig .
Bei dieser Entscheidung berücksichtigte die Urheberrechtskammer , dass das Modell des Bulgaren in Muster und Formgestaltung " sehr weit vom Üblichen abweicht " und das Handwerkliche deutlich überragt .
Aufgrund dieser Originalität fasste sie auch den Schutzbereich weit , so dass für dessen Verletzung nicht unbedingt eine identische Übernahme vorliegen muss .
Das von den Sony - Anwälten vorgebrachte Argument , dass sich auch der Bulgare sichtbar von Pablo Picasso beeinflussen ließ , erachteten die Richter insofern nicht als Schutzhindernis , als sie hier keine direkte Übernahme , sondern nur " Anregungen " erkannten .
Der Sony - Anwalt kündigte noch während der Verhandlung an , bei einer negativen Entscheidung in die Berufung zu gehen .
Eine in diesem Zusammenhang von ihm gemachte Äußerung , die offenbar die gegnerische Partei entmutigen sollte , dürfte auch für YouTube oder für Filesharing - Nutzer von Interesse sein : Danach ist das Lied aufgrund der " Kurzlebigkeit im Musikgeschäft " ohnehin bald " durch " , weshalb Sony das Video , das dann seiner Aussage nach " keiner mehr haben " will , einfach zurückziehen werde .
( Peter Mühlbauer )
Former prime minister Tony Blair did not mislead Parliament in the run-up to war , Alastair Campbell told the Iraq Inquiry
Tony Blair ’s former spin doctor Alastair Campbell was embroiled in another row with the BBC last night after breaking down on television as he answered questions about the Iraq war .
Blair 's former Downing Street communications director accused the BBC presenter Andrew Marr of pursuing an “ agenda ” when he pressed him over whether the former Prime Minister misled Parliament over Iraq 's weapons before the 2003 invasion .
Mr Campbell , who was assured during a five - hour grilling by the Iraq Inquiry last month , became emotional during his appearance on The Andrew Marr Show and appeared to struggle for breath as he did not speak for several seconds .
As the interview continued with a string of pauses Campbell said : " Forgive me for this ... I 've ... I 've been through a lot of this , Andrew .
And I 've been through a lot of that inquiry ... and , er ... Tony Blair , I think is a totally honourable man . ”
Mr Campbell added that people are no longer interested in the truth .
“ I do n't think people are interested in the truth anymore , " said Mr Campbell .
" 600,000 people died after the war , " Marr responded .
" And you can 't ... you ca n't prove those , " said Campbell .
He went on the programme to promote his new novel , Maya , but admitted later that Marr had upset him by referring to it as his “ new work of fiction ” — which he took as a barbed reference to the controversial dossier on Saddam Hussein 's weapons published in September 2002 .
The claim by a BBC reporter that the dossier had been “ sexed up ” eventually led to the Hutton Inquiry .
Later Mr Campbell told Sky News : “ I did get quite upset with Andrew [ Marr ] this morning .
I feel sometimes we are treated in this media bubble ; like somehow you are devoid of humanity — you do n't really have feelings , you do n't really care about things . ”
Writing on his blog , he Campbell said : “ I let my mind race for a while , controlled the emotions surging around , then carried on . ”
William Hague , the shadow Foreign Secretary , who was also interviewed on the programme , said : “ We are all upset by what happened in Iraq .
I am very upset that it seems our soldiers were often sent into action without the necessary equipment because of poor political decision - making , that there was no plan for the aftermath of the invasion of Iraq . ”
Other politicians who wept their way into the headlines :
Margaret Thatcher —
The ‘ Iron Lady ’ delivered a choked - up farewell speech and tears were visible in her eyes on the day she left Downing Street in November 1990 .
Bill Clinton —
The former US president welled up at the drop of a hat .
Video footage abounds of him laughing and joking as he walked to the funeral of fellow politician Ron Brown , only to turn on the emotion once he realised cameras were present .
John Hume —
The former SDLP leader broke down and eventually had to be taken to hospital following his attendance at the funeral of one of the Shankill bomb victims — where he was congratulated for his peace efforts by the dead man ’s daughter .
Belfast Telegraph
The Sharks blueline has two Olympians and a future Hall of Famer , but others play a major role in helping keep pucks out of the net and one of them is Kent Huskins .
Huskins happens to be the only blueliner to have played in every game this season for the Sharks and has been a warrior all season .
Huskins is one of those players who tends to blend in and he has steadily contributed more than 17 minutes a game this season .
However , those number have risen significantly as the past four games as he ’s eclipsed 20 minutes twice , including playing in more that 25 minutes in the overtime battle with Chicago .
Since Huskins does n’t log a significant power play time for most games , he will not be a minutes leader on the team most nights .
However , when it comes to calmly manning the defensive zone , whether at even strength or on the power play , he is a great contributor and quietly plays a large part in the Sharks shut down efforts .
“ In my opinion , he is one of the better D we have in going back to retrieve pucks , ” said Sharks Head Coach Todd McLellan .
“ He takes a hit to make a play and is very consistent .
” It may look simple , but when a club purposely dumps a puck in deep so they can chase you down toward the boards , and likely crush you into the boards , doing the right thing and worrying about the puck instead of yourself is n’t the easiest option .
It can be a thankless job , but it is far from unappreciated .
“ Inside the lockerroom is what matters and the players and coaches realize the little things that are n’t in the stats , ” said McLellan .
“ The little things he does are just as important for us as when ( we score ) .
” Another area where Huskins has been a benefit to McLellan is there has basically been a game of musical chairs in regards to his playing partners this year and whoever has been seated next to him when the music stops has been just fine with Huskins .
One night it ’s Jason Demers .
The next it ’s Jay Leach .
Another it ’s Derek Joslin .
Fortunately , Huskins has the type of game and demeanor that keeps him from being affected by alternating pairings .
“ He has the ability to adapt and partly it ’s us trying to find him the right partner , ” said McLellan .
“ He ’s capable regardless of who ends up working with him .
” “ That ’s the system were in , ” said Huskins .
“ The main principal is for everyone to be on the same page .
Whether it ’s Jason , Jos ( Joslin ) or Jay , they ’ve all done a great job and made it easy .
” Huskins had n’t played a game in San Jose until the season started , but his time observing while injured at the end of last season let him know this was where he wanted to sign and it has worked out for the individual and the club .
“ It was as close as you can get to seeing what it ’s like without playing , ” said Huskins .
“ I saw how they played the game and knew it was a place I wanted to be .
I ’m really excited to be here and be a part of it .
I was expecting it to be great and it has been .
” Huskins has been part of a championship club in Anaheim where he played a major defensive role in the playoff drive and he appreciates what the Sharks bring to the table every night .
“ It ’s a pretty condensed schedule and a pretty balanced league , ” said Huskins .
“ For this franchise to be in first place is definitely a good thing .
” Huskins has managed to even turn his fiancée ’s family into Sharks fans .
The future in - laws have attended plenty of hockey games and have a son playing at Boston University , however , they now proudly wear the teal in southern California .
“ I would call them a hockey family , ” said Huskins .
“ Her parents watch all of Ryan ’s games on the internet .
They watched all his games when he was playing in the BCJHL and would go up there .
Now the family watches Sharks games .
” The change of allegiance came at a cost though .
“ We got them all Sharks jerseys at Christmas , so they wear them on game days , ” said Huskins .
DAY OFF Dan Boyle missed Friday ’s practice in a prearranged day off to be honored by the University of Miami , Ohio during their game tonight .
Boyle ’s parents will be joining him for the ceremony .
Manny Malhotra was not on the ice and is day - to - day with an injury he incurred in the St. Louis game .
MIAMI AGAINMiami ’s current captain , Tommy Wingels , is a Sharks prospect and has been receiving some mentions as a Hobey Baker candidate as the nation ’s top player .
WORCESTERJoslin and Demers both were reassigned to Worcester on Friday .
NEXT GAMEThe Sharks will visit Nashville Saturday at 5 p.m. and the game will be carried on CSN California , 98.5 KFOX and sjsharks.com .
A recurring challenge for Topic Maps - based projects is how to structure applications internally .
For traditional projects based on relational storage this problem is known as the impedance mismatch problem .
That is , the problem of how to handle the database in the code .
Should SQL queries be just littered all over the code ?
Should there be some sort of structure to the database interaction ?
Should one perhaps use an O/R mapping tool ?
And so on .
The same challenge exists for Topic Maps - based projects , but it ’s much less well understood , and it has not been discussed very much yet .
Lars Marius Garshol did a presentation about this at an internal Bouvet conference , which describes some possible approaches to the problem .
Since this is highly relevant to Ontopia users we publish the presentation here .
Vaticano Spa ( Vatican Ltd ) a book about the murky financial dealings of the Catholic church ( The subtitle reads : " from a secret archive – the truth about the church 's financial and political scandals " ) has been a runaway success in Italy .
Written by journalist Gianluigi Nuzzi and published by the Milan independent publisher Chiarelettere last year , more than 200,000 copies have been sold .
What 's all the more astonishing is that this success has been in spite of being ignored by almost all the Italian media , with the exception of a single television programme on La 7 , hosted by Gad Lerner .
Why the conspiracy of silence surrounding an Italian bestseller ?
Why are n't television , newspapers and magazines celebrating the success of a colleague ?
After all , Nuzzi has written for the Berlusconi family - owned weekly Panorama and now is a journalist for the daily Libero , considered to be the prime minister 's house journal .
The explanation , according to Nuzzi , whom I asked for a comment for this article , lies in the subject matter :
" We thought that Karol Wojtyla ( Pope John Paul II ) , as he had promised , would have sorted out the Vatican finances after the scandal of Cardinal Marcinkus and the IOR ( the pope 's bank ) .
" But during the 80s and 90s , the whole system of shady deals and bribes was inherited by Marcinkus 's successors and became increasingly dishonest and cynical .
The pope knew about it , but did nothing to remove the heads of this power network .
" The book , Vaticano Spa , steps inside the sacred palaces and uncovers secrets thanks to the huge archive bequeathed by monsignor Renato Dardozzi , who was summoned to join the ' perestroika ' working on the Holy See 's finances .
My inquiry , which has the merit of not being anti-clerical , was considered the best selling non-fiction title in Italy for 2009 by the American Nielsen ratings .
" But , owing to some form of self - censorship , the television networks have ignored it , possibly because the church still inspires unconditional obsequiousness and fearful reverence .
A lost opportunity because this is the first time that the most reserved documents from the pope 's bank have been made available . "
Aside from the desire not to offend the church , there are underlying political reasons that explain the reluctance of Berlusconi 's private and the state - controlled public television channels to publicise this model of journalistic inquiry .
To summarise .
For 20 years , until 2007 , the CEI ( the permanent Episcopal Conference of Italian Bishops ) was ruled by cardinal Camillo Ruini , the vicar - general of the diocese of Rome .
In Ruini 's view , the church should be a pro-Berlusconi political party and he sought out and created ties both with the Northern League with its pantomime paganism and with the so - called " pious atheists " – ie , some of Berlusconi 's most fervent supporters in the press .
The most influential among these are Giuliano Ferrara , the founder and editor of Il Foglio ( which belongs to Veronica Lario , the soon - to - be - divorced Mrs Berlusconi ) and Vittorio Feltri , the editor - in - chief of Il Giornale ( which belongs to Berlusconi 's brother ) .
Ruini's successor , Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone , believed his predecessor was too openly favourable towards centre - right extremists .
Furthermore , Berlusconi 's involvement in endless sex scandals and his unbridled lifestyle had become a source of embarrassment to the church .
As a result , Bertone encouraged Avvenire , the CEI 's daily paper to distance itself from Berlusconi 's hedonism , scandals and pending legal problems .
Alarmed that the church was considering an alliance with a future PDL ( Berlusconi 's party ) but excluding Berlusconi himself , the " pious atheists " – the prime minister 's National Guards – rode to the rescue .
Vittorio Feltri wrote a front page editorial in his newspaper demanding ( and obtaining ) the resignation of the editor of l'Avvenire , Dino Boffo .
Boffo was accused of hypocrisy for daring to criticise Berlusconi 's lifestyle while he himself had been involved in a case of homosexual harassment .
The accusation proved false , but Feltri raised the stakes by insinuating he had been informed of the forged document against Boffo by a Vatican source .
The mysterious informer was apparently someone in the entourage of Giovanni Maria Vian , the very powerful editor - in - chief of the Vatican daily paper , l'Osservatore Romano .
Against such a background , Nuzzi 's outstanding investigation and its astonishing revelations ( such as secret accounts registered to charities for research into leukaemia but used to protect high - profile clients ) have become a pawn in the gang war in the Curia which Berlusconi 's most fanatical supporters have every interest in exacerbating .
Meanwhile the church 's unlawful activities , as revealed by the book , seem neither to bother nor to scandalise many people in Italy , perhaps because since the days of Luther , Italian cynics know that the church is an organ of power and that it has little to do with religious sentiment .
• Translated from Italian by Judy Segor
NewsAlert
Sign up for our NewsAlert service and have the latest news in astronomy and space e-mailed direct to your desktop .
Enter your e-mail address :
Privacy note : your e-mail address will not be used for any other purpose .
Spirit rover buttons down for harsh winter on Mars
BY STEPHEN CLARK
SPACEFLIGHT NOW
Posted : February 14 , 2010
The Spirit rover will spend the upcoming Martian winter in an unfavorable orientation tilted away from the sun , limiting its power production and likely ensuring the robotic explorer will be out of contact with Earth for up to six months .
This fisheye view from Spirit 's rear hazard avoidance camera was taken Feb .
8 . Credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech
NASA gave up on freeing Spirit from the grasp of a Martian sand pit last month , but officials hoped spinning the robot's four operating wheels would nudge the rover 's tilt angle more toward the sun .
Spirit 's last drive last week failed to improve its position , and NASA says the rover will spend the winter tilted 9 degrees to the south .
The sun appears low in the northern sky at Spirit 's station in Gusev crater .
Ground controllers have curtailed some of Spirit 's drive operations during previous winters , but the rover has always been placed in a north - facing incline to maximize its exposure to sunlight to produce electricity .
" Engineers anticipate that , due to the unfavorable tilt for this fourth winter , Spirit will be out of communication with Earth for several months , " NASA said in a statement .
NASA has not lost contact with Spirit for such a lengthy period since the spacecraft landed on Mars in January 2004 .
Spirit has been stuck in a sand pit dubbed Troy along the western edge of a feature called Home Plate since last April .
Engineers spent much of last year developing plans to extricate the rover , but driving efforts since November have yielded little progress , partially due to the failure of a second of Spirit 's six wheels .
In late January , mission managers gave up attempts to move Spirit , instead focusing on optimizing the craft 's tilt angle to improve its prospects of surviving the harsh winter .
But those efforts fell short , and ground teams are now prepping Spirit for up to six months of hibernation .
Artist 's concept of the Spirit rover .
Credit : NASA
When Spirit 's power levels fall below limits , the rover will shut down almost all of its systems except a master clock to periodically check its power status until there is enough electricity to wake up and radio Earth or an orbiting satellite , according to NASA .
Engineers are uploading a schedule of communications opportunities in 2010 and 2011 with Earth and the Odyssey spacecraft circling Mars .
Controllers are also preparing Spirit 's robot arm for atmospheric studies and changing the positions of high - gain antenna and panoramic camera to minimize shadows on the craft 's solar panels .
Spirit is also taking a collection of images of nearby terrain .
Scientists will use the pictures to compare with imagery the rover will take after waking up , providing " before " and " after " views showing the effects of wind through the winter .
NASA says Spirit could enter hibernation by early March , and the rover 's power situation may not improve until September .
Spirit was built to endure the cold temperatures and low solar angles during Martian winter , but the rover has operated on Mars nearly 25 times longer than designed .
The rover parachuted to a bouncy airbag landing on Jan. 3 , 2004 .
Spirit completed its primary mission three months later and has now survived for more than six years .
Opportunity , a twin rover of Spirit , is continuing driving on the opposite side of Mars .
Opportunity is headed for the expansive 13.7 - mile - wide Endeavour crater for more science investigations .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Josh Marshall ( Unwittingly ) Pinch Hits For Rove "
( 111 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... wilson said on 1/4/2010 @ 5:54 am PT ...
Brad , in your long post , you never once touched on the discussion we actually should be having .
The underwear bomb was state sponsored terror against us .
It 's all a dog and pony show to get the sheeple to beg for police state protection ( along with TSA screwtiny ) .
Have you been love bombed by the left gatekeeper crowd ?
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... molly said on 1/4/2010 @ 6:30 am PT ...
Hitler figured out ways to stop people from traveling too , did n't he ?
What will it take for us as a nation to talk openly of the Facscist takeover of our govt .
The recent unrestricted funds given to criminals in banking was a big tip off .
No money for health care .
We are starting wars all over the world for resources without even trying to make it look legal .
Someone blows up his crotch and our " leaders " want to blow up a country .
State media allows no voice of reason to counteract the madness .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... zapkitty said on 1/4/2010 @ 8:21 am PT ...
... " dessimated " ?
Perchance you meant decimated ?
Josh bludgeoned to death 1 in 10 of their arguments ?
Or were you using the interpretation from Gould 's " Wonderful Life " ?
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/4/2010 @ 8:44 am PT ...
The blending of the military industrial complex , corporations , and the corporate owned media .
It 's happening with the promotion of a war with Yemen .
Even though it 's been exposed , they still do it , as if it does n't matter that it 's been exposed .
http://www.nytimes.com/2...3&hp&oref=slogin
http://rawstory.com/2009...nners-chertoff-conflict/
http://www.sourcewatch.o...itle=Thomas_G._McInerney
http://www.youtube.com/w...;feature=player_embedded
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 1/4/2010 @ 8:57 am PT ...
Zapkitty @ 3 : ... " dessimated " ?
Everyone 's a copy editor .
Trouble is , none of 'em work for me .
So , yeah , thanks , Zap .
Fixed !
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 1/4/2010 @ 8:59 am PT ...
Wilson said :
The underwear bomb was state sponsored terror against us .
Really ?
Which state ?
And what 's your evidence for the allegation ?
Thanks in advance !
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Dana J. said on 1/4/2010 @ 10:09 am PT ...
You have no idea what you 're talking about Brad .
You continue the lies day in day out .
You type and write as if 9/11 was exactly the way Bush said it was ?
BRAD .... THERE WERE NO COMMERCIAL PLANE CRASHES ON 9/11 !!!!!!
The war on terror is a fraud .
TSA , Homeland Security , Patriot Acts , mass murdered wars ..... are all based on the staged and murderous lies of 9 - 11 .
You have sat here for 8 years now questioning EVERYTHING about the US government , elections , fraud , corruption , scandal after scandal ..... though for some reason think that everything Bush told you about 9/11 on 9/11 was true and has never changed since ( ask the WMD 's in Iraq about that one ? )
" When it comes to Terrorism , discussions of motive have been declared more or less taboo from the start because of the dishonest equation of motive discussions with justification ..... "
The exact same criteria must be applied to the start and events of 9/11 .
You must go back and ask the fundamental questions and verify PHYSICALLY every aspect from " passengers " to the planes .
Oddities of the origins on the never ending US global war on terror : * None of the passengers used a credit card to buy a ticket for any of the flights on 9/11 * On one flight EVERY passenger paid CASH for their tickets that morning on 9/11 ( amazing when its a cross country flight on a work day ) * If all the " passengers " from all the flights that " crashed on 9/11 " were added together ... it would not equal the capacity of ONE plane !!
*FIRSTS in aviation HISTORY ...... not one wing was found from any plane from any location !
Not one single seat was found from any location !
Not one single engine was verified .... each engine was 6 TONS ... is 9ft wide .... made from titanium .
The manufacturer has said its immpossible for engines to " melt away " and dissappear as has been promoted !
NONE of the black boxes .... NONE of the flight data recorders .... and NONE of the voice data recorders HAVE SERIAL NUMBERS !
( What that means is that ANY information garned or retrieved from any of the boxes from any of the planes on 9/11 is irrelevant and completely useless .
NEVER in the history of aviation had that happened before or since 9/11 and it happened 4 TIMES involving 12 different boxes in one day ?!!!!!
* Not one person or " passenger " from any of the 4 planes from any of the 4 airports drove themselves and parked a car .... NOT ONE !
Not one person out of 250 + passengers drove and parked their own car .... EXCEPT ATTA ...... ATTA was the only " passenger " to drive and park their own car .
Atta was also the only passenger to have a suitcase left behind ( confirming his guilt ? ) and his car was PACKED with amazingly incriminating evidence involving everything he was " planning to do " .
* NOT ONE single camera recorded a single video of a single " passenger " bording , arriving , buying a ticket , waiting around , checking in , going through security of any of the planes from any of the airports on 9/11 .... EXCEPT ONE ?!
ATTA !
He was " recorded " at an airport in Maine on a different day and time other than 9/11 !!!!
That was the video shown to the world which would implicate Atta yet again .... even though not ONE single other passenger was ever seen in any way on film .
( Interesting to note that ALL the airport locations and cameras were being operated and controlled by the same Bush related corporations that were also in control of the cameras at the WTC's ? )
As long as you continue to talk about Rove I will talk about 9/11
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... renzoku bb.com said on 1/4/2010 @ 10:43 am PT ...
Brad ,
regarding comment 6 http://www.examiner.com/...t-a-Manchurian-Candidate
Dana ,
re : comment 7
Wow .
Most of that 's news to me .
I wanna know how to verify some of that for myself .
Especially the cash only purchases of all tickets .
Brad ,
Even if Dana were wrong , nuts or worse here , there 's far more evidence that makes the point stated in comment 7 .
Josh and you are splitting hairs about Rove and corporatists splitting hairs on a bull who is about to gore us all .
Wow too many metaphors .
Sorry .
Point is these arguments are glib and trivial in the context of what we 've seeing .
Are we seriously going to sit here and argue about what arguments are worthwhile as we ignore the most fundamental facts we all survive by ?
Ok one more metaphor .
Do you really wanna be one of the sheep when wolves have replaced the shepherd and his sheepdogs ?
And the wolves are making all the laws and herding all the sheep in obviously bad directions ?
And exactly what logic will work for such sheep when arguing with said wolves ?
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... mick said on 1/4/2010 @ 10:58 am PT ...
The root cause of the problem is America 's unshakable support for Israel and until it is addressed things will only get worst .
You can not imagine what life is like in Gaza today , the worlds largest prison with 1.5 million prisoners , men women and mostly children .
Talk about " state sponsored terror " .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J1bm2GPoFfg
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 1/4/2010 @ 11:53 am PT ...
Dana J. @ 7 wrote :
You have sat here for 8 years now questioning EVERYTHING about the US government , elections , fraud , corruption , scandal after scandal ..... though for some reason think that everything Bush told you about 9/11 on 9/11 was true and has never changed since ( ask the WMD 's in Iraq about that one ? )
I see you 're an " evidence " guy , Dana .
Happy to see that !
So your evidence for the above statement is what exactly ?
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... renzoku bb.com said on 1/4/2010 @ 12:06 pm PT ...
Dissappointing Brad .
The question is more accurately what single shred of evidence has anyone anywhere ever sited to support the govt version of events aka 911 commission report .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 1/4/2010 @ 12:20 pm PT ...
Renzoku @ 11 said : Dissappointing Brad .
The question is more accurately what single shred of evidence has anyone anywhere ever sited to support the govt version of events aka 911 commission report .
I imagine that would be disappointing in disscussion of 9/11 or in a discussion where one was defending the government 's account of it .
But as I was n't , and was only defending myself instead against an inaccurate attack , I 'm sorry that I disappointed you .
Oh well .
Ca n't please everybody .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 1/4/2010 @ 2:02 pm PT ...
Can I play editor , too ?
" Purile " as in " a rather purile , and ultimately unhelpful ... " should be puerile .
Now I 'll go see how excited you got everyone with this post .
[ Ed Note : Thanks , Lasagna !
Fixed !
And if you figure out why these guys got so " excited " I hope you 'll let me know .
Seems they may just have been looking for something to get excited about .
Sigh. - BF ]
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... renzoku bb.com said on 1/4/2010 @ 2:22 pm PT ...
This conversation became about 911 when praise for your proper credibility checks on all that Bush II nor OBusha admins have said was accepted and criticism for passive acceptance of of the 911 commission 's report was rejected .
Dana asked a valid question ( albeit long and filled with evidentiary holes ) .
Why is it that you accept the 911 commissions report at all let alone whole ?
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... HankyDubz said on 1/4/2010 @ 2:30 pm PT ...
Look how tortured this whole discussion is .
We can't even have a conversation about what happened on 9/11/01 without accusations flying around .
Just about the only thing most of us can agree upon is that the official story is a lie .
We wo n't know the " truth " about 9/11 for another 15 years at the very least , supposing there is ever an agreement on what the " truth " is .
When we go to war with " terrorism , " we are actually interfering with internal ethnic / religious / geopolitical movements , and the people in those countries can see that our corporate backed state is supporting their local oppressors .
The only answer is to stop supporting local hereditary rulers in the mideast and allow those people to direct their full fury against these rulers without US intervention .
That 's what people did throughout Europe when they threw off their hereditary monarchs in France , in England , in Russia etc etc etc .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/4/2010 @ 2:58 pm PT ...
I should explain to everyone that almost every single time I ever went in to fix Brad 's typos and brainos he cried about me having messed up some update he was trying to do .
His tears were so pitiful .
Heartrending .
So I gave it up until we find a way to lock each other out while working on something .
I know how to spell " decimate " and " puerile " and a bunch of other words — plus apostrophes and all kinds of stuff — but those tears just broke my heart .
Weirdest thing : those who did not write a piece can spot this stuff way more easily than the person who did .
The person who writes it does n't see the typos because their brain already knows what they wrote and it's hell trying to train it to LOOK at the piece while proofreading after that .
I 've reread stuff of my own forty times before I see that last typo ....
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/4/2010 @ 3:06 pm PT ...
And , in any case , this blather over which president would handle this which way just pisses me off in light of the fact that we 're talking about FAKED TERROR , and there are witnesses whose accounts have been confirmed and enough of it has been gotten out in the MSM and on the tubes that it 's pretty dickless and unAmerican to just ignore that part of it to do the partisan bickering over patsy prosecution instead .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 1/4/2010 @ 3:30 pm PT ...
Dana J. comment # 7 .
You 've provided a long - winded , highly emotional rant about 9/11 but you failed to address Brad Friedman 's core question , to wit :
What is the evidence that the underwear bomb was an act of state sponsored terrorism against us ?
While I , for one , am not satisfied with the official theory of 9/11 and feel the gravity of the event and many of the questions raised warrant an open , impartial and " factual " investigation , your emotional rant fails to offer so much as a scintilla of evidence that would support the claim that the " underwear bomb " was the product of " state sponsored terrorism . "
Even assuming that every one of the astounding claims you make about 9/11/01 are true --- as opposed to delusional --- how does that " prove " that the event that took place on 12/25/09 was the product of " state sponsored terrorism ? "
As an open minded attorney , who operates in an evidence - based reality , I try to keep an open mind .
So if you or anyone else has " evidence " that proves
12/25/09 was an act of state sponsored terrorism , please provide it .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... renzoku bb.com said on 1/4/2010 @ 3:45 pm PT ...
wow .
comments 15,16,17 ( ok not so much the part on copy editing - although it is wierd how hard it is to see one 's own work well ) are helpful and sharp .
The fact that this is so obviously all about faked terror when the only real terrorism going on is state sponsored terror ( The US and Israel for the most part bombing hell out of folk while not busy kidnapping and ignoring habeas corpus ) is what burns my toast .
The part we 're all dancing around is the state sponsored terror at home of our own citizens .
Granted it 's much harder to prove our own governments are harming our own sheeple ( Ok so it 's easy to prove in Saudi Arabia and a few others . ) .
Our own government home grown and home consumed terrorism is so glaringly obvious all the time though , that it more and more proves Naomi Klein 's point in Shock Doctrine .
Bush II and OBusha WANT us to know they 're obscenely breaking every law they feel like breaking when , where and as often as they feel like it .
They want us to feel powerless .
When we carefully avoid discussing such matters because the lies they feed us lack evidence against them , we might as well be powerless .
What 's the point of putting in time and money here and at Velvet Revolution if we are powerless ?
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/4/2010 @ 3:54 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Dana J. said on 1/4/2010 @ 4:24 pm PT ...
From Brad : " I see you 're an " evidence " guy , Dana .
Happy to see that !
So your evidence for the above statement is what exactly ? "
I never said there were planes .
You did .
You are the one who has stated time again that there is OVERWHELMING " evidence " ( which I have never seen you provide ) that commercial planes crashed on 9/11 .
Just yesterday NBC reported about the terrorists aboard the planes of 9/11 .... NBC is of course currently owned by the largest military contractor in the world , as they were on 9/11 .
If YOU .... say there were planes ... meaning a tangible , verifiable , 100 Ton object that existed .... then YOU must provide the physical evidence to back up YOUR statement that there were commercial plane crashes on 9/11 .
( Should be easy since there are over 2 million time - stamped serial numbered parts in EACH PLANE ) .
This whole .." you must provide proof and evidence " for no planes is the same disinformation , pysop , mildec crap thats been around 911 Lie / truth Groups for 8 years now .
YOU .... Brad .... must prove YOUR statement first since that is the statement and evidence as basis for the entire war on terror , the deaths and murders of millions , and everything from it .
Brad .... what " evidence " do YOU have that commercial planes crashed on 9/11 ?
( Keep in mind that video , photos and witnesses have never in aviation history verified a single plane crash ... only debris does .... similar to UFO sightings .
( Imagine every witness , video , and photo of a UFO alien spacecraft being used as " PROOF " and " evidence " of a craft ? ! )
After 9 years .... not one single piece of wreckage from any of the 4 planes from any of the 4 locations on 9/11 has ever been physically tested , inspected , analyzed , or verified in any way by anyone !
The FBI now says that NOT ONE piece was verified because " we all saw it on TV " ?!!!!!
Someone mentioned that we may not know the truth for another 15 years .
Get ready for a time warp ..... There were no commercial plane crashes on 9/11 .
No one could ever have imagined that the world should have verified the debris of the planes ... which was the start for the never ending global war on a tactic known as terror .
How could I have been so stupid to " trust " US military media ?
They were owned BY the exact military corporations which have made TRILLIONS in the never ending war so far .
Time warp over .
Brad ... your attitude is much different than the last time you read this same information .
What kinds of criminals would stage false attacks to promote never ending wars to kill and control millions of people ?
Probably the SAME exact people who would rig elections to get themselves in power to commit those very same crimes .
9/11 and rigged elections are hand and hand .
There were no commercial plane crashes on 9/11 .
Interesting to note that every single statement I made above is 100 % verifiable and true .... and the only comment I got was about the purchase on the tickets ??!?!?!??!?!?!?
Not one single piece of plane debris has ever been verified as having come from any of the supposed planes of 9/11 ..... and you want a cash receipt for a ticket for verification instead ?
( The reason noone purchased with a credit card was because the flights were not scheduled .
The planes were never there to take off .
ps ... no take off records exist , no hand - off sheets from any pilots exist .
No video exists from any airports .
The supposed planes had been moth - balled for over a year before 9/11 ?!)
The ONE million dollar offer has stood for 3 years now .
Not one single person , organization , or entity anywhere in the world .... has been able to physically verify a single piece of debris from a single plane from 9/11 .
The FBI is now saying that NO ONE is EVER allowed to EVER see or verify the " evidence " because of " National Security " .
Thus I still have in an account with over One million in cash .
There were no commercial plane crashes on 9/11 .
If there were Brad , and you and anyone else in the world has overwhelming evidence , then when are you going to claim the 1 million dollars ?
I offered Brad 1 million dollars for verifying something that the whole world accepts as concrete fact ... and all he asks is about " MY " evidence ?!
I guess you dont need the money that bad ?
Just like EVERY relative of flight 93 who regected the governments tax - free $ 1.8 million dollar for every victim lost .
Let me repeat ... EVERY family member and relative of flight 93 turned down the governments money !!!!!!!!
ps...posters may want to update their thoughts on the 911 Commission .
The members have now publicly stated that it was a staged farce .... though I doubt you heard that on your evening news ?
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 1/4/2010 @ 4:27 pm PT ...
Wow , good and intense discussion here .
But , back to the question Brad posed --- what about the dialogue we should be having .
Let 's see , the guy who wrote an essay about that very topic after 9/11 - Ward Churchill - was fired , vilified , marginalized , hated , etc .
Now it did seem as though he slipped in " justification " along with " motivation " which most likely racheted up the hate .
But .
You'd have thought he ate babies for breakfast by the time they were done with him .
However , we should definitely have that conversation now , but good luck with it --- you 'd have to get past the " how can you even give the terrorists any sympathy for what they do --- slaughtering innocents ! " argument which will overwhelm any attempt at reasonable discussion in most circles .
Still we need to try .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Dana J. said on 1/4/2010 @ 4:42 pm PT ...
Ernie writes : " While I , for one , am not satisfied with the official theory of 9/11 " Q :
In exactly what ways are you " not satisfied " with the offical story ?
Its nice to see you recommend an " investigation " its just that it would n't last longer than 5 minutes which is why there has never been any investigation into 9/11 .
The problem is that there are no plane parts that can verify ANY statement made " officaily " about 9/11 .
Not one .
As a lawyer Ernie ..... are you satisfied with the physical verification of any of the planes from 9/11 ?
If so , why ?
How about this statment Ernie :
There were commercial plane crashes on 9/11 .
Would you ever post a reply that demands evidence and proof of that statement ?
NO .
Because you 've accepted that statement without ANY proof whatsoever ?!!!
What proof would you need to verify the planes of 9/11 ?
Ernie ... I like your style of trying to keep the conversation focused on your particular argument regarding underwear bombs .
Clearly peoples underwear are much more important than exposing the lies which could threaten the lives of over 1 billion people ?
Why one Billion ?
Based solely on the last never ending global war on a tactic called " evil " ..... death tolls are well into the billions from that 2000 + year old war .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... renzoku bb.com said on 1/4/2010 @ 5:16 pm PT ...
Fred Burkes is an interesting guy who 's written well and much on this and related subjects .
This article goes on quite a bit more .
I understand it 's circumstantial .
I also understand 90 + % of a case is built on circumstantial evidence .
http://www.examiner.com/...t-a-Manchurian-Candidate
" The Christmas day Northwest Airlines flight scare has made top headlines and brought fear once again into the hearts of many passengers .
Yet bizarre evidence has arisen from many quarters raising serious questions about what really happened on this strange flight .
Could this man have been a Manchurian Candidate ?
CNN
News has provided some of the best coverage of the many questions around this bizarre tale .
A December 28th CNN
News broadcast begins with this comment , " So , just how did a guy on a terror watch list with a one - way ticket paid for in cash , with no luggage , a man who has been barred from Britain , informed on by his own father , how did this guy manage to board a U.S. airliner and allegedly try to blow it to pieces ? " .......
I think that what 's chappin alotta hides here is that it feels like we 're trying to sound willing to look at evidence when in fact we 're refusing to look at anything that 's not already ok'd by the corporate oligarchs .
I 'm curious what we all think of points raised by Fred Burkes ' aggregation of msm various and disconnected reports .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 1/4/2010 @ 6:00 pm PT ...
Dana J. @ 21 said : I never said there were planes .
You did .
Okay , genius .
Let 's review .
You said @ 7 ( as I quoted above @ 10 ) :
You have sat here for 8 years now questioning EVERYTHING about the US government , elections , fraud , corruption , scandal after scandal ..... though for some reason think that everything Bush told you about 9/11 on 9/11 was true and has never changed since ( ask the WMD 's in Iraq about that one ? )
To which I replied @ 7 : I see you 're an " evidence " guy , Dana .
Happy to see that !
So your evidence for the above statement is what exactly ?
Now perhaps you were too busy being angry at people like me to have read carefully enough , but the question referred to your evidence for the statement that I " think that everything Bush told you about 9/11 on 9/11 was true and has never changed since " .
You 've failed , again , to present that evidence .
But , you seem to have made some up on your own out of whole cloth in the bargain !
Cool !
For example , you then went on to say :
You are the one who has stated time again that there is OVERWHELMING " evidence " ( which I have never seen you provide ) that commercial planes crashed on 9/11 .
I 've " stated " that " time again " have I ? Cool !
Then you should have no problem pointing out where I 've even said it once .
I hope your " research " on 9/11 is a bit more exacting then the evidence bullshit you 've decide to start slinging at me .
Brad .... what " evidence " do YOU have that commercial planes crashed on 9/11 ?
Actually , I have none , nor have ever claimed as much .
I have , however , tried to hold actual public officials ' feet to the fire on similar questions .
On air .
Have you ?
Or are you too busy slinging bullshit and making stuff up about folks to offer anything of any actual value to the debate / discussion / investigation ?
Brad ... your attitude is much different than the last time you read this same information .
Neato .
I 'll look forward to your " evidence " to back up that claim as well .
Try not to make shit up this time in the bargain , k ?
I offered Brad 1 million dollars for verifying something that the whole world accepts as concrete fact ... and all he asks is about " MY " evidence ?!
Yes .
You 're evidence for the accusations you 've made about me .
Clearly you have none .
I suspect that 's something that folks can keep in mind when reading the other shit you present on whatever it is that you 've decided you are an expert in .
Like , for example ...
The members [ of the 9/11 Commission ] have now publicly stated that it was a staged farce .... though I doubt you heard that on your evening news ?
No . I did n't .
But since it was public , I 'm certain you 'll have no problem enlightening our thousands of readers here with a link to same .
On the other hand , since you seem to pull stuff out of your ass with some frequency , I suspect you 'll supply no such link , no such evidence and --- if someone did present you with a piece of a plane said to have crashed on 9/11 --- no million dollars either .
Consider me unimpressed , but please keep up the bad work .
It 'd be swell if you did it elsewhere , however .
Thanks !
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 1/4/2010 @ 6:06 pm PT ...
Renzoku @ 14 said :
This conversation became about 911 when praise for your proper credibility checks on all that Bush II nor OBusha admins have said was accepted and criticism for passive acceptance of of the 911 commission 's report was rejected .
No .
At that point , the conversation became about me .
That 's fine , but you 'd best be prepared to back up your accusations about me when you choose to go down that road , as Dana J. did .
I 'd suggest you not make the same mistake that he did .
But , whoops , too late , I guess !...
Why is it that you accept the 911 commissions report at all let alone whole ?
And you 9/11 folks wonder why nobody takes you as seriously as you wish they would ?
Perhaps it 's because you have a fetish for making shit up .
If you 're going to make accusation about what did or did n't happen on 9/11 , or about folks like myself who have done our best to help find out what did ( I 'll assume you 're unaware of the fact that I 've called for a real investigation of same , that I publicly endorsed the recent NYC ballot initiative for same , etc. ) then it would help if you get your shit straight before you do so .
Credibility is a difficult thing to hang onto .
Once you lose it , as Dana J. now has , and as you are teetering on the brink of , it 's very very difficult to get back .
Proceed wisely .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/4/2010 @ 6:11 pm PT ...
How many times do they think they can do this ?
The military media : New Bin Laden
How can anyone not notice these patterns ?
All of a sudden , a guy with a bomb on an airplane has ties to Yemen AND the new , more powerful Bin Laden is ... wait for it ... from Yemen !
All these things coordinated at the same time in the media .
Get an " expert " who no one checks their background for the TV infomercial http://www.youtube.com/w...;feature=player_embedded
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/4/2010 @ 6:14 pm PT ...
Brigitte Gabriel ( born October 21 , 1964 ) is a Lebanese American journalist , author , activist and speaker on Islam and the Middle East .
She is close to the Lebanese fascist Phalangist movement . [ 1 ] [ 2 ]
Gabriel says Islam keeps Arab countries backward , [ 3 ] [ 4 ] and teaches terrorism . [ 5 ] [ 6 ] [ 7 ]
In order to promote such views , Gabriel founded the American Congress For Truth and ACT ! for America so that citizens may " Fearlessly speak out in defense of America , Israel and Western civilization . " [ 8 ]
She frequently lectures to American conservative - leaning organizations such as The Heritage Foundation , Christians United for Israel , Evangelicals and Jewish groups , and says she gives voice to " what many in America are thinking but afraid to say out loud , for fear of being labeled a racist , bigot , Islamophobic , or intolerant . " [ 9 ]
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brigitte_Gabriel
I know that 's a shocker : she speaks to " Christians united for Israel " .
Calm down !
I know that 's a real shocker .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 1/4/2010 @ 6:15 pm PT ...
I 'm sorry , 99 , but I fail to see where your link provides any " evidence " that 12/25/09 amounted to " state - sponsored terrorism . "
Please explain .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/4/2010 @ 6:16 pm PT ...
Am I the only one who sees something on TV , and goes : " Who the hell is Brigitte Gabriel ? ? ? " and then looks her up ???
Or do people just watch shit on TV and say : " Oooo .... look at what that ' expert ' is saying !!! " ???
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 1/4/2010 @ 6:31 pm PT ...
Dana J. How about this statment Ernie :
There were commercial plane crashes on 9/11 .
Would you ever post a reply that demands evidence and proof of that statement ?
_______________________
Evidence ?
1 . There are videos shot by multiple cameras at multiple angles reflecting that commercial jet aircraft struck WTC - 1 & WTC - 2 on 9/11 --- videos that even the Loose Change folks rely upon .
2 . There are numerous eye witness accounts , all of which substantiate what is depicted on those videos .
3 . There are the passenger manifests , and lists of the crew , for each of the commercial flights , and , setting aside questions of the actual identities of the hijackers , there is the fact that after that morning , none of those passengers and crew --- including the passengers and crew on the flight the government " contends " struck the Pentagon and the flight that crashed in PA --- ever showed up alive .
Their families attended their funerals .
So , tell me , my delusional friend , if no commercial planes crashed on 9/11 --- where did all those people go ?
And why have n't we heard from them --- or do you think they were all spirited away to some CIA dark prison ?
Were all the families of all those passengers and crew in on the conspiracy ?
Seriously , Dana J. , have you ever considered getting some professional counseling ?
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Dana J. said on 1/4/2010 @ 6:34 pm PT ...
I apologize brad .
I will never come back to your site again .
Your suggestion to take my statements , of which you have tried to verify NONE of them , and go elsewhere will be heeded .
I know this is a lost cause .
There were no commercial plane crashes on 9/11 .
Though you knew this already .
You have always known .
I will not come back to this site again .
You have a record of my IP address and visits .
Despite your objection to wild accusations ...... when are you personally going to verify the planes of 9/11 ?
You have always known about the big lie .
The big lie is over .
The world needs your voice now more than ever .
Tell them .... take the lead .
Expose 9/11 and the murderous never ending war on terror as the big lie it is .
Take care Brad .
You and I have many common friends and will meet again in the future .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 1/4/2010 @ 6:51 pm PT ...
Dana J Ernie ... I like your style of trying to keep the conversation focused on your particular argument regarding underwear bombs .
_____________________
It 's called " relevance , " Dana J .
If I ask a witness in court if the grass was green and he begins to tell me that the sky is blue , I ask the judge to strike the response and direct the witness to answer the question .
Brad , in comment # 6 , did no more than ask for any " evidence " that supports the contention that 12/25/09 was an act of state terrorism .
He did not get into issues of the cause of 9/11 .
Think of 12/25/09 as the green grass and 9/11/01 as the blue sky .
Get the picture ?
Yet , your comment # 7 then blasted Brad about an issue --- 9/11 --- that had nothing to do with Brad 's question .
You see , the problem with you self - described " Truthers " --- aside from a proclivity to ignore evidence --- is that your behavior is really quite boorish .
It does n't matter what topic we deal with , Empire , Health Care , Karl Rove , ACORN , voting irregularities .
No matter the topic , you can be counted on to barge in and rudely claim that it 's 9/11 .
It 's always 9/11 !
And nothing else in life matters , but 9/11 .
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 1/4/2010 @ 7:03 pm PT ...
Dana J. @ 32 passive - aggressively said ( an improvement , I suppose , on his previous agressive - aggressive and wholly inaccurate allegations ) : Despite your objection to wild accusations ...... when are you personally going to verify the planes of 9/11 ?
Oh , let me get on that right away for ya , Dana .
I needed an assignment editor here .
Glad you showed up just in time !
Anything else you 'd like me to go take care of for ya ?
And , btw , I 'll note here for the record that you did n't have the courage or decency to bother to either recognize the time that I put that very question , almost verbatim , to the Sr. Attorney of the 9/11 Commission , live on air , nor apologize for your entirely inaccurate allegations about me in the above thread , about what I believe , about what you allege make up that I " stated time again " ( even though I have n't ) , etc .
When you wonder why so few are willing to take the suggestions of folks like yourself seriously , I hope you 'll come back and peruse this thread and realize how stupidly , foolishly , arrogantly and inaccurately you 've determined to alienate folks who might otherwise be on your side .
Jesus .
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 1/4/2010 @ 7:04 pm PT ...
Wow .
Adios , Dana J. Bless you , Ernest , for injecting some facts into this smelly stew .
Brad wrote to Dana J : " On the other hand , since you seem to pull stuff out of your ass with some frequency , I suspect you 'll supply no such link , no such evidence ... "
Right on the money , you are .
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 1/4/2010 @ 7:07 pm PT ...
Heh : " The discussion not being had about the ' War on Terror ' ... "
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Dana J. said on 1/4/2010 @ 7:12 pm PT ...
Last reply to this guy : Ernie writes : " So , tell me , my delusional friend , if no commercial planes crashed on 9/11 --- where did all those people go ? "
There were no commercial plane crashes on 9/11 .
In your hypothetical question of " if " there were no commercial plane crashes on 9/11 you immediately ask .... " where did all those people go ? "
Your heartfelt concern for the safety and well being of those 256 " passengers " is commendable .
Though based on the treasonous crimes of the US military , military owned US media , and the US government ...... over 5 million people have been killed .
Trillions of dollars have been allocated and spent , billions of people have been effected , millions murdered , tortured , and detained idefinately without charges , millions left homeless and spouseless , criminal agencies like TSA , homeland security and patriot acts spring up overnite harming millions , and billions of people will suffer for generations to come in a never ending US global war on a strategy ........ though your first question is ..... What about those 256 " passengers " from a craft which has NEVER been verified ?!!!
( stunningly arrogant and self centered ? )
You claim that you understand the military industrial complex and what they are capable of .
Is staging 9/11 that far fetched ?
Take care my friend whoever you are .
( The reason passengers is in quotations is because until the planes are verified there are NO passengers .... just missing persons .
Thats why there has never been a public trial of anyone involved with 9/11 because the second someone mentioned " passengers " or the " planes " of 9/11 it would be objected to because NOT ONE SINGLE PIECE OF DEBRIS HAS EVER VERIFIED A SINGLE PLANE FROM ANY LOCATION ON 9/11 ?!!!
NO PLANE .... no passengers .
No planes ... no war on terror ? )
Read Ernies post on Comment # 31 .
Instead of planes and crew .... substitute the words UFO spacecraft and alien abduction victims .
Read how silly he sounds by using a standard of " proof " of an airline crash that has never been used before to verify a plane crash in aviation history .
Only verifiable wreckage verifies a plane crash .
Not video , witnesses , or film .... regardless of how many angles there are .
Only verifiable wreckage verifies a plane crash .
There are millions of videos of UFO's , with millions of witnesses , and millions of missing persons that having clearly been obducted by alien spacecraft simply because they are missing ?
Only wreckage can verify a plane crash .
After 9 years ... not one single piece has ever been physically verified from any plane from any location on 9/11 .
Not one single piece .
Coming to terms with the truth that there were no commercial plane crashes on 9/11 will take time .
Up until the 1400's ... the earth was flat .
Saying different would have you killed .
The implications of no commercial plane crashes on 9/11 are as daunting in their scope as 9/11 itself .
It forces you to reexamine EVERY aspect of history with a microscope .
Nothing is off limits .
I promise once again Brad of my last post .
I just wanted to type to this guy .
Take care all .
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 1/4/2010 @ 7:28 pm PT ...
Brad , Dana J @ 32 was classic .
He suggests that it is your responsibility to verify his statements .
Strange , I always thought that when one asserts a given theory it is the proponent 's responsibility to back it up with fact .
Imagine if I came to you and said , " there is no such thing as gravity . "
Now its your responsibility to verify that I 'm right .
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/4/2010 @ 7:33 pm PT ...
Ernie I suppose you need to add in the facts about the embassy getting a head 's up from his father , and that ISI agents , who look Indian to us , regularly do our bidding , work closely with the CIA and put it together that not just any well - dressed man in Amsterdam could get the kid on a plane without a passport .
You can also have missed about the guy videotaping the kid calmly from before and during his lap exploding on him , and that might be affecting how you can say that your brother - in - the - Bar 's protestations do n't amount to evidence .
And it 's pretty flipping weird that not just one , but two men could get on that plane with stuff that would have made a bomb - sniffing dog park itself next to them .
The fact that it is clear we 're being lied to about this incident is another very strong point in favor of state sponsoredness .
I do n't know , have you missed all the screaming by " conspiracy theorists " about all the law enforcement entrapment games involved in just about every arrest for terrorism since 9/11 that it is n't now the very first thing you think of each time ?
Think about it .
The witnesses are all talking about other people obviously involved , on top of the almost completely impossible bit about how the kid could have gotten through after his dad reported him , and there is no other cogent explanation for it .
Do n't you go giving me no legalistic stuff about evidence to convict the state on this .
That 's a cop out in this stuff .
Do n't you do that .
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 1/4/2010 @ 7:42 pm PT ...
Where in the world , Dana J. , did you come up with the strange notion that if there is no debris there was no crash ?
The two planes that hit the twin towers merged into the buildings .
The buildings later collapsed .
Any debris from the crash would have merged in the overheated rubble .
There was debris at the PA crash site .
If a plane crashes at sea and the wreckage sinks to the bottom of the ocean and is never found , does that mean the plane did n't crash ?
If a tree falls in the forest and no human being either hears it fall or comes across the tree , does that mean the tree did n't fall ?
You advance a screwball theory , in the face of videos , eye witnesses and the missing passengers and crew , and the best that you can come up with is UFO abduction ?
I know !
Maybe all those passengers and crew were beamed up to the Starship Enterprise .
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/4/2010 @ 7:45 pm PT ...
He was attending a LANGUAGE school in Yemen , one where people from all over come to learn Arabic , and the director of the school says he was a totally sweet , decent , mild kid .
He 's supposed to have gone to Hadramaout , where there is a popular SUFI school , from there for a few weeks .
If he went to the Sufi School , it 's for dead certain he was n't planning to bomb a flea .
It 's pretty certain anyway , since he was so stunned and frightened and completely non-combative when they jumped him on the plane and dragged him to first class .
The kid did not know his pants were loaded until it was too late .
If he'd known it , he would 've acted differently ... and who the hell would have been videoing him out of everyone in the plane except if they were expecting something to happen to him , and expect that it was n't going to be lethal .
Seriously .
I 'm sorry to have to be talking about all this on a thread where someone 's going to town on the " no planes theory " but that 's just the way the cookie keeps crumbling around here .
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 1/4/2010 @ 7:46 pm PT ...
Let 's just say , 99 , that you 've offered some --- hmmm , what would be charitable --- circumstantial speculation .
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/4/2010 @ 7:50 pm PT ...
There are pictures of a plane engine burning on , I think , Vessy Street on the web somewhere .
And nanothermite would melt / burn / vaporize everything on any plane ... and powderize concrete as well .
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/4/2010 @ 7:52 pm PT ...
Ernie
Other passengers have confirmed all of this stuff , and what " speculation " there is to my position can't be explained any other way than you - know - how .
Cut it out .
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/4/2010 @ 7:54 pm PT ...
Do n't make me put you on my dickless list with Marshall , et al .!
You just do n't want that .
I 'm sure of it !
I 'm not making this up .
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 1/4/2010 @ 7:58 pm PT ...
( I miss the days when a 911 was a Porsche that had some good feelings associated with it ) .
Ahem ....
If I might be so bold , I 'd like to comment on the topic of Brad 's actual post .
This should not be interpreted to mean that I believe the official story about 9/11 , or that I believe Barry Bonds hit all those home runs without a little illegal help , or that I 'm having lots of secret non-consensual sex with neighborhood animals , though I 'm terrified from reading some of the previous posts that someone out there is just waiting to start screaming at me about something or other that I 'm not talking about , do n't believe , and have n't done .
Brad 's original post is vitally important .
The topic of terrorists ' motives is taboo .
Hell , the DEFINITION of terrorism is taboo .
These taboos are widely accepted not only in the corporate media but I think to a disturbing measure by our culture at large .
Never looking at the causes and effects of terrorism helps perpetuate and intensify the madness and mistakes of our current path .
Glenn Greenwald had been writing brilliantly about this .
Brad 's post is right on , also .
Eqbal Ahmad gave a lecture in October 1998 that I still think is the most comprehensive elucidation on the topic .
It 's actually all so simple and clear when you have it laid out for you as Eqbal does in this talk .
What terrorism is .
What causes it .
And how to stop it .
Here it is --
http://vodpod.com/watch/...rrorism-theirs-ours-pt-1
http://vodpod.com/watch/...2?mp=1&pod=khaldunia
http://vodpod.com/watch/...3?pod=khaldunia&mp=1
http://vodpod.com/watch/...4?mp=2&pod=khaldunia
http://vodpod.com/watch/...5?pod=khaldunia&mp=2
It 's called Terrorism : Theirs and Ours .
You can find a transcript of it easily enough , but I recommend listening to the five parts of the lecture ( it 's 50 - 60 minutes all together with a little Q&A ) .
The syntax in the transcipt is a little rough and you really should hear this man talk .
He 's a beautiful and powerful speaker and sounded like one of the sweetest guys in the world .
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... renzoku bb.com said on 1/4/2010 @ 8:37 pm PT ...
Thank you agent99 .
Sorry Dana you could n't keep calmer .
I 'm one of those folk who agree with you and are n't quite alienated yet .
And Brad - wait for it --------------
I am wholly sorry .
You were right and I was wrong .
I assumed that since you gave such credibility to such lame terror reports on this butt bomber that you were letting GE and the corporate / militarist skate on other more fundamental issues like 911 .
I 'm too new to bradblog .
A little further diggin and i got huge respect for what you 've done in the past to bring out facts .
Ok now that 's done .
Right ?
Good .
I did not make this about you .
Hopefully the above makes clear my mistake in that regard .
This is still about the first and worst overt and obvious false flag run by US wolves against US sheeple .
The reason is that the underwear terrorist is just another in this same series and we 're not gonna get one figured without the other ( and probably the rest ) .
Ernie , in terms of 911 , there 's skads of info that makes your questions naive or disingenuous .
FAA investigations preserve the site and all materials .
This Federal Reg was violated immediately and aggressively at all 911 sites for no useful reason .
Governor Keane et al have spoken to this fact .
The buildings were specifically designed to withstand the crash of a heavier aircraft fully fueled and they did so well .
Burning jet fuel combined with aviation aluminum does not make nano thermite .
Steel buildings ( especially those two - take a look at the blueprints and construction videos ) do not collapse from fire .
The WTC buildings are the only 3 in history ( of many steel building fires of much greater heat and duration ) that have ever collapsed due to the fire damage .
Kerosene do n't burn near hot enough to melt steel .
That 's why fire codes have required steel for decades .
Quote Loose Change some more - after watching it again .
Avery pointedly showed video evidence those were not commercial craft .
OK enough details on 911 lies .
This could and should go for hours .
Somewhere else .
Brad , please lemme be an assignment editor for a day and site the conversation here as evidence .
Getting a guest blogger ( and not they likes of Jesse Ventura please ) on about 911 is a good idea .
Ok back to the butt bomber .
Agent99's on the right course .
More and more witnesses are coming out with more and more stories that are making the government recant on more of their original statements .
This one stinks as bad as all the others .
Unfortunately the sheeple are not gonna get the discrepancies in a meaningful timeframe nor context , so OBusha and Brennan will have their excuse for USA Patriot 7.0 .
Papers please .
May we see your papers .
Or better yet , how bout one of those electric bracelets filled with personal private information and a taser that flight crews hold the activation button on before each flight ?
Gotta love the retired US Generals calling for body searches on all brown males between 18 and what 28 ?
The apologies were sincere Brad .
Take em for what they 're worth .
Keep at it Brad and 99 .
See ya in about a week .
Work life calls .
Peace .
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... Bud said on 1/4/2010 @ 8:42 pm PT ...
Brad and Ernest , Juries only believe what makes sense to them .
And what does n't make sense they can't see .
Is that clear ?
This is also why lawyers have no respect for them .
The evidence of 9/11 truth is as clear as day to the non-emotionally stunted intellectually honest .
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... renzoku bb.com said on 1/4/2010 @ 8:47 pm PT ...
God and / or anyone else bless David Lasagna .
Greenwald and Brad are genius , you 're right .
That 's no stroking .
Did n't mention it before since I take Greenwalds , Noam Chomsky 's and Eqbal Ahmad 's point as a given .
I also recognize the likelihood of getting sheeple to understand these points through the filters that GE , Viacom and Murdoch so willingly supply and rule by .
That gets to my point of proving the corporatists ' most fundamental lies to be so fundamentally obvious lies .
Does anyone really think the truth will eventually ( or in 15 years ) come out ?
Yeh , right along side the Warren Commissions sealed files eh ?
It might come out but it wo n't be eventually and it wo n't be without a little help .
Now it 's time for workin folk to sleep .
See ya all in a week with any luck at all .
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... letsbeproactive said on 1/4/2010 @ 8:56 pm PT ...
Should n't we be proactive and plan ahead ?
We 've had the genitalia bomber , what about the rectum bomber ?
He 's sure to show up .
Them non -state terrarists are damn clever !
The TSA screwtiny scanner ( thank ya Jesus , let 's all streak nakid to fight them Islamo terrarists ) wo n't protect us from that .
Immediately we should implement the Four Steps of Never Surrender to Terrorism .
1 . Drop trou .
2 . Drop drawers .
3 . Bend over .
4 . Spread 'em .
What makes more sense , fighting fascism or splitting hairs and playing word games ?
COMMENT # 51 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/4/2010 @ 8:57 pm PT ...
It 's clear some sort of planes hit the WTC towers .
Too many witnesses insisting , too much video from different angles , and the burning plane engine on the street .
It 's 100 % certain a large plane did not hit the Pentagon , and close to 100 % it was a missile , not even a small plane .
People keep making these smartass statements about what then could have happened to the people on the flight / s that did n't hit anything ... and all I can do is remind people that Argentina regularly simply shoved people out of airplanes over the ocean .
No problem flying an airplane into the ocean , either , for anyone determined to have their " next Pearl Harbor " .
Please .
Some of us have spent too many years checking , double checking , triple checking and more for others to still be making all these wild assertions .
And , no , I 'm not going to provide any links because there are thousands of them , they 're all loaded on my dead machine , and anyone who gives a damn about actuality will look them up for themselves .
The straight dope is out there .
If you care , you look ... always with a mind to what best accounts for the observables and who is chronicling the stuff , the veracity of the people making the information available .
If you start out thinking it 's just " conspiracy theorist screwballs " yer brain is blocked from the git and you get nowhere .
You maintain your sense of decency and proportion , you get to fill in all kinds of blanks with real information .
One or the other .
COMMENT # 52 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/4/2010 @ 8:58 pm PT ...
I 'm gonna have to go with fighting fascism over word games .
COMMENT # 53 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/4/2010 @ 9:04 pm PT ...
Señor Lasagna Eqbal 's voice is so sweet , I keep getting drowsy !
COMMENT # 54 [ Permalink ]
... karen said on 1/4/2010 @ 9:17 pm PT ...
hey truthers , regardless of who blew up towers on 911 , there are still plenty of muslims that want to terrorize us ... they would all have to be saints and none of them even a bit radical or crazy , like our rednecks , for not a one of them ever to do anything direct at US after all the white phosphorous in Palestine , drones taking out wedding parties , indiscriminate killing of civilians in Iraq , depleted uranium all over Iraq etc .... I 've got no philosophical block against the idea of false flag events and the proven existence of agent provocateur but its naive to think no arab or islamic people have issues with us , and beyond credulity that none of them would ever act on it in a violent , terrorist , or revengeful way .
And to Brad 's point , the whole reason people promote our foreign wars is based on the idea they somehow will make us safer ... Brad 's point does not contradict your world view ... fighting foreign war or terror does not make us safer , thus : we should not be fighting foreign wars on terror .... something which I think we can agree ... besides , what kind of email rumor is it that none of the standard businessmen on the plane did not buy their tickets with credit cards .. not the " let 's roll " guy the worked for oracle , none of them ?!?!
Show me a realiable source on that .
And be very careful of being played by disinfo ... from what I have seen , truthers orgs are crawling with all kinds of classic shadow govt plants
COMMENT # 55 [ Permalink ]
... jaeasan said on 1/4/2010 @ 9:25 pm PT ...
Following are examples of evidence about 911 from an architect and a former WTC janitor .
I have heard both in person at length in MN : 1 ) http://www.ae911truth.org/
Nearly 1000 architectural and engineering professionals sign this site that explains controlled demolition :: fire , and that the NY tower collapses have all the characteristics of controlled demolition and none of fire .
2 ) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Rodriguez
He spoke in Mpls , explaining that the plane hit 6 sec. after explosions in the basement that severely wounded his colleague .
COMMENT # 56 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 1/4/2010 @ 9:26 pm PT ...
Not to snap right back off topic back after David Lasagna 's above well - writ , golden - in - the - hole attempt to take back this unruly thread , but wanted to add re : 99's undie - bomber comments .
She left out her most compelling CSI moment when within a day or two of this event she linked to the photo of the suspect 's underwear released by the authorities - and they were n't burnt .
At all .
Not even a little bit singed .
WTF ?
Kid's thighs melted away , but the cottony material holding the alleged exploding device / combustible compound looks like it 's been vacuum - embalmed ?!
That was evidence enough for me that whatever they 're telling us , ain't .
Again .
COMMENT # 57 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 1/4/2010 @ 9:38 pm PT ...
Unless Nigerian terrorists wear flame retardant bomb concealing boxers instead of flame retardant bomb concealing briefs .
COMMENT # 58 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/4/2010 @ 9:39 pm PT ...
Yes , I did forget to add in again the part about the barely singed undies , and that is salient as heck .
I 'm just assuming most people have seen that part and that the ones who are disposed to think honestly will recognize upon viewing those undies that something is supremely rotten with this whole story .
I 'm taking the unruliness of the thread as a good sign that nobody cares about Marshall and Rove .
COMMENT # 59 [ Permalink ]
... mick said on 1/5/2010 @ 1:24 am PT ...
And the " syringe " did n't actually look like a melted " syringe " .
Looks more like he was wearing " Depends " and his disposable cigarette lighter caught fire while he was playing with it in his pocket ... ?????????
P.S. One 911 comment , I wonder if the engine found on the street in NY on 911 has had the serial numbers checked against the two planes THAT DID crash into the two WTC buildings .
Would prove the ACTUAL aircraft was the real one .
COMMENT # 60 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 1/5/2010 @ 1:58 am PT ...
99 said : I 'm taking the unruliness of the thread as a good sign that nobody cares about Marshall and Rove .
Just making sure , but you did bother to read the full post to learn that that was the point of it , right ?
That what Marshall and Rove were bickering about is the distraction ?
I just noticed an earlier comment of yours which seems to suggest you did n't get far enough in the original article to learn that either .
Anyway , might want to recheck the article , because I suspect you'd be likely to agree with its general premise .
That said , I 've missed a lot here today as I 've been on the road ALL DAY long , so could only keep up cursorily .
Will try to review more tomorrow with fresher eyes ... After the Green News Report , and after another coupla articles I 've been trying to finish up while on the fly ...
COMMENT # 61 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/5/2010 @ 3:59 am PT ...
Right you are , Brad .
I did not read down to the end .
Only got so far before I hit skim mode and then meltdown mode .
I would agree with its general premise if I were not beside myself that too many are letting this not - a - lap - bomber story turn into all these other arguments .
I am really , really appalled about how few have been willing to headline all the SOLID stuff coming out that points away from this kid being alone , and very possibly not even a bomber at all .
You 've been on the road .
Everyone 's been distracted by the holidays .
So I 'm trying not to go postal for another day or two , but it 's time to snap out of it .
THIS IS HUGELY CONSEQUENTIAL STUFF .
The MSM is propagandizing us into new iterations of endless war , and there 's this kid left twisting with a bunch of obviously involved persons seen all around him , to the point where one really has to doubt if he even knew there was anything in his pants , and it 's getting NO play from our government and almost none from the press .
This is not America .
This is terrifying .
I just got done listening to Chris Hedges incanting about the obscene state of things — the man sucks as a public speaker , and it 's too bad because he 's brilliant — and he just said something to the effect that people defending the Democratic Party are traitors to their country ... and ...
I 'm going to have to say that he 's got a really , really good point .
Obama 's been right out there playing the al - Qa'eda card as fervently as Dubya and Fudd ever did .
Or there 's the outright fascist part about federal prosecutors , Holder 's Justice Department , acting like defense attorneys in the Blackwater gig that just got dismissed ....
The chips are all the way down .
COMMENT # 62 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/5/2010 @ 4:24 am PT ...
Hitting this information , the stuff coming from passenger Haskell and others , right away and harder than ever before is the only remote chance of beginning to turn this propaganda juggernaut around .
We can't just gossip about it while they turn it into millions more dead brown people , and a total police state at home .
Really , you should listen to that hour of Hedges sententious pronouncements .
There 's a lot of stuff in there people should be taking to heart .
The start of it is a bunch of shit about Michael Jackson , but it gets more interesting .
Josh Marshall , for all the good things one might say about him , is vested in playing the mainstream — the machine driving all this war and climate ignoring and ceding of liberty for security — and , given all the givens , who wants to bother with that shit ?
We could even look at it as Marshall helping Rove who is helping Obama .
Yes , dammit , we bloody well could .
COMMENT # 63 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 1/5/2010 @ 6:10 am PT ...
WOW !
This thread has exploded ....
To the 9/11 truthers ... you guys hijacking blog threads with your theories is n't gonna make folks believe you .
I 've been to a bunch of 9/11 truth sites ... there is compelling evidence .
But you guys trolling and spamming blogs with your theorires is n't gonna win friends and influence people ... it only serves to piss people off .
Also the fact that a lot of you guys are acrimonious and come off as downright unlikable just makes your task all the more difficult .
Brad should open a thread dedicated to 9/11 truth so these guys can reasonably and rationally state their case .... namecalling and smearing folks that are n't hearing you just makes you seem ... well .. kind of juvenile .
And no one wants to listen to a bratty kid .
This nation is in crisis almost at almost every turn ... getting the 9/11 truth out there wo n't solve that ...
Maybe you 9/11 truthers should take some time off and develop some people skills ... learn to listen ... It would help your cause immensely .
COMMENT # 64 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 1/5/2010 @ 6:30 am PT ...
Brad # 5 -
Not quite true , son , but I admit there 's something of a lag due to your posting in the middle of my nights ...
COMMENT # 65 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 1/5/2010 @ 7:41 am PT ...
Agent 99 @ 61 That Chris Hedges vid / link is awesome ...
It does n't get any plainer than he succintly spelled it out ...
THANKS !
COMMENT # 66 [ Permalink ]
... Symbiont said on 1/5/2010 @ 8:59 am PT ...
Bluehawk said :
This nation is in crisis almost at almost every turn ... getting the 9/11 truth out there wo n't solve that ...
Maybe you 9/11 truthers should take some time off and develop some people skills ... learn to listen ... It would help your cause immensely .
Second point first : Totally agreed .
There might be a few disinfo agents here and there trying to propagandize thinkers against the 9/11 truth movement by portraying them as angry 12 year olds , but I suspect most of the 9/11 truth ranting really is the genuine product of our inability to listen to one another and to ourselves .
Immaturity , essentially .
Fear also .
The fact that the three WTC buildings were destroyed w/ incendiaries is psychologically and emotionally traumatizing for many , and can lead to a downward spiral of paranoia .
First point second : I do n't necessarily agree that getting 9/11 truth out there wo n't solve the " comprehensive crisis " our country and world are in .
I think it 's actually our best bet for waking up the great mass of slumbering , apolitical , TV - is - my - only - avenue - to - reality people .
9/11 was , in part , a mass deception - and it also happens to be one of the easier deceptions to uncover , since there is so much photographic and forensic evidence .
And once uncovered , it is easy to explain why it matters .
It 's just the beginning , though .
I probably actually mostly agree with you - starry - eyed 9/11 truthers ( such as me ) who think that once the truth is out , we 'll all walk into the sunset of a new utopia - have n't understood history yet .
COMMENT # 67 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 1/5/2010 @ 9:15 am PT ...
SYBIONT @67
Well stated and I hear you ....
But ...
Try and express 9/11 truth to an out of work computer support person whose job has gone to India .... try explaining 9/11 truth to an unemployed person who is two months behind the mortgage ... try getting the attention of a $ 8/ hr diabetic Walmart employee with no healthcare ... try explaining 9/11 truth to a retiree whose pension went up in smoke on wall street .... or try explaining 9/11 truth to a city like Detroit that 's looking more like Chernobyl everyday .
9/11 truth has a place in the discourse .... but it should n't be the focus of that discourse .
COMMENT # 68 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/5/2010 @ 9:36 am PT ...
Olbermann Asking False Flag Questions About Underwear Bomber http://www.youtube.com/w...lg5Q&feature=related
COMMENT #69 [ Permalink ]
... Symbiont said on 1/5/2010 @ 9:53 am PT ...
@ Bluehawk
I hear you .
There is a lot of suffering going on , and to many , talking about the laws of physics with respect to three building collapses eight years ago , seems irrelevant .
Not even irrelevant , just insane .
That 's the problem - it's hard to have conversations with one another , without sounding insane to one another ( sort of the meta - topic and theme of the original post ) .
Folks are ( very understandably , but very regrettably ) fixated on their very narrow worlds - of - pain .
There is little desire to recognize and admit that there are huge forces at work in the world , and it's these forces that create peoples ' conundrums .
To gain the prerequisite freedom and flexibility to transcend our individual conundrums , we have to face reality .
We are in the throes of a comprehensive crisis - ecological , financial , political , martial - but the root of these various crises is spiritual : our turning our backs to the world - as - it - is. I.e. , our narcissism .
( I have , of course , oversimplified everything - I throw these ideas out as possibilities ... )
You mentioned these conundrums :
- unemployed IT person whose job has fled to India
- unemployed person behind on his or her mortgage
- diabetic Walmart employee w/ no healthcare
- retiree whose pension evaporated on Wall Street
- Detroit , analogous to Chernobyl
And I would submit the possibility that 9/11 is a thread that runs through all of these .
Everyone in these types of situations wonders ( deep down )
Why ?
What is 9/11 about ?
It 's about alien forces usurping America ; it 's about the global elite of bankers trying to establish a new world order , and it's about the Israeli - Neocon - military - industrial geopolitical agenda being implemented at home and abroad ( to name two aspects of the same thing ) .
The outsourcing of American jobs , the creation and implosion of the housing bubble , the destruction of the stock market and stock market - tied pensions , the healthcare and wage crisis , Wal - mart - esque corporatism --- they 're all logical and inevitable outcomes ( or deliberate effects ) of the activities and plans of the real forces behind 9/11 .
I do n't have links for any of this ; this is a gigantic topic , and would take books and books .
The point I 'm trying to make for the purpose of the comment is this :
There may be a unifying factor ( or several inter- related unifying factors ) ( and Grand Theory of Everything , to use an astrophysics term ) which both sheds light on all of our individual crises , and also suggests a way forward .
At the current level of our public debate about everything ( healthcare , terrorism , our national debt ) , none of our individual problems will be solved , and they will probably only get worse .
We need to bravely face the root of our problems , and stop tooling around within superficial and contrived pseudo - debates .
9/11 matters - for everyone .
If , as the evidence suggests , 3,000 people were killed in one day as part of an elaborate , but ultimately ill - executed hoax , then we need to call into question our very relationship with reality .
We need to turn off the boob - tube , and turn on the human stuff .
All of us , including the diabetic Wal - Mart employee .
COMMENT # 70 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 1/5/2010 @ 10:39 am PT ...
Dear BlueHawk and Symbiont ,
Beautiful exchange .
Made me have very warm feelings for you both .
In my humble attempt to offer something to address your many and sensible concerns I would like to again offer this Eqbal Ahmad lecture .
Yes , all the strands run together .
Yes , we need to be talking about actual human reality .
As the subject of terrorism is one of the dominant threads of everyone 's existance these days , I think the intelligence and sense offered by this brilliant man contain some of the key pieces for the consciousness raising the world is crying out for .
love ,
Dave http://vodpod.com/watch/...rrorism-theirs-ours-pt-1
http://vodpod.com/watch/...2?mp=1&pod=khaldunia
http://vodpod.com/watch/...3?pod=khaldunia&mp=1
http://vodpod.com/watch/...4?mp=2&pod=khaldunia
http://vodpod.com/watch/...5?pod=khaldunia&mp=2
COMMENT # 71 [ Permalink ]
... Symbiont said on 1/5/2010 @ 11:06 am PT ...
@ Dave
Ah , many thanks !
Love right back at you , human .
Thanks for bringing those vids to our attention again - I will watch them today .
COMMENT # 72 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/5/2010 @ 11:08 am PT ...
Hey , Danny
They come even closer in this one : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nHluAmdp87Y
blaming the most reasonably - construed - as - intentional failure to put the kid on the no fly list on a possible " turf war " between intelligence agencies .
This is way closer to actually stating the most plausible and least palatable scenario than your link ... albeit so lame you 'd laugh if you could stop crying .
Something we should n't forget is that a big percentage of the people letting this lap bomber story sound like it was the big bad al - Qa'eda are doing so because they 're relieved as hell this " rogue network " is sticking to so - called " failed attempts " instead of blowing people up again .
It 's like hostages bargaining for eventual release .
People know what 's going on .
It does n't get much plainer , but they think if they play along that they / we wo n't get blown up again to provide the big excuse for more of this looting and murdering for loot and dropping millions from the middle class for loot and making the rest of us toe the line on pain of taser and arrest for loot .
People think if they pretend this is still America , not a fascist state like Mussolini's Italy and Hitler 's Germany , that that everything might work out right , that the bad guys will be sated and go away at some point if they just play along ... and vote harder ....
They probably do n't like setting up patsies with this kind of regularity — or ever — but console themselves that it 's better than these criminals getting desperate enough to really blow up some planes or more buildings .
So they just stifle their critical thinking and go along , or let themselves listen to Keith dance around it and let that be good enough for them .
Whatever .
All of it is forgetting how many people we — our military and our troops — are slaughtering to corner the markets on natural gas and oil ... to build and hold global hegemony for plutocrats .
Still , this is precisely what our guys died to prevent in WWII , but Americans do n't seem to be fascist killers anymore .
They seem to be into squabbling over celebrities and deliberately manufactured and stoked wedge issues , " hoping " that if they just coöperate in whatever fashion seems most party - appropriate , this will all go away at some point .
COMMENT # 73 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/5/2010 @ 11:23 am PT ...
More dancing around the very edge of the boiling cauldron of " conspiracy theory " ...
I suppose I should take heart that people are trying to come closer in print and on the air ... but ... I 'm not .
COMMENT # 74 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/5/2010 @ 1:07 pm PT ...
Shanksville Mayor says no plane debris at Flight 93 crash site .
http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=384_1172109857
COMMENT # 75 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/5/2010 @ 1:11 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 76 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/5/2010 @ 1:13 pm PT ...
And there was no picture of a plane at the pentagon , the most video taped place in the world .
No video of a plane .
COMMENT # 77 [ Permalink ]
... D. Bunker said on 1/5/2010 @ 6:52 pm PT ...
Since only a couple of people have replied directly to Mr. Canning 's request for evidence the Undiebomber was a false flag operation , here 's more : http://www.mlive.com/new...passenger_kurt_hask.html
While the story emphasizes a second person , the important fact to focus on is the witness 's statements about how the bomber was escorted around security without showing a passport and while being misrepresented as a " Sudanese refugee " or somesuch .
This smacks if high level diplomatic or ( more likely ) intelligence involvement .
So , if this witness is to be believed , I think we need to consider the rather unsavory implications of these facts .
COMMENT # 78 [ Permalink ]
... Symbiont said on 1/5/2010 @ 8:15 pm PT ...
@ Dave again
Ahmad 's lecture was really good - thanks again for sharing .
This is a good introductory glimpse behind the fog of the absurdly named global war on terror .
His policy recommendations are spot on ( e.g. no covert actions ; this is really key ) .
Deeper analysis , of course , can be made , for example , the link between globalized corporatism and state - sponsored terror ...
Re : discussion on the Undie Bomber and whether this was a false - flag .
Could be ; probably is ; the evidence is n't conclusive yet .
In any case , it probably does n't matter --- there are enough clear historical examples of false flag attacks sponsored by the US empire to demonstrate that this is the kind of biz they are in ( so if this is yet another example , that does n't tell us much , except that they 're still at it , which we obviously already knew ) --- while on the other hand , if this turns out to be a " real " terrorist attack ( and our intelligence organizations are truly and criminally incompetent ) , then that does n't imply any great shift in our thinking or policy either .
There is no need to " get hysterical " about it , or to attack Yemen ( from the standpoint of pure American interest , which of course , is irrelevant to the special interest groups who want to expand our war on terror there and anywhere ) .
( Whatever happened to that good ol ' British saying of WWII : " Keep calm and carry on " - can anyone imagine any Republocrats saying anything like that ? )
To me , what 's really interesting is the public response to this perceived attempt at terror .
The response of our " leaders " has been disturbingly bizarre ( albeit predictable ) - and highly fascinating .
So it heartens me to see a few Dems , and some MSNBC heavyweights , publicly lash out at the insanity of the Cheney - esque response .
I think it 's becoming more and more obvious to people that the Neocon worldview is not serious , and that the only thing it offers its adherents is increasingly comical hysteria .
COMMENT # 79 [ Permalink ]
... Symbiont said on 1/5/2010 @ 8:21 pm PT ...
( oh - and as Jared Diamond ( I think ) pointed out , the Easter Islanders were still building gigantic stone statues , even as they were literally cutting down their very last trees and eating each other ...
Cheney and his anti-Obama pronouncements , the Neocon call - to - hysteria in response to the foiled Christmas bombing ... these are just grotesque statues , built out of nothingness , signifying nothing but a tribute to the arrogance of an already - overshot tribe of people ( the Neocons ) living on what they think is an island ( America can do whatever it wants , and there will never be consequences ! ) )
COMMENT # 80 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/5/2010 @ 8:49 pm PT ...
While I 'm sure you mean our society should n't be becoming hysterical about it , the way it 's hysterical about it , I think we should be way beyond hysterical about all the young men we are setting up and torturing and holding without charges , et cetera , et cetera , et cetera , and the millions of people dead and displaced because of this stuff .
Yes .
I really think we should be wildly unreasonable about those things , but ... as someone mentioned recently ...
We Must Be Insane .
COMMENT # 81 [ Permalink ]
... mick said on 1/5/2010 @ 9:37 pm PT ...
" We Must Be Insane . "
No , I think Apathy is the biggest problem , people do n't give a shit about anything until it impacts them directly .
Game over !
COMMENT # 82 [ Permalink ]
... Symbiont said on 1/5/2010 @ 9:41 pm PT ...
@ Agent 99
I think the phrase we 're looking for , instead of " hysterical , " is " ALL FIRED UP . "
I agree with you --- we should be totally enraged and shouting on the rooftops ( in a word , ALL FIRED UP ) about our government torturing and unconstitutionally detaining people and killing millions of innocent civilians and displacing so many others ...
... yet hardly care .
A lot of us do n't even know about these things , and for those who do , it probably just ( insanely ) feels unreal - civilian deaths in Iraq , Afghanistan , Pakistan - that 's just happening in TV - Land .
Stuff like that used to happen way back in History - Land and Bible - Land , but what 's REALLY happening in the Here and Now is Tiger Woods is getting cray - cray for his bay - bays ...
COMMENT # 83 [ Permalink ]
... Symbiont said on 1/5/2010 @ 9:44 pm PT ...
Mick said : people do n't give a shit about anything until it impacts them directly Slight corrective :
People do n't give a shit about anything until they REALIZE it impacts them directly .
The tragedy is all this shit that is going down everywhere has profound implications for all of us , but we 've been rendered incapable of even thinking about what 's in our best interest , much less talking rationally about it .
Sick !
Now I 'm getting all fired up again ...
COMMENT # 84 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/5/2010 @ 10:38 pm PT ...
All fired up would do , but I really meant it about the hysteria .
The awfultude of it should , by now , have us outright hysterical against the Constitution breakers and warmongering fiends .
It 's so bad I suspect them of dusting us with soporifics ... or ... where 's my foil helmet ?... blasting us with stupid rays ....
COMMENT # 85 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/5/2010 @ 10:46 pm PT ...
Running around , wildly screaming and crying and completely out of control hysterical ... gibbering and screeching and tearing out tufts of hair and body slamming buildings and lampposts .
Come completely untrained .
Accomplish the revolution by making them all run off to , say , sunny Dubai , to escape the mass hysteria .
COMMENT # 86 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/5/2010 @ 11:28 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 87 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/6/2010 @ 12:19 am PT ...
Ernie I just now bumped into this all on complete and utter accident .
COMMENT # 88 [ Permalink ]
... FreedomOfInformationAct said on 1/6/2010 @ 12:40 am PT ...
Conservatives Should Learn To Use ' The Google ' Before Claiming Obama Does n’t Use The Words ‘ Terror ’ Or ‘ Terrorism ’
http://thinkprogress.org...ervatives-google-terror/
COMMENT # 89 [ Permalink ]
... Symbiont said on 1/6/2010 @ 8:10 am PT ...
Agent 99 said : Running around , wildly screaming and crying and completely out of control hysterical ... gibbering and screeching and tearing out tufts of hair and body slamming buildings and lampposts .
Come completely untrained .
Accomplish the revolution by making them all run off to , say , sunny Dubai , to escape the mass hysteria .
Ohhhhhhh , I gotcha .
Right .
Not to split semantic hairs here or anything , but my personal lexicon has that listed as : GOING BERZERK !
Which is always an option .
COMMENT #90 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 1/6/2010 @ 8:46 am PT ...
Dear Symbiont --
Thanks for listening to Eqbal Ahmad .
Brad 's post here was making the point that nobody 's talking about the motives of the terrorists .
And how obviously important that is and shortsighted that we 're not .
Then we here at Bradblogistan were n't talking about motives either , perhaps reflecting the culture at large , prefering to talk about everything else .
I heard Eqbal 's lecture maybe seven years ago and thought fucking hell , people should know this shit .
THIS is what we should be talking about .
And I agree , the analysis can go deeper but as an essential primer to understanding the topic Eqbal 's the dude .
So thanks for giving him a listen .
I was n't getting much response and had begun pulling my computer 's hair out in a fit of berserk hysteria .
COMMENT #91 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 1/6/2010 @ 9:39 am PT ...
To David Lasagna : A special thanks for the links to Eqbal Ahmad's , “ Terrorism , Theirs and Ours . ”
I intend to work part of that into a piece I am now writing .
COMMENT # 92 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 1/6/2010 @ 10:30 am PT ...
Dear Ernest Canning ,
You 're most welcome .
Thanks for taking the time to listen to them .
COMMENT #93 [ Permalink ]
... wilson said on 1/6/2010 @ 12:01 pm PT ...
" Brad Friedman said on 1/4/2010 @ 8:59 am PT ...
Wilson said :
The underwear bomb was state sponsored terror against us .
Really ?
Which state ?
And what 's your evidence for the allegation ?
Thanks in advance ! "
Check this out Brad , http://www.globalresearc...context=va&aid=16768
COMMENT # 94 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 1/6/2010 @ 1:21 pm PT ...
Wilson @ 93
That 's a very good article you linked to .
COMMENT #95 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 1/7/2010 @ 7:44 am PT ...
Wilson @ 93 : I appreciate your link to Joe Quinn's “ ’ The Underwear Bomber ’ : Crushing Freedom With Phony Arab Terrorism ” .
Quinn points to circumstantial evidence in support of his " theory " that the " underwear bomber , " Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab " was not a terrorist ; that 12/25/09 was a " false flags " event .
That circumstantial evidence includes the fact that Abdulmutallab was the son of one of the richest men in Africa ; that he allegedly evaded security courtesy of strings pulled by a “ well - dressed Indian man ; ” that " security " at the Amsterdam airport was provided by the same Israeli company who failed to stop Richard Reid , the infamous shoe bomber ; that the bomb itself could not have been detonated by flames .
All of these facts do raise " questions " but none of them " prove " the theory .
While a wealthy background would be atypical of your " typical terrorist " profile , the fact is that the children of wealth sometimes do atypical things .
Take , for example , Casey Johnson , the daughter of New York Jets owner Woody Johnson and heiress to the Johnson & Johnson fortune , recently found dead at the age of 30 .
You would n't expect such an individual to face burglary charges , but , as reported by the Los Angeles Times , Johnson , had she lived , would be facing first degree burglary charges relating to a break - in at the home of her girlfriend where she allegedly stole " $ 22,000 in clothing , jewelry , handbags , personal mail and other items . "
It is quite possible that Abdulmutallab passed security with a wink and a nod , but it is also plausible that wealth and influence secured the seat without inside knowledge .
The fact that the device could not be detonated by a simple flame may simply reflect that Abdulmutallab had no formal training ; that he was an unstable rich kid wanna - be whose attempt was doomed to failure because he lacked basic knowledge regarding the explosives in his underwear .
While all this talk about false - flags is interesting , it misses the core point of Brad 's piece --- that there is a growing number of people in the Middle East who want to find ways to harm us because we , through the ongoing slaughter carried out by our government in the name of the so - called " Global War on Terror " have inflicted terror on them .
While I do n't have a problem with raising the question as to whether this , or 9/11 , are , indeed , " inside jobs , " as so many in the self - described " 9/11 Truth " movement believe , I am concerned that the exploration of that question obscures a basic fact --- that Americans must not permit these incidents , whether real or concocted , to translate into support for continuation and escalation of the irrational " Global War on Terror . "
COMMENT #96 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 1/7/2010 @ 9:05 am PT ...
Would like to add an amen , amen and underline to Ernie 's - there is a growing number of people in the Middle East who want to find ways to harm us because we , through the ongoing slaughter carried out by our government in the name of the so - called " Global War on Terror " have inflicted terror on them .
This truth needs to be spoken out loud and repeatedly in all kinds of company .
Motive .
Motive .
Motive .
These are not robot / devil / aliens who want to harm us .
These are human beings .
This goes back to a previous thread 's discussion about the possibility of including / reaching / understanding / finding common cause with the " others " .
In that conversation the " others " were our very own teabaggers .
I think there is a similar dynamic at play with our " enemies " from other countries .
They are not being listened to or treated like people who have anything reasonable to say or complain about .
They are summarily dismissed with the shallowest , most non-thinking explanations .
To consider them as human beings is unthinkable .
To do so would be to acknowledge our own considerable contribution to the ever increasing enmity towards us so evident in the world .
It would require taking some RESPONSIBILITY for the creation of a world in which increasing numbers wish us ill .
Americans of all political stripes love to TALK about taking responsibility , but precious few of us actually walk the walk .
Too difficult .
Too scary .
Too real .
Requires too much change .
In my opinion , that is exactly where we have to go .
Right on up to and through all those psychological / emotional / culturally acclimatized obstacles .
With our eyes , hearts , and intellects wide open to listen , respond , and create .
And it 's exactly where we have to enjoin others and " others " to go with us .
COMMENT #97 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/7/2010 @ 7:05 pm PT ...
I wonder which approach to not permitting these incidents to escalate and perpetuate the GWOT would be more effective : making a hairy deal out of the hugely salient facts being covered up ; or writing a blog post about how unhelpful some bloggers are about it ....
I 'm pretty sure moving the herd involves cutting oneself from it to a certain extent .
One can't just moo slightly off key and expect it to turn the stampede .
COMMENT #98 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/7/2010 @ 7:16 pm PT ...
To sin is human ; to justify sins is demonic .
— Tolstoy
COMMENT #99 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 1/7/2010 @ 8:04 pm PT ...
Agent 99 -- Could you try comment # 97 again in different words ?
Feel like I need a translation on that one .
I think I 've read every comment in this thread and thought I was having at least some understanding of where everyone was coming from whether I agreed with them or not , and I normally get you loud and clear , I think , but in # 97 I have no idea ( like to which other posts you 're referring ) what you 're talking about .
Since it came right after one of mine I was trying to figure out if you were talking to me , but could n't make sense of it that way .
Are you talking to me ?
Ernie ?
Somebody else ?
Could you clarify , please .
COMMENT # 100 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/7/2010 @ 9:15 pm PT ...
I was talking to everyone , springing off Ernie 's punchline in the comment before yours , David .
I 'm saying that not screaming about the covered up involvement of at least three others , which points very heavily toward this being state sponsored , is much more likely to have the effect of ending the escalation of the GWOT than , say , this blog post ... or even a bunch like it .
What explains a disinclination to get noisy about something as egregious as statements by passengers , that have been confirmed by other passengers , statements about such salient things and still not being addressed by our government or media ?
Who would want to be quiet about that ?
Why ?
There are arbiters of a mainstream and if they do n't open a path to truth for the herd , some wo n't cut themselves from it to open one , feeling it safer to just moo off key while being stampeded off a cliff .
That is to say , to grouse about it without being too noticeably adamant .
Americans are the herd .
The arbiters of the mainstream are the herders .
The GWOT is the cliff .
My emphasis is on effectiveness against being herded off a cliff .
You can't be a bovine in the herd and turn it before it stampedes off the cliff .
But if you leave the herd , you get noticed ... by the doomed herd , yes , but also by the ones with the cattle prods , those dooming the herd .
In a fascist state this is dangerous .
I hop up and down about how much less dangerous it is than going off that cliff , but apparently it 's preferable to maintain dignity while stampeding off it than to make so gauche as to change course and weather criticism from those enjoying so much popularity in the stampeding herd .
COMMENT # 101 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/7/2010 @ 9:51 pm PT ...
We 're given the gift of catching the War Party in the middle of another monstrous whopper , with the obvious goal of getting mass support for more mass murderation , but we give that a pass because ... because why ?
COMMENT # 102 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 1/7/2010 @ 10:24 pm PT ...
Thanks for the clarification , 99 .
From what I 've looked at so far on underpantsgate I just can't tell what the hell is really going on .
I 'm with you that the explanations so far do n't jive , but that could mean any number of wacky , weird things .
There is so much craziness .
You can't make up shit crazier than what a government , or an individual , or group of individuals will do .
It 's not hard for me to begin to imagine any number of wacky scenarios on this one .
I have to wait and see if more comes out .
You seem convinced about what the reality is here .
I have n't been , yet .
In the meantime , I wanted to not lose sight of the original post because that 's something that also needs to be pushed and realities there are not so open to interpretation .
They 're just not discussed much .
But , indeed , let 's all keep pushing .
Thanks for the courtesy of your response .
COMMENT # 103 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/7/2010 @ 11:09 pm PT ...
You 're welcome .
But , no , a bunch of passengers on the subject flight are convinced of some facts the government is not addressing ... publicly .
In fact , one of those passengers is convinced the government is trying to find ways to discredit his testimony .
Since too few — and most saliently none with any following in the media , old or new — are making any kind of a deal about this , it will devolve very quickly into whatever the government says it is , with a few " conspiracy theorists " yipping about crazy stuff because they have this need to oppose authority or something .
We 're already there !
If there is no concerted effort to bullhorn this , the herd is still stampeding off that cliff ... might as well stop imagining scenarios and just resign oneself to swallowing whole whatever the warmongers want you to swallow .
This never turns around until the herd turns around .
COMMENT # 104 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 1/8/2010 @ 8:44 am PT ...
Agent 99 .... good stuff ...
Personally I think this confusion of the " facts " of the underwear incident is manufactered chaos .
All the while the MSM is pounding the drums incessantly about " the terror threat " .
The only thing people are hearing is " the terror threat " and they are tuned out to the gritty details that would unravel this false flag .
I like the analogy of being herded off a cliff and people only " mooing off key " not being enough to stop the stampede ... great stuff there 99 .
I too have been concerned about preserving my dignity ... When vain dignity is what 's killing us .
Wanting to appear reasonable and rational when the vehicle ( America ) is hurtling into a concrete bridge abutment ...
I 've turned off the news lately ... along with almost all external input to be able to soak this all in .
The vibe I 'm getting is ... well it 's not comfortable ... it 's dark and dire ... it's 3rd act stuff ...
This year is the turning point ... my hope is that we awaken soon and turn to stampede the robots with the cattle prods ...
COMMENT # 105 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 1/8/2010 @ 9:20 am PT ...
Dear Agent 99 , You sound upset and I can relate .
I 've been upset the way ( I think ) you sound about a million times since Howard Zinn got me started years and years ago on this rollercoaster of going deeper .
Go deep down and discover something you know would make a difference if known , come out high and start screaming .
Oh look , nobody 's listening .
Oh look , people are annoyed cuz you 're bothering their trance state .
Rinse and repeat .
And repeat .
And repeat .
At the same time , I think you know that there are quite a few of us out here , I 'd say even a growing number , who will never be resigning ourselves to swallowing whole whatever the government wants us to .
Can you imagine yourself doing that ?
I can't .
Do n't worry there will soon enough be another completely fucked up situation that will be spun at us and maybe that time around the critical number will be ready to turn with you away from the cliff and start on a new more resilient and life affirming path .
Or maybe we 'll all know how to hang glide by then .
COMMENT # 106 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 1/8/2010 @ 9:34 am PT ...
p.s. Yesterday I ran into the carpenter from the carpenter 's union who'd given me some reasonable reasons a few weeks ago for supporting Martha Coakley in the special election primary for Kennedy 's senate seat .
We had a nice little meeting on the sidewalk there , exchanging pleasantries as it were , and as he was walking away this Boston carpenter said something to the effect that none of these politicians were really gonna be doing it for him and if he had his way we'd be supporting someone more like Hugo Chavez .
I gave him a big double thumbs up and an exclamation of solidarity .
Chavez is one of my heroes .
It was an unexpected validation of my own political worldview from a chance sidewalk meeting with a working class Boston carpenter .
I am not alone .
The whole exchange gave me a nice little shot of hope .
COMMENT # 107 [ Permalink ]
... Dave Thomas said on 1/9/2010 @ 3:50 pm PT ...
Billy Mays become a rich man before he died selling junk to 9 - 11 truthers .
They buy anything .
COMMENT # 108 [ Permalink ]
... renzoku bb.com said on 1/9/2010 @ 9:42 pm PT ...
Agent 99 .
Thank you much .
Excellent focus .
Has anyone read Naomi Klein ?
Shock Doctrine goes into many examples of the fascists hard at work .
Studied and many times practiced work .
Fascists in Pinochet 's regime are a great case in point - actually schooled - at university - in justifying and continuing their fascist driven economy into the ground .
Klein's as skilled and clear as Diamond is in Collapse .
My point here is that each of these messed up attacks on the herd by the neocon and neolib slaughter bent cliff drivers are easily transacted and exploited .
Consolidating fascist power off natural and unnatural disasters is the plan and goal .
Katrina = 911 = Iraq looting = Gaza blockade = tsunami = global climate change = any lame pretense of terrorist attack .
No apoligies given for bringin up 911 .
Mooing off key does n't get it .
And there too , blaming the rest of the herd for not caring when not effected does n't get it either .
Like that Boston carpenter and most folk I work with ( making from $ 20 k to $ 100 k / yr ) they get it .
If not as detailed as the writers here , they get it .
They also get that it affects them directly .
They also know how little they can do about it .
Oh yeh protests in the street and all make us feel good and look great ( if and when Murdoch , google or whoever choose to allow us to glimpse the truth - anyone google Tiennemen from inside China and compare the results to googles from outside China lately ? ) .
The mad herd drivers are expecting and welcoming such actions .
And yes some foreign victims of Western Government sponsored terror ( aka corporate bombing and mercenary attacks ) do become sincere terrorists bent on destroying Americans .
And that is by design .
It 's the whole point of bombing and starving Gazans .
What chance has the Israeli government without suicide bombers attacking the homeland ?
And to be sure the Patriot Act names domestic protesters as terrorists .
Regardless of non-violent approaches .
So the question is still how to turn the herd .
Marshall is obviously not interested in such work .
He Rove and others are intent on keeping long screeds to each other like this one going so we can be much less effective at coming to terms with their false flag attacks ( against ours and others ' peoples ) than they are at executing them .
Until we come to much better terms with each other and with reality , we wo n't come close to keeping up with , let alone preventing the fascists from terrorizing further and consolidating power more .
Again , has anyone read Naomi Klein ?
COMMENT # 109 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/9/2010 @ 10:00 pm PT ...
Yes , I think just about everyone here has read Naomi Klein .
As for coming to terms , I think most are turning to denial ... veering off topic , so to speak .
Maybe reading the other Naomi , Naomi Wolf , would help that ... or maybe the problem is that everyone 's read both of them and denial is still their coping mechanism .
COMMENT # 110 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 1/10/2010 @ 2:11 pm PT ...
renzoku bb.com @ 108
Until we come to much better terms with each other and with reality , we wo n't come close to keeping up with , let alone preventing the fascists from terrorizing further and consolidating power more .
The fascists are as consolidated as they can ever be .
They 're practicing terror in at least 3 - 4 theaters now that we 're aware of .
They 're mentally terrorizing us with their " terror " alerts .
They have complete control of the economy and media ...
Fascism in America is as real now as cold weather in January .
This is the 3rd act ...
We 're in a post fascist time now ... not a " preventing fascism " time .
That 's one mental note we have to remember ... we 're not trying to stop what 's already happened .
COMMENT # 111 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/10/2010 @ 4:13 pm PT ...
Dec. 18 , 2009  -- Ayman al - Zawahiri , Osama bin Laden 's second - in - command , has been a regular presence on Islamic web sites for years , releasing statements and videos via al - Qaeda 's propaganda arm that blast the West and urge Muslims to wage holy war .
Now his wife may have joined the family business .
In what is thought to be her first public statement , Omaima Hassan published a statement on Islamic web sites Thursday that encouraged " Muslim sisters " to assist with jihad , but only in suitably feminine ways .
She called supporting jihad " an obligation for all Muslims , men and women . "
ABC
News could not independently confirm the authenticity of the statement .
In the seven - page letter , after assuring friends and family that she and her husband are safe and well , Hassan outlines the ways in which women can assist their men with jihad .
Hassan suggests that women work side by side in defending Islam with their men , but underlines that the most important role for women is to support male mujahideen by caring for their children .
" Jihad is an obligation for every man and woman , " wrote Hassan , " but the way of fighting is not easy for women . "
" Our main role -- that I ask God to accept from us -- is to preserve the mujahideen in their sons , and homes , and their confidentiality , and to help them raise / develop their children in the best way . "
But Hassan also suggests that women can become suicide bombers , which she refers to as " martyrdom missions . "
Hassan also urges women to wear hijabs , or head coverings , and to ignore Western media .
Zawahiri , an Egyptian - born doctor , is a polygamist who has had at least four wives , two of them widows .
Fundamentalist Islamic doctrine allows men to have up to four wives at one time .
Zawahiri's first wife , Azza , who bore him six children , was killed in a U.S. airstrike in Kandahar , Afghanistan in 2001 .
" My favorite wife 's chest was crushed by a concrete ceiling , " Zawahiri later wrote .
In 2008 , Zawahiri sparked controversy when he said in a two - hour recorded interview posted on a web site that Al Qaeda did not have women members , and that the role of women in jihad was limited to taking care of the children of fighters and maintaining their homes .
Earlier this week , Zawahiri released his own statement , in which he blasted Egyptian and Palestinian leaders and expressed his support for Omar Abdel Rahman , Ramzi Yousef and Khalid Sheikh Muhammad , who are all in U.S. custody .
On Thursday , Al Qaeda 's propaganda arm also released a 65 - page book by Zawahiri called " The Morning and the Lantern , " in which he criticizes the Pakistani government .
Zawahiri is believed to be in Pakistan .
Rehab El - Buri contributed to this report .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
There are many ways you can get involved in meaningful and fun environmental activities through Sarasota Audubon Society .
Become a member , attend a day trip or visit us at a
BEIJING -- Two - time NBA All - Star
Stephon Marbury will become the highest profile American to
play in the Chinese Basketball Association after he
agreed to join the league 's Shanxi club .
The 32 - year - old , a free agent since leaving the Boston Celtics last season , had agreed to a deal with the northern club
and would arrive in Shanxi next week , the team announced on
its official Web site .
" The aim of signing Marbury is to pay back our fans and try
to win more games in the rest of the season , " said Shanxi boss
Wang Xingjiang .
The 2001 and 2003 NBA All - Star was expected to help boost
Shanxi's ticket sales as well as their chances of making the
playoffs .
Shanxi is currently 15th in the 17 - team league .
In an interview posted on Shanxi 's Web site , Marbury said he was n't daunted by the language barrier .
" I 'll communicate with the fans through my basketball , " Marbury said .
" I think this will be a unique experience .
To go overseas to play ball , to live , for me it 's a challenge . "
Wang added that Marbury 's salary would not be too high
because the former New Jersey Nets and Phoenix Suns player
wanted to promote his personal brand of shoes in China .
Celtics coach Doc Rivers said he is n't surprised Marbury is back on the court .
" I did not think he was done , " Rivers said .
" I thought someone would actually pick him up this summer .
I think he 's going over there probably to prove that he can play . "
" If he goes over there and shows what he did here , " said Celtics guard Ray Allen , " then I do n't think his time in the [ NBA ] is done . "
Shanxi last season hired former NBA player Bonzi Wells , who
scored as many as 50 points a game .
The contract ended after
less than two months when Wells went on vacation but failed to
return on time .
Information from Reuters and ESPNBoston.com 's Chris Forsberg was used in this report .
Semantic types : a fresh look at the ideal model for types , Jerome Vouillon and Paul - AndrÃ© MelliÃ¨s .
POPL 2004 .
We present a generalization of the ideal model for recursive polymorphic types .
Types are defined as sets of terms instead of sets of elements of a semantic domain .
Our proof of the existence of types ( computed by fixpoint of a typing operator ) does not rely on metric properties , but on the fact that the identity is the limit of a sequence of projection terms .
This establishes a connection with the work of Pitts on relational properties of domains .
This also suggests that ideals are better understood as closed sets of terms defined by orthogonality with respect to a set of contexts .
A couple of days ago , we had a post about game models of linear logic , which led to a discussion of Girard 's ludics .
One of the key ingredients of ludics is the idea of biorthogonality , which is the idea that the semantics of types should be stable under biorthogonality .
Now , the idea of biorthogonality is that for every term in a language has an orthogonal -- the set of client programs with which our term will run safely together .
A set of terms is a biorthogonal when it is equal to the orthogonal of its orthogonal .
The reason this idea is interesting is that it offers a way to sensibly pass back and forth between a local , proof - theoretic notion of " type as intro and elim rule " and a global , semantic notion of type as " predicate on terms " .
This paper offers a relatively accessible entry point to those ideas , assuming you 're familiar with the basic ideas behind either solving domain equations or doing logical relations proofs .
SELDOVIA , Alaska
ON a trip to the Yucatán Peninsula in Mexico during spring break , Bretwood Higman and Erin McKittrick found themselves on a beach , holding a battered tourist map .
Sick of the collegiate shenanigans around them , Mr. Higman suggested they ditch the bars , take the map and walk the 30 miles of shoreline to the next town .
“ The beach is probably continuous , right ? ” Ms. McKittrick remembers him saying .
To his surprise , Ms. McKittrick , whom he had met while they were studying at Carleton College outside of Minneapolis , was game .
“ That was a defining moment , ” said Mr. Higman , now 33 ; he knew Ms. McKittrick was the one .
Ten years later , they are married , have an 11 - month - old son and have walked more than 7,000 miles together .
“ When we got together , it was more than the sum of the parts , ” said Ms. McKittrick , 30 .
“ Much more . ”
Their last monumental trip took an entire year , during which they covered more than 4,000 miles of both urban and untouched terrain in Alaska , Washington and Canada by foot , raft and ski .
Ms. McKittrick ’s account of the adventure , “ A Long Trek Home , ” was published in October .
Last night Jon Stewart took a look back at Glenn Beck and Sarah Palin ’s wingnut orgy that aired on Fox News the other night , the one in which they begged SNL to let them host the show , and he made note of the fact that Beck may be so insane that even Sarah Palin fears him .
Whatever , I still say that Beck and Palin will have an affair that ’ll be rooted out by the National Enquirer within two years .
Bet on it .
The first meeting of the loftily named U.S. - Russia Bilateral Presidential Commission 's Civil Society Working Group took place in Washington , D.C. , on Jan. 27 .
Russian presidential first deputy Vladislav Surkov is the group 's co-chair — despite a letter of protest signed by 71 GOP members of the U.S. Congress pointing out that Mr. Surkov is " one of the masterminds behind Russia 's authoritarian course . "
The letter urged President Obama ( in vain , as it turned out ) to boycott the meetings until Mr. Surkov was replaced , perhaps ...
General Motors , which emerged from a government - ordered bankruptcy restructuring earlier this year , will begin paying back its debt to the United States and Canadian governments earlier than expected , a person with direct knowledge of G.M. ’s plans said Sunday night .
The company , which received $ 50 billion in government financing to avoid collapse , will make its first payment of $ 1.2 billion toward $ 6.7 billion of senior debt at the end of December , this person said on the condition of anonymity .
About 85 percent of that will be paid to the United States government , and 15 percent to Canada .
Of the $ 1.2 billion , $ 1 billion will go to the American government and $ 200 million to Canada .
G.M. will continue the payments in each quarter thereafter , until that debt is repaid .
Of G.M. ’s bailout package , an initial $ 13.4 billion was money made available , with strict conditions , in December by the Bush administration under the Troubled Asset Relief Program .
A co-founder of the company that created the “ Baby Einstein ” videos has asked a judge to order the University of Washington to release records relating to two studies that linked television viewing by young children to attention problems and delayed language development .
“ All we ’re asking for is the basis for what the university has represented to be groundbreaking research , ” the co-founder , William Clark , said in a statement Monday .
“ Given that other research studies have not shown the same outcomes , we would like the raw data and analytical methods from the Washington studies so we can audit their methodology , and perhaps duplicate the studies , to see if the outcomes are the same . "
Mr. Clark said that he had been seeking the information for years , but that the university had either denied his requests or failed to be fully responsive .
A spokesman for the university said its lawyers had not yet read the complaint and could not comment on the complaint .
One of the most stunning mea culpas following the financial crisis was former Fed chairman Alan Greenspan 's admission in October 2008 that he had put too much faith in the free market to regulate itself .
His reputation damaged , Greenspan is hitting back .
In an interview with FORTUNE ’s Geoff Colvin , Greenspan takes on his critics and says the housing bubble was a “ once- in - a - century event . ”
Colvin writes , “ [ Greenspan ] believes the case against him is wrong .
What is surprising is how deeply he analyzes the debate .
He studies the data and is confident it will exonerate him .
He is marshaling his facts and will present his data - driven analysis in a 12,000 - word article , but has n't said when .
Of course he does n't like what 's happening to his reputation , yet he seems sure that when this recession is past and informed people can look at the whole picture dispassionately , they 'll agree that he did n't cause the crisis and could n't have prevented it . ”
Some highlights :
On his “ business life , ” Greenspan tells FORTUNE : " My actual business life has n't changed since 1948 ... The only thing that has changed is my employer ... I have fewer meetings and spend less time on uninspiring matters . "
He describes his current role as “ studying data and trying to figure out how the world works . ”
On one of his staunchest critics and his good friend John Taylor , who has written scholarly papers intended to show that badly misguided Fed actions under Greenspan created the housing bubble : " He is a very good friend .
But his evidence does n't show what he says it shows . "
On the housing bubble : " Mortgage rates started moving down six months before we lowered the Fed funds rate . "
On the breakdown in the financial system : " Counterparty surveillance failed to protect the system this time ... I always thought it would .
I held that belief for 60 years . "
On whether tougher regulation is the answer : " I was on the board of J.P. Morgan prior to becoming Fed chairman ... I knew what J.P. Morgan knew about Citi , Bank of America , Wells , and others .
When I arrived at the Fed , I quickly learned that J.P. Morgan 's knowledge of those organizations was far greater than what the Fed knew ... Counterparty surveillance will remain the regulators ' first line of defense . ”
Read the full story here .
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News website
Balinese fishing grounds have just been protected to safeguard stocks
Governments must tackle the underlying causes of biodiversity loss if they are to stem the rate at which ecosystems and species are disappearing .
That was one of the conclusions of an inter-governmental workshop in London held in preparation for October 's UN biodiversity summit in Nagoya , Japan .
Delegates agreed that protecting nature would bring economic benefits to nations and their citizens .
Representatives of 54 countries attended the UK - hosted meeting .
The organisers hope that securing agreement on fundamental issues now will keep the October summit of the UN Convention on Biological Diversity ( CBD ) free from the kind of divisions that dogged last month 's climate change summit in Copenhagen .
If our ecosystem services get to a state where we wo n't have them anymore - the pollinators , for example - this is going to be disastrous
Maria Cecilia Wey de Brito
Brazilian environment ministry
Attack of the killer everything The UK's Marine and Natural Environment Minister Huw Irranca - Davies said that despite the weak Copenhagen outcome , there had been general agreement on the need for strong international action on biodiversity .
" One of the most important things was a strong feeling that we need to come out of Nagoya with something concrete on the table - something that works all the way down the local and community levels as well , " he told BBC News .
" People are really focused on trying to stem the tide [ of biodiversity loss ] and reverse it . "
The UN calculates that species are currently going extinct at about 1,000 times the " natural " rate ; and economic analyses being prepared for the UN Environment Programme ( Unep ) show that ecosystems , such as coral reefs and rainforests , are worth far more intact than depleted .
Species at risk
In 2002 , governments set a target of significantly reducing the rate of global biodiversity loss by 2010 - a target that is not going to be met .
Many observers now argue that it was not really achievable ; global ambitions did not translate into local and regional action , and not enough attention was paid to the underlying factors causing depletion of the natural world .
New targets are likely to be set at the Nagoya meeting that are designed to be more scientifically valid and achievable .
Attention focuses on iconic species , but fungi are just as important But according to Simon Stuart , chair of the International Union for the Conservation of Nature 's ( IUCN ) Species Survival Commission , setting targets is not the most important task facing governments .
" We have a chance of a much tougher target for 2020 than we had for 2010 , which would be about having no net biodiversity loss , " he said .
" I think the key thing is whether we 'll see over the next few years concerted action on the drivers of biodiversity loss - if we do n't see that in the next few years , then we certainly wo n't see good results by 2020 . "
All of those drivers , he noted , were related to the expansion of the human footprint - among them population growth , loss of habitat , climate change , ocean acidification , and growing demand for food .
Maria Cecilia
Wey de Brito , secretary for biodiversity and forests with the Brazilian government , who co-chaired the meeting with Mr Irranca - Davies , acknowledged that these issues would be difficult to tackle , but said it could be done .
" Of course it 's not easy ; but it 's possible , because what is at risk is our maintenance as a species on the planet , " she said .
" We think that people will understand very well that if our ecosystem services get to a state where we wo n't have them anymore - the pollinators , for example - this is going to be disastrous .
" So I think this is something that is going to be possible , because it 's totally necessary . "
Richer harvests
Eighteen years after the biodiversity convention came into existence , one of its key aims - to agree a mechanism for fairly and sustainably profiting from nature exploitation - remains unrealised .
The UN would like to conclude an agreement on it this year ; and Mr Irranca - Davis noted there had been some progress during the London talks .
Delegates from developing countries - that have historically been suspicious of the notion - have been speaking of its potential benefits .
He said that some developing countries with rich biodiversity assets had expressed an interest establishing an agreement for good , sustainable exploitation of their own natural resources .
" [ Some ] developing nations expressed the view that , if we get those sort of agreements right , there is more potential to harvest from biodiversity , " he said .
" So it 's in our interests not only to protect , but to identify where those biodiversity riches are and to exploit them further , but in the right way , and making sure that these benefits are not just to developed countries , but to developing nations as well . "
The meeting also discussed whether an expert panel should be set up to collate research on biodiversity - analogous to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change - but there is as yet no consensus .
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I love South African Kulula airlines ' new airplane paint jobs .
Called Flying 101 , it shows all the elements of the aircraft over its entire surface , from the nose cone to the tail 's rudder , going through the gallery and the toilet .
Advertisement
It 's not as detailed as I would like it to be , but it looks good .
[ PSFK via Swissmiss ]
Jonathan Ricketson
The new Google App Engine 1.3.1 SDK has an added method on memcache called “ grab_tail ” .
This is a great little method that removes the need for my lockless queue to manage the read counter .
We still need to manage the write counter though , because there does n’t seem to be a way to add items to a memcache namespace with an arbitrary name .
I have also added a way to rollback in the case that your processing of queue items encounters an error .
I was doing the reads non-destructively earlier , so I just needed to reset the read - counter to an appropriate point , but now ( because grab_tail is destructive ) , we need to re-queue the messages .
< rant >
In this implementation , the method that gets the next write counter “ __nextCounter ” , is far more complicated than it should be , because of an outstanding defect on memcache .
This defect is probably quite simple to fix , but since I reported it almost 6 months ago , it has n’t even been acknowledged .
I do really wonder about the value of an issue tracker to a community that does n’t use it .
If the google team are not going to use the issue tracker , it would be far better to acknowledge that and get rid of it completely .
</rant >
Here it is
from google .
appengine .
api import memcache import logging class Queue ( object ) : itemPrefix= " queueItem " writeCounter= " writeCounter " def __init__ ( self , queueName ) : self .
name = queueName def write ( self , msg ) : counter = self .__nextWriteCounter ( ) [ 0 ] msgKey = self .
itemPrefix + str ( counter ) if not memcache .
add ( msgKey , msg , namespace= self .
name ) : raise QueueException ( " msg key already existed : %s " % msgKey ) logging .
debug ( " wrote to %s : %s " % ( self .
name , msgKey ) ) def writeMulti ( self , messages ) : if len ( messages ) == 0 : return mapping= { } counters = self .__nextWriteCounter ( len ( messages ) ) for msg , counter in zip ( messages , counters ) : mapping [ self .
itemPrefix + str ( counter ) ] =msg self .
writeMulti ( memcache .
add_multi ( mapping , namespace= self . name ) ) def read ( self ) : result = memcache .
grab_tail ( item_count= 1 , namespace= self .
name ) if len ( result ) > 0 : return result [ 0 ] else : return
None def readMulti ( self , maxItems= 100 ) : return memcache .
grab_tail ( item_count=maxItems , namespace= self .
name ) def requeueMessages ( self , messages ) : self .
writeMulti ( messages ) def __currentWriteCounter ( self ) : return self .__currentCounter ( self .
writeCounter , 0 ) def __nextWriteCounter ( self , howmany= 1 ) : return self .__nextCounter ( self .
writeCounter , howmany=howmany ) def __currentCounter ( self , key , default ) : counter = memcache .
get ( key , namespace= self .
name ) if not counter : memcache .
set ( key , default , namespace= self .
name ) counter = default return counter def __nextCounter ( self , key , howmany ) : counter = memcache .
incr ( key , namespace= self .
name + " c " , delta=howmany ) if counter is None : if not memcache .
add ( key , howmany , namespace= self .
name + " c " ) : # handles the case where another thread got in first with the add counter = memcache .
incr ( key , namespace= self .
name + " c " , delta=howmany ) if counter== None : raise QueueException ( " could not increment counter : %s " % key ) else : counter = howmany return range ( counter - ( howmany - 1 ) , counter + 1 ) class QueueException ( Exception ) : " " " Base APIProxy error type . " " "
and to use it :
Live Stream
No stream is running right now .
January 25 , 2010
Richard Seymour , the author of The Liberal Defense of Murder , analyzes the propaganda manufactured to justify U.S. actions in Haiti after the earthquake .
WITHIN DAYS of Haiti suffering an earthquake registering 7.0 on the Richter scale , the U.S. government had sent thousands of 82nd Airborne troops and Marines , alongside the super - carrier USS Carl Vinson .
By this Sunday , a total of more than 20,000 U.S. troops were scheduled to be operating in Haiti , both on land and in the surrounding seas .
" We are there for the long term , " explained Alejandro Wolff , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations .
The justification for sending troops is that there is a " security " crisis , which soldiers have to deal with in order to facilitate the distribution of aid .
The situation was and remains a needful one .
The Haitian interior minister estimates that as many as 200,000 may have died as a result of the quake , and 2 million have been left homeless .
Potable water is extremely scarce , and was so even before the quake .
Only half a million have found the makeshift camps that provide some food and water , but have such poor sanitation that they are fostering diarrhea .
Clinics are overwhelmed by the injured survivors , estimated to number a quarter of a million .
Since the arrival of the troops , however , several aid missions have been prevented from arriving at the airport in Port - au - Prince , that the U.S. has commandeered .
France and Caribbean Community have both made their complaints public , as has Médecins Sans Frontières on five separate occasions .
UN World Food Program flights were also turned away on two consecutive days .
Benoit Leduc , MSF 's operations manager in Port - au - Prince , complained that U.S. military flights were being prioritized over aid flights .
Now , U.S. ships have encircled Haiti in order to prevent refugees escaping and fleeing to the United States .
Not only has aid been obstructed and escape blocked , but what aid does arrive was at first not being delivered , and then only in small amounts .
Some five days after the earthquake struck , BBC News reporter Nick Davis described how aid had just started " trickling through . "
While aid was arriving in Haiti " in large amounts , " some " bottlenecks " prevented the bulk of it from being distributed .
What you can do Donations and aid are desperately needed in Haiti .
Here are some organizations with connections to the grassroots movements in the country .
The Haiti Emergency Relief Fund , organized by the solidarity organization Haiti Action , delivers resources directly to grassroots organizations .
It was founded in 2004 after the coup d'etat that forced President Jean - Bertrand Aristide out of office .
For more information , including a telephone contact , go to the Canada Haiti Action Network Web site .
The Zanmi Lasante Medical Center is located in the Central Plateau of Haiti and delivers health care through a network of clinics .
The health center survived the earthquake and delivering aid to the disaster zone .
You can donate to the center through the U.S. non-profit organization Partners in Health .
SOPUDEP is a pioneering school in Petionville .
The resources of the school and its teachers are being mobilized to assist the neighboring population .
You can support the school via the Canadian - based Sawatzky Family Foundation .
Asked why the U.S. was not using its air power to deliver aid to areas unreachable by road , Defense Secretary Robert Gates maintained that this would result in riots .
The writer Nelson Valdes has described how U.S. and UN authorities advised aid workers not to distribute relief independently , as they would be subject to " mob attacks . "
Eyewitnesses have repeatedly described how rescue workers are scarce on the ground , and relief nowhere to be seen .
Hospitals that are functioning despite the wreckage complain of having no painkillers with which to operate on patients with serious injuries .
Dr. Evan Lyon of Partners in Health explained that :
[ I ] n terms of supplies , in terms of surgeons , in terms of aid relief , the response has been incredibly slow .
There are teams of surgeons that have been sent to places that were " more secure , " where they have 10 or 20 doctors and 10 patients .
We have a thousand people on this campus who are triaged and ready for surgery , but we only have four working [ operating rooms ] , without anesthesia and without pain medications .
And we 're still struggling to get ourselves up to 24 - hour care .
In effect , the U.S. has staged an invasion of Haiti , under the pretext of providing security for humanitarian aid , and in doing so has prevented the delivery of humanitarian aid .
With Haitians in a desperate condition , and the UN - supervised government in dire straits , Washington has sent the International Monetary Fund to offer a $ 100 million loan , on the proviso that public wages be frozen .
The " security " operation , meanwhile , proceeds apace .
As well as U.S. troops , thousands more UN police have been sent to Haiti .
Already , UN troops , alongside the Haitian police , have been responsible for several killings , as they have opened fire on starving earthquake survivors who dared to try to retrieve the means of survival from shops and other locations .
The US has also insisted that the Haitian government pass an emergency decree authorizing curfews and martial law .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said that the decree " would give the government an enormous amount of authority , which in practice they would delegate to us . "
This process has been facilitated by a flood of alarmist and often racist reporting about " mobs , " " looters " and " gangs " causing a " security crisis . "
A " security crisis " validates a repressive response .
The Haitian police have justified their brutal massacres of " looters " -- those securing their right to life in desperate circumstances -- by telling the media that thousands of prisoners have escaped from the country 's jails , and are running amok , posing a threat to vulnerable citizens .
Police have been attempting to whip up fear among earthquake survivors , organising them into vigilantes to attack the escaped prisoners .
However , as many as 80 percent of Haiti 's prisoners have never been charged with a crime .
" Gangs " -- in the vernacular of Washington , the White House press corps and Haiti 's business lobby , the Group of 184 - - happens to be a synonym for Lavalas activists .
For all the headlines , moreover , there is strikingly little actual violence taking place .
Most of the stories of violence center on episodes of " looting , " and most such instances involve desperate people procuring the means of survival .
Aid workers also contradict the image of mobs on the attack purveyed by the media and U.S. officials .
Abi Weaver , spokesperson for the American Red Cross , confirmed that " we have n't had any security issues at all . "
" There are no security issues , " said Dr. Evan Lyon .
" We 've been circulating throughout the city until 2:00 and 3:00 in the morning every night , evacuating patients , moving materials .
There 's no UN guards .
There 's no US military presence .
There 's no Haitian police presence .
And there 's also no violence .
There is no insecurity . "
In fact , Lt. Gen. Ken Keen , deputy commander of U.S. Southern Command , maintains that there is less violence in Haiti now than before the earthquake .
So if there is no insecurity , and if the US military intervention is actually obstructing aid , what becomes of the pretext for the invasion ?
Humanitarian intervention
Notwithstanding this extraordinary performance , many American commentators actually approve of the U.S. response .
Jonathan Dobrer , of the American Jewish University in Bel Air , declared himself " almost sinfully proud of America . "
Steven Cohen of Columbia University enthused on the liberal Huffington Post that " We Have Reason to be Proud of the American Response in Haiti . "
New York Times op - ed contributor Jonathan M. Hansen called on the U.S. to go further , and use the Guantánamo gulag as a base for " humanitarian intervention " in Haiti .
Indeed , the label " humanitarian " is regularly applied to U.S. actions in Haiti .
It is important to recall , therefore , that the overthrow of Haiti 's elected government in 2004 and the subsequent occupation was itself originally cast as a humanitarian intervention of sorts .
Aristide , so the story went , had governed incompetently , his rule characterized by such corruption and violence as to generate countrywide disturbances .
In recognition of his inability to govern , he supposedly " resigned " and fled the country .
Filling the gap created by the absence of legitimate authority , concerned members of the " international community " prevailed upon the United Nations to send troops into Haiti and facilitate the development of democratic institutions .
Matters are a little more prosaic and grubby than this uplifting scenario would suggest .
The U.S. had begun cutting aid programs to Haiti when Aristide was elected with an overwhelming mandate for his second term in 2000 .
The result was that the national budget was cut in half , and gross domestic product shrank by a quarter in the ensuing period .
The pro-U.S. opposition group , Convergence Démocratique , declared that it would not accept the results and instead began to agitate against the incoming government .
Paramilitary attacks , beginning in the summer of 2001 , were carried out by former death squad members and organized criminals acting in association with Haiti 's business community .
Former army personnel such as Guy Philippe , an admirer of Augusto Pinochet , were organized by the U.S. under the rubric of the Fronte pour la Libération et la Reconstruction Nationale ( FLRN ) .
By February 2004 , a full - blown insurgency had been launched , and had begun to take control of large parts of the country .
None of the Lavalas rulers had military experience , and they were not prepared to arm and mobilize the population .
Aristide , far from being a violent or incompetent ruler as his critics suggest , was eventually defeated because he was not prepared to violently repress an opposition that was explicitly organizing for his overthrow .
His administrations had actually been highly effective in a number of areas , despite considerable pressures from the U.S. and the Haitian ruling class .
Lavalas can be credited with reducing infant mortality from 125 to 110 per thousand live births , bringing illiteracy down from 65 percent to 45 percent and slowing the rate of new HIV infections .
It was obliged by the U.S. to accept " structural adjustment " programs , but did what it could to soften the blow by maintaining subsidies , implementing some land reforms , and promulgating certain social programs .
It legislated against the exploitation of children as unpaid servants in wealthy homes .
It reformed the notoriously labyrinthine judiciary and put several death squad members on trial .
It also managed to extract some taxes from the rich , in the face of strenuous resistance .
For these humanitarian accomplishments , Aristide had to go .
Once the dregs of former genocidaires and the criminal fraternity had wrought sufficient destruction across the country , the U.S. Marine Corps abducted Aristide on September 29 , 2004 .
The initial line given to the press by James Foley , the U.S. ambassador to Haiti , was that it was a rescue mission .
The U.S. had stepped in , concerned for Aristide 's welfare , and he had resigned voluntarily .
As soon as Aristide got hold of a telephone , however , he informed every news outlet that would listen that he had been kidnapped by U.S. forces .
He was not permitted to return to Haiti , and an occupation began under a UN mandate , enforced by MINUSTAH troops .
A new regime was imposed that locked up political activists and priests , and thousands were killed either by MINUSTAH soldiers directly or by gangs operating under their authority .
Democracy Now ! reported that a study published in The Lancet found :
[ D]uring the 22 - month period of the U.S. - backed Interim Government , 8,000 people were murdered in the greater Port -au Prince area alone .
Thirty - five thousand women and girls were raped or sexually assaulted , more than half of the victims were children ... Those responsible for the human rights abuses include criminals , the police , United Nations peacekeepers and anti-Lavalas gangs .
Meanwhile , the democratic process that the UN was supposed to oversee has resulted in elections in which the country 's most popular political party , Lavalas , are not allowed to participate .
The recent senatorial and congressional elections saw turnouts depressed to as little as 10 percent as a result .
This shambolic process has made life easier for Haiti 's ruling class , and the multinationals operating in Haiti , but by no stretch of the imagination is it " humanitarian . "
The point of highlighting this background is to note that , contrary to some short - sighted commentary -- like Jonathan Dobrer : " We come , we help , and we do n't stay " -- the U.S. has a bloody recent history in Haiti and a well - defined set of goals in the country , including the desire to finish off Lavalas and create a benevolent investment climate for business .
The belief that the U.S. is behaving in a humanitarian manner in Haiti is at best myopic .
At worst , it buys into the racist mythologies about Haiti that have been on prominent display in headlines and news copy for over a week now .
Paternalism and racism
The paternalistic assumptions behind the calls for ' humanitarian intervention ' have sometimes been starkly expressed .
Thus , the conservative columnist Eric Margolis lauds the history of American colonial rule in Haiti : " [ T ]he U.S. occupation is looked back on by many Haitians as their " golden age . "
The Marine Corps proved a fair , efficient , honest administrator and builder .
This era was the only time when things worked in Haiti . "
Purporting to oppose imperialism , Margolis insists that " genuine humanitarian intervention " is " different , " and calls for Haiti to be " temporarily administered by a great power like the U.S. or France . "
He writes : " U.S. administration of Haiti may be necessary and the only recourse for this benighted nation that cannot seem to govern itself . "
Similarly , right - wing New York Times columnist David Brooks , decrying the supposed " progress - resistant cultural influences " that he maintains holds Haiti back , calls for the U.S. to " promote locally - led paternalism . "
" We 're all supposed to politely respect each other 's cultures , " he complains .
" But some cultures are more progress - resistant than others , and a horrible tragedy was just exacerbated by one of them . "
To overcome this cultural handicap , Brooks recommends finding gurus who would promote a culture of achievement and responsibility -- as opposed to the irresponsible , chaotic , voodoo - ridden culture that he identifies as Haiti 's major problem .
It is unnecessary to dignify such caricatures by considering them as empirical hypotheses .
However , it should be noted that neither author gives the slightest consideration to the persistent efforts of the U.S. government to frustrate the rise of popular , democratic movements such as Lavalas , nor to the IMF - imposed programs which saw real wages fall by 50 percent between 1980 and 1990 , and which resulted in overpopulated slums and a failing rural economy .
Nor do they acknowledge the brutality of the UN occupation .
While Margolis acknowledges that America 's colonial rule was " sometimes brutal , " his understatement is verging on euphemism when he omits to discuss the killing of 15,000 people as Haiti 's rebels , known as Cacos , were suppressed .
Nor does he mention the humiliating system of forced labor that was imposed on Haitians under U.S. rule , or the fact that the gendarmerie built up under U.S. occupation became the organized basis for later dictatorships that would blight Haiti .
In short , both writers bring to bear astonishingly little understanding of the country whose fate they are discussing so cavalierly .
However , what is of interest in these caricatures is the genus of imperial ideology that they relate to .
Margolis is an old - school conservative ( he describes himself as an Eisenhower Republican ) .
He recalls in his phrases the manifest - destinarianism of William McKinley , who argued that the conquest and colonization of the Philippines was justified since Filipinos " were unfit for self - government . "
In the imperial language of the U.S. and Europe in this period , self - government was conceived of either as a cultural state that only white people had achieved , or as a technology that only white people could use .
Woodrow Wilson , the invader of Haiti , explained that the Philippines could not be given self - government by the United States , since " it is a form of character and not a form of constitution . "
Self - government is a cultural state attained after a period of discipline that " gives people self - possession , self - master , the habit of order . "
For Wilson , only the " nobler races " -- namely Europeans and white Americans - - had achieved that state .
Margolis would not be so explicitly racist , but his subtext is not the less subtle for that .
Brooks , though , is a neoconservative .
As such , he brings to bear that tradition 's paternalism , its concern with developing good patriarchal families , and particularly its culturalist reading of social institutions .
In this view , government and other institutions reflect an accumulation of cultural practices that have survived through generations .
Capitalism and liberal democracy are thus the result of cultural influences such as Judeo - Christian values .
The ability to govern oneself as a society is also said to be a result of cultural attributes that are generally found to be lacking in America 's opponents .
These discrete cultures do not necessarily correspond to older notions of ' race ' , but they perform an analogous function in permitting privileged U.S. commentators to applaud the conquest of other societies .
Thus , at the height of the Vietnam War , the " godfather " of neoconservatism , Irving Kristol , argued that it was correct for the U.S. to support a right - wing dictatorship since " South Vietnam , like South Korea , is barely capable of decent self - government under the very best of conditions . "
Like the Black families that Daniel Patrick Moynihan famously diagnosed as suffering from a " tangle of pathologies , " these people lacked the exquisite cultural refinements that made white Americans so successful .
These are exceptionally explicit commentaries .
Most of those lauding American actions are unlikely to be as cynical or brazen as Brooks and Margolis .
Yet when 20,000 U.S. troops arrive in a wrecked island country , and begin obstructing aid and beefing up " security " while people die in the wreckage of thirst and starvation , only the willfully purblind or those trapped in the assumptions of the " civilizing mission , " could construe it as a " humanitarian intervention . "
Howard Dean seems to be sick of Democrats ’ bipartisan attitude .
In sharply worded comments Tuesday night following the loss of former Sen .
Ted Kennedy ’s ( D - MA ) Senate seat , the former chairman of the Democratic Party asserted that party leaders needed to bypass their quest for sixty Senate votes .
“ We ’ve got to be tougher , ” Dean quipped .
“ I ’ve said the Democrats are not tough enough .
Bush would have had the health care bill done a long time ago .
He would have gone through reconciliation . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Under reconciliation , Democrats can move to pass parts of their healthcare reform bill with a simple fifty vote majority , evading the need for a 60 - vote filibuster - proof supermajority .
Liberals lost their sixtieth vote with the defeat of state attorney general Martha Coakley in Massachusetts to Republican Scott Brown .
Brown has promised to vote against a healthcare reform bill .
The bill has passed both chambers of Congress but would need to pass both again after the House and Senate versions are combined .
Some Democrats have proposed a House - only vote on the Senate ’s version of the bill , which would obviate the need for it to pass the Senate again .
But House Democratic leadership seems reluctant to take up the idea anytime soon .
Dean says Obama should start by simply proposing a bill that allows all Americans over 55 to buy into Medicare .
Such a bill could be passed through the Senate with 50 votes , a margin the Democrats can easily muster .
There ’s not much “ real ” reform in the Senate bill either way , Dean said .
ADVERTISEMENT
The former top Democrat added that he believed it would have been better had Democrats only had 59 votes from the start , since it would have forced his party to make tougher choices and push the bill through reconciliation in the first place .
“ I think we would have been better off if we had had 59 senators to start with , ” Dean remarked .
This video is from MSNBC’s The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast Jan. 19 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
A man still living in University of Victoria student residences 13 years after graduation stayed inside yesterday , avoiding members of the media hovering outside .
Alkis Gerd 'son could be moving out in weeks , in the wake of a B.C. Supreme Court decision that UVic says means it can evict Gerd 'son with one month 's notice .
article continues below
Few students who came out of Gerd ' son 's building yesterday knew of him .
One who did said only that he is reclusive .
While Gerd 'son was n't available for interviews , documents connected to his complaint to the B.C. Human Rights Tribunal offer some insight into the man and his circumstances .
Gerd 'son filed the complaint Dec. 10 , 2008 , claiming UVic 's desire to evict him amounts to discrimination stemming from mental disability .
He claims to suffer from post - traumatic stress , obsessive - compulsive disorder and bouts of anxiety and depression .
In 2004 , the province designated him as disabled , qualifying him for monthly support and accommodation allowance and other benefits .
UVic offers on - campus accommodation to students enrolled in a minimum of nine units of degree - track courses per calendar year .
Once students finish classes , they 're expected to vacate residence rooms .
Gerd 'son moved into residence in 1991 and earned a bachelor 's degree in 1997 .
He has not completed classes since , and UVic says he no longer qualifies for student residency .
" Since 1997 , out of compassion and gratuitous consideration for the complainant , UVic has acceded to the requests of the complainant to remain in residence even though he is no longer eligible , " said UVic in a statement to the tribunal .
Gerd 'son also told the tribunal he has n't lived on campus continuously , but has lived in other areas of Victoria and has left the city several times .
In February 2003 , Gerd 'son was told by UVic that he had to vacate his unit by April of that year , citing allegations by other students of unacceptable behavior , and the fact that he is not a UVic student and had lived in residence too long .
Gerd 'son said the undisclosed allegations were based on his mental health .
UVic told Gerd 'son his residency would be considered if he registered as a student for the fall term .
Gerd 'son resisted attempts through the summer to evict him and argued UVic 's treatment of him was unfair .
In 2008 , a flood occurred in Gerd 'son 's unit , which he and the university blamed on each other .
Through the summer of 2008 , the university pressured Gerd 'son to contact B.C. Housing for off - campus accommodation .
" Mr. Gerd 'son takes the position that his pace of study is a function of his disabilities , and that therefore , UVic is discriminating against him because of his disabilities , " reads the tribunal document .
On Aug. 29 , 2008 , UVic served Gerd 'son with an eviction notice based on his failure to maintain student status or pay rent .
His disability rent money was applied by UVic to " overholding " charges .
Those charges , incurred when a tenant stays in a rental unit without the landlord 's approval , totalled $ 41,400 in November .
In response to the eviction , Gerd 'son wrote , " They have treated me this way because of my mental health that they are worsening to the point where I will not be able to function . "
At one point , UVic told Gerd 'son that if he agreed by Nov. 24 , 2008 , to vacate his room by April 30 , 2009 , he could remain until that date .
If he did not agree , he would be evicted immediately .
Gerd 'son asked for more time to consider the matter since he was also dealing with an ill parent .
UVic refused but Gerd 'son remained .
smcculloch@tc.canwest.com
The future of NBC ’s plan to shake up its late - night television lineup may depend on just how much Conan O’Brien does n’t like what the network has done to him .
A day after NBC executives said they were contemplating a plan to move Jay Leno back to 11:35 p.m. , elbowing Mr. O’Brien back a half - hour to 12:05 a.m. , representatives of Mr. O’Brien ’s are privately saying that he has not accepted NBC ’s plan and that he is likely not to agree to it any time in the near future .
But none were willing to say so publicly .
The uncertainty has created an extraordinary spectacle : Two of NBC ’s biggest stars , with an aggregate salary of more than $ 50 million a year , and their staffs are waiting to see what might happen , with no official word being issued from the network or any of its executives .
A senior executive at a rival network said that if Mr. O’Brien and his representatives were willing to walk away from money he may still be owed by NBC , “ they ’ll have options . ”
The executive spoke on the condition of anonymity because he wanted to avoid becoming involved in NBC ’s dealings with Mr. O’Brien .
Image : YLE
In 2008 , the Swedish parliament passed legislation giving intelligence officials at the National Defence Radio Establishment ( FRA ) the right to view all telecommunications that pass its borders – even if the final recipient does not live in Sweden .
Practically all of Finland ’s foreign telecommunications travel through Sweden .
That means most international phone calls and emails sent abroad are now subject to prying eyes and ears .
The controversial legislation sparked outrage across Sweden , as well as concern in Finland , when it was passed .
However lawmakers insisted they were acting in the interest of national security .
What are Swedish authorities homing in on ?
For security reasons , FRA says it ca n’t divulge its methods .
“ Exactly what we are looking at is strictly confidential .
But I can tell you that purely private communications without any relevance to the issues which we are to follow are not being monitored , ” says Anni Bölenius , a spokesperson at FRA .
The agency adds that it can only monitor certain international issues related to national security or defence .
“ Of the traffic that we do have access to , only a very small part is being analysed by FRA .
Most of it is thrown away as it does not match our criteria , ” she says .
Meanwhile domestic traffic sent within Sweden is exempt from monitoring under Swedish law .
The Price of Privacy
In Finland , the law guarantees the confidentiality of electronic communications .
However Finland has no jurisdiction once messages cross its own borders .
“ Privacy protection is very important in Finland .
But there are different laws in different countries , and we cannot say what they can or cannot do , ” says Mari Herranen , a ministerial adviser in the communications networks unit at Finland ’s Ministry of Transport and Communications .
Although Finland says it ’s committed to safeguarding citizens ’ privacy , many of the country ’s servers are actually located across the gulf in Sweden .
Erka Koivunen , who heads the Finnish National Computer Emergency Response Team CERT - FI , says server networks were built in Sweden out of convenience .
“ Historically , I guess that was the easier and most economical way to build communications networks .
Only recently have there been discussions on whether we should have alternative routes , ” he says .
Koivunen says if Finland wants alternative networks , it has to be willing to pay .
But he adds preventing someone from gathering this type of intelligence is no reason to dish out an exorbitant amount of cash .
Nevertheless government is developing an information security plan , the National Information Security Strategy , to try to ensure safety and privacy in the information world .
One of its goals is to turn Finland into a global information security leader by the year 2015 .
Some action has already been taken to protect citizens ’ privacy .
For example , domestic email traffic from Nordic telecommunications operator TeliaSonera used to travel to Sweden before looping back to Finland .
The company has since moved its servers from Sweden to Finland to help ensure customers ’ privacy .
“ We are very pleased that this happened .
Their internal traffic is not going to Sweden anymore , ” says Herranen .
Confidentiality Hard to Come by
Experts warn that Finnish customers may have a false sense of security when using a seemingly domestic service that actually crosses Finland ’s borders .
Although telecommunications companies are legally obligated to clarify their service terms to customers , Finnish residents can do more to ensure their privacy .
For example , officials recommend that email users encrypt their messages .
The Finnish Communications Regulatory Authority offers some instructions in English on how to do so .
“ But that is easier said than done .
It is not that common place for people to have sophisticated enough software , ” says Koivunen .
He adds that everyday users should follow the lead of governments and businesses which avoid public networks or limit sending sensitive material .
“ Everyone should be aware that when using public networks , there might be people , authorities or criminals who could get access to information that is sent over the wire . ”
It was a little more than a year ago that January Schofield , at age 6 , began to drift from reality .
Suicidal , violent and plagued by hallucinations of rats and cats who conversed and played with her , she began the first of seven psychiatric hospitalizations .
As of today , Jani , 7 , has been out of the hospital for 56 days , the longest period in 15 months .
Together with her parents , Michael and Susan , and brother , Bodhi , 2 , Jani is living a fragile existence -- haunted by delusions that sometimes tell her to hurt herself or others , even the people she loves .
But despite the family ’s dire financial and emotional circumstances , that existence is not completely devoid of hope .
The child ’s story was first described June 29 in the Los Angeles Times article , “ Jani is at the mercy of her mind . ”
At the time , the family was struggling with the new diagnosis of child - onset schizophrenia and searching for a way to care for their child on a long - term basis .
Shortly after the story was published , Jani was hospitalized for the fifth time .
She ’s now living at home and attends school an hour each day for one - on - one tutoring .
Her father is no longer employed as an English instructor at Cal State Northridge ; he ’ll soon receive a small advance to write a book about his daughter ’s illness .
For now , the family scrapes by on his unemployment , forced by Jani ’s illness to rent two small apartments , rather than one for the entire family .
There , in a complex in Santa Clarita , one parent stays with Jani and the other with Bodhi .
The arrangement is the only way to keep Jani at home and protect Bodhi from her unpredictable behavior .
“ The two apartments have worked , ” said Michael , 33 .
“ Bodhi is n’t growing up scared of her .
Our biggest problems are the normal financial problems that come when you have a mentally ill child such that you ca n’t work . ”
Jani ’s prognosis is unclear , but she shows some signs of progress .
She takes a combination of the antipsychotic drugs Clozaril and Thorazine and the mood stabilizer lithium .
She is less violent , less depressed and behaves well when engaged in something she enjoys , such as visits to the animal shelter or pet store .
Activity tends to hush the intruders in Jani ’s brain .
Because the stimulation needs to be constant , the family leaves the small apartments early each day in a search for free diversions .
Sometimes , when they run out of things to do , a panicked look comes into her eyes .
“ What are we going to do next ? ” she asks pleadingly .
Like a little bird , she flits from perch to perch , flapping her hands -- a nervous tic -- and chirping profound thoughts followed by nonsensical ones .
‘ Eternal optimist ’
“ Jani is a very whimsical child , ” said Dr. Linda Woodall , a child and adolescent psychiatrist in Glendale who has been treating Jani for almost two years .
“ There is this huge world in her head .
Some of it is tormenting and some of it is delightful .
And everything has a name .
There is such a charming quality to that behind the illness . ”
Woodall calls her time with Jani a learning experience for which there is no manual .
“ It has been really difficult to find something to treat her symptoms , ” she said .
“ But I ’m an eternal optimist .
I do think there will be the right medication for Jani some day . ”
Jani still has frequent hallucinations , although her brain has altered the shape of those phantoms .
She does n’t see rats and cats as much any more and now tends to be haunted by numbers -- strange , twisted , towering figures that move and talk to her .
She dislikes 13 .
He opens his mouth wide and frightens her .
Five too is dark .
Five bites her .
“ She will tell me when they ’re here , ” said Susan , 40 .
“ She ’ll say , ‘ Wednesday ’s here . ’
( Wednesday is a rat . )
We talked last night about what schizophrenia is .
I said it ’s the hallucinations .
This morning , we were talking about getting dressed .
She told me her hallucinations always wear the same clothes . ”
Jani sees Woodall one hour a week and sees a psychologist three times a week .
But the Schofields have relinquished hopes of receiving any services from the Los Angeles County Department of Mental Health .
In October , they received a letter from the department offering to place Jani in the Devereaux Foundation treatment center for children and adolescents with behavioral health problems in Viera , Fla .
The family rejected the plan because it would make regular visits impossible or force relocation from Los Angeles .
The county had previously offered to place her in a residential facility in Texas .
“ We ’re committed to keeping her with us , ” Michael said .
“ Not just because the only residential offer is still out of state , but because she would n’t get love there .
And that ’s important . ”
Department of Mental Health officials declined to comment on the case .
The Schofields are angry , but resigned , that so few resources exist to help a psychotic child .
No residential center in California will take Jani because of her extreme behavior .
She was also rejected at two private outpatient day schools for mentally ill children .
Any small problem -- an empty gas tank , Bodhi ’s flu -- tries the parents ’ already frayed resilience .
The few relatives to whom they are close live too far away to be of much help , and others have been alienated by Jani ’s illness .
Both Michael and Susan take antidepressants and undergo counseling for depression .
Many months ago , Michael made a half - hearted suicide attempt by taking an overdose of antidepressants .
“ No one really understands what we ’re going through , ” Susan said .
“ That ’s half the battle . ”
Susan ’s recent 40th birthday was spent at home with Bodhi , who was sick and fussy , while Michael spent six hours in UCLA ’s emergency room with Jani after she told them that the number 80 was telling her to jump from a building .
Michael was able to take Jani home after a psychiatrist assessed her and said she was not suicidal .
“ Six months ago I was a professor and now I ’m pretty much on welfare , ” Michael said .
“ I think Susan and I are going through a period of feeling sorry for ourselves . ”
Help from others
In their search for assistance , the Schofields have encountered other families similarly floundering because of the lack of appropriate mental health services .
They have created an online network for parents of mentally ill children to communicate with each other and provide support .
Others have not been blind to the family ’s plight .
The Times story led to an outpouring of financial donations and offers of help .
A San Diego elementary school teacher , Marla Rosenthal , and her friend Karen Cohen , who lives in Sherman Oaks , are planning Jani ’s Giant Garage Sale for Jan. 17 , at Congregation Beth Shalom of the Santa Clarita Valley .
“ These are the kinds of parents who are going more than the extra mile and doing everything they can and are still running into so many roadblocks , ” Rosenthal said .
“ I felt like I had to do something . ”
The family ’s greatest asset at the moment is a group of psychology students at Glendale College who spend a few hours each day at the apartment keeping Jani entertained .
The volunteer arrangement was the idea of Daphne Dionisio , a psychology professor at the college .
“ After I read the article in The Times , two things resonated , ” Dionisio said .
“ Number one , Jani is stable when her parents engage her in constant mental stimulation .
And , two , that constant engagement puts an enormous stress on her family .
I thought I could help them . ”
Her students have taken to Jani with joy .
“ It ’s deeply meaningful for them , ” Dionisio said .
“ These are students who really want to help . ”
Five students have worked with Jani this fall and 14 will take turns spending time with her each day in 2010 .
This small web of kindness helps keep the family afloat and kindles hope for a better future .
“ Over this year , we ’ve really started to learn how to live with this and give Jani a life , even in the face of her illness , ” Michael said .
“ We ’ve come to acceptance , ” Susan added .
“ At the beginning of the year we really did n’t know the full scope of everything .
We know now she ’s a rare case . ”
But they have no concrete plan for how to keep their fragile family intact .
The goal for 2010 ?
“ It ’s really day by day , ” Michael said .
shari.roan@latimes.com
The main pinch point is at the small airport in Port au Prince , which lost its control tower in the tremor .
It became so clogged with aid aircraft that many of them had to wait hours to be unloaded and it had to be closed to new arrivals for eight hours .
A shortage of jet fuel also meant some could not take off again .
If you think that Pat Robertson is merely a crackpot who blames 9/11 on sodomites and members of the ACLU ; who thinks that the Haitian earthquake was the devil 's retribution for reneging on a pact to expel French colonizers ; who recommends that the American government assassinate Hugo Chavez ; who sees wisdom in the works of Nesta Webster ; and who gets all sorts of bum information from God , Foreign Policy provides a few new details of the televangelist 's business arrangements with former Liberian dictator Charles Taylor :
Former Liberian President Charles Taylor , testifying in his own war crimes trial today , said that the American conservative evangelist Pat Robertson was awarded a Liberian gold - mining concession in 1999 and subsequently offered to lobby the Bush administration to support his government … .
Under cross-examination , Taylor said that Robertson had volunteered to make Liberia 's case before U.S. administration officials , and had spoken directly to President Bush about Taylor .
He also confirmed that Robertson 's company , Freedom Gold Limited , signed an agreement to exploit gold in southeastern Liberia , but that it never generated any profit .
" Mr. Taylor , indeed at one point you said that you can count on Pat Robertson to get Washington on your side , " he was asked by the lead prosecution counsel , Col. Brenda Hollis , a former U.S. Air Force officer .
Taylor replied : " I do n't recall the exact words , but something to that effect . "
This is n't really a new story , though Robertson 's attempted lobbying the Bush administration ( which did n't seem to produce any positive results for Taylor ) was unknown .
The Virginia - Pilot investigated Robertson 's ties to Taylor back in the late 1990s and Time detailed his connections with Mobuto Sese Seko in 2001 .
The New York Times Bay Area
Blog recently took a look at the issue of plagiarism among students in computer science classes .
The widespread availability of code on the Internet makes it easy for computer science students to find solutions to common assignments .
Computer science professors retaliate by devising increasingly sophisticated automated systems to detect instances of code plagiarism .
The NYT cites a recent incident where a Stanford student was suspended and resigned from his position as student body vice president after he was caught doing the copypasta routine .
According to the San Jose Mercury News , roughly 22 percent of Stanford 's honor code violations relate to plagiarism in computer science .
Some readers might remember that we looked at the other side of this issue last year when a student at San Jose University was disciplined for publishing the source code of his own solutions to class assignments .
His professor contended that making the source code available constituted an honor code violation merely because it would enable other students to cheat .
As we pointed out at the time , sharing code and repurposing existing code are increasingly standard practices in professional software engineering .
Collaborative development is common and very little code that is produced today is written in a complete vacuum .
Some computer science professors are attempting to bring this trend into the classroom by encouraging students to share code and participate in open source software projects .
Our readers have generally voiced strong opinions on issues of this nature in the past and there seem to be a lot of different viewpoints .
As computer science enrollment continues to drop , it 's more important than ever for professors to find ways to modernize their teaching methods and find ways to balance the need to encourage collaboration with the need to accurately test individual knowledge .
Video : Assassin bug lures prey
Killer tactics ( Image : Anne Wignall )
HERE is one bug that lives up to its name .
The assassin bug will stalk its victim on its home territory , or lure it away and eat it .
Anne Wignall at Macquarie University in Sydney , Australia , placed assassin bugs on the webs of five species of spider and watched the drama unfold .
She found that the bugs repeatedly either stalk or lure their prey ( Journal of Ethology , DOI : 10.1007/s10164-009-0202-8 ) .
In stalking mode , the bugs creep towards their prey and tap the web with their forelegs up to five times …
Auburn , NY --
Three days before Christmas , Auburn Police Chief Gary Giannotta laid down the law for his command staff .
At the closed meeting Dec. 22 in the department basement , Giannotta gave this ultimatum :
Tell your patrol officers to write more vehicle and traffic tickets — at least one each per shift — or there will be repercussions for those who do n’t .
Giannotta told the dozen or so captains , lieutenants and sergeants at the meeting that City Manager Mark Palesh had told him he expects the department to start making $ 10,000 a month from vehicle and traffic fines , according to officers who were there .
The department averaged about $ 7,500 monthly last year .
Threatening to punish employees who fail to make a ticket quota violates state labor law .
Tuesday , the Auburn police union took Giannotta to task for his proclamation , and two college criminal justice experts questioned the ethics of his directive .
Auburn Police Local 195 will file a labor grievance if Giannotta tries to discipline any officer for failing to meet what it says is the chief ’s quota of writing at least one ticket per work shift , said its president , Tim Cottrell , and vice president , Angelo Spinelli .
“ It ’s illegal , and I believe it ’s unprofessional , and it ’s improper to use traffic tickets to raise revenues for the city , ” Cottrell said .
Three command officers , who asked to not be identified for fear of retribution , told The Post - Standard that Giannotta threatened at the meeting in December to have any officer or supervisor who did n’t comply with his order “ written up ” in their personnel file .
Giannotta became extremely upset at the meeting with a commanding officer who questioned the chief ’s order , they said .
Giannotta said he never used the word “ quota ” at that meeting and was only following orders from Palesh to “ encourage ” his officers to write one vehicle and traffic ticket a day or be punished .
“ More than one ticket a day is a quota .
One a day is doing their job , ” Giannotta said .
However , section 215 ( a ) of the New York labor law prohibits an employer from punishing an employee for failing to meet ticket quotas .
Two professors at John Jay College of Criminal Justice , in New York City , said demanding that police officers write more tickets to generate money for city coffers raises ethical and practical questions .
“ It ’s a very bad practice , and it ’s very unethical .
Once citizens are aware of this , they ’ll be outraged , or at least they ought to be , ” professor Dennis Kenney said .
Professor Joseph Pollini , a retired New York City police commander , empathized with Giannotta ’s predicament , but added , “ It ’s not the duty of police to generate revenue .
It ’s to maintain peace and order . ”
In Syracuse , First Deputy Police Chief David Barrette said his department has never had a ticket quota in his 36 years there as a police officer and administrator .
“ I ’ve never heard any whiff that we have to write a ticket to raise money ... and no one ’s been disciplined for not writing tickets , ” Barrette said .
Giannotta initially said he did n’t see anything wrong with threatening his officers with discipline if they fail to write one ticket per shift .
“ It ’s not a threat , it ’s a promise .
It ’s a way to manage people ... but no one ’s been disciplined yet , ” he said .
Later in the interview , Giannotta — in his 14th year as chief — said he does n’t think the police department should be a revenue source for the city and he is acting under orders from Palesh to boost his department ’s ticket revenues .
“ I do n’t agree with it , but I have to implement it .
I do n’t have any choice , ” Giannotta said .
Palesh Tuesday acknowledged telling Giannotta to get his department to write more tickets .
Palesh said he reached that conclusion after he reviewed police department records and saw that several officers had not written a ticket in months .
“ I think they should write more than ( one ticket ) .
There ’s a fine line between having a quota and doing their jobs , ” the city manager said .
Palesh said he did not suggest any quota numbers to Giannotta and did not recall saying that he wanted the police department to generate $ 10,000 per month in ticket fines .
Regardless , union President Cottrell said police primarily write tickets to modify behavior , not to raise money for the city .
“ You get a speeding ticket , you ’re going to slow down .
But ( tickets ) should n’t be used to generate revenue ... for city coffers , ” he said .
You can reach Scott Rapp at srapp@syracuse.com or 289-4839 .
The increase in temperature in the Arctic has already caused the sea-ice there to melt .
According to research conducted by the University of Gothenburg , if the Arctic tundra also melts , vast amounts of organic material will be carried by the rivers straight into the Arctic Ocean , resulting in additional emissions of carbon dioxide .
Several Russian rivers enter the Arctic Ocean particularly in the Laptev Sea north of Siberia .
One of the main rivers flowing into the Laptev Sea is the Lena , which in terms of its drainage basin and length is one of the ten largest rivers in the world .
The river water carries organic carbon from the tundra , and research from the University of Gothenburg shows that this adds a considerable amount of carbon dioxide to the atmosphere when it is degraded in the coastal waters .
Increased temperatures
The increase in temperature in the Arctic , which has already made an impact in the form of reduced sea-ice cover during the summer , may also cause the permafrost to melt .
" Large amounts of organic carbon are currently stored within the permafrost and if this is released and gets carried by the rivers out into the coastal waters , then it will result in an increased release of carbon dioxide to the atmosphere , " says Sofia Hjalmarsson , native of Falkenberg and postgraduate student at the Department of Chemistry .
Study of two areas
In her thesis , Sofia Hjalmarsson has studied the carbon system in two different geographical areas : partly in the Baltic Sea , the Kattegat and the Skagerrak , and partly in the coastal waters north of Siberia ( the Laptev Sea , the East Siberian Sea and the Chukchi Sea ) .
The two areas have in common the fact that they receive large volumes of river water containing organic carbon and nutrients , mainly nitrogen .
The thesis Carbon Dynamics in Northern Marginal Seas was publicly defended on 18 December .
We are a team of dedicated lawyers with support staff with a prestigious reputation .
We strive to understand our clients to provide personalized and efficient representation .
While we may utilize an aggressive litigation approach in some cases we also effectively mediate and settle other cases .
Our core values include compassionate yet aggressive representation .
We understand the turmoil our clients face whether it is a serious criminal matter or a contentious child custody or a high asset divorce case .
We listen to clients , gather information and then suggest possible strategies and outcomes for their cases .
We suggest creative approaches to reducing the legal risk for our clients .
In criminal matters , we provide skilled and experienced representation from arraignment through trial .
Each case requires a fact - based analysis to determine whether the case is suitable for a jury trial or whether a mitigation focused approach should be applied .
For example , if the prosecution ’s evidence against the client is strong resulting in a high risk of a potential conviction against the client , the case may benefit from a negotiated disposition .
However , if the prosecution ’s case can be weakened by excluding their critical evidence through a motion to suppress or successfully attacking the credibility of their witnesses , the case becomes a more triable case for the defense .
We work with talented investigators to locate evidence favorable to the defense and also work with various forensic experts to defend our clients .
In our civil and family law practice , we zealously advocate on behalf of our clients at every step of the process .
We present solutions to amicably settle civil and divorce cases without the need for litigation if possible .
If litigation is required , we are experienced California trial attorneys ready for the challenge .
We handle all aspects of divorce cases including child custody , visitation , child and spousal support and asset division .
With each representation , our team ’s integral role is to devise a strategy to achieve the client ’s preferred result .
Making Virtualenv Play Nice with Git
I like to do most of my Python development inside virtualenvs .
I also create a Git repository for any project that matters or that will have any kind of continued development .
Constantly switching between the different virtualenvs to work on different projects used to be tedious , but this issue was largely solved by the fantastic virtualenvwrapper .
Virtualenvwrapper has certainly improved the situation , but even so , I ca n’t help but worry that the cd project-x , workon project-x , ( do some work ) , cd .. , deactivate work - flow is going to lead me to an early grave caused by a severe case of RSI .
So in order to retain my good health , I ’ve hacked together a bash function that automatically activates a virtualenv when you cd into a Git repository , and deactivates it when you leave the repository .
By default , it assumes that the virtualenv ’s name will be the same as the repository ’s name , but this can be overridden by creating a file called .venv in the repository ’s root directory with the name of another virtualenv in it .
# Automatically activate Git projects ' virtual environments based on the # directory name of the project .
Virtual environment name can be overridden # by placing a .venv file in the project root with a virtualenv name in it function workon_cwd { #
Check that this is a Git repo GIT_DIR = ` git rev-parse -- git - dir 2 > / dev / null ` if [ $ ? == 0 ] ; then #
Find the repo root and check for virtualenv name override GIT_DIR = ` \c d $ GIT_DIR ; pwd ` PROJECT_ROOT = ` dirname " $ GIT_DIR " ` ENV_NAME = ` basename " $ PROJECT_ROOT " ` if [ -f " $ PROJECT_ROOT /.venv " ] ; then ENV_NAME = ` cat " $ PROJECT_ROOT /.venv " ` fi #
Activate the environment only if it is not already active if [ " $ VIRTUAL_ENV " != " $ WORKON_HOME / $ ENV_NAME " ] ; then if [ -e " $ WORKON_HOME / $ ENV_NAME /bin/activate " ] ; then workon " $ ENV_NAME " && export CD_VIRTUAL_ENV = " $ ENV_NAME " fi fi elif [ $ CD_VIRTUAL_ENV ] ; then #
We 've just left the repo , deactivate the environment # Note : this only happens if the virtualenv was activated automatically deactivate && unset CD_VIRTUAL_ENV fi } #
New cd function that does the virtualenv magic function venv_cd { cd " [ email protected ] " && workon_cwd } alias cd = " venv_cd "
Note : for this to work you will need virtualenv and virtualenvwrapper installed .
To use it , just stick it in your . bashrc somewhere below where your $ WORKON_HOME is specified .
Update : I now use virtualenvwrapper ’s postactive and postdeactivate hooks for this purpose .
Here ’s the postactivate :
#!/bin/zsh # Global virtualenvwrapper postactivate , lives in $ WORKON_HOME / postactivate #
Remove virtual env from start of PS1 as it's in RPROMPT instead PS1 = " $ _OLD_VIRTUAL_PS1 " PROJECT_DIR = " $ HOME / projects / $ ( basename $ VIRTUAL_ENV ) " if [ -d $ PROJECT_DIR ] ; then #
If we are n't already within the project dir , cd into it if [ [ !
` pwd ` == " $ PROJECT_DIR * " ] ] ; then export PRE_VENV_ACTIVATE_DIR
= ` pwd ` cd " $ PROJECT_DIR " fi fi unset PROJECT_DIR
And the postdeactivate :
#!/bin/zsh # Global virtualenvwrapper postactivate , lives in $ WORKON_HOME / postdeactivate if [ $ PRE_VENV_ACTIVATE_DIR ] ; then cd $ PRE_VENV_ACTIVATE_DIR
unset PRE_VENV_ACTIVATE_DIR
fi
In injury cases , we have a proven record , with millions of dollars of compensation obtained for clients in settlements , verdicts and awards over the years .
In criminal defense cases , we have the skills to make sure your rights are protected .
Contact us today at our office for a free initial consultation about how we can help .
renameutils - Introduction
The file renaming utilities ( renameutils for short ) are a set of programs designed to make renaming of files faster and less cumbersome .
The file renaming utilities consists of five programs - qmv , qcp , imv , icp and deurlname .
The qmv ( " quick move " ) program allows file names to be edited in a text editor .
The names of all files in a directory are written to a text file , which is then edited by the user .
The text file is read and parsed , and the changes are applied to the files .
The qcp ( " quick cp " ) program works like qmv , but copies files instead of moving them .
The imv ( " interactive move " ) program , is trivial but useful when you are too lazy to type ( or even complete ) the name of the file to rename twice .
It allows a file name to be edited in the terminal using the GNU Readline library .
icp copies files .
The deurlname program removes URL encoded characters ( such as % 20 representing space ) from file names .
Some programs such as w3 m tend to keep those characters encoded in saved files .
The file renaming utilities are written in C by Oskar Liljeblad , and is free software licensed under terms of the GNU General Public License .
Note that these programs come with no warranty whatsoever .
They should be considered beta quality although I have carefully tested them and verified the code .
This means that I can not be responsible for any data loss caused by the file renaming utilities .
If you are afraid that that is going to happen , run qmv in dummy mode first ( see below ) .
News
The complete history of renameutils can be seen here .
Download
The latest version of renameutils can always be downloaded by following this link :
These files , as well as older versions , are available in the renameutils file area .
Thanks to Steve Christensen , you can also find pre-built packages of renameutils for Solaris on Sunfreeware.com .
Other Links
renameutils is mentioned on the following pages :
Copyright and License
renameutils is copyright ( C ) 2001 , 2002 , 2004 , 2005 , 2007 , 2008 Oskar Liljeblad .
This program is free software ; you can redistribute it and / or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation ; either version 3 of the License , or ( at your option ) any later version .
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful , but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY ; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE .
See the GNU General Public License for more details .
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program ; if not , write to the Free Software Foundation , Inc. , 59 Temple Place , Suite 330 , Boston , MA 02111-1307 USA
The source code of this project may contain files from other projects , and files generated by other projects , including :
Such files are licensed under the terms of the GNU General Public License or a license compatible with the GNU GPL ( as listed on http://www.gnu.org/licenses/license-list.html).
See each file for copyright details .
The Swedish translations in the po directory may contain translations from other projects , including :
See the specific message file ( PO file ) for copyright of those messages .
Requirements
The following programs are required to build renameutils :
GCC 2.95 or later
The GNU C Compiler is recommended , but other compilers might work .
GNU libintl
This is needed for localisation .
If you do n't have it , you can use the -- disable - nls option with the configure script .
The following programs are required for proper operation of renameutils :
GNU Readline Library ( libreadline ) 2.1 or later Both qmv and imv use readline .
The unix `mv ' command The imv program invokes `mv ' .
GNU libintl
This is needed unless you disable NLS support ( see above ) .
Installation
Compile the renameutils by running `configure ' and then `make ' .
This should produce executables in the src directory , which can be used right away .
If you want to install the renameutils on your system , run `make install ' .
This will copy the executables and the man pages into the appropriate directories ( usually /usr / local / bin and /usr / local / share / man / man1 , respecively ) .
For further details regarding `configure ' and `make ' , see the INSTALL file .
Usage
A list of options that each program accepts can be displayed by running it with the -- help option :
qmv -- help qcp -- help imv -- help icp -- help deurlname -- help
Please consult the manual page for each program for full usage information .
These documents can usually be viewed this way :
man ./qcmd.1
or
man -l qcmd.1
To rename a file using imv , use
imv FILENAME
To rename files in the current directory using qmv , use
qmv
or use the interactive mode of qmv :
qmv -i
Enable the simulation mode of qmv by specifying the - - dummy option .
I use imv and qmv in my user menu in Midnight Commander .
The following lines are in my ~/. mc / menu file :
q qmv qmv .
Q qmv wide qmv - owidth=120 .
r mv imv %f
Homepage
The latest version of the file renaming utilities can be downloaded from
Feedback
The author of the file renaming utilities and this document , Oskar Liljeblad , can be reached via email :
Please send bug reports , suggestions , ideas or comments in general to me .
Known bugs
The imv program defaults to - i ( -- interactive ) unlike mv which defaults to -f ( -- force ) .
This means that imv will ask before overwriting files .
The imv program trims the edited file name .
This means that the destination file name cannot have leading or trailing whitespace .
If you use alias mv=imv then you will only get the imv help and version number with mv -- help and mv --version .
Possible things to do
Please see the TODO document .
Scheme from Scratch has begun .
Our first objective is a Bootstrap Scheme interpreter implemented in C that can be used to compile a Scheme - to - Assembly compiler .
Bootstrap Scheme is a quick and very dirty REPL interpreter .
Bootstrap Scheme is a C port of the the metacircular evaluator presented in SICP section 4.1 .
The SICP metacircular evaluator is able to cut many large corners because the implementation and implemented languages are both Scheme .
There is no need to build a parser or garbage collector , for example .
With a C port , all of these sorts of features need to be implemented from scratch eventually .
I ’ll introduce the interpreter incrementally in the style of Ghuloum ’s An Incremental Approach to Compiler Construction .
This first step is only a language of integers with some of the general structure of the C implementation .
The objective is to have an interactive REPL session like the following .
$ ./scheme Welcome to Bootstrap Scheme .
Use ctrl -c to exit .
> 123 123 > - 123 - 123 > 007 7 > ^C $
We need to implement a model layer of integer ( a.k.a fixnum ) objects allocated in the heap .
There also needs to be a read layer to read an integer .
The evalulate layer is particularly simple because integers are self evaluating .
The results are finally displayed in the print layer .
A little driver loop in main directs the show .
The code is only about 100 lines long .
For anyone familiar with very basic C and SICP should be quite straightforward .
It is written to be readable above all else .
I remember a time when I thought only super - humans could implement an interpreter but a naive interpreter like this one is really just a matter of putting one foot in front of the next .
There is no garbage collection for now and there wo n’t be for quite a few more steps .
There is no pressing need for garbage collection because the programs being run are very small and so is the leaked memory .
Also a precise garbage collector really gums up the implementation making it less readable .
It is better to leave that until we are more comfortable with the interpreter implementation .
I ’ve put the code on github .
I ’m new to git and github which adds a bit more flavor to the project .
You can browse the code at the following address
http://github.com/petermichaux/bootstrap-scheme
and I created a branch specifically for this integers - only version
http://github.com/petermichaux/bootstrap-scheme/tree/v0.1
You can get the code with the following command
$ git clone git://github.com/petermichaux/bootstrap-scheme.git
You should be able to just run make and then the above REPL session example should work .
If anyone happens to be following along I ’d be glad to know .
Previous article : Introduction
Next article : Booleans
See also comments on : Hacker News and Reddit .
The Arizona Crew : 4409 , Tesla , Morpheus and Tom get together and put up 40 foot billboards on the side of I - 40 near Sanders , Arizona .
Now more than 25,000 people per day will see the sign and start questioning 911
The billboards are now broadcasting their pirate signal back into the Matrix .
The billboard companies CBS and Clear Channel were unwilling to put up the banner on " their " sites as the message was deemed " controversial " .
The message is now clear :
You will not question the official story !
Patriots Questioning 911 would be bad for their stockholders .
What would happen were some of the slaves reading the message wake up from their mass hypnosis ?
Ask your self why did this group come together to broadcast this message ?
The answer is the government , media is lying to you about the official story .
How could a 110 story building come down at the rate of free fall in the path of maximum resistance ?
Where did the residual thermite found at the WTC site come from ?
Where did the iron Nanospheres found in the dust come from ?
What cause building 7 to fall when it was hit by neither Plane nor Debris AND the BBC mentioned had fallen 20 minutes prior to its collapse ?
We will not let this issue rest till we have these answers !
Got some land ?
Lets do a billboard .
Freedom of speech and the press right .
Now get out there and rock and Roll the Bones ...
Get busy !
The Patriots decided to do an end around the main stream media and Build their own billboards this picture story of how it all unfolded .
Ask your self why did this group come together to broadcast this message ?
The answer is the government , media is lying to you about the official story .
How could a 110 story building come down at the rate of free fall in the path of maximum resistance ?
Where did the residual thermite found at the WTC site come from ?
Where did the iron Nanospheres found in the dust come from ?
What cause building 7 to fall when it was hit by neither Plane nor Debris AND the BBC mentioned had fallen 20 minutes prior to its collapse ?
We will not let this issue rest till we have these answers !
Got some land ?
Lets do a billboard .
Freedom of speech and the press right .
Now get out there and rock and Roll the Bones ...
Get busy !
We got a bunch of help with equipment sponsored by PT's Bar in Winslow .
Check them out and let them know you heard about them because of the billboards .
Now you have to cut your center pin for the socket side .
This part is tricky as getting the length right can be a bit tedious , this is why I said to get extra wire studs .
I went through about 6 before i got the perfect length
The first thing to do is put the pin from the Wire Stud into the socket , the hollow side should fit over the stock socket center pin easily .
You may want to crimp the hollow end a bit to give it a tighter hold on the stock center pin .
Now put in the insert you made in the last step .
Next is to slowly cut bits of the center pin off , testing with your plug adaptor to make sure you have n't cut too much off .
Stop when you reach a length that allows your magnets to sit flush with the large washer of the insert while still allowing the center pins to make a connection .
When you find the right length you should wrap the pin with a bit of electrical tape to keep it from shorting out on the sides of the magnets when it is charging .
Just be sure to leave the tip exposed .
Once you are close to the right length it may help to epoxy the socket insert down and leave the magnets un-epoxied .
That way you have a bit of play on the magnet side to adjust and ensure a connection before you finalize the whole deal .
When you epoxy the insert down make sure it is sitting flush and hold it for a few minutes until it sets .
I would suggest that when you epoxy the insert down you take care not to get any epoxy into the actual socket of the laptop , just try to keep it only on the underside of the larger washer .
This will make removal easier if it becomes necessary .
Ensure it is all functional and epoxy down your magnets and you 're done !
The American economy in 2010 will be torn between two opposing forces .
The first is that deep recessions usually lead to strong recoveries .
The other is that financial crises usually produce weak recoveries .
The interplay of these two forces will produce a cycle that resembles not a V , U or W , but a reverse - square - root symbol : an expansion that begins surprisingly briskly , then gives way to a long period of weak growth .
Recessions interrupt the economy 's natural inclination to grow .
They create pent - up demand for homes and other goods , and prompt businesses to slash production , payrolls and investment to levels well below what normal sales require .
Ordinarily , the deeper the downturn , the more powerful the reversal of those effects .
Based on experience , the American economy , which shrank by some 4 % over the course of the 2007 - 09 recession , ought to grow by as much as 8 % in its first year of recovery .
The unemployment rate , around 10 % in late 2009 , should drop to about 8 % .
That wo n't happen .
But growth could still beat the consensus forecast of 2.5 % in 2010 .
Business inventories are deeply depressed and even a modest swing to restocking will bring a rapid rebound in factory production .
New - home construction is at its lowest proportion of GDP since 1960 , and the inventory of unsold new homes the slimmest in 17 years .
A sizeable upturn is in store .
Capital spending is at its lowest relative to GDP in 40 years and is due to rise .
The Obama administration 's $ 787 billion fiscal - stimulus package has been criticised for dribbling money into the economy too slowly , but for that reason it will support growth well into 2010 .
None of these factors , however , can sustain strong growth past 2010 without a self - sustaining cycle of private spending and income growth .
Several obstacles stand in the way of that transition .
Through to mid-2009 households had lost $ 12 trillion , or 19 % of their wealth , because of the collapse in house and stock prices .
That saps their purchasing power and pushes them to save more , especially those nearing retirement .
Though they 'll boost their saving only gradually , that still means consumer spending ( about 70 % of GDP ) will grow more slowly than income , after two decades in which it usually grew more quickly .
High unemployment will hold back wage gains ( see chart ) ; wage cuts are already commonplace .
Leaving aside swings in energy prices , inflation , now about 1.5 % , will slip to zero and may turn to deflation in late 2010 .
Deflation drives up real debt burdens , further sapping consumer spending .
High interest rates caused most previous recessions , and low rates ended them .
Not this one .
When it began , the Fed 's short - term rate at 5.25 % was not particularly high .
The Fed cut it in effect to zero and aggressively expanded its balance - sheet by making loans and buying long - term bonds .
In spite of that , bank loans to business and consumers are falling , as are loans packaged into private , asset - backed securities .
Only the government - backed mortgage agencies , Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae , continue to expand credit .
This reflects not just a lack of willing borrowers , but the lasting damage to the financial infrastructure that matches savers with investors .
The International Monetary Fund studied 88 banking crises in the past four decades and found they led to sustained losses of output .
Swathes of America's “ shadow banking system ” of finance companies , investment banks and hedge funds have been vaporised .
The government wo n't let any more big banks fail , but the survivors are neither inclined nor able to expand their lending much .
Residential - and commercial - property values fell by $ 8 trillion , or almost 20 % , through to mid-2009 , impairing existing loans and eroding the collateral for new ones .
Regulators are also proposing to raise capital requirements , which will further encourage bankers to turn down borrowers .
America will not slip back into recession or a lost decade akin to Japan's
Other crisis - racked countries , such as Sweden in the early 1990s and South Korea in the late 1990s , rode devalued currencies and booming exports back to health .
That wo n't work for America : the rest of the world is n't big or healthy enough , and a steeply falling dollar would inflict deflationary harm on others .
Fiscal and monetary policies were admirably aggressive in 2009 , but a withdrawal of either would threaten growth beyond 2010 .
The scheduled expiration of Mr Obama 's stimulus will subtract up to 2 % from GDP in 2011 .
But Mr Obama will not want to push for significantly more stimulus since voters are already worried about big government and the deficit , and Republicans will exploit that sentiment as they seek to pick up seats in the 2010 congressional elections .
The Fed , under fire for its meddling in the markets and expanded balance - sheet , may be tempted to raise interest rates early in 2010 if growth is surprisingly good ; it will resist .
The list of roadblocks is depressing , but America will not slip back into recession or a lost decade akin to Japan 's in the 1990s .
It did not enter its crisis with as much overinvestment as others , Japan in particular ; its population is still growing ( Japan 's is shrinking ) .
It took two years to tackle its banks ' problems ; Japan took seven .
Boom times will be back .
Just not very soon .
Greg Ip : United States economics editor , The Economist
End of the Century : The Story of the Ramones is a 2003 documentary about the highly influential punk rock band the Ramones .
The film , produced and directed by Jim Fields and Michael Gramaglia , follows the band ’s history and 22 years of touring .
The movie was generally well received by critics and fans alike , receiving a 96 % on Rotten Tomatoes .
It was released on DVD August 9 , 2005 .
The film tells the story of the Ramones from their beginnings at CBGB ’s to their induction in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame .
It includes commentary by Dee Dee Ramone , Johnny Ramone , Joey Ramone , Marky Ramone , C.J. Ramone , Tommy Ramone , Richie Ramone , Elvis Ramone and others ( including Joey ’s mother and brother ) .
The DVD also features a video of Marky showing that he can play drums heavy metal style and challenging metal drummers to play in the style of the Ramones .
Submitted By : Jim Fields
Think you ’ve heard every excuse for getting out of jury duty ?
You ’ve probably never heard this one : I ca n’t serve because I ’m busy being the leader of the free world .
They say everyone is eligible for jury duty , and everyone includes President Barack Obama .
He received the summons at his home in the Chicago area and was supposed to serve during a trial that starts today .
The White House told the court , however , that the president would n’t be able to make it .
It seems he ’s a bit busy these days , with his first State of the Union speech coming up on Wednesday .
Besides , would n’t you rather spend a Monday hanging out with the Los Angeles Lakers ?
Kobe and Co. are visiting the White House to celebrate their recent NBA title .
UNIONDALE , N.Y. --
The Detroit Red Wings had no legs Tuesday , only hands of stone .
They were outskated and outplayed badly by the New York Islanders .
And they made matters worse with a slew of turnovers .
It resulted in what surely was the Red Wings ’ worst performance of the season , a 6 - 0 loss at the Nassau Memorial Coliseum .
The road - weary Red Wings , coming off an impressive 3 - 1 West Coast trip and playing their fifth consecutive game away from home , mustered a season - low 16 shots on goal and , by coach Mike Babcock ’s estimation , a season - low four quality scoring chances .
“ I ’m just thankful it was n’t at home , ” Babcock said .
“ Normally we come back from the West , get home at 7 in the morning , and two days later you play at home and you look like that .
Thank God that was on the road and hopefully not too many people were watching television . ”
Dwayne Roloson recorded his 24th career shutout , his first this season .
It is the seventh time the Red Wings have been shut out , all in the past 23 games .
The last time they were blanked this many times was 1976 - 77 , when they were shut out a franchise - record 11 times en route to a 41 - point season .
“ We knew it was going to be a battle coming all the way back across the country , but mentally we were n’t quite ready and it showed from the start , ” defenseman Brad Stuart said .
“ We turned the puck over too much , we spent too much time in our zone .
We were n’t quick enough .
All over the ice we seemed to be a step behind .
Pretty ugly .
We should all be pretty disappointed in ourselves . ”
In dominating from start to finish , the upstart Islanders got a pair of goals in each period and improved to 7 - 2 - 1 in their past 10 .
Detroit goaltender Jimmy Howard was victimized by a mistake - prone defense and a lethargic offense .
Trailing 3 - 0 , Babcock did not want to subject Howard to any more of that sloppiness , so he pulled him at 9:18 of the second period in favor of Chris Osgood , who made his first appearance since Dec. 20 .
“ I just thought Howie ’s been playing real good for us and obviously things were n’t going well , ” Babcock said .
“ Ozzie has n’t played much and we ’re going to need Ozzie .
We got back - to - backs coming up ( Saturday and Sunday ) .
I thought it was important to get him in a game . ”
Babcock said Howard will start Thursday at home against Carolina .
Looking for a spark with his team trailing 2 - 0 early in the second period , Babcock replaced Henrik Zetterberg with Valtteri Filppula on the top line , with Pavel Datsyuk and Todd Bertuzzi .
“ I tried lots of different things .
None of them worked , ” Babcock said .
“ I ’m not trying to take anything away from their team , but we just did n’t have any life . ”
The Islanders took a 3 - 0 lead on Rob Schremp ’s second goal of the game at 8:07 of the second period .
Stuart fanned on a pass and coughed up the puck in front of his own net , enabling Schremp to break in alone on Howard and beat him with a deke .
“ We did n’t give our goalies any help whatsoever , making mistakes , ” Red Wings forward Kris Draper said .
“ There ’s no excuse for it .
You come from the West Coast , you got only that one day ( of practice ) in between , you really got to play smart .
We did n’t do that .
“ We were awful in the neutral zone .
They just kept coming back at us .
We just bailed on ( their goalies ) .
It was a tough night for Howie and Ozzie ; we have to take responsibility for that . ”
Mark Streit ’s power - play goal at 16:19 of second period made it 4 - 0 .
Kyle Okposo and Bruno Gervais added to the rout by scoring goals in the third period .
The fast - skating Islanders opened the scoring on Matt Moulson ’s goal at 1:11 of the first period and led 2 - 0 on Schremp ’s first goal at 15:43 of the first .
The travel , the compressed schedule and their deteriorated depth caused by injuries has taken its toll , but the Red Wings were not making any excuses for this painful performance .
“ We ’ve been here before , many trips to the West Coast and coming back and playing a game , so we should be able to put up a better effort than we did today , ” Zetterberg said .
“ There ’s no excuses , we were n’t good enough . ”
But the group warned that the growth could slow .
Much of the wind development in 2009 was caused by momentum from 2008 , as huge turbines ordered then were delivered to wind farms .
In 2009 , the recession idled many manufacturers and new orders weakened , which could portend an installation slowdown this year .
“ The U.S. wind industry shattered all installation records in 2009 , and this was directly attributable to the lifeline that was provided by the stimulus package , ” said Denise Bode , the trade association ’s chief executive .
“ The second half of the year was extraordinary .
But manufacturers did n’t see much growth because they had built up so much inventory . ”
About as much new power - generating capacity came from wind as from natural gas last year , Ms. Bode said .
Together , new wind and natural gas projects accounted for about 80 percent of all new generating capacity added in the country .
The wind industry has undergone rapid growth in recent years .
Since 2002 , the country ’s installed base of wind turbines has jumped almost sevenfold .
Image Credit ...
The New York Times
Even so , the American industry has lagged behind Europe , which gets about 5 percent of its electricity from wind .
The European Commission has set an ambitious mandate to achieve 20 percent of electrical production from wind and other renewable sources by 2020 .
Denmark has essentially achieved that goal already , and sometimes produces more wind power than it can use .
Extending the iostream library Cay S. Horstmann
Thanks to James K. Lowden for the conversion to HTML .
This article appeared originally in C++ Report , Volume 6 , Number 4 , May 1994 .
1. Introduction
With the first release of C++ came two libraries , complex.h and stream .h.
The complex library makes perfect sense , at least to that mandarin minority of programmers dealing with complex numbers .
After all , overloading of the arithmetic operators is just what is needed to handle complex numbers as easily as real numbers .
But did the streams really answer a pressing need ?
Most C programmers are perfectly happy with stdio.h .
In fact , I must confess that my original attraction to C was not caused by its charming syntax but because stdio.h file handling was far easier than in Pascal .
Many C++ programmers embrace classes and virtual functions but stick with stdio.h for input and output .
Why do n't streams get more respect ?
In a nutshell , formatting .
With printf , formatting is phenomenally simple :
printf ( " ( %8.2f , %8.2f )
" , x , y ) ;
For a long time , it was a well - kept secret that you can do formatting with streams at all .
The first description of stream formatting that I came across is [ 1 , appendix A ] .
I eventually figured out that the stream equivalent of the printf statement above is
cout << " ( " << setprecision ( 2 ) << setiosflags ( ios : : fixed )
<< setw ( 8 ) << x << " , " << setw ( 8 ) << y << " ) " << endl ;
This revelation did nothing to increase my enthusiasm for streams .
Of course streams do have two advantages .
They are typesafe .
You can't do dumb mistakes like
double x ;
scanf ( " %f " , &x ) ; // double * requires %lf
And they are extensible .
To provide input and output for complex numbers , one merely needs to implement
istream& operator >>( istream& , Complex& ) ;
ostream& operator < <( ostream& , Complex ) ;
Now complex numbers can be extracted from , and inserted to , any kind of stream , such as file and string streams , and not just cin and cout .
In fact , streams are extensible in another way .
Not only can input and output be defined for new data types , but new stream classes that interact with new devices can be derived from the basic stream classes .
In this regard , the stream library functions as a framework for new stream classes .
Until very recently , deriving new stream classes was a very black art that required reading through the source code for the stream library for guidance .
A brand new book [ 2 ] , devoted entirely to the stream library , removes much of that challenge .
In this article , I present an overview over the formatting and buffering architecture of streams and give two practical applications .
I describe a manipulator that makes formatting much easier .
For example , the print statement above becomes
cout << " ( " << setformat ( " %8.2f " ) << x << " , "
<< setformat ( " 8.2f " ) << y << " ) " << endl ;
which is almost tolerable .
And I derive a new stream class for Microsoft Windows programming that routes diagnostic messages into a special debug window .
You use it just like any other ostream .
debugout << " ( " << << x << " , " << << y << " ) " << endl ;
This is much nicer than using a message box for displaying diagnostics -- you do n't need to click ` Ok ' every time , and the messages stick around in the debug window .
2. Formatting
The stream library actually performs two unrelated tasks : formatting and buffering .
Formatting is the act of translating between binary data and their character representations .
It is done by the class ios , the base class for both istream and ostream .
The ios class keeps a format state that governs formatting .
The format state specifies
the field width
the fill character
field alignment
integer base ( decimal , hex or octal )
floating point format ( fixed , scientific or general )
whether to show a + sign , trailing decimal point and zeros thereafter , or the integer base
whether to use upper - or lowercase letters for E , 0X , and the hex digits A ... F
The interface for setting the format state is less than stellar .
For each item , there are two ways to change the setting , with an ios member function and with a manipulator .
For example , to set the fill character to * , say for printing checks , you either call
cout.fill ('*' ) ;
or
cout << setfill ( '*' ) ;
The fill function is just an ordinary member function of the ios class .
I will explain in the next section how the setfill manipulator works .
Their effect is the same , but the manipulator is a bit more convenient since it can be combined with other << operations in the same statement .
On the other hand , the member function returns the old fill value which is nice if you need to restore it .
To set the field width , you use the member function ios :: width , or , somewhat illogically , the manipulator setw .
The other portions of the format state are implemented as bits or groups of bits .
Bits can be turned on with the member function ios :: setf or a manipulator called - - you guessed it -- setiosflags .
To turn a bit off , use ios :: unsetf or the manipulator called ( I am not making this up ) resetiosflags .
For example , to have a string left aligned in a field with width 20 and fill character * , use either
cout.setf ( ios ::left ) ;
cout.fill ('*' ) ;
cout.width( 20 ) ;
cout << " Hello , World ! " ;
or
cout << setiosflags ( ios : : left ) << setfill ( '*') << setw ( 20 )
<< " Hello , World ! " ;
By default , floating point numbers are printed in general format , Scientific notation is used when necessary to show the significant digits ( 6 by default ) , fixed point format otherwise .
For example ,
cout << 123.456789 << ' ' << 123456789 ;
prints 123.457 1.23457e+007 .
( You can get an uppercase E by setting ios :: uppercase ) .
You can explicitly choose either scientific or fixed format with the ios flags scientific or fixed .
cout << setiosflags ( ios : : fixed ) ;
cout.setf( ios : : scientific ) ;
To reset to general format , there is n't a flag ios :: general .
Instead , you must use
cout << resetiosflags ( ios : : floatfield ) ;
or
cout.unsetf(ios :: floatfield ) ;
Do n't ask why .
To see a + sign for positive numbers , use ios :: showpos .
( This also works for integers . )
To see trailing zeros , use ios :: showpoint .
For example ,
cout.setf ( ios : : fixed | ios :: showpoint | ios :: showpos ) ;
cout << 123.456 ;
prints +123.456000 .
You can change the precision from the default 6 .
cout << setprecision ( 10 ) << 123.45678
or
cout.precision ( 10 ) ;
cout << 123.45678
prints 123.45678 .
In general format , the precision denotes the number of significant digits , in fixed and scientific formats the number of digits after the decimal point .
( Not all implementations handle this correctly . )
Integers can be formatted in decimal , hexadecimal or octal .
int n = 12 ;
cout << hex << n << ' ';
cout << oct << n << ' ';
cout << dec << n << endl ;
prints c 14 12 .
To show the base and print the letters in uppercase , use :
cout.setf( ios :: showbase | ios::uppercase ) ;
Now the same numbers print as 0XC 014 12 .
Instead of the manipulators , you can also use ios flags dec , oct and hex .
cout.setf ( ios : : hex ) ;
As a final twist , keep in mind that all format state settings persist until they are set to a different value , except for field width .
Field width reverts to 0 ( i.e. print as many characters as necessary ) after each output operation .
Table 1 . manipulators and corresponding ios operations manipulator ios operation
setfill fill setw width setprecision precision setiosflags setf resetiosflags unsetf hex
oct
dec
Table 2 . ios flags ios : : flag meaning
left left alignment right right alignment internal sign left , remainder right dec decimal base hex hex base oct octal base showbase show integer base showpos show + sign uppercase uppercase E , X , and hex digits A ... F fixed fixed floating point format scientific scientific floating point format showpoint show trailing decimal point and zeros
3. Manipulators
We have seen a number of manipulators ( endl , setw ( n ) , ... ) for formatting output .
In this section , we will see what they are and how they work .
The endl manipulator , like every manipulator that does not take an argument , is a function :
ostream& endl( ostream& os )
{ os << '
';
os.flush ( ) ;
return os ;
}
An ostream is prepared to accept a pointer to such a manipulator function :
ostream& ostream : : operator < <( ostream& ( * m ) ( ostream& ) )
{ return ( * m ) ( * this ) ;
}
Manipulators that take an argument are more difficult .
Consider the setw manipulator that takes an integer argument .
It sets the width of either the next input field or the next output field .
The obvious extension of the previous method does not work :
ios& setw ( ios& s , int w )
{ s.width(w ) ;
return s ;
}
os << setw ( 10 ) << x ;
The expression setw ( 10 ) is illegal since the setw function takes two arguments .
( We were lucky with functions taking a single argument - - omitting the argument results in a legal object , a function pointer . )
Instead , the value of the expression setw ( 10 ) must be an object that the stream can accept .
There are two possibilities for setting this up .
We can define a class setw with a constructor setw ( int ) .
Or we can define a function setw ( int ) that returns an object of some class .
The second approach is preferred because it only introduces a new function for each manipulator , not a new class .
Functions are considered lightweight features , but there is always some hesitation to introduce new classes without a compelling reason .
The setw ( int ) function needs to return an object of some class .
That class is shared among all integer manipulators .
Other manipulators take other arguments , say of type T , such as long or char* .
A template SMANIP < T > defines the return type of the manipulator function .
The return object is designed to remember
the action to take on the stream
the argument ( of type T )
Here is the class definition .
template < class T> class SMANIP
{
public :
SMANIP ( ios& ( * a ) ( ios& , T ) , T v ) ;
friend ios& operator <<( ios& , const SMANIP <T >& ) ;
private :
ios& ( * _action ) ( ios& , T ) ;
T _value ;
} ;
( The SMANIP template produces manipulators for the class ios .
There are also templates IMANIP and OMANIP for istream and ostream class manipulators . )
The overloaded << operator applies the stored action on the ios object , using the stored value as the second argument .
template < class T> ios& operator <<( ios& s , const SMANIP <T>& m)
{ return ( * m._action ) ( s , m._value ) ;
}
The setw ( int ) function returns a specific applicator , specifying the width setting action , and the integer width to be set .
The width setting action is given by a function , named do_setw , with two arguments .
It invokes the width operation of the ios class .
static ios& do_setw ( ios& s , int n )
{ s.width(n ) ;
return s ;
}
Now we are ready to implement the original setw ( int ) manipulator function
SMANIP < int > setw ( int n )
{ return SMANIP < int >( do_setw , n ) ;
}
4 . A convenient manipulator to set format state
The stream format interface , with all its manipulators , is cumbersome and not terribly intuitive .
Many programmers prefer the interface of the printf function .
According to [ 3 , pp. 243 ] , printf accepts a format string consisting of flags ( in any order ) , a number specifying the field width , a period followed by the precision ( for floating point numbers only ) , and a type .
Flags and types are
-
left justification
+
show + sign
0
show leading zeros
# use `alternate ' format -- leading 0 or 0x/0X for octal or
hexadecimal numbers , show decimal point and trailing
zeros for floating point numbers space if the first character is not a sign , prefix a space d
decimal
o
octal
x , X
hexadecimal , X uses uppercase letters f fixed floating point e , E scientific floating point , E uses uppercase E g , G general floating point , G uses uppercase E
( Of course , this interface has its problems too , especially the `alternate ' format .
But it has one thing going for it -- tradition . )
Our plan is to write a manipulator setformat that takes a printf style string and translates it into stream formatting instructions .
For example ,
cout << setformat ( " %+06 d " ) ;
is converted to
cout << setiosflags ( ios : : internal|ios ::showpos|ios::dec )
<< setfill ( '0 ' ) << setw ( 6 ) ;
and sets a leading + sign and leading zeros , a field width of 6 and decimal number output .
Unlike printf , no errors are introduced when a floating point number is printed inadvertently after a %d. While
printf ( " %+06d " , M_E ) ;
will do something wrong ,
cout << setformat ( " %+06 d " ) << M_E ;
just prints e with the given style and field width .
The d has no effect since it sets integer state to decimal .
Any characters in the format string that are not part of a format string ( starting with % ) are passed to the stream verbatim .
cout << setformat ( " The result is % 8.2f " ) << x ;
This is a minor convenience only .
All non format characters in the string are inserted into the stream before any other insertions .
cout << setformat ( " ( %8.2f , %8.2f ) " ) << x << y ; // NO
will not work as one might expect from printf .
Also , since setformat merely translates the printf style commands to their ios equivalents , the characteristic ios behavior is unchanged - - format state is persistent until changed , except for field width which is reset to 0 after every operation .
To implement the setformat manipulator , we first code a function performing the essential conversion task that we call do_setformat .
static ostream& do_setformat ( ostream& os , const char fmt [ ] )
{ int i = 0 ;
while ( fmt[i ] != 0 )
{ if ( fmt [ i ] != '%') { os << fmt[i ] ; i++; }
else
{ i++;
if ( fmt [ i ] == ' % ' ) { os << fmt[i ] ; i++ ; }
else
{ Bool ok = TRUE ;
int istart = i ;
Bool more = TRUE ;
int width = 0 ;
int precision = 6 ;
long flags = 0 ;
char fill = ' ';
Bool alternate = FALSE ;
while ( more )
{ switch ( fmt[i ] )
{
case '+ ':
flags |= ios :: showpos ;
break ;
case '-':
flags |= ios :: left ;
break ;
case ' 0 ' :
flags |= ios :: internal ;
fill = ' 0 ' ;
break ;
case '# ' :
alternate = TRUE ;
break ;
case ' ':
break ;
default :
more = FALSE ;
break ;
}
if ( more ) i++;
}
if ( isdigit ( fmt [ i ] ) )
{ width = atoi( fmt+i ) ;
do i++ ; while ( isdigit ( fmt [ i ] ) ) ;
}
if ( fmt [i ] == '.')
{ i++;
precision = atoi( fmt+i ) ;
while ( isdigit ( fmt [ i ] ) ) i++;
}
switch ( fmt[i ] )
{
case 'd ' :
flags |= ios :: dec ;
break ;
case 'x ' :
flags |= ios : : hex ;
if ( alternate ) flags |= ios :: showbase ;
break ;
case ' X ' :
flags |= ios : : hex | ios :: uppercase ;
if ( alternate ) flags |= ios :: showbase ;
break ;
case 'o ' :
flags |= ios : : hex ;
if ( alternate ) flags |= ios :: showbase ;
break ;
case 'f ' :
flags |= ios :: fixed ;
if ( alternate ) flags |= ios :: showpoint ;
break ;
case 'e ' :
flags |= ios :: scientific ;
if ( alternate ) flags |= ios :: showpoint ;
break ;
case ' E ' :
flags |= ios :: scientific | ios:: uppercase ;
if ( alternate ) flags |= ios :: showpoint ;
break ;
case 'g ' :
if ( alternate ) flags |= ios :: showpoint ;
break ;
case ' G ' :
flags |= ios :: uppercase ;
if ( alternate ) flags |= ios :: showpoint ;
break ;
default :
ok = FALSE ;
break ;
}
i++;
if ( fmt [i ] != 0 ) ok = FALSE ;
if ( ok )
{ os.unsetf ( ios : : adjustfield | ios :: basefield |
ios : : floatfield ) ;
os.setf( flags ) ;
os.width( width ) ;
os.precision( precision ) ;
os.fill ( fill ) ;
}
else i = istart ;
}
}
}
return os ;
}
Imitating the implementation of the setw manipulator , setformat simply becomes
OMANIP < const char*> do_setformat( const char* fmt )
{ return OMANIP < const char *>( do_setformat , fmt ) ;
}
5. Buffering
The ios class concerns itself with formatting , the conversion between binary data and their ASCII characters representations .
Transporting these characters from and to devices is the responsibility of the streambuf class and its descendants .
When a stream object is constructed , it should receive the location of a stream buffer object .
The formatting functions call upon that stream buffer object to obtain or transmit characters .
For efficiency , it is usually desirable to buffer input and output , that is , to read and write data chunks of some fixed size at a time .
Classes derived from streambuf perform these tasks by overriding three virtual functions :
virtual int streambuf : : overflow ( int ch ) ;
virtual int streambuf : :underflow ( ) ;
virtual int streambuf : : sync( ) ;
Objects of class streambuf manage a buffer area that is dynamically divided into a get area for input and a put area for output .
The overflow function must create space in the put area , for example by saving characters to a file , and either save its argument ch as well or place it into the put area .
The underflow function must fill the get area with characters from the associated device .
The sync function synchronizes the buffer with the external device , by flushing its buffers when possible and adjusting the current device level get and put positions .
The streambuf class supplies ( non-virtual ) member functions to obtain and manipulate the pointers into the get and put areas .
One can dispense with buffering by not supplying a buffer area .
Then overflow and underflow interact with the device a character at a time , and sync need not be redefined .
Conversely , one can enhance an existing buffer class with working overflow ( such as filebuf ) and just listen in to the sync activities to route output to a second device .
We will see an example of the latter in the next section .
6 . Routing stream output to a debug window
Rather than routing output to a file , as the fstream class does , we will design a class that sends it to a window on the desktop .
The window logs up to 16,000 characters , and long text can be retrieved using the scroll bars .
Since we will only change the buffering , and not the formatting , the same formatting commands that work for all streams will continue to work .
Here is how you use it .
Declare an object of type DebugStream .
DebugStream cdebug ;
To send messages to the debug stream , use the regular stream calls :
cdebug << " Message : " << setw ( 5 ) << n << endl ;
You should use << endl , not << "
" , at the end of each line to get the buffer flushed immediately .
Otherwise the text stays buffered until the buffer overflows or the stream is flushed or closed .
Of course , by declaring more than one instance of class DebugStream , you can have more than one debug stream window at the same time .
You can attach a debug stream to a file
cdebug.open ( " debug.dat " ) ;
and all debug output is sent both to the window and the file with the given name .
This module builds upon two existing facilities , C++ streams and the Windows EDIT class .
The point is not to come up with the most efficient implementation but to show how far one can get while being as lazy as possible .
The DebugStream class is derived from ostream and hence gives the user the same << facilities of regular streams , including manipulators such as setw , endl , and , yes , setformat .
It constructs a buffer of type DebugStreamBuffer whose address is passed to the ostream constructor .
class DebugStream : public ostream
{
public :
DebugStream ( ) : ostream ( new DebugStreamBuffer ( ) ) , ios ( 0 ) {}
~ DebugStream ( ) { delete rdbuf ( ) ; }
void open ( const char fname [ ] = 0 ) { _buf.open ( fname ) ; }
void close ( ) { _buf.close ( ) ; }
} ;
The DebugStreamBuffer class is derived from filebuf to achieve file logging for free .
It turns out that only the virtual sync ( ) function needs to be overloaded to copy the buffered text before it is sent to the file .
( Alternatively , if no file logging was desired , one could turn off buffering and override the virtual overflow ( ) function . )
class DebugStreamBuffer : public filebuf
{
public :
DebugStreamBuffer ( ) { filebuf : : open ( " NUL " , ios : : out ) ; }
void open ( const char fname [ ] ) ;
void close ( ) { _win.close ( ) ; filebuf ::close ( ) ;}
virtual int sync ( ) ;
private :
DebugStreamWindow _win ;
} ;
void DebugStreamBuffer ::open ( const char fname [ ] )
{ close ( ) ;
filebuf : : open ( fname ? fname : " NUL " ,
ios :: out | ios : : app | ios:: trunc ) ;
_win.open ( fname ) ;
}
int DebugStreamBuffer::sync ()
{ int count = out_waiting ( ) ;
_win.append ( pbase( ) , count ) ;
return filebuf : : sync( ) ;
}
All code relating to streams is complete .
What remains is to bring up a text window on the screen , and to provide the mechanics of stuffing text into it .
To avoid reinventing the wheel , we use a window with an EDIT child window to display the text .
class DebugStreamWindow
{
public :
DebugStreamWindow ( ) : _win(0 ) , _edit(0 ) {}
void open ( const char fname [ ] = 0 ) ;
void close ( ) { DestroyWindow ( m_win ) ; }
void append ( const char text [ ] , int count ) ;
~ DebugStreamWindow ( ) { close ( ) ; }
private :
enum { BUFSIZE = 16000 } ;
int removeFirst ( ) ;
int getLength ( ) ;
static long FAR PASCAL _export winProc
( HWND hwnd , UINT message , UINT wParam , LONG lParam ) ;
HWND _win ;
HWND _edit ;
} ;
To open the window , we go through the usual RegisterClass / CreateWindow sequence .
The only nonstandard aspect is the way in which we obtain the instance handle of the current application .
The window procedure of the DEBUGWIN window class creates the EDIT child window and handles WM_SIZE .
Note the usual trick of storing the this pointer of the associated C++ object in the `extra ' bytes .
void DebugStreamWindow : : open ( const char fname [ ] )
/* PURPOSE : Open a window for output logging
RECEIVES : fname - the file name ( for the window title )
*/
{ if ( _win ) close ( ) ;
char* title = new char [ ( fname ? strlen ( fname ) : 0 ) + 20 ] ;
if ( title )
{ strcpy ( title , " DebugStream " ) ;
if ( fname )
{ strcat ( title , " - ( " ) ;
strcat ( title , fname ) ;
strcat ( title , " ) " ) ;
}
}
HTASK hTask = GetCurrentTask ( ) ;
TASKENTRY te ;
te.dwSize = sizeof ( te ) ;
TaskFindHandle ( &te , hTask ) ;
HINSTANCE hInstance = te.hInst ;
WNDCLASS wndclass ;
wndclass.style = CS_HREDRAW | CS_VREDRAW ;
wndclass.lpfnWndProc = winProc ;
wndclass.cbClsExtra = 0 ;
wndclass.cbWndExtra = sizeof ( void far * ) ;
wndclass .hInstance = hInstance ;
wndclass.hIcon = LoadIcon ( NULL , IDI_ASTERISK ) ;
wndclass .hCursor = LoadCursor ( NULL , IDC_ARROW ) ;
wndclass.hbrBackground = ( HBRUSH ) GetStockObject ( WHITE_BRUSH
) ;
wndclass.lpszMenuName = NULL ;
wndclass.lpszClassName = " DEBUGWIN " ;
RegisterClass ( &wndclass ) ;
_win = CreateWindow ( " DEBUGWIN " , title ,
WS_OVERLAPPEDWINDOW | WS_VISIBLE ,
CW_USEDEFAULT , CW_USEDEFAULT ,
CW_USEDEFAULT , CW_USEDEFAULT ,
NULL , NULL ,
h Instance , ( LPSTR ) this ) ;
delete [ ] title ;
}
long FAR PASCAL _export DebugStreamWindow:: winProc
( HWND hWnd , UINT message , UINT wParam , LONG lParam )
{ DebugStreamWindow * this Win =
( DebugStreamWindow * ) GetWindowLong ( hWnd , 0 ) ;
// caveat : this pointer is 0 until after WM_CREATE ;
switch ( message )
{
case WM_CREATE :
LPCREATESTRUCT lpcs = ( LPCREATESTRUCT ) lParam ;
this Win = ( DebugStreamWindow * ) lpcs->lpCreateParams ;
SetWindowLong (
hWnd , 0 , ( LONG ) this Win ) ;
this Win ->_edit = CreateWindow ( " EDIT " , NULL ,
WS_CHILD | WS_VISIBLE | WS_HSCROLL | WS_VSCROLL |
ES_LEFT | ES_MULTILINE | ES_READONLY |
ES_AUTOHSCROLL | ES_AUTOVSCROLL ,
0 , 0 , 0 , 0 ,
h Wnd , 1 ,
lpcs->hInstance , NULL ) ;
return 0 ;
case WM_SIZE :
MoveWindow ( this Win -> _edit , 0 , 0 , LOWORD ( lParam ) ,
HIWORD ( lParam ) , TRUE ) ;
return 0 ;
case WM_DESTROY :
this Win ->_win = 0 ;
this Win ->_edit = 0 ;
break ;
}
return DefWindowProc
( hWnd , message , wParam , lParam ) ;
}
Text is entered into the edit window by the EM_REPLACESEL command , the only method I found of changing the edit text .
void DebugStreamWindow : : append ( const char text [ ] , int count )
/* PURPOSE : Append text to the output window
RECEIVES : text - the start of the text
count - the number of bytes
REMARKS : This function performs
-> \r
translation
*/
{ if ( ! _win ) open ( ) ;
if (! _edit || ! count ) return ;
char * t = new char [ 2 * count+1 ] ; // worst case
if ( t == 0 ) return ; // out of memory
int tlen = 0 ; // index into t
for ( int i = 0 ; i < count ; i++)
{ if ( text [ i ] == '
')
t[tlen ++] = ' \r ' ;
t[tlen ++] = text [ i ] ;
}
t [ tlen ] = 0 ;
int nchar = getLength ( ) ;
while ( nchar > 0 && nchar + tlen > BUFSIZE )
nchar -= removeFirst ( ) ;
SendMessage ( _edit , EM_SETSEL , 0 , MAKELONG ( nchar , nchar ) ) ;
SendMessage ( _edit , EM_REPLACESEL , 0 , ( long ) ( const char far * ) t ) ;
SendMessage ( _edit , EM_SETREADONLY , TRUE , 0 ) ;
delete [ ] t ;
}
int DebugStreamWindow::getLength ( )
/* PURPOSE : Get the length of the text in the edit box
*/
{ if ( ! _edit ) return 0 ;
int linecount = SendMessage ( _edit , EM_GETLINECOUNT , 0 , 0L ) ;
int nlast = SendMessage ( _edit , EM_LINEINDEX , linecount - 1 , 0L ) ;
if ( nlast < 0 ) nlast = 0 ;
else nlast += SendMessage ( _edit , EM_LINELENGTH , nlast , 0L ) ;
return nlast ;
}
int DebugStreamWindow::removeFirst ( )
/* PURPOSE : Remove the first line in the edit box
RETURNS :
The length of the removed line
*/
{ if ( ! _edit ) return 0 ;
int nfirst = SendMessage ( _edit , EM_LINEINDEX , 1 , 0L ) ;
if ( nfirst >= 0 )
{ SendMessage ( _edit , EM_SETSEL , 0 , MAKELONG ( 0 , nfirst ) ) ;
SendMessage ( _edit , EM_REPLACESEL , 0 ,
( long ) ( const char far * ) " " ) ;
return nfirst ;
}
else return 0 ;
}
This completes the implementation of the DebugStream class .
Naturally , the same mechanism can be employed to send debug messages to another destination .
7. Conclusion
Common wisdom holds that streams are superior to stdio because they are typesafe and extensible .
In this article I showed that the extensibility goes far beyond the addition of new types to the formatting layer .
I added a manipulator to convert printf formatting commands to their stream equivalents .
And I added a new stream class that displays output in a debug window under Microsoft Windows , fully supporting all features of the ostream class ( including the new format manipulator ) .
Both additions require very little code , but the programmer must know where to hook into the streams framework .
This is , of course , characteristic of programming with frameworks .
References
[ 1 ] S. B. Lippmann , C++ Primer , 1st ed. Reading , MA : Addison - Wesley , 1989 .
[ 2 ] S. Teale , C++ IOStreams Handbook .
Reading , MA : Addison - Wesley ,
1993 .
[ 3 ] B. Kernighan and D. Ritchie , The C Programming Language , 2nd
ed . Englewood Cliffs , NJ : Prentice Hall , 1989 .
Who ’s the daddy ?
Uncertainty pays off ( Image : Papio Ursinus / NaturePL )
Sometimes it pays to give underlings a treat .
Dominant male chacma baboons allow lower - ranking males to mate with their females as a way to protect the dominant male ’s own offspring in their absence .
That ’s the conclusion reached by Louise Barrett of the University of Lethbridge in Alberta , Canada , who studied 11 years of observations from a baboon troop in De Hoop Nature Reserve , South Africa .
Chacma baboons have a despotic social structure in which a single alpha male can almost completely monopolise mating opportunities by guarding females during their oestrus periods .
Yet Barrett found that subordinate males in the De Hoop troop fathered 23 of 64 offspring during that time .
Advertisement
Closer analysis showed that this was not because the alpha male was too tired , too busy , or too inexperienced to guard the females .
Instead , he appeared to be willingly ceding copulations to subordinate males
Spare dads
The alpha male ’s apparent generosity may be a strategy for protecting his young after he is no longer around .
When an alpha male dies or wanders off , new alpha males – usually from an outside group – move in , and tend to try to kill infants from the previous regime .
Having “ spare dads ” in the troop may help ensure that these infants receive protection , says Barrett .
Sure enough , subordinate males who had fathered an offspring were more likely to stick with the troop – an average of 23 months , versus just five months for subordinates without offspring .
This may allow them to form closer social bonds with the females , which makes them more likely to protect females and infants .
“ If you ’re a subordinate and you have n’t fathered an infant , you ’re not likely to make those kinds of bonds with a female , ” says Barrett .
The strategy appears to pay off : just one of five infanticides in the study troop occurred when subordinate fathers were present .
Journal reference : Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( DOI : 10.1073/pnas.0913294107 )
An Auckland gym franchise owner has apologised for a newsletter to members which included a link to an article entitled " Soy is making kids gay " .
Club Physical member John Kingi said he planned to cancel his gym membership after the article , by conservative American writer Jim Rutz , which said " homosexuality is always deviant " , was included in the gym 's newsletter .
In the article , Rutz claimed soy was " feminizing , and commonly leads to a decrease in the size of the penis , sexual confusion and homosexuality " .
Rutz wrote that not many homosexuals could " truthfully say that they can't remember a time when excess estrogen was n't influencing them " .
The article was part of a weekly series by Rutz , who also wrote on " the little foibles of liberals , homosexuals , Muslims , radical feminists , Nazi retreads , atheists , FDA bureauquacks , lawyers , Marxists , AP reporters , FEMA officials , Democrats , New Agers , politically correct trendoids and most recently , Hindus " .
Attempts to contact Club Physical chief executive Paul Richards were unsuccessful , but GayNZ.com reported he had today apologised for linking to the article , and had only wanted to drum up feedback from members .
" I was on a tight deadline and in the back of my mind I realised it might provoke comment .
I 'm afraid I did n't put enough thought into it . "
Mr Kingi , who is also the treasurer for support organisation Rainbow Youth , told NZPA he had received a lot of supportive messages from the public saying they were " pretty outraged " about the link to the article .
" The problem with articles like this is it tries to create a reason , a cause , for why someone is what they are , and the inherent assumption therefore must be that there must be a cure .
If something created this , like soy milk , then by not drinking soy milk , you must be able to stop being gay . "
Mr Kingi said he had corresponded with Club Physical chief executive Paul Richards who " made it quite clear that he did n't really think about it at all " .
Mr Kingi had set up a Facebook group , " Club Physical should be ashamed for endorsing ' Soy milk makes kids gay ' , " which had about 400 members tonight .
Victoria University biology Professor Charles Daugherty said he was not aware of any evidence to support Rutz ' theory .
" Soy has some relatively high concentration of estrogen , for example compared to milk , so there 's been speculation about that around for a long time .
" The causes of having one sexual orientation or another are still uncertain and so it 's reasonably certain that both genes and the environment play a role . "
Earlier this year Nine Inch Nails jetted around the country on a farewell tour .
Trent Reznor promised that while those would be his final shows , new music would be on its way .
That promise will come true next year .
On NIN ’s website , Reznor writes that he will release new Nine Inch Nails music in early 2010 along with other , non-NIN material .
By the looks of his biceps , he ’ll enter some amateur bodybuilding competitions too .
Trent Reznor Promises New Nine Inch Nails Material in 2010 [ Rolling Stone ]
Barack Obama may not realize it , but I may have just helped save his presidency .
How ?
By winning a drawn - out fight to protect his powers as commander in chief to wage war and keep Americans safe .
He sure did n't make it easy .
When Mr. Obama took office a year ago , receiving help from one of the lawyers involved in the development of George W. Bush 's counterterrorism policies was the furthest thing from his mind .
Having won a great electoral victory , the new president promised ...
Obama budget threatens funding for poor school districts
By Kate Randall
8 February 2010
The Obama administration ’s budget proposal for 2011 contains sweeping changes to funding for primary and secondary education .
New rules would radically alter the guidelines for the distribution of funding to schools with high concentrations of low - income students , punishing students and teachers in these schools for failure to meet “ college - or career - readiness ” goals .
Obama will ask Congress for $ 49.7 billion in discretionary spending for the 2011 fiscal year for the Department of Education ( DOE ) , a modest $ 3.5 billion or 7.5 percent increase over 2010 .
To put this into perspective , Obama ’s request for spending in 2011 for the Department of Defense is $ 708.2 billion .
How the DOE will allocate its funds is also of critical importance .
While details of the education proposal remain sketchy , the changes being pushed by Obama to what is known as Title I funding are to the right of the Bush administration ’s No Child Left Behind Act ( NCLB ) of 2001 — the law that is widely recognized by teachers and parents as an attack on education , particularly in poorer school districts .
NCLB is the latest reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act ( ESAE ) , a federal statute enacted in 1965 that authorized and funded school development and resources and promoted parental involvement .
Under Title
I of the act , the US Department of Education established a set of programs to distribute funding to schools and school districts with a high percentage of students from low - income families .
To qualify , a school typically must have around 40 percent or more of its students coming from families with incomes falling below the federal poverty level , or about $ 22,000 annually for a family of four .
Under Obama ’s proposals , a significant portion of these Title I funds would be distributed to poorer districts — not on the basis of economic need , but according to their “ performance . ”
This would in effect penalize students and teachers in schools already operating with budgets funded by lower tax bases , and where increasing numbers of families are struggling under the growing impact of the economic crisis .
The change is modeled on Obama ’s Race to the Top ( RTTT ) program , which is forcing states to compete for $ 4.3 billion in stimulus funds .
Under RTTT , states that prohibit the use of test scores in teacher evaluations are ineligible for funds .
States are also rewarded for opening up more charter schools , institutions that are privately run but receive federal money at the expense of public schools .
In line with Obama ’s RTTT , the governing body of the New York City ’s Department of Education voted last month to close 7 middle or elementary schools and 12 high schools .
More than 10,000 students , the vast majority from poor and working - class communities , will be affected by the closures .
This scenario will be repeated in communities across the country in the coming months .
Education Secretary Arne Duncan gave an indication of what the changes to Title I funding would mean in remarks at the Brookings Institution in Washington last May .
He said , “ When a school is chronically under - performing despite additional supports and other strategies , you have to consider bolder action , whether it ’s changing the leadership , hiring a new staff or turning schools over to charter operators . ”
In other words , “ under - performing ” schools could see funds withdrawn , and teacher and administrator firings ; or they could be handed over to for - profit charter operators or shut down outright .
Districts that reject evaluation and payment of teachers based on student performance — so - called merit pay — would be similarly penalized .
In much the same way as the Clinton administration gutted the welfare system , poor students in poor districts would no longer be “ entitled ” to Title I money , but would be forced to compete for the funds along with other equally cash - strapped schools .
This is a fundamental and regressive change to a system of school funding that has been in place for four - and - a - half decades .
The New York Times quoted Jack Jones , president of the Center on Education Policy , who attended a recent media event where the Obama administration outlined its proposals .
“ They want to recast the law so that it is as close to Race to the Top as they can get it , making the money conditional on districts ’ taking action to improve schools , ” he said .
“ Right now most federal money goes out in formulas , so schools know how much they ’ll get , and then use it to provide services for poor children , ” Jones added .
“ The department thinks that ’s become too much of an entitlement .
They want to upend that scheme by making states and districts pledge to take actions the administration considers reform , before they get the money . ”
As in other areas of social spending , Obama is overseeing in education the dismantling of a vital public program for working families .
While trillions of dollars have been allocated to bail out Wall Street and the banks , no such bailout is available for the public schools .
School districts throughout the country , facing unprecedented budget crises , are responding with teacher layoffs , the closing down of schools , and the elimination of programs such as art , music and physical education .
The Obama administration contends it is seeking to move away from the Bush administration ’s emphasis on math and reading in NCLB — and the consequent “ teaching to the test ” imposed on teachers — to focus more on college preparedness .
But under conditions where school districts , particularly poorer ones , will be forced to compete for inadequate resources , the end result will be an overall dumbing down of public education .
Additionally , the stress placed on graduating students who are “ career - ready ” makes clear that the political establishment does not view affordable , high - quality college education as an opportunity that should be available to all young people .
Rather , in working class and poorer districts , high schools should be geared towards producing workers for low - wage jobs .
In opposition to the interests of their own membership , teachers unions have been complicit in imposing the bipartisan attack on public education .
Last December , the Detroit Federation of Teachers union forced through a concessions contract with a concerted campaign of intimidation and threats directed against teachers .
The DFT worked closely with the school district , the media , and the Democratic Party at both the local and national level .
Included in the rotten deal was a “ Termination Incentive Plan , ” proposed by DFT leaders , which amounts to a $ 10,000 pay cut for full - time teachers over two years at a rate of $ 500 a month .
The plan was presented as a loan that the DFT claims will be returned when teachers retire or are laid off .
In reality , it is aimed at compelling older , more senior teachers to leave their jobs , allowing the district to hire new teachers at lower pay and with no rights .
Other concessions in the pact include cuts to health benefits , a pay freeze and the imposition of “ peer review ” and merit pay .
In line with a bill passed by the Michigan state legislature , the contract also opens the way for the expansion of “ priority schools ” — i.e. , charter schools .
American Federation of Teachers ( AFT ) President Randi Weingarten took out a full - page ad in the New York Times in an effort to browbeat DFT members into accepting the contract .
She argued that it was better for teachers to accept the attacks on wages , benefits and rights with the help of the unions , instead of in opposition to the union bureaucrats .
In a speech January 12 at the National Press Club in Washington , D.C. , Weingarten called on union members and school district management to collaborate in imposing such contracts on teachers , along with “ accountability ” schemes like merit pay .
According to the AFT web site ’s report on the Weingarten speech , the AFT president “ singled out several school districts that have made positive changes because of their trusting and respectful labor - management relationships , including in New Haven , Connecticut ; St. Paul , Minnesota ; and Detroit . ”
The author also recommends :
New York City :
In the face of intense opposition , Bloomberg closes 19 public schools
[ 30 January 2010 ]
New York students and teachers speak out on school closings
[ 30 January 2010 ]
Concessions contract ratified by Detroit teachers after campaign of intimidation
[ 21 December 2010 ]
A marriage can be a wonderful and joyous occasion full of happiness , laughter and unicorn farts for two very lucky people .
In other cases , it can be an exercise in full - blown insanity , as evidenced by these bizarre marriage traditions from every corner of the globe .
5 .
Bride Kidnappings
Practiced in : The Roma communities ( all over the world )
Most unions can trace their beginnings to that one special night at a frat kegger when the couple first met their gaze in a crowded room and forever cemented their fate by a quicky in the backseat and a broken condom .
Some cultures however decided to skip all this romantic crap and go from the “ total strangers ” phase straight to marriage in one messed - up leap of criminal activity : kidnapping the bride .
Link
The Romani , also known as Gypsies , for centuries have had this tradition , that if you manage to forcefully kidnap a girl and keep her by your side for 2 - 3 days , she officially becomes your wife .
Long ago this probably made a lot sense , as it helped you avoid buying the bride off the parents or having Thanksgiving dinner with them every year .
But even in this day and age it ’s not viewed as anything strange in the Roma culture , and many women simply go with the fact that the overweight guy , who cornered them with a bottle of chloroform at a McDonald ’s lady ’s bathroom , is now the love of their life .
Some of you are probably wondering , how in the f**k is this legal ?
Well , it ’s a cultural practice of a large ethnic minority and most governments would rather start flossing with razor wire than to commit the PR equivalent of suicide by banning a minority tradition .
Link
4 .
Marrying animals to exorcise ghosts
Practiced in : some regions of India
The Western culture is no stranger to superstition , especially during a wedding .
Most brides would sooner set fire to the church and postpone the ceremony than to get married without something old , new , borrowed and blue .
And do n’t even think about trying to catch a glimpse of your wife - to - be before the nuptials or that ’s 3 stitches to the temple right there on the spot .
But the Santhal tribe in India decided to one - up us all and cranked the wedding - crazy dial all the way up to 11 .
They believe that if a baby girl has a tooth rooted to her upper gum , it ’s the obvious sign she will be eaten by a tiger or something in the near future , because ghosts hate her .
Therefore , she must marry a dog .
Such was the story of Karnamoni Handsa , a 9 - year - old Indian girl who “ married ” the local stray Bacchan amidst the dancing and cheers of her 100 guests getting shitfaced on home - made booze .
Huh …
Somehow the presence of moonshine in a cross-species wedding is not surprising in the least …
The good news is , this is nothing but a mock ceremony and the couple do n’t have to consummate the wedding .
It ’s just to ward off the evil spirits so the girl can marry a real boy some time later .
Thank God , otherwise this exorcism ritual between a child and a canine would have been really weird .
Link
3 .
Blackening of the bride
Practiced in : Scotland
In many ways the Scottish people are just like your typical Europeans but with a few notable quirks : they eat sheep entrails , wear male - skirts and instead of rice , they throw stinking crud like eggs and sauces on their brides .
Link
This custom is called the “ blackening of the bride ” , a very old Scottish tradition ; some say even older than Sean Connery himself .
It ’s part of a hazing ritual that actually happens before the wedding .
The bride is taken by surprise , by hands down the crummiest friends you could have , and covered from head to toe with all kinds of crap .
It can be anything : spoiled milk from the back of your fridge right down to tar and feathers .
It serves 2 possible purposes .
Either it gets the men in the proper mood , ( assuming all Scots have a fetish of homeless chicks who never bathe ) , or it helps the women deal with the prospect of marriage , because nothing that will happen to them from that point on will be as cruel or humiliating as the blackening .
It ’s sort of like punching your bride right before saying “ I do ” .
No amount of douchebaggery you pull off later in life will ever amount to that , so your lady will at least not be disappointed or , at best , pleasantly surprised .
Man , the Scots have this marriage thing figured out .
Link
Sometime on Friday night , the New York Times reports , Amazon deactivated the Buy Now buttons on its website for all books published by the Macmillan group , including such imprints as Farrar Straus & Giroux , Henry Holt , and St. Martin ’s Press .
As of this writing , you cannot buy a new copy of the correspondence of Elizabeth Bishop and Robert Lowell from Amazon , though it ’s still available from Barnes & Noble , Powells , and other indie booksellers .
The same is true of thousands of other titles .
This is a bit of a stunner .
Macmillan and Amazon have been arguing , it transpires , over the pricing of e-books , but Amazon yanked Macmillan ’s ink - and - paper as well as its electronic books — bypassing conventional weapons in favor of first - use nuclear .
As a writer with friends who work at Macmillan imprints , my sympathies are with the publisher .
To judge by the comments being left at the New York Times article on the conflict , however , quite a few people are siding with Amazon , in many cases because they believe it ’s greedy of publishers to demand higher prices for e-books .
Greed , no doubt , exists on both sides , living as we do under capitalism , but greed alone does n’t explain the dispute .
Yes , Amazon wants to sell e-books for $ 9.99 or less , and Macmillan wants Amazon to sell them for $ 15 or less .
But as Macmillan ’s CEO John Sargent explains , in a statement released today as an advertisement to the book - industry newsletter Publisher ’s Lunch , Amazon and Macmillan are n’t at the moment fighting to see who can make more money on a book sale .
They ’re fighting to see who can lose more money .
This is a very peculiar battle .
And it may only be the beginning .
My sense , as a somewhat interested observer , is that the year 2010 is going to see radical change in the way books are sold .
The catalyst , I suspect , is this month ’s announcement of half a dozen new handheld electronic reading devices .
Apple ’s Ipad tablet is the most famous , but the Consumer Electronics Show at the beginning of January saw the announcement of the Skiff Reader , Plastic Logic ’s Que Pro Reader , Entourage ’s Edge , and Spring Design ’s Alex .
Not all of these are likely to make it to market , but those that do will be competing there with Sony ’s Reader , Amazon ’s Kindle , and Barnes & Noble ’s Nook .
Google seems to be planning to sell e-books soon .
In other words , a large number of capitalists have been betting , lately , that increasing numbers of people want to read e-books .
Let ’s leave to one side , for the duration of this blog post , the question of whether it is wise for our society to spend colossal sums of money replacing an existing technology that is durable , versatile , and aesthetically pleasing .
( I will let slip this much : No , I do not care how many trees die .
They should be so lucky as to be reincarnated as , say , the poems of Surrey .
Ents , do you worst ! )
Assume , for the sake of argument , that a preponderance of these capitalists will prove lucky in their bets , and that a lot of people are going to buy these devices .
That suggests , as I wrote in passing in a recent review of Adrian Johns ’s new history of intellectual piracy , that a lot of people will soon be roving the internet in search of free or cheap electronically available texts .
Until recently , books have not suffered from internet - assisted piracy the way that music or film has .
That ’s mostly because it ’s easy to make a digital copy of a CD ; you slip it into a slot on the side of your computer and click Import .
Making a digital copy of a physical book , on the other hand , is cumbersome , as a book pirate recently confessed to the blog The Millions .
At the very least you have to turn all the pages .
To do it elegantly , you even have to volunteer your services as a proofreader , which is not very many people ’s idea of fun , and I say that as someone who has done his share .
But if publishers themselves are selling digital versions of their books , and all that ’s needed to liberate them is a little hacking , the calculus changes .
Hacking is fun in a way that proofreading is not .
Let us pause here and observe a moment of silence for the death of the idea that book pirates , more literary and therefore more moral than their peers , will somehow prove honorable , stealing from the rich and giving to the poor .
To the contrary , the pirate interviewed by the Millions said that he deliberately avoided stealing the works of the most successful authors , because they can afford lawyers .
Instead he limits his purloining to the work of less commercial writers , such as John Barth , whom he calls “ someone who no longer sells very well , I imagine . ”
Such nobility !
“ From those who have nothing , even what they have will be taken away . ”
If electronic reading devices catch on , the threat of piracy to book publishers — and to authors , at all income levels — is very real .
Of course , large swaths of the publishing industry have not waited for pirates in order to be undone .
Since the earliest days of the world wide web , newspapers and magazines have pillaged themselves , giving their articles away for free in pursuit of larger audience share .
This is now widely understood to have been a mistake .
Newspapers like the Times have many more readers online than they ever had in print , but even with these greater numbers , online ads bring in tiny sums compared to print ads .
And online readers pay nothing .
In the journalistic world that I happen to inhabit , much of the excitement about Apple ’s new device has been driven by a hope that it will offer a chance to press the reset button .
People stole MP3s , but they buy ring tones .
They downloaded software for free , but they buy apps .
Perhaps , publishers hope , people will prove willing to buy newspaper subscriptions on their Apple tablets , even though they ’ve never been willing to pay to read them in their desktop browsers .
( Long Island ’s Newsday recently revealed that three months after putting its website behind a pay wall , only thirty - five people have purchased subscriptions . )
Thus a week before Apple announced its tablet , the Times announced that by next year , it will be charging its online readers .
Will the new business model work ?
Will newspapers be saved ?
Who knows , but there is n’t much to lose by trying .
In the weeks before Apple ’s announcement , I found myself muttering , in an echo of a recent , very bad movie trailer , “ Unleash the Kraken . ”
We might as well find out what the Kraken will do .
At the very least , if it finishes the print media off , we will be spared having to listen to further hectoring sermons from internet triumphalists .
Which reminds me that I ’ve strayed from my topic : Amazon .
Book publishers , unlike newspaper publishers , still have a lot to lose .
About nine months ago , I received an email alert from a friend whose excellent book of nonfiction had just been published and who had discovered , to his dismay , that it was accruing one - star reviews on Amazon , not because readers disliked his book but because they objected that its Kindle price was only a few dollars less than its hardcover price .
( The anti-Kindle - price reviews appeared on the webpage of both the Kindle and the hardcover version and figured into his book ’s combined star rating . )
He was caught in the crossfire of an early skirmish of the war that went nuclear this weekend .
Eventually the Kindle price of his book was lowered , though I do n’t know who blinked .
I remember thinking at the time that the one - star ratings were a bad sign , because they suggested that Amazon had in a way already won the dispute over e-book pricing .
Consumers already felt that e-books ought to be no more than ten dollars , and felt it with so much indignation and righteousness that they were willing to punish the very author they wanted to read , if they thought he was charging such sums .
( My friend , of course , had no control over the pricing of any of the versions of his book . )
Consumers had come to feel that way largely because Amazon had trained them to , by keeping the prices of nearly all its e-books below ten dollars .
Though few consumers understood it then , and probably few still understand it today , Amazon did so by sacrificing heaps and heaps of cash .
Most publishers have until now sold their e-books to Amazon for the same wholesale price that they sell their hardcovers — roughly half the hardcover ’s list price .
It is up to a retailer like Amazon whether to sell the book to consumers at its list price , as printed on the inside front flap , or at a discount .
With e-books , Amazon has usually offered a discount so low that it actually loses money .
That is , Amazon buys for $ 12 an e-book whose hardcover list price is $ 24.95 , and then Amazon sells the e-book to its customers for $ 9.95 .
Why would Amazon want to do such a thing ?
When Amazon first introduced its Kindle reading device , the reception was tepid .
But Amazon improved the device in later models , and thanks to its aggressive low pricing on e-books , it now reports that the Kindle and e-books are selling briskly .
In other words , with the money that it has lost by discounting e-books , Amazon has bought market share for its e-book reader and for itself as an e-book retailer .
To put it still another way , Amazon sped up the American public ’s adoption of e-books by unilaterally lowering the American public ’s idea of what the natural price of an e-book should be .
The outrage of the Amazon customers who punished my friend with one - star reviews , and the outrage of commenters siding with Amazon on the New York Times blog post this weekend about the Macmillan - vs. - Amazon dispute , suggest that it may be too late for publishers like Macmillan to alter that idea .
Newspapers have no one to blame but themselves for having taught the public that they have a right to read newspapers online for free .
Publishers , on the other hand , have woken up to the unpleasant discovery that the value of their work is being cheapened in the public mind by a third party : Amazon .
Some consumers have objected that e-books must be cheaper to make than ink - on - paper books .
A simple cost breakdown by Money magazine last year , however , suggested that only about 10 percent of a book ’s list price goes to printing .
But ink - on - paper books have to be shipped , stored , and ( when they go unsold ) returned , and e-books would be spared these costs , too , as this analysis suggests .
Also , according to TBI Research , because e-books are likely to end up with a lower list price after the dust clears , author royalties , calculated as a percentage of the list price , are likely to be lower , too — additional savings !
Yay !
When all these savings are added up , do you succeed in dropping a list price of $ 28 to one of $ 9.95 ?
That ’s a big drop .
Profit margins at book publishers now are rumored to be no more than 10 percent , where they exist at all .
It may not be possible for a single company to publish e-books at that price and also retain the infrastructure necessary to publish ink - on - paper books .
To return to the dispute of the moment : Macmillan has probably been selling its e-books to Amazon at the wholesale price of about $ 12 , and Amazon has been selling them retail for about $ 10 .
Macmillan says that it would like to sell its e-books at the wholesale price of about $ 10.45 , and have Amazon sell them for the retail price of $ 14.95 .
In other words , Macmillan was offering to earn $ 2 less per e-book .
Amazon , however , insisted that it would prefer to take a $ 2 loss on each e-book , instead , and became so indignant over the matter that it has now ceased selling any Macmillan titles , print or electronic .
Macmillan ’s proposal is known as the “ agency model ” for e-book pricing , and the company probably only dared attempt it because Apple has promised that it will sell e-books for its new tablet on exactly those terms .
( Amazon has said that they ’re willing to accept the agency model , starting in June , but only if an e-book ’s list price does not exceed $ 9.99 . )
As I said at the beginning , my sympathies in this dispute are with Macmillan .
Why should n’t a book publisher be able to exercise some control over their product ’s price ?
Apple , to choose a wild example , rigidly controls the prices at which retailers may sell its products , and as Paul Collins noted in 2007 , the legal barriers to publishers ’ exercise of such control no longer exist .
Here , alas , is where the pirates come in again .
Pirates do n’t bother when legal copies are available cheaply and easily .
What ’s perhaps most breathtaking about the Amazon - Macmillan dispute is how little , finally , is at stake : should the highest price of an e-book be $ 9.95 or $ 14.95 ?
No one dreams any more that it ’s going to be $ 28 .
What ’s being fought over is control , and the reason control is being fought over so viciously is that the only way such massive cost savings are going to be achieved is by consolidation — by collapsing a few of the intermediary steps somewhere between the creation of a book and the reading of it .
Will you some day download your e-books directly from Farrar , Strauss & Giroux ’s website ?
Will Amazon some day be the publisher of Jonathan Franzen ’s novels ?
Some future between these two outcomes is more likely to happen , but precisely where the division will fall remains to be seen .
Authors , in the meantime , had better ask their agents to negotiate their e-book royalties very carefully , seeing as how , while the titans rage , the financial analysts have already factored into their bottom lines the expectation that someone else will be eating our slice of the pie .
Dale Tallon is an interesting case .
For two years he was credited with turning the Chicago Blackhawks ' fortunes around and guiding them back to prominence .
He paraded around in front of adoring fans and media with owner Rocky Wirtz , the bag man behind the rise of the Phoenix and yin to Tallon 's yang .
Gone to the heavens was the tight - fisted Bill Wirtz , the long - time owner of the Blackhawks , the man that kept the Hawks in the basement and off of the air .
Wirtz the younger had no such problems with free television and had no limitations on his checkbook .
The two of them were credited were bringing about a culture change , instilling a family atmosphere , turning the team into a brotherhood , building the team from the ground up and sprinkling in key free agents when necessary .
Everything was going along swimmingly until the summer of 2009 when Tallon made what he and Blackhawks management deemed a " clerical error " and forgot to send qualifying offers to Kris Versteeg and Cam Barker , missing the deadline that would have kept them restricted free agents .
That was enough for the Bowman Cabal to move in and install Stan the Younger as GM , sending Tallon into an advisory position somewhere a basement room nearest the boiler .
The Junta had been a resounding success .
But was Tallon 's performance so far above the norm that all of Chicago should have kissed his ring ?
Let 's review Tallon 's key moves in his time as General Manager of the Blackhawks :
Free Agent Signings :
Adrian Aucoin - August 2nd , 2005 - Four years $ 16 million
Martin Lapointe - August 4th , 2005 - Three years $ 7.2 million
Nikolai Khabibulin - August 5th 2005 - Four years $ 27 million
Brian Campbell - July 1st , 2008 - Eight years $ 56.8 million
Cristobal Huet - July 1st , 2008 - Four years $ 22.5 million
Marian Hossa - July 2nd , 2009 - Twelve years $ 62.8 million
In the one area where a General Manager has the most direct impact , Tallon failed miserably .
Over four years , he he made six " key " signings , and inked six massive overpays .
The immovable Campbell contract continues to hang over the franchise and will likely see someone like Kris Versteeg or Patrick Sharp shipped out .
1st Round Draft Picks :
2005 - 7th overall RW Jack Skille - ranked 11th among NA skaters
2006 - 3rd overall C Jonathan Toews - ranked 3rd among NA skaters
2007 - won lottery from 5th - LW Patrick Kane - ranked 2nd among NA skaters
2008 - 11th overall - Kyle Beach - ranked 7th among NA skaters
The draft is the area of hockey operations where a General Manager has the least amount of influence .
The scouting department is responsible for the draft and the General Manager may veer from their recommendation , but typically the scouts shoulder the outcome of a draft .
The Blackhawks went off of the board for Skille , then went back to Central Scouting 's list for Toews , flipped a coin for Kane after hitting the lottery , literally , and got a supposed bargain in Beach .
There 's nothing really to complain about or laud here .
Trades :
December 5 , 2005 : Sent Matt Ellison and Eric Meloche to the Philadelphia Flyers for Patrick Sharp .
July 10 , 2006 : Swapped Tom Preissing , John Hennessy , Michal Barinka and a second - round pick with Ottawa for Martin Havlat and Bryan Smolinski .
February 3 , 2007 : Traded Brandon Bochenski to the Boston Bruins for Kris Versteeg .
As bad as Tallon was in Unrestricted Free Agency , he flipped the compass when it came to trades .
All three " key " trades were major checks in the win column for Tallon and all three players were key to the conference finals run .
Tallon 's run as General Manager of the Blackhawks can be summed up as mediocre .
Terrible work in free agency , standard selections in the draft and outstanding work in the trade market gets him a solid " C " .
All in all , Dale Tallon was n't better than Kevin Lowe over the same time period , he just had the benefit of a pair of top - three picks .
Although crime across L.A. is dropping , there is one glaring exception : bicycle thefts , which rose 29 % last year .
Nearly 2,000 bikes were reported stolen last year -- and authorities believe the actual number of thefts was much higher because so many people do n’t report stolen bikes .
LAPD detectives believe the increase is due in part to more people using bikes to get around in some neighborhoods .
A Times analysis found the USC campus , downtown L.A. and Venice to be hot spots for bike thefts .
Detectives recently broke up a bicycle theft ring and nabbed two men who swiped bikes downtown and sold them on Craigslist .
At the motel of one of the alleged thieves , they said they found bolt cutters , hacksaws and a Mercedes - Benz equipped with a bike rack .
Some bike messengers last month took justice into their own hands when they caught two suspected thieves , teenage boys who attended a local Catholic high school .
According to police , the messengers stripped down the teens to their boxer shorts before taking their cellphones , backpacks and clothes .
“ They meted out street justice .
We do n’t condone street justice .
They never threatened them .
But they made it clear : do n’t mess with another person ’s property , ” Los Angeles Police Lt. Paul Vernon said .
“ This incident and the arrests are the tip of the iceberg when comes to people stealing bicycles . ”
Vernon said the two boys told police they were robbed by about 20 men on bicycles at 6th Street and Grand Avenue about 3 p.m. on Jan. 12 .
Investigators said they cannot prove the boys were stealing bikes and continue to look for the assailants .
Syracuse , NY -- Syracuse police looking for a suspect accused of robbing a Salt City Taxi driver Thursday found the man hiding underneath a woman who was laying in bed .
Here 's what happened according to police reports :
The taxi driver told police he was dispatched to 148 Fage Ave. at about 1:50 a.m. Thursday to pick up a customer .
He drove the man to the 300 block of Dudley Street .
When the driver put the car in park , the suspect lunged forward wrapping his arm around the driver 's neck , placing something hard and pointy there , the driver told police .
The suspect demanded money and the driver handed over $ 105 in cash .
The suspect then pulled off the victim 's glasses .
He told the driver to drive the cab straight ahead , not to look back because he had a gun and would shoot the car .
The driver pulled away turning the car around at the intersection of Putnam and Dudley streets .
He saw the suspect run into the backyard of 300 Dudley St .
The driver then drove the cab around the block and saw the suspect jump the fence behind 300 Dudley St .
The driver drover around the block again and saw the suspect jumped the fence again heading toward Putnam Street .
At that point the driver lost sight of the suspect and called police .
The drivers showed officers where he had dropped off the suspect .
Officers found the driver 's clipboard in the snow and followed footprints from it to a home at 114 Bradley St .
Police heard people yelling inside the home .
When they knocked on the door , the woman who answered allowed them to search the house .
Officers searching the house found another woman crying as she lay in a bed on the third floor .
Clothing was laying next to the bed , including boots with a distinctive pattern on the soles .
When asked if she had seen the suspect , the woman said he had left .
Police continued to search the house and when they returned to the bedroom they found the suspect , Anthony Jamison , 20 , of 342 Palmer Ave. , Syracuse , laying underneath the woman .
He was arrested and charged with robbery and criminal possession of a weapon , both felonies , and criminal possession of stolen property , a misdemeanor , and unlawful possession of marijuana , a violation .
Une piqure de rappel de jolies filles topless ou sexy à la plage ça ne fera de mal à personne en plus il y a de beaux petits lots dans le tas , allez l’été chez nous c’est juste le 21 juin prochain et l’hémisphère sud en profite déjà depuis presque 1 mois puisque ça commence le 21 décembre , ils auront de belles photos à faire sur leurs plages !
Artist Bio
Travis Louie ’s paintings come from the tiny little drawings and many writings in his journals .
He ’s created his own imaginary world that is grounded in Victorian and Edwardian times .
It is inhabited by human oddities , mythical beings , and otherworldly characters who appear to have had their formal portraits taken to mark their existence and place in society .
The underlining thread that connects all these characters is the unusual circumstances that shape who they were and how they lived .
Some of their origins are a complete mystery while others are hinted at .
A man is cursed by a goat , a strange furry being is discovered sleeping in a hedge , an engine driver ca n’t seem to stop vibrating in his sleep , a man overcomes his phobia of spiders , etc , . . . Using inventive techniques of painting with acrylic washes and simple textures on smooth boards , he ’s created portraits from an alternate universe that seemingly may or may not have existed .
Travis Louie ’s Website
Travis Louie at Shooting Gallery
( OPRAH.com ) --
As a university instructor , the close of each academic term is always the same for me : I get a flurry of apologetic e-mails from panicked students who have put off their homework and term papers until the last possible moment .
They beg for an extension .
Procrastination is a phenomenon that is familiar to everyone , even outside of academia .
Who really likes to wash laundry , balance checkbooks or fill out complicated tax forms ?
Most folks put these activities off in favor of more pleasant pastimes like socializing , going out to eat or reading a good book .
Procrastination is the result of having very little motivation for a boring or unpleasant activity and it is something everyone experiences .
The real problem is that procrastination can sometimes overshadow a hidden strength .
Incubation is not procrastination
I once coached an extraordinary young man , whom I 'll call Mark .
Mark was at the tail end of his training at a prestigious medical school .
When we met on a Monday of his last week , Mark told me he felt the stress of a number of weighty assignments , all of which had pressing deadlines .
He had only a handful of days to write applications for internships , turn in final papers and secure letters of recommendation .
It was a tremendous amount of difficult work to be completed in a short period of time .
Mark asked me to check back with him midweek to crack the whip and make sure he was still making progress on his work .
When we spoke again on Wednesday , Mark had fallen into a deep funk .
Not only was there no progress , but he had frittered away hours in meaningless pastimes like downloading music and walking in the park .
Oprah.com :
How to tap into what really motivates you
Mark uttered the all - too - familiar phrase , " I am such a procrastinator ! "
He vilified himself for checking e-mail , having lunch with his wife and other activities that appeared to be in the service of avoiding his more pressing tasks .
Something about the word " procrastinator " just did n't fit with what I was seeing .
Here was a young man about to graduate from an elite medical school with a flawless academic record extending back into his middle school years .
My instincts told me that it was not a lifetime of chronic procrastination that led Mark to his current situation .
On a hunch , I asked him a crucial question , " When you get around to completing your work -- and we both know that you eventually will -- how will the quality be ? "
My client seemed taken aback by the question .
He answered with confidence , a single word : " Superior ! "
I realized , in that moment , that there may be a subtle but important difference between the " back burner " mentality I saw in my client and the traditional way a procrastinator works .
Procrastinators may have a habit of putting off important work .
They may not ever get to projects or leave projects half finished .
Importantly , when they do complete projects , the quality might be mediocre as a result of their lack of engagement or inability to work well under pressure .
What Mark presented was something qualitatively different : a clear sense of deadlines , confidence that the work would be complete on time , certainty that the work would be of superior quality and the ability to subconsciously process important ideas while doing other -- often recreational -- activities .
I realized I was looking at a strength , one I called " incubator . "
When I shared this term with Mark , he felt as if the weight of the world had been lifted off his shoulders .
Oprah.com : 8 traits of wealthy people
What does incubation mean ?
One of the greatest difficulties with identifying an incubator is that they often look like procrastinators .
People with both work styles tend to put off work until the last moment , and both seem to be best motivated by external pressures such as deadlines .
Importantly , people with both work styles are likely to be hard on themselves and consider themselves lazy .
In a pilot study with 184 undergraduate university students , we were able to isolate specific items that distinguished incubators from the rest of the pack .
Incubators were the only students who had superior - quality work but who also worked at the last moment , under pressure , motivated by a looming deadline .
This set them apart from the classic " good students , " the planners who strategically start working long before assignments are due , and from the procrastinators , who wait until the last minute but then hand in shoddy work or hand it in late .
For most incubators , having a label that is less pejorative than " procrastinator " can be a breath of fresh air .
Incubators tend to be bright , creative people with an amazing gift to work hard under pressure .
As such , they can be very dependable in work situations that require last - minute changes or tight deadlines .
The other side of this coin is that they can be frustrating to work with because they appear to sit idle for so long .
For incubators , it can be as helpful to appraise friends , family members and co-workers of your natural work style so the people around you can adjust their expectations accordingly .
Setting realistic expectations for yourself can let you off the emotional hook as you appear to waste time , solid in the knowledge that your projects will be completed when they need to be .
My former coaching client , Mark , actually built in " incubation time " during which he could watch movies , listen to music or other goof - off activities , knowing that -- below the surface -- his mind was preparing for work and that he would snap into action when the time was right .
As for my students requesting extensions for their term papers , they should have planned ahead !
Are You an Incubator ?
Use the scale below to answer the following questions :
4 - Perfectly describes me
3 - Describes me somewhat
2 - Does not really describe me
1 - Does not describe me at all
A. _____ I always get my work completed on time .
B. _____
The quality of my work is superior .
C. _____
It takes a looming deadline to motivate me .
D. _____
When I finally get to work , I feel highly engaged .
E. _____
I surprise myself by moving into action at the last minute .
F. _____ I do my best work under pressure .
If you scored a 20 or higher , you may be an incubator .
Dr. Robert Biswas - Diener is on the editorial boards for the Journal of Happiness Studies and Journal of Positive Psychology and is the author of " Practicing Positive Psychology Coaching , Happiness : Unlocking the mysteries of psychological wealth " and " Positive Psychology Coaching . "
Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price .
That 's like getting 18 issues FREE .
Subscribe now !
TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. All Rights Reserved .
Desalinated water is being connected to Israel ’s national distribution system for the first time .
On January 1 Israel ’s national water company Mekorot raised water rates by 25 percent in order to pay for the incorporation of desalinated water into the national water system , Israel National News reports .
Despite the rate increase , Mekorot ’s CEO believes it is not enough to allow the company to cover its costs .
“ An even larger price increase is necessary in order to cover the higher cost of desalinated water and the necessary upgrades to the water distribution infrastructure in the coming years , ” Ido Rosolio said to Global Water Intelligence .
Mekorot ’s national water carrier runs from Lake Kinneret in the north to the Negev Desert in the south , providing 80 percent of Israel ’s drinking water .
Water from Israel ’s desalination plants on the Mediterranean coast is being added to the national carrier in an east - west expansion of the system .
The price increase , which will jump another 16 percent this summer , will pay for the upgrade and encourage water conservation , according to Israeli officials .
“ We have another three hard years of having to save water , ” said Uri Shani , head of Israel ’s Water Authority , to a Knesset committee INN reports .
“ But without this reform in water rates , we wo n’t be able to pay for new desalination plants , nor connect them to the water distribution network , nor prevent water loss in these systems . ”
Israel ’s third desalination plant , located in Hadera , recently became operational .
Government officials are trying to replace freshwater use with desalinated water to prevent water levels in Lake Kinneret from dropping .
The lake , also known as the Sea of Galilee , is 1.5 meters lower now than at this time two years ago , according to INN .
Once the Hadera plant is fully operational , Israel will draw more water from desalination plants than Lake Kinneret .
Mekorot published a report on the state of Lake Kinneret in October 2009 .
Company officials said there is a 38 percent chance that the water in the lake will drop below the black line this year – a point at which pumping is no longer possible .
To prevent this from happening Mekorot initiated an emergency well drilling program in 2008 - 2009 , reducing water withdrawals from Kinneret by almost half .
Conservation efforts and a drought tax in Israeli cities decreased total water use by nine percent , Ha’aretz reports .
Construction is underway on two more desalination plants at Ashdod and Sorek .
When these come on line in 2012 nearly 80 percent of household demand will be supplied by desalinated water , the Jerusalem Post reports .
Source : Israel National News , Global Water Intelligence , Ha’aretz
Brady Dennis
Washington Post
January 10 , 2010
The chairman of the House oversight committee turned the spotlight Friday once again on the government ’s much - maligned bailout of American International Group , saying he would ask Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner to testify about whether company executives were told to withhold key details about how they were spending taxpayer money .
[ efoods ] Rep. Edolphus Towns ( D - N.Y. ) , chairman of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , said he will hold a hearing later this month to examine the Federal Reserve Bank of New York ’s role in advising AIG to limit its disclosures about billions of dollars it paid to other firms during the height of the financial crisis .
Geithner was head of the New York Fed at the time .
“ More than one year after the first federal bailout of AIG , the American people continue to question where their tax dollars were really sent when the government rescued this company , ” Towns said in a statement .
“ I continue to believe that a comprehensive review of the rise and fall of AIG and the involvement of counterparties can provide a useful vehicle to understanding how inadequate regulations , cheap money , risky business deals , and in some instances , corruption led to the current economic crisis . ”
He called for the hearing after the release this week of e-mails showing that the New York Fed had asked AIG to refrain from disclosing details about payments it had made to trading partners in the wake of its $ 85 billion initial federal bailout in late 2008 .
READ FULL ARTICLE
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Multiple rifts in Earth 's magnetic shield
20 January 2010
This study reports the observation of fissures on the Sun-facing side of the Earth 's magnetic shield – the dayside magnetopause .
Fortunately , these fissures do n't expose Earth 's surface to the solar wind ; our atmosphere protects us , even when our magnetic field does n't .
However , clear effects have been detected high in the upper atmosphere and in the region of space around Earth where satellites orbit .
The dominant physical process causing these cracks is known as magnetic reconnection , a process whereby magnetic field lines from different magnetic domains collide and reconnect : opening the closed magnetic shield .
Magnetic reconnection is a physical process at work throughout the Universe , from star formation to solar explosions to experimental fusion reactors on Earth .
However , the conditions under which it occurs and how long it lasts remain unclear .
Video is not supported
What is known is that magnetic reconnection leads to the mixing of previously separated plasmas when , for instance , the solar wind plasma enters the magnetosphere ( see Animation 1 ) .
In this instance the two magnetic domains are the Earth 's internal magnetic field , and the interplanetary magnetic field ( IMF ) .
( The solar wind is not only composed of solar particles ( mostly protons and electrons ) , it also carries the Sun 's magnetic field .
Out among the planets , this field is the IMF . )
For more than 700,000 years , the South to North orientation of the terrestrial magnetic field has been rather steady .
In contrast , the IMF orientation is highly variable , with total inversion frequently observed on times - scales of minutes .
Reconnection between the IMF and the Earth 's magnetic field critically depends on the angle between these fields .
Space physicists have made a distinction between reconnection when both fields are in opposite directions , or anti-parallel , and component reconnection , when the IMF is neither parallel nor anti-parallel to the terrestrial magnetic field .
The distinction is important since component and anti-parallel reconnection have different onset characteristics and lead to different duration of the fissures in the magnetic shield .
The distinction between these two types of magnetic reconnection has been the subject of hot debate among space scientists for many years .
For the first time , four spacecraft flying in constellation ( the ESA Cluster mission ) , have provided unambiguous evidence of anti-parallel reconnection at high latitude on the dayside magnetopause , occurring quasi- simultaneously with a period of low - latitude component reconnection detected by the Sino - European Double Star TC - 1 satellite .
TC - 1 and the Cluster array ( with the Cluster spacecraft separated by ~ 2000 km ) are more than 30,000 km apart ( Figure 1 ) .
The 3D reconnection picture , determined by repeated sampling of the ion diffusion region and associated magnetic null fields ( i.e. the heart of the reconnection process ) , is shown in Animation 2 .
" These observations support the idea that both anti-parallel and component reconnection occur at the dayside magnetopause under the same IMF conditions and that both phenomena might be the local signatures of a global reconnection picture " , says Professor Malcolm Dunlop from the Rutherford Appleton Laboratory , Didcot , UK .
" This remarkable set of observations shows that magnetic reconnection at the magnetopause is not as simple as it is described in textbooks !
It also demonstrates the need for the capability to study magnetic reconnection at multiple scales simultaneously " , says Matt Taylor , acting Cluster project scientist at the European Space Agency .
Reference publication
Dunlop , M.W. , Zhang , Q.-H. , Xiao , C.-J. , He , J. -S. , Pu , Z. , Fear , R.C. , Shen , C. , and Escoubet , C.P. , Reconnection at high latitudes : Antiparallel merging , Phys. Rev. Lett. , 102 , 075005 , 2009 .
DOI : 10.1103/PhysRevLett.102.075005
Contact
Malcolm Dunlop
Rutherford Appleton Laboratory , United Kingdom
Email : Malcolm .Dunlop stfc.ac.uk
Web story author and co-editor
Arnaud Masson
Science and Robotic Exploration Directorate , ESA , The Netherlands
Email : Arnaud .
Masson esa.int
Phone : +31-71-565-5634
Web story editors
Matt Taylor
Science and Robotic Exploration Directorate , ESA , The Netherlands
Email : Matthew .
Taylor esa.int
Phone : +31-71-565-8009
Philippe Escoubet
Science and Robotic Exploration Directorate , ESA , The Netherlands
Email : Philippe .
Escoubet esa.int
Phone : +31-71-565-4564
Your ordinary log cabin is laid out with lengthwise logs stacked to make its outer walls .
Piet Hein Eek , charged with building a cozy recording studio for friend and musician Hans Liberg , did not make any ordinary log cabin .
Advertisement
This log cabin is n't even really that : the log facade just covers a plastic and steel frame .
It is n't what you 'd expect on the inside , either .
Instead of dark , dingy room with a stove in the corner , Hein Eek 's cabin conceals a clean , bright , and quiet modern recording studio .
[ gallery 5449948 ]
Passers by might mistake the structure for a pile of logs , but they 'll know something 's up when Liberg props open all the unique , top - hinged windows on the sides of the pile .
If they 're still not impressed , they will be when the shack rolls away ; it has wheels and can be hitched to an automobile for relocation , if Liberg ever gets tired of the view .
Advertisement
Check out a huge set of photos at the Thomas Mayer Archive .
[ Thomas Mayer Archive via Tree Hugger ]
AUSTRALIANS in their 20s and 30s are killing themselves with the drug that controversial euthanasia advocate , Dr Philip Nitschke , has promoted as the ' ' peaceful pill ' ' .
The Victorian Institute of Forensic Medicine has found that 51 people across Australia have died from an overdose of Nembutal in the past 10 years .
While the lethal barbiturate is only available for veterinarians to euthanise animals in Australia , Dr Nitschke has been helping people obtain it from Mexican vets and other overseas sources since the late 1990s .
In a report generated exclusively for The Age , the institute said the figure did not represent all deaths caused by the drug , but rather those it could search for on its national database , which has limitations .
But the report provides the first insight into who is using the drug and where they got it from .
While Dr Nitschke has maintained that his organisation , Exit International , tries to restrict its advice to elderly people and those with terminal illnesses or chronic pain over 50 , the report revealed six people in their 20s and eight in their 30s had died from an overdose of the drug .
BERLIN —
When Nokia , the world ’s largest maker of mobile phones , sued Apple , Samsung , LG and eight other competitors within six weeks beginning in October , it said it was conducting a routine defense of its intellectual property .
But for cellphone makers and suppliers accustomed to swapping valuable technologies , the suits filed by Nokia were far from standard .
Like many cellphone makers , Nokia is fighting the economic downturn .
The company , which is based in Finland , has laid off thousands of employees this year to counter falling sales and profit and its slipping share of the global market , which fell to 35 percent in the third quarter , from 41 percent in the second .
Bill Tai , a partner at Charles River Ventures , a technology investment firm , said the new legal aggressiveness was “ a natural evolution ” similar to what took place in the semiconductor and desktop computer businesses during difficult or competitive times .
Today , it was my birthday .
My girlfriend took me out to dinner .
While at the restaurant , she went to the bathroom .
She was then escorted out of the restaurant for having sex in said bathroom .
I was sitting at our booth the entire time .
FML
A study by the University of Exeter provides the first evidence that coral reefs can recover from the devastating effects of climate change .
Published Monday 11 January in the journal PLOS
One , the research shows for the first time that coral reefs located in marine reserves can recover from the impacts of global warming .
Scientists and environmentalists have warned that coral reefs may not be able to recover from the damage caused by climate change and that these unique environments could soon be lost forever .
Now , this research adds weight to the argument that reducing levels of fishing is a viable way of protecting the world 's most delicate aquatic ecosystems .
Increases in ocean surface water temperatures subject coral reefs to stresses that lead quickly to mass bleaching .
The problem is intensified by ocean acidification , which is also caused by increased CO2 .
This decreases the ability of corals to produce calcium carbonate ( chalk ) , which is the material that reefs are made of .
Approximately 2 % of the world 's coral reefs are located within marine reserves , areas of the sea that are protected against potentially - damaging human activity , like dredging and fishing .
The researchers conducted surveys of ten sites inside and outside marine reserves of the Bahamas over 2.5 years .
These reefs have been severely damaged by bleaching and then by hurricane Frances in the summer of 2004 .
At the beginning of the study , the reefs had an average of 7 % coral cover .
By the end of the project , coral cover in marine protected areas had increased by an average of 19 % , while reefs in non-reserve sites showed no recovery .
Professor Peter Mumby of the University of Exeter said : " Coral reefs are the largest living structures on Earth and are home to the highest biodiversity on the planet .
As a result of climate change , the environment that has enabled coral reefs to thrive for hundreds of thousands of years is changing too quickly for reefs to adapt .
" In order to protect reefs in the long - term we need radical action to reduce CO2 emissions .
However , our research shows that local action to reduce the effects of fishing can contribute meaningfully to the fate of reefs .
The reserve allowed the number of parrotfishes to increase and because parrotfish eat seaweeds , the corals could grow freely without being swamped by weeds .
As a result , reefs inside the park were showing recovery whereas those with more seaweed were not .
This sort of evidence may help persuade governments to reduce the fishing of key herbivores like parrotfishes and help reefs cope with the inevitable threats posed by climate change " .
Source : University of Exeter
Together , we have the power to fight infection and stop the spread of COVID - 19 on our campuses .
170-35 .
Yeah , that was the final score .
And of course , there was drama afterward .
In high school sports , there is supposed to be some sense of sportsmanship .
Last week , that got thrown out of the proverbial window when Yates ( Texas ) High School ( ESPN Rise national rank No. 5 ) went all UNLV - circa - 1990s on Lee High School and decided it was cool to quadruple its score .
Now apparently the people in Houston are up in arms .
Soon Revs. Sharpton and Jackson will be in town .
Town hall meeting .
" Nightline . "
You know the drill .
The coach of Lee High School got philosophical after the game .
He said that no coach " wants to put [ their ] kids in a position to be embarrassed . "
Really ?
Let me just ask the question that begs to be asked here :
With the score 100 - 12 at halftime , would n't a " concerned " coach not have sent his kids out on the court for more of the same in the second half ?
Kids , here 's what you can learn from this :
1 . It 's never too early to think about something else besides basketball as a career choice .
2 . Always have someone on the bench holding a white towel , just in case the coach does n't have the cojones to throw it in .
3. Moral victories count only in losses by fewer than 100 points .
4 . You can always get even by getting the cell phone numbers of the girlfriends of the players on the other team .
5. Man up !
Remember :
The puncher is never wrong when it 's your butt on the canvas .
So even when your coach does n't do it , take a whuppin ' with some pride .
Helen Reddy , Jewish feminist singer behind ' I Am Woman , ' dies at 78 " Our hearts are broken .
But we take comfort in the knowledge that her voice will live on forever , " the family wrote on her official Facebook account .
A demonstrator holds a placard at Camp for Climate Change 's protest site at Blackheath in south London August 26 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Stefan Wermuth
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Less than half of Britons believe climate change will affect them during their lifetime and fewer than a fifth think it will disturb their children , a government survey showed Friday .
In the YouGov poll for the Department of Energy and Climate Change , 69 percent of respondents said flooding would be the most likely consequence in Britain , but only 26 percent believed the country was already feeling the impact of climate change .
“ Recent research shows the public are unclear on what causes climate change and what the effects are , ” the department said .
Scientists say rising levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere , caused by burning fossil fuels through greater energy usage , mass deforestation and increased transportation , will lead not only to flooding , but widespread drought , famine and disease , especially in poor countries .
People displaced by climate change , or ‘ climate refugees ’ , was another consequence of a warmer world , and could weigh on Britain ’s economy and social services .
“ The survey results show that people do n’t realise that climate change is already under way and could have very severe consequences for their children ’s lives , ” UK Energy and Climate Change Minister Joan Ruddock said in a statement .
“ With over 40 percent of the UK ’s CO2 emissions a result of personal choices , there is huge potential for individual behaviour change to lower emissions . ”
To raise public awareness , the department is launching its first ever advertising campaign Friday “ confirming the existence of climate change and its man-made origin . ”
To see the DECC television adverts , clickhere
Democratic politicians are on the verge of learning the exact wrong lesson from the Massachusetts election .
Can you sign this emergency petition telling them to be stronger -- not weaker -- in 2010 ?
" The loss of Ted Kennedy 's seat -- due to a lack of enthusiasm among Democrats and Independents -- sends a clear message to Congress .
The Senate health care bill is not the change we were promised in 2008 , and it must be improved .
The Senate must use ' reconciliation ' to pass a better bill with a strong public option . "
This is already a sad time for those of us who loved Ted Kennedy .
But to make it even worse , conservative Democrats are claiming that the loss happened because Congress was " too far to the left . "
But poll after poll shows voters want Democrats to fight harder for change .
Prisonplanet.com
Thursday , February 4th , 2010
Senior US Treasury Dept. Official William Pizer , the current Deputy Assistant Secretary for Environment and Energy is simultaneously a sitting council member on the Global Environment Facility ( www.thegef.org ) , one of the largest funders of projects to “ improve the global environment ” ( i.e. push through fraud - based carbon cap - and - trade programs ) .
This ‘ Facility ’ , while not claiming to be a bank , at the same time calls it itself “ An independent financial organization ” ( see http://www.thegef.org/interior_right.aspx?id=50#GEF%20History ) .
Is n’t it illegal ( or at the very least unethical ) for a senior member of the Treasury Department to openly sit as a member of a huge foreign bank ( oops – “ facility ) ?
illegal ( or at the very least unethical ) for a senior member of the Treasury Department to openly sit as a member of a huge foreign bank ( oops – “ facility ) ?
This is only one of dozens of questions that should be asked about this organization , but we as tax - paying Americans should find someone who can answer this question , because it seems to me that either :
1 ) We need a law passed to stop such a high official holding two such posts and potentially using their influence and position in the US Treasury to move untold millions into the coffers of what is effectively a foreign bank or . . .
2 ) There is a law and someone needs to file a federal lawsuit
Pizer ’s name / contact info .
appear on the GEF website here ( just scroll down a bit ) :
http://www.thegef.org/interior.aspx?id=21670#PIZER
This is no small matter : I found this organization while researching information given by George Hunt on an Alex Jones Show interview last January ( see http://www.infowars.com/the-inner-workings-of-a-one-world-new-age-government-alex-interviews-george-hunt/), and George Hunt claims this organzation was founded by Edmond de Rothschild and Maurice Strong ( originally to be named the “ World Conservation Bank ” ) , and its purpose is to engulf all other banks .
In the interview , George played numerous audio clips proving Edmond De Rothschild , Maurice Strong , as well as former Treas .
Sec. James A Baker III , and the then heads of the IMF and World Bank were involved in promoting this new bank at the Fourth World Wilderness Congress in 1987 in Colorado .
The very fact that you ca n’t find any information on who actually started this bank is suspicious in itself , given its size and massive UN backing : the Wikipedia entry on this organization merely parrots that which is on the ” thegef.org ” website , and also does not explain its origin :
The Wikipedia entry states “ The Global Environment Facility was established in October 1991 as a $ 1 billion pilot program in the World Bank to assist in the protection of the global environment and to promote environmental sustainable development ” .
Established by who ?
The GEF ’s verbose and acronymn - laden 2008 annual report brags of the millions of dollars ostensibly transferred from 1st world nations to poorer nations to help clean up their environment , but it offers zero details on where the money came from other than simple pie charts showing broad categories such as “ government ” , “ NGO ” , etc. :
http://www.gefweb.org/interior_right.aspx?id=26610
Everyone should contact their US senator or congressman , as well as the US Attorney General and demand an investigation into this obvious appearance of impropriety on the part of the US Treasury Department
Sincerely ,
Jeff in Tx
This article was posted : Thursday , February 4 , 2010 at 5:32 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Congratulating the Team
NASA Administrator Charles Bolden , left , is seen in this fish - eye view as he congratulates NASA Shuttle Launch Director Michael Leinbach and the launch team in Firing Room Four of the Launch Control Center for a successful launch of the space shuttle Endeavour and the start of the STS - 130 mission at NASA Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral , Fla. on Monday , Feb. 8 , 2010 .
Endeavour and its crew will deliver to the International Space Station a third connecting module , the Italian - built Tranquility node and the seven - windowed cupola , which will be used as a control room for robotics .
Image Credit : NASA / Bill Ingalls
These sculptures are the first from the 400 that are put on the seabed in the Caribbean , Mexico and they form the beginning of the largest underwater sculpture museum in the world to celebrate the region 's Mayan history .
The view is quite impressive !
Creator of the world ’s first underwater sculpture park , Jason de Caires Taylor has gained international recognition for his unique work .
His sculptures highlight ecological processes whilst exploring the intricate relationships between modern art and the environment .
By using sculptures to create artificial reefs , the artist ’s interventions promote hope and recovery , and underline our need to understand and protect the natural world .
The sculptures are sited in clear shallow waters to afford easy access by divers , snorkellers and those in glass - bottomed boats .
Viewers are invited to discover the beauty of our underwater planet and to appreciate the processes of reef evolution .
Share : You Might Also Like : loading ...
A bent X chromosome like the one above is characteristic of the condition Delays at crucial points during the development of the brain in the womb may explain why people with a condition linked to autism do not like hugs .
A study in mice with fragile X syndrome found wiring in the part of the brain that responds to touch is formed late .
The findings may help explain why people with the condition are hypersensitive to physical contact , the researchers wrote in Neuron .
It also points to key stages when treatment could be most effective .
Fragile X syndrome is caused by a mutant gene in the X chromosome that interferes in the production of a protein called fragile X mental retardation protein ( FMRP ) .
Under normal circumstances , the protein directs the formation of other proteins that build synapses in the brain .
It also has implications for the treatment of autism since the changes in the brains of fragile X and autistic people are thought to significantly overlap
Professor Peter Kind ,
Study author Boys are usually more severely affected with the condition - which is the leading known cause of autism - because they have only one X chromosome .
In addition to mental impairment , hyperactivity , emotional and behavioural problems , anxiety and mood swings , people with fragile X also show what doctors call " tactile defensiveness " , which means they do not make eye contact and do not like physical contact and are hypersensitive to touch and sound .
Connections
By recording electrical signals in the brains of mice , bred to mimic the condition , the researchers found that connections in the sensory cortex in the brain were late to mature .
This " mistiming " may trigger a domino effect and cause further problems with the correct wiring of the brain , they concluded .
The study also found these changes in the brain 's connections occur much earlier than previously thought , midway through a baby 's development in the womb .
And it suggests there are key " windows " when treatments for fragile X and autism could be most effective , they said .
Professor Peter Kind , who led the study at the University of Edinburgh , added : " We 've learned these changes happen much earlier than previously thought , which gives valuable insight into when we should begin therapeutic intervention for people with these conditions .
" It also has implications for the treatment of autism since the changes in the brains of fragile X and autistic people are thought to significantly overlap . "
Dr Gina Gómez de la Cuesta , from the National Autistic Society , said research into fragile X syndrome could help understanding of certain aspects of autism .
" Autism is common in people with fragile X syndrome , however there are many other causes of autism , most of which are not yet fully understood .
" Understanding how the brain works when a person has fragile X syndrome could help put some of the pieces together about what is happening in the brain when a person has autism , but it is not the whole story .
" Animal research can tell us a lot about genetics and the brain , but it is only a small part of the picture and further research would be required before we fully understand any links to autism . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
piece of music : member of a music collection and inhabitant of islands of music .
Groups of similar pieces of music ( also known as genres ) like to gather around large mountains or small hills depending on the size of the group .
Groups which are similar to each other like to live close together .
Individuals which are not members of specific groups usually live near the beach and some very individualistic pieces might be found swimming in deep water .
islands of music : serve as graphical user interface to a music collection and are intended to help the user explore vast amounts of music in an efficient way .
Islands of music are generated automatically based on psychoacoustics models and self - organizing maps .
ANDY Roddick is used to media attention but he may not have realised he was losing the spotlight to amorous marsupials .
WARNING : KOALA SEX
Roddick and wife Brooklyn Decker played tourist at Lone Pine Koala Sanctuary in Brisbane before some frisky koalas stole the show .
The tennis star and his model wife were forced out of the limelight as the animals put on their own show for the media .
Earlier , Roddick and Decker held a koala and patted a kangaroo .
Roddick , however , took considerably more convincing to tentatively touch a very large python .
The couple are in the sunshine state where Roddick is competing in the Brisbane International tennis tournament .
Originally published as Frisky koalas upstage Roddick
Advertisements
MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow made another appearance on CBS ’ The Late Show with David Letterman last night .
Maddow assesses Obama ’s first year , “ I think nobody ’s noticed that he ’s kind of quietly put together the most legislatively accomplished first year of any president in a generation . ”
Here is the video :
Advertisements
Letterman asked Maddow for an assessment of Obama ’s first year , “ Well , it ’s , the most interesting thing about Obama ’s first year is how crazy the opposition has gone in reaction to him , and that ’s been so exciting , the Sarah Palin / Michael Steele / Tea Party stuff on the right that I think , nobody ’s noticed that he ’s kind of quietly put together the most legislatively accomplished first year in a generation .
He ’s done a lot . ”
Letterman followed up by asking if Obama has effectively accomplished things .
Maddow answered , “ Well , he did , the bailout thing , while being wildly unpopular , does appear to have stopped the financial industry from disappearing .
We do still have an economy .
It ’s not the best one , but we have one , and to have sort of saved us from going into the Great Depression was the thing he did n’t ever plan on having to do , but he actually did it , and had to do a lot of politically unpopular things to do .
Also did the giant stimulus , which even conservatives are starting to admit now worked , and if he gets healthcare signed , that ’s something that what six , seven presidents have tried to do and nobody ’s been able to , so everybody ’s slagging him off and saying what a disappointment he ’s been while he ’s quietly doing everything he wants to do . ”
I think Maddow delivered an accurate assessment of Obama ’s first year .
The expectations for Obama were so unrealistically high that when he did n’t sit behind his desk in the Oval Office , snap his fingers , and make all of our problems go away , people were disappointed .
If he gets healthcare , he will have had a first year that is on par with Ronald Reagan’s .
Hopefully , Obama has also learned some lessons about leading Congress and not leaving them to their own devices , and the fact that his opponents must be willing to engage before bi-partisanship is possible .
Obama has had his rocky patches , but overall it has been an impressive first year .
Once the unemployment rate drops , Obama ’s approval rating will return to its previous high levels
Are you one of those who fervently wants to work out but cannot seem to find the time to do so ?
Did you know that there is one such workout program which will take you only ten minutes and will still give you great workouts - lower body , full body , abs , cardio , and yoga ?
This is the 10 Minute Trainer by Beachbody program developed by Tony Horton .
With long workouts , you start with cardio exercises then move on to exercising different body parts one at a time .
This is why it usually takes from one to two hours for a total body workout .
Tony Horton did it differently .
He â€œstackedâ€ the workouts so that in each and every move , you are getting a combination of fat - burning cardio , total body toning and sculpting , abs workouts , and yoga flex to stretch those tight muscle areas .
The lower body workout portion puts you through different kinds of lunges , squats and plies .
The total body workout involves two kinds of pushups .
The abs workout can be a tough one but each move , lasting 60 seconds each , really strengthens your core .
Part of the cardio workout involves a waist belt but if you do not want to use the belt , the rest of that workout is cardio enough .
Lastly , the yoga flex involves stretches that work on tight muscles and give them the flexibility needed to reduce sports injuries .
This is what you call body workout multitasking !
When you order the 10 Minute Trainer by Beachbody , you do not just get the DVDs with the workout routines .
You get a great resistance band kit ( with handles ) and a cardio belt , a customized workout calendar , nutrition tips , a Rapid Results Guidebook and still more .
Be ready for a hard workout because Tony Horton packs the 10 Minute Trainer by Beachbody with just the right combination of exercises to work your whole body within those ten minutes .
But when you really have just this much time to spare , you can be sure you will get the most out of those minutes .
Order the 10 Minute Trainer by Beachbody HERE
<<< NEWS FROM THE LAB - Monday , January 18 , 2010 >>>
ARCHIVES | SEARCH On - going Targeted Attacks Against US Military Contractors Posted by Mikko @ 12:54 GMT F- Secure Labs has learned of another interesting targeted attack .
In this case , malicious PDF files were e-mailed to US defense contractors .
While the " Aurora " attacks against Google and others happened in December 2009 , this happened just last week .
The PDF file was quite convincing and it looked like it came from the Department of Defense :
PDF file md5 hash : c144581973fe16a6adca09e0d630bf63
The document talks about a real conference to be held in Las Vegas in March .
When opened to Adobe Reader , the file exploited the CVE - 2009 - 4324 vulnerability .
This is the doc.media.newPlayer vulnerability that Adobe patched last Tuesday .
The exploit dropped a file called Updater.exe ( md5 : 3677fc94bc0dd89138b04a5a7a0cf2e0 ) .
This is a backdoor that connects to IP address 140.136.148.42 .
In order to avoid detection , it bypasses the local web proxy when doing this connection .
Anybody who controls that IP will gain access to the infected computer and the company network .
This particular IP is located in Taiwan .
By Vernon Felton
WHAT : Dancing with Cats
HOW MUCH : $ 16.95
WHERE : Garden - variety , left - leaning bookstore
I ’m struggling to find the words .
Groping and bumping my head against a thousand walls .
How , exactly , can I relay just how disturbing Dancing with Cats truly is ?
For instance , I was planning to use that as my first sentence : Dancing with Cats is truly the most disturbing book I ’ve laid eyes on …. but nah , still does n’t convey it .
I guess I ’ll just back up and explain the book ’s premise .
I ’m going to rely heavily on the book ’s own text here , because , honestly I still do n’t have a fuckin’ clue as to what the authors were trying to do here .
So , let me re-print a snippet from the inside leaf .
Ahem … .
” While researching their groundbreaking book , Why Cats Paint , Burton Silver and Heather Busch discovered another phenomenon that seemed to merit further investigation — people who dance with their cats .
Or , more accurately , cats who dance with their people .
All around the world today , people are rediscovering the ancient practice of cat dancing , tapping into this remarkable method of channeling feline energy …
A brave leap forward in the history of human - feline relations , Dancing with Cats will have you and your cat jumping for joy — and cutting a rug — in no time . ”
Point Number
One : I have a hard time getting publishers to bite off on sensible , marketable book ideas , and some jack ass has gotten a publisher to pony up the cash ( 4 - color throughout , heavy card - stock pages … this thing must have cost a bundle to produce ) for not just one , but two , books with utterly insane premises ( cats who paint and cats who dance ) .
Okay , I ’ll admit this is pure envy on my part .
My grudge here , as the hip hop crowd would say , is just pure hating .
I ’ll move on .
Point Number
Two :
There is no world - wide trend of cat dancing .
If there was , the nightly news would play reels of it non-stop .
We ’d never see another shark or pitbull attack again .
No more coverage of the war in Iraq .
There ’d be no Brad Pitt - just - knocked - up - Angelina Jolie coverage .
Just lots of manx and tabbies fox trotting into TV eternity .
If Ted Turner and the combined satanic forces of NBC , ABC and CBS have n’t already fabricated this story , it simply does n’t exist .
Seriously .
Point Number
Three :
There is no such thing as “ the history of human - feline relations ” .
There is no relationship with a cat — if by the word “ relationship ” we mean a give and take between two partners who either care for each other or provide one another with services .
Here ’s the deal : cats are the Ike Turners of the animal kingdom .
They use you for food and shelter .
They ride on your coat tails .
They do n’t love or even like you .
Yes , cat owners , try hard to construe certain actions as signs of affection , but the same cat owners invariably come into work every other week with a gash on their face or arm , blubbering “ I must have done something wrong .
I was cuddling with Mr. Paws and suddenly he got up and flayed open my cheek .
Now I have tetanus and the doctor is going to have to cut off half of my jaw .
I ’m so worried about Mr. Paws !
Why did I have to anger him ?
Why did n’t I give him more space ? ”
Something along those lines .
Cats do n’t love people .
They are just biding their time .
Eating your food , fucking the neighbors Siamese , spraying your favorite couch because , shit , why the hell not ?
It ’s not like they care about you .
The moment you grow weak , they ’re on top of you .
Eating you alive .
I ’m dead serious here .
True story : when my wife was doing her ER residency in Buffalo they brought a woman into the hospital whose toes had been nibbled clean off by her four cats .
The old lady suffered some kind of stroke while on the crapper and sat there for two days , with her pants around her ankles and her cats gnawing on her feet .
It was n’t like it took a month for the cats to turn on her — we ’re talking about less than 48 friggin’ hours !
Think about it .
You may take my ranting as just pure cat - hating rhetoric .
While it ’s true that I ’m a fan of dogs , it ’s not that I actually hate cats .
I just respect the fact that they ’ve never allowed themselves to become entirely domesticated .
They ’re basically small versions of mountain lions .
If they could take you down , they would .
Minus the opportunity , they ’ll just eat your food and destroy your house .
I ’ve got in - laws like that .
I do n’t hate them for it ; I just do n’t invite them to live with me .
Know what I mean ?
But I ’ve strayed again from the topic .
This book .
Well , let ’s just say it ’s got some of the most disturbing images this side of German fecal porn .
It ’s tough stuff to look at , though I ’ll admit that the production values and photographic lighting are absolutely top - notch ( which only rubs salt to the wounds , so to speak ) .
I ’ve seen several copies in local bookstores , but I live in a place where colonics and oxygen bars do a brisk trade , despite the fact that 30 percent of the population is in - debt or flat - out broke .
I think Howard Dean would have made a great president and I ’m considered to the right of Ghengis Khan in this town .
Accordingly , you might have to head for the absolute hippiest / new age town in your state to find the book .
Consider yourself warned .
Finally , you could argue that this book is intended to be humorous and that I ’m just being a bit dense about the whole thing .
Yes , yes …I ’ve considered that possibility , but I ’ve scoured each page for the slightest hint of tongue - in - cheek .
While the contents are ludicrous , I think this is , in fact , an earnest enterprise–some people are just that f-ed up in the head .
If this book is meant to be humorous , then it is the most subtle , ingenius work written to date .
A strange conclusion , yeah , I know .
Sort of like thinking , “ That ’s either the next mother of my children or that ’s the most beautiful man I ’ve ever met . ”
Odd. Disturbing .
There you have it .
A life of struggle and unprecedented political success ; integrity and commitment all the way
Jyoti Basu , veteran Marxist leader and one of the tallest figures in the country ’s political life , died of septicaemia due to pneumonia that led to multi-organ failure , here on Sunday .
He was 95 and is survived by his son and three grandchildren .
After battling for life in a private hospital over the past 17 days , he passed away at 11.47 a.m .
Chairman of the Left Front Committee in the State and Secretary of the West Bengal State Committee of the CPI ( M ) , Biman Bose , announced the passing away of Mr. Basu shortly after noon .
“ I have come to give you sad news .
Jyoti Basu is no more with us .
He has left us .
I cannot speak any more , ” he told journalists outside the hospital .
Union Home Minister P. Chidambaram , who was here , described Mr. Basu as “ a colossus who strode India ’s political scene for many decades , ” adding : “ He was a great democrat , a great parliamentarian and a great source of inspiration …
It is a sad day for all of us . ”
Chief Minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee , CPI ( M ) general secretary Prakash Karat , Polit Bureau member and MP Brinda Karat and Somnath Chatterjee , former Lok Sabha Speaker , were present at the hospital .
His body was taken to Peace Haven , a funeral parlour , via the residence of his son , Chandan Bose , and Indira Bhavan in Salt Lake where Mr. Basu lived in the later phase of his life .
Mr. Basu was India ’s pre-eminent Communist leader , and one of post - independence India ’s greatest and most respected mass political leaders .
He was the last of the nine founding Polit Bureau members and India ’s longest - serving Chief Minister .
Mr. Basu was a man of immense charisma , and one whose faith in the people was unflinching .
He lived a full life , characterised by struggle and by successes in government that few other political leaders in India have been able to match .
He was immaculate in dress and bearing , a person of extraordinary personal discipline , and , well into his 80s , known for the briskness of his stride , and for consistently outpacing the security guards who accompanied him .
A byword for intellectual , political and personal integrity and for a straightforward , self - assured and imperturbable style in politics , Mr. Basu made a profound , long - term difference to the large , populous and strategically important State that was his first priority and commanded his best efforts .
As has been widely noted , his enduring legacy as Chief Minister of West Bengal between 1977 and 2000 includes land reforms , accountable governance , functioning panchayat institutions , and the creation of a stable atmosphere of communal harmony and secularism .
However , those who remember him chiefly as India ’s longest - serving Chief Minister are likely to underestimate his long experience in the crucible of struggle : as a trade union organiser , as a popular agitator , and as a revolutionary fighter – starting , as was typical for his generation , as a freedom fighter and courageously facing and overcoming state - sponsored repression and intolerance in independent India as well .
They are likely also to underestimate the inner resources of one of the most attractive and gifted mass political leaders that India , or indeed any country , has seen over the past half century .
Mr. Basu was the chief architect of the Left Front in West Bengal , and he repeatedly said that it was to “ the conscious , struggling people ” of the State that credit went for making it possible for the Left Front to win seven successive Assembly elections .
Being elected for a five - year term seven times in succession was “ not only an achievement without precedent in India , ” he noted matter - of - factly , “ but also in the history of parliamentary democracy in the world . ”
Never one to despair over fluctuating political fortunes , he observed that the recent electoral setbacks suffered by the Left in West Bengal were because “ we could not take our message properly to the people . ”
He added : “ Besides , in certain areas we made mistakes . ”
In an interview to Bengali daily Ganashakti a month after the results of the 2009 Lok Sabha polls were announced , Mr. Basu reiterated his faith in the people .
“ It is the people who determine the course of history , ” he said , adding that there “ can be some who misunderstand [ us ] temporarily , but if we keep going to the people repeatedly and make ourselves worthy of their love , they will most certainly understand us .
We will have to again draw to our side those who opposed us in the last panchayat and Lok Sabha elections . ”
Millis : Approaches to Interstellar Flight
How do you go about pushing the frontiers of propulsion science ?
Tau Zero Foundation founder Marc Millis discussed the question in a just published interview with h+ Magazine .
One aspect of the question is to recognize where we are today .
Millis is on record as saying that it may be two to four centuries before we ’re ready to launch an Alpha Centauri mission .
Why the delay ?
The problem is not so much high - tech savvy as it is available energy , and Millis evaluates it by comparing the energy we use for rocketry today vs. the entire Earth ’s consumption of energy .
The question is how much energy we produce and how much we consume , and what percentage of that is devoted to spaceflight .
You can see and hear Millis discussing his calculations on the matter in a presentation he made at the TEDx Brussels 2009 session , one that is linked to from the interview .
Obviously , the time to the Centauri stars decreases if we decide to put ten times more energy into the space program than we have historically done .
Will we make such a choice ?
While we ’re working such issues out , Millis advocates backing off the idea of choosing a single best approach for interstellar flight .
We ’re a long way from actually flying such a mission , and rather than attempting to choose a single course , we do better by researching the entire range of possibilities :
Relative to the technology , as a culture we ’re so used to thinking how we can get “ there ” the quickest , or what ’s the best single approach .
When it comes to interstellar flight and learning to live beyond Earth , this thinking sidetracks us because we ’re so far from fruition in our understanding of interstellar space options , that there ’s no way for us to pick “ the ” one way .
Instead , there are many different options and unknowns .
We stand to gain a lot more from the attempt to understand them – chipping away at them rather than not doing anything at all .
By researching the spectrum of possibilities , we ’re likely to be better off in the near term .
A research plan that looks laterally , the way a mountain climber evaluates the best path up ?
We have n’t explicitly tried that approach in interstellar studies , but Millis backs it :
I really want to change the paradigm of how we look at interstellar flight .
It ’s not just a matter of trying to get there quickly or to find “ the best approach , ” rather it ’s finding the smartest things we can do today that set the stage for a more productive future .
At the Tau Zero Foundation , we cover simple solar sails to the seemingly impossible faster - than - light .
Rather than trying to identify the best approach , we ’re trying to identify the next steps that students can work on to chip away at where their own personal interests lie .
Most of the h+ interview is spent on current issues , such as the cancellation of the Constellation program and the most realistic way to get to Mars , but those with a yen for breakthrough ideas will enjoy Millis ’ thoughts on faster than light travel and the time paradoxes it might introduce .
Does quantum entanglement show instantaneous connections between particles or are there other explanations , and are there faster than light implications in all this ?
Read the interview for more , and bear in mind that the book Millis edited with Eric Davis , Frontiers of Propulsion Science , gets into such questions with a vengeance .
Re quantum entanglement and its implications , even Millis calls that the hardest chapter in the book , a statement with which most scientists would agree .
Herb Williams was born in Montgomery in 1973 , and then received a BFA in sculpture from Birmingham - Southern College .
In 1998 , he started his unique creation , that is , creating original sculptures out of individual crayons that may require as many as hundreds of thousands .
He received The Joan Mitchell Foundation Museum Purchase Grant in 2004 and the Next Star Artist Award in 2008 .
Herb Williams is one of the only individuals in the world with an account with Crayola .
His works have got highly laudation by numerous news papers and museums , and have reached many countries as America , China , England , Canada , Belgium , Germany , Australia , Croatia , and Japan .
Are you curious about how great his works are ?
Let ’s have a look at them together .
Gyoza filled with shrimp , broccoli , and lots of ginger are boiled first then tossed on the grill for a nice char .
Serve with a spicy peanut sauce .
I 'm please to say that http://lists.perl.org/ has been revamped and is no longer a redirect .
Shlomi sorted the data ( merging the wiki data + lists.cpan.org ) , I put the site together , Robert cleaned up and added some features .
The lists are now configured in a JSON file so it should be easier for people to supply patches ( and patches are needed ! ) .
Enjoy .
Leo
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Scientists in the US believe they may have solved the riddle of San Francisco 's vanishing sea lions .
The Californian city 's famous colony of sea lions all but disappeared over the past month , baffling experts .
But now large numbers of the animals have been spotted further north , off the coast of Oregon .
Scientists say the animals have probably migrated in search of food during the winter , although in unusually high numbers .
The sea lions of San Francisco are almost as famous as the city 's cable cars or even the Golden Gate bridge , says the BBC's Peter Bowes in Los Angeles .
Twenty years ago , for no apparent reason , the smelly , noisy animals took up residence in the docks at Pier 39 .
Their numbers grew rapidly to about 1,700 animals , and they became a popular tourist attraction .
But then most of them disappeared .
Initially , marine experts were baffled .
One outlandish suggestion was that they were fleeing the bay because of an imminent earthquake , our correspondent says .
But now the sighting of large numbers of sea lions off the coast of Oregon may have solved the mystery .
Scientists say it is normal for the animals to move north in search of food during the winter but it is extremely unusual for them to migrate in such huge numbers .
Full - body scanners coming to O'Hare airport
A passenger is checked inside a body scanner at Schiphol airport , Netherlands , Monday .
The scanners , like small walk - in closets , reveal the outline of a passenger 's body to detect any concealed objects under the clothing .
Full - body scanners will come to O'Hare International Airport in 2010 , though aviation officials could not say exactly when .
Rosemarie S. Andolino , commissioner of the Chicago Department of Aviation , was asked about the scanners Tuesday during a briefing with reporters on security measures at O'Hare and Midway airports .
She said the department is working with the federal Transportation Security Administration on the scanners , saying they could be installed at O'Hare during the first half of next year .
She did n't know how many machines would be installed .
Right now , neither airport uses them .
Debate about the scanners , which are now in use in at least 19 U.S. airports , has heated up since the Christmas Day attempt to blow up a jetliner in Detroit .
Advocates say the scanners , which reveal the contours of a person 's body with embarrassing clarity , would help prevent such attempts in the future .
Critics object to the technology on grounds of personal privacy .
The suspect in the attempted bombing , Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab of Nigeria , reportedly tried to ignite powder explosives hidden in his clothing as the Northwest Airlines jet was landing .
He did not go through a scanner before boarding the plane in Amsterdam .
A full - body scanner " could have been helpful in this case , absolutely , " said Evert van Zwol , head of the Dutch Pilots Association .
Jay Stanley , public education director for the American Civil Liberties Union 's Technology and Liberty Program , said the machines essentially perform " virtual strip - searches that see through your clothing and reveal the size and shape of your body . "
Passengers enter a narrow passage in the body - scanning machine and stop with legs apart and arms out for a scan that takes 15 to 30 seconds .
Contraband shows up clearly on the screen of the operator , who is in an enclosed room and not seen by the passenger , TSA has said .
Andolino did not announce any major changes in procedure during Tuesday 's briefing , which took place at O'Hare .
Security has been increased at both airports since the Christmas bombing attempt , with more bomb - sniffing dogs on hand and extra screenings taking place for domestic flights .
TSA officials have asked travelers , particularly those on international flights , to allow extra time for security checks .
Andolino said she believes the increases in security have not been unduly burdensome on travelers so far , and asked for patience in the future .
" ( Airline passengers ) understand that the security is something that protects our airport and them as the traveler , " she said .
" Americans overall have developed somewhat of a patience for the security process at airports .
And we need to do everything we can to make it more of a friendly one . "
Andolino also reminded travelers to be vigilant as they move through airports , and to report any suspicious activity they see .
More than 1.5 million passengers are expected to travel through Midway and O'Hare airports from Tuesday through Jan. 4 , officials said .
ABC 7 Chicago and Daily Herald news services contributed to this report .
California lawmakers on Tuesday endorsed an overhaul of the state 's marijuana laws by pushing forward a bill to legalize adult recreational use and taxation of the drug .
The 4 - 3 vote by the Assembly Public Safety Committee was the first in the nation by a legislative body supporting recreational use of the drug .
But several of the lawmakers who voted for the plan said they did so only to extend debate .
" I do not support marijuana .
I do n't use it , I do n't want my kids to use it , I do n't want anyone 's kids to use it , " said Assemblyman Jared Huffman , D - San Rafael , who voted in favor .
But he said he supported the plan because he wants " a more rational approach to ... a failed criminalization policy . "
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger supported extending the discussion , though he added that he supports current laws .
The Legislature " will come up with a good decision , I 'm absolutely convinced of that , " the Republican governor said .
The bill may die a procedural death , however , as it is up against a Friday deadline to move out of the health committee , which has no meetings scheduled before the end of the week .
The bill 's sponsor , Assemblyman Tom Ammiano , D - San Francisco , said he would reintroduce the plan if that happens .
" This is a significant vote today because it legitimizes the quest for debate , the quest for discussion , " Ammiano said .
" There was a time when the ' m ' word never would have been brought up in Sacramento . "
Under existing California law , only medical use of the drug is allowed .
Recreational use is not permitted , and users , sellers and growers risk jail time , prison time and fines .
AB390 would allow possession , sale and cultivation of marijuana for people over 21 , and impose a $ 50 - per- ounce sales tax , much like taxes on tobacco and alcohol .
The California Department of Alcoholic Beverage Control would be responsible for regulation .
The vote in Sacramento comes as state lawmakers in New Jersey on Monday made that state one of the few on the East Coast to approve medicinal marijuana use .
In Olympia , the Washington state Legislature will consider two bills today to remove criminal penalties associated with marijuana .
In California , law enforcement officials from across the state attended the Tuesday hearing to oppose the measure , while drug policy reform advocates and the American Civil Liberties Union spoke in favor .
San Mateo Police Chief Susan Manheimer , who is acting president of the California Police Chiefs Association , said she was disappointed by the committee 's action and said she believes the state 's approach for handling marijuana has been effective in keeping young people from using it .
" I think we need to have the full dialogue in debunking the myths , " she said , predicting the social costs would outweigh any tax gains .
State officials have estimated that taxing and regulating marijuana could bring in anywhere from a few hundred million dollars to $ 1.4 billion annually , though one person who testified against the measure called that " blood money . "
Assemblyman Curt Hagman , R - Chino Hills ( San Bernardino County ) , the vice chairman of the committee , voted against the proposal and said it had not fully been vetted .
" This issue needs to be discussed more , but this bill is not the vehicle to do that , " Hagman said .
Drug policy reform advocates called the vote a watershed moment for marijuana laws .
" This is a historic vote that marks the formal beginning of the end of marijuana prohibition in the United States , " said Stephen Gutwillig , California state director of the Drug Policy Alliance .
Ammiano won the support of the other Democrats on the committee , who are all from the Bay Area .
Voting yes were Ammiano , Assemblyman Jerry Hill , D - San Mateo , Huffman and Assemblywoman Nancy Skinner , D-Berkeley .
Voting no were Assemblyman Warren Furutani , D - Gardena ( Los Angeles County ) , Assemblyman Danny Gilmore , R- Hanford ( Kings County ) and Hagman .
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) -- Facing sharp criticism on Capitol Hill , Treasury Secretary Geithner and his predecessor , Henry Paulson , on Wednesday defended their decision to complete a $ 182 billion bailout of American International Group Inc. , arguing that it was necessary to protect the financial system from implosion .
" The steps the government took to rescue AIG were motivated solely by what we believed to be in the best interests of the American people , " said Geithner , who was the president of the New York Federal Reserve when AIG AIG , +0.87 % was rescued .
" Thousands of more factories would have closed their doors ; the value of American savings would have fallen even more .
It would have brought about utter collapse , " said Geithner .
Paulson , who was Treasury Secretary at the time , said an AIG failure would have been devastating to the financial system and easily have driven unemployment up to 25 % , well beyond its current 10 % .
Geithner said taxpayers could recover the cost of the AIG bailout if lawmakers support an Obama administration proposal that would impose a $ 90 billion fee over ten years on financial institutions .
Lawmakers argue that Geithner and Paulson failed to obtain concessions for taxpayers and point to emails suggesting the New York Fed sought improperly to conceal that it had repaid AIG 's counterparties in full with $ 62 billion in taxpayer funds .
The Federal Reserve 's use of its extraordinary powers to assist AIG has angered many members of Congress of both political parties .
Lately , lawmakers have expanded their criticism of the Obama administration 's bailout efforts , which they contend resulted in expanded benefits to Wall Street at the expense of Main Street .
Critics argue that the government 's actions at AIG were in fact a ' back - door bailout ' at the expense of U.S. taxpayers .
" The government gave Goldman Sachs more than it had any right to expect , but at the same time no financial relief was given to millions of Americans facing a foreclosure crisis , " said Rep. Dennis Kucinich , D - Ohio .
Rep. Ed Towns , D - N.Y. , chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform committee , said the bailout " creates an air of suspicion and distrust among the American people . "
He expressed concerns about the decision by the New York Fed to try to keep the names of derivative counterparties of AIG receiving taxpayer bailouts private .
Under pressure from Congress , the names of derivative counterparties were eventually disclosed .
" The New York Fed argued that disclosing the names of the counterparties would somehow injure AIG , " Towns said .
" In fact , when the information was finally released under pressure from Congress , nothing happened ... But it did have an effect on the credibility of the Federal Reserve and it called into question the Fed 's penchant for secrecy . "
Role of the Fed questioned
GOP lawmakers on the committee also focused their attention on emails they have suggesting that the New York Fed sought to conceal it had repaid AIG 's counterparties in full with $ 62 billion in taxpayer funds .
“ ' The steps the government took to rescue AIG were motivated solely by what we believed to be in the best interests of the American people . ' ” — Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner
" It stretches credulity for us to believe that you had no role in this and did n't know anything about it when your attorneys were sending emails around everywhere , " said Rep. Dan Burton , D - Indiana .
Geithner and Paulson both said they were not involved in the disclosure of the AIG payments .
" I had no role in making decisions regarding what to disclose about the specific financial terms ... of payments to counterparties , " Geithner said .
However , he acknowledged that he thinks every day about things the government could have done differently in the short time it had to respond to AIG 's impending failure .
Paulson said he was n't involved in any of the decisions about AIG 's public disclosure of AIG payments , adding that it was predominantly the responsibility of the Fed and New York Fed .
The Fed 's Bernanke also said in a letter Wednesday that he was not " directly " involved in negotiations with the AIG counterparties , adding that the negotiations were handled by the NY Fed .
Bernanke said he supported the Fed 's decision to authorize the bailout .
AIG received $ 62.1 billion in federal funds that it used to fully pay off counterparties at financial institutions in the United States and Europe , including Goldman Sachs Group GS , +2.12 % , Bank of America Corp.
BAC , +1.34 % , J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM , +0.96 % and Deutsche Bank AG DB , +1.57 % .
AIG is in the process of selling off units to partially pay off the government investment .
Democrats on the committee took issue with Paulson and Geithner for failing to get on the phone with the CEOs of top U.S. banks -- many of the same ones that were pressed to take billions in taxpayer funds as part of the $ 700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Program -- and ask them to take a discount on the payments they received as part of the AIG bailout .
" The commitment to Goldman Sachs trumped your commitment to the American people , " said Rep. Stephen Lynch , D - Mass .
" We had the banks in a position where we could have exercised a lot of leverage against them and we never used that leverage . "
Meanwhile , Rep. Darrell Issa , R - Calif. , the committee 's ranking member , pressed Geithner on his roll in the bailout .
" Where was Secretary Geithner during the months and months that backdoor bailouts were being questioned in the media ?
Did he ever wonder why his decision to pay AIG 's counterparties was kept secret for so long ? "
Issa said .
Issa released a letter Tuesday indicating that Bernanke 's staff did not agree with a decision by him to bailout AIG .
Read about Issa 's letter .
" This morning Sen . Jim Bunning , a member of the Senate Banking Committee , who is familiar with documents in the possession of the Federal Reserve , referred to an e-mail sent by Bernanke to his staff " after his staff recommended that the Federal Reserve not touch AIG .
According to Bunning , Bernanke 's staff " did not agree with him . "
A report produced by Issa and his staff released Tuesday , argues that the New York Fed covered up details about its decision to use taxpayer funds to pay AIG 's counterparties at par .
In the report , Issa released an email made on Nov. 11 , 2008 , by New York Fed assistant vice president Alejandro Latorre to other Fed officials that said , " As a matter of course , we do not want to disclose that the concession is at par unless absolutely necessary . "
Read the Issa report
The U.S. government owns about 80 % of AIG as a result of its injection of capital to save the company from collapse in 2008 .
I came across a videotaped lecture by Itamar Pitowsky given at PITP some years ago on the question of probability in physics that we discussed in two earlier posts on randomness in nature ( I , II ) .
There are links below to the presentation slides , and to a video of the lecture .
A little over a week ago on Thursday , Itamar , Oron Shagrir , and I sat at our little CS cafeteria and discussed this very same issue .
What does probability mean ?
Does it just represent human uncertainty ?
Is it just an emerging mathematical concept which is convenient for modeling ?
Do matters change when we move from classical to quantum mechanics ?
When we move to quantum physics the notion of probability itself changes for sure , but is there a change in the interpretation of what probability is ?
A few people passed by and listened , and it felt like this was a direct continuation of conversations we had while we ( Itamar and I ; Oron is much younger ) were students in the early 70s .
This was our last meeting and Itamar ’s deep voice and good smile are still with me .
In spite of his illness of many years Itamar looked in good shape .
A day later , on Friday , he met with a graduate student working on connections between philosophy and computer science .
Yet another exciting new frontier .
Last Wednesday Itamar passed away from sudden complications related to his illness .
Itamar was a great guy ; he was great in science and great in the humanities , and he had an immense human wisdom and a modest , level - headed way of expressing it .
I will greatly miss him .
Here is a link to a Condolence page for Itamar Pitowsky
Probability in physics :
where does it come from ?
Itamar Pitowsky Dept. of Philosophy , The Hebrew University of Jerusalem
The application of probability theory to physics began in the 19th century with Maxwell ’s and Boltzmann ’s explanation of the properties of gases in terms of the motion of their constituent molecules .
Now the term probability is not a part of the ( classical ) theory of particle motion ; so what does it mean , and where does it come from ?
Boltzmann thought to reduce the meaning of probability in physics to that of relative frequency .
Thus , eg. , we never find a container of gas in normal circumstances ( equilibrium ) with all of its molecules on the right hand side .
Now , suppose we could prove this from the principles of mechanics - that a dynamical system with a huge number of particles almost never gets into a state with all its particles on one side .
Then , to say that such an event has a vanishing probability would simply mean ( and not only imply ) that it is very rare .
I shall explain Boltzmann ’s program and assumptions in some detail , and why , in spite of its intuitive appeal , it ultimately fails .
We shall also discuss why quantum mechanics with its “ built in ” concept of probability does not help much , and review some alternatives , as time permits .
For more information about Itamar Pitowsky , visit his web site .
See his presentation slides .
Additional resources for this talk : video .
( Here is the original link to the PIPS lecture )
My post entitled Amazing possibilities about various fundamental limitations stated by many great minds that turned out to be wrong , was largely based on examples provided by Itamar .
The Irish government has demanded that Slovakia explain how an unsuspecting airline passenger was allowed to carry high - grade explosives on a flight to Dublin in an apparently botched security exercise .
Slovakian agents randomly planted powerful RDX explosives in the 49 - year - old electrician 's bag but took three days to warn Irish authorities they were undetected .
Irish police traced the man to an apartment in Dorset St in Dublin city centre .
He was arrested but has since been released from custody .
Security sources said the explosive was one of eight items of planted by the Slovakian authorities in the luggage of unsuspecting passengers at Poprad - Tatry airport at the weekend as part of a test exercise .
Seven items were reportedly detected , but the eighth , RDX explosive , went through in the bag of the innocent electrician .
The Slovakian government has apologised for the incident and a full investigation is underway .
A statement from the Republic 's Department of Justice said that Slovakian authorities had tipped off airport police to the presence of the explosives .
" Following contact earlier today from the Slovakian authorities with the Airport Police at Dublin Airport , members of the Garda Síochána have recovered a small quantity of explosive material from the luggage of a passenger who had flown into Dublin from that country on Saturday last , " the statement said .
" It has since been established that this material was concealed without his knowledge or consent in the passenger 's luggage as part of an airport security exercise by the authorities in Slovakia .
" The Slovakian Minister for the Interior has conveyed to Justice Minister Dermot Ahern his Government 's profound regret for this incident . "
The Republic 's main opposition party , Fine Gael , has demanded an investigation into how the explosives had not been detected
Fine Gael Senator , Paschal Donohoe , described the discovery as " bizarre and extremely worrying " .
Senator Donohoe called for explanations from the government on the incident .
" This is the latest in a string of explosives discoveries in central Dublin which is extremely worrying in itself .
The explosives find today is a particularly bizarre case with the explosive substance apparently brought into this country as part of a foreign test exercise .
“ The government must now explain how it got into this country , what it was doing here and why the proper authorities were not alerted in advance , if this was an official test exercise .
We also need to know what steps are being taken to ensure that this does n’t happen again .
“ I would like to acknowledge and commend the work of the Gardaí in ensuring the safety of the residents and workers in the area . ”
Belfast Telegraph
Republicans , who have long fought restoring felons as citizens who can vote , are now embroiled in a felon scandal of their own .
On Sunday , the Dallas Morning News revealed that GOP Gov. Rick Perry had signed up ex-felons as part of a Republican get - out - the - vote effort in Texas .
Perry ’s campaign was unshaken by the report .
“ People in life make mistakes , ” said Perry spokesman Mark Miner .
“ It does n’t mean they ca n’t get a second chance and work hard .
That ’s what these people are doing .
They are out there trying to change their lives and make a difference . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It ’s working well , ” Miner added .
“ We have a lot of people out there working hard on behalf of the governor .
We ’ve always said that this is going to be the largest grass - roots organization this state has ever seen . ”
Among those on Perry ’s rolls ?
Gema Gonzalez of El Paso was convicted in 2004 of felony possession of between 5 and 50 pounds of marijuana , public records show .
Gonzalez also has a misdemeanor assault charge on her record .
She earned $ 13,440 to recruit voters over the last six months .
Reached by phone , Gonzalez said : “ I ca n’t make a comment about it , but I have a number in Austin for you to call if you ’d like . ”
Britany Wiggins of Abilene , charged with drunken driving in 2004 and sentenced to a year of probation , was paid $ 3,240 for her grass - roots work .
On Facebook , she lists herself as an Obama fan .
She could not be reached for comment .
And Joshua Furrh of Fort Worth , convicted of possession of a controlled substance and sentence to three years probation in 2007 , was paid $ 480 by the Perry campaign .
“ He ’s going to make a great governor , again , ” Furrh said .
Republican pundits have long bemoaned felon voting rights , arguing that those who have maligned society ’s mores should also lose their right to vote .
In 2005 , conservative pundit Michelle Malkin argued that felons may have put Democratic governor Christine Gregoire over the top in the Washington state gubernatorial race .
“ Bottom line : if felons had been prohibited from voting last fall , as the law requires , Rossi almost certainly would be governor today , ” Malkin wrote .
An “ exhaustive ” Seattle Times review ultimately disproved the claim .
ADVERTISEMENT
But in the same blog post , Malkin cited an editorial by a conservative editorialist claiming that felons were disproportionately Democratic voters .
“ In 2000 an estimated 10,000 felons voted illegally in Florida .
Where their voter registration was checked , 85 percent of these convicted felons were registered as Democrats . ”
So claimed the conservative writer Lowell Ponte in 2004 , without citing facts .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Ask yourself : how would our politics change if felons everywhere regained the vote ? ” the Front Page magazine author continued .
“ What would it mean if your lawmakers pandered and accommodated his policies to win the lawbreaker vote – the way former Massachusetts Governor Michael Dukakis ( and doubtless his former Lt. Governor John F. Kerry ) campaigned inside prisons , where thousands of inmates are also voters .
Do you want your vote cancelled out by the Leftist vote of a felon who has been gerrymandered into your voter list ? ”
“ If you debate such an advocate , you will hear the argument that felons freed from prisons on parole or after serving their term ‘ have paid their debt to society and deserve to have their rights restored , ' ” he added .
“ Ask the Leftist making this argument if he likewise favors restoring the Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms that is now denied convicted felons in most states .
You will be told : ‘ Oh , no , that ’s different .
We ca n’t have a person with a history of violence or criminal behavior allowed to buy a gun ! ’
( This liberal , of course , also wants to outlaw your right to buy a gun . ) ”
Finally : “ Pain Ray ” Installed On Air Force Gunships
The dream of peaceniks and warnicks alike for years has been the “ Pain Ray , ” a device that inflicts excruciating temporary pain on a target without killing them .
The US Air Force has found a way to slap these bad boys on a 100 - ft long AC - 130 cargo aircraft .
They ’re called “ gyrotrons , ” and from the sounds of them , they ’re very painful .
They ’d be ideal for special ops missions like recovering a downed aircraft and stunning anyone who might be approaching with some searing hot pain .
Why would such a device be seen as favorable to anyone but a supervillian ?
Well , because right now the only way to neutralize a target at a distance is to kill them .
Say a suspicious man is approaching your forward operating post .
You yell at him to back off , but he still keeps coming .
Is he a lost farmer or a suicide bomber ?
Do you kill him or approach him , knowing he could kill you ?
What to do ?
The Pain Ray fixes this – now , you just blast him with an excruciating blast of searing hot pain , knock him out and search him for weapons .
Will he be happy about this ?
No , but he ’ll be alive , which is a win for everybody .
Developers come up with creative disclaimer to bypass rape game ban
After the Western world caught wind of Japanese rape games -- thanks to someone who posted a RapeLay item on Amazon -- Japan completely banned rape sims .
As any gamer can tell you , however , there are always ways around such rules .
A certain hentai game called Shinobiryuu , released just last week , comes with a rather creative disclaimer for its rape scenes .
Perhaps inspired by live action porn , the developers included a declaration in the beginning stating that the game 's characters are all specially trained and are only acting out rape scenes , not actually being raped .
This is a declaration made with the consensus of all the characters that appear in this story .
All the characters appearing in this game have gone through special training and all actions carried out are done on the basis of mutual agreement .
Even if you ’re a inhuman person who believes that fictional characters in creative works do not have human rights , please do not ignore this .
We also thank all the kind people who see a character in the story saying phrases such as “ help me ” and take it as a real call for help .
However , even though you are worrying for the characters in the story , these are all lines spoken from a script .
They are not saying all this from the bottom of their hearts .
We are sorry that they have put in so much effort into their acting that some people will confuse it as something that is really happening .
This game is a fictional story .
Story is fictional , characters are only acting -- lawsuit averted !
Seems the makers have a sense of humor too , because in addition to the disclaimer , a couple of ninja ladies have an amusing conversation regarding their " rights " as characters in a game involving rape .
Enjoy :
by Michael Brendan Dougherty
Dear Conservative Movement ,
That was crazy in Massachusetts !
Right ?
I mean , it was like two months ago that liberals were all up in our faces .
They said , “ NY - 23 !
We beat that Doug Hoffman , teabaggers ! ” Yeah .
They beat a third - party candidate .
And then Ted Kennedy ’s still - warm seat was just handed to us .
They can console themselves with a congressional district , while we strangle the most important liberal reform since the Johnson administration .
So , yeah .
We ’re supposed to be happy .
I know we ’re all talking about the glory days of 1994 , or 1984 .
I ’m sure there is some mid-level staffer at National Review , trying to conjure the tears of Barry Goldwater on behalf of Scott Brown .
But in case you ’ve forgotten , even by your own standards , you ’re kind of in terrible shape .
First , you ’re obsessed with yourself .
You try everything in the culture - The Incredibles , Wal - Mart , Crocs - and you ask : Is it conservative ?
This makes us look like creep socialists from the 1930s , debating endlessly about whether something is sufficiently proletariat .
Were n’t we supposed to defend truth , beauty , and goodness ( like St. Thomas Aquinas ? )
You ask us to measure Bill Watterson , Bill Cosby and Bill Clinton by one measure : conservative / not conservative .
You go so far as to encourage people to fabricate their entire identity from the Republican platform .
Look at S.E. Cupp .
She used to be a person !
Now , under your influence , she is one of the lamer Rush Limbaugh monologues from the Clinton era .
She ’s a copy of a copy of Xerox of a rejected P.J. O’Rourke riff .
How can you live with yourself , conservative movement ?
You may not know this .
But all the smartest people on the Right are basically ashamed to be associated with you .
Your “ success ” in building a set of near - permanent institutions , think - tanks , and magazines to promote your ideals in an uncontaminated environment leaves us with two choices :
1 ) Sell out to the movement .
That is , we may occupy ourselves by explaining that whatever the GOP is promoting - whether it be torture , pre-emptive war , Mutually Assured Destruction , or supply - side economics - is an enduring Western value .
If John Boehner is doing it , we ’re supposed to figure out why Edmund Burke would support it .
Or :
2 ) Sell out the movement .
That is , pitch our articles to liberal audiences .
Trash the movement ( like I ’m doing ) , and trade our actual conservative convictions for the ephemeral respect of our peers .
If one of us tries to walk a fine line between these two , we ’ll be accused of either disloyalty by the hacks or of hackery by the principled and aloof .
One way merits a secure gig in the movement ’s intellectual ghetto .
The other may win a few of us a higher status but a more insecure job at a respected outlet .
This situation makes actual arguments difficult , since everyone assumes we are simply enacting long - term branding strategies , rather than stating our views honestly .
You ’ve made it impossible for us to have a conversation .
Because you ’ve made yourself a prostitute for the GOP , a cynical and corrupt organization since Reconstruction , all of your young geniuses are tainted .
People do n’t respect their ideas , because they ca n’t assume they are genuinely held , rather than cynical ploys to keep Joe Palinsupporter in line .
And so , young conservatives hate themselves .
They live in fear that if they do state their actual views , they ’ll be forbidden from any meaningful work in the future outside the movement .
The reason Ross Douthat wo n’t share his views on gay marriage in detail is simple .
He knows gay marriage opponents will be portrayed as the Bull Connors of the near - future .
And he wants to keep writing film criticism and noodling theology for educated readers .
How many times did William F. Buckley have his tepid , once - moderate sounding defense of segregation quoted to him ?
A million times .
By liberals , and paleo - conservative racists both .
But Buckley was indestructible .
Douthat and the rest of us are n’t .
We know that for the foreseeable future , liberals have the whip - hand in forming the “ prevailing structure of taboos . ”
Which brings me to the last point .
You ’re a failure , and your ambitions are so limited , it makes me cold .
The prelapsarian conservatives of the 30s opposed foreign adventurism and naive Wilsonian internationalism .
They wanted to shrink the size of the federal government .
In over 70 years , despite massive public spasms of disgust with the federal government , conservatives have only made it larger and stupider .
Let ’s list how !
Eisenhower ’s Cold War mobilization , Nixon ’s wage and price controls and the EPA , Reagan ’s massive expansion of military spending , financed by tax cuts that were sold to the public as “ revenue generating . ”
The process culminated in the hilariously fascist sounding , grant - writing chop shop known as the Department of Homeland Security .
So : failure .
Do n’t get me started on foreign policy .
There we were always at odds .
I was a kind of isolationist .
Your two unwinnable wars did little to dissuade me on that point .
But then this free market stuff .
Live within your means .
Fend for yourself .
Be responsible .
I believed that .
But the people you elected did n’t .
Bankers , GE , Archers Daniels Midland , military contractors , really all sorts of speculators - they deserved wealth transfers , cheap credit , debt cancellation .
These are your welfare queens , conservative movement .
Do you know how bad this makes us look , after having attacked poor people and minorities as free - riders ?
Anyway , perhaps most grandly , you ’ve tried to preserve Christian civilization , in decline since the 60s , or the 20s , or the French Revolution , or since William of Ockham , if you ask Richard Weaver .
Though a minority of us still read and adhere to some hearty theology , Dutch Calvinism , Tractarianism or Latin- Mass Catholicism , you ’ve abandoned your charges and America to Jesus - is - my - Boyfriend style mega- churches .
If the choice is between listening to the wisdom of Kirk Cameron and singing Jars of Clay songs and pledging our virginity versus going to college , reading Kant and fornicating ?
I can tell you , categorically , we ’ll be going at it like heathens and Democrats .
But perversely , you seem to thrive on this sort of failure .
You ’ve always accused liberals of creating social ills with government programs , immediately followed by proposing government programs for said social ills .
The same is true of you .
The more anxiety we have about family breakdown , the more we donate to the Heritage Foundation .
Because the cure for deracinated social atomism is obviously a white paper .
The only thing you ’re really good at is preserving the conservative movement .
And that project bored me to tears .
I will admit it .
There was something I found seductive about you .
If someone wants to shout “ Abortion is disgusting ” ( it is ) or “ Taxes suck ” ( they do ) or “ Let ’s defend America First ! ” ( always ) , they can find a place to do it in the conservative movement .
If they are presentable enough to date women , within two years or so , they ’ll be writing for conservative magazines , appearing on conservative podcasts , maybe even hanging out with elected officials .
It begins with one unshakable intellectual conviction in college , like “ Entrepreneurs are awesome ! ” ( a little Randian for me ) , or “ modernity is chaos ” - and suddenly someone is a part of a movement staffed with other bright , young , idealistic conservatives who think , drink and talk like they do .
Privately , they even complain about you , like I do .
But it does n’t take long for the nausea to set in .
You start teaching us to embrace an inferiority complex , one that makes us feel like rebels , while making us more dependent your largesse .
You ’ve tried to sweet - talk me - to convince me that a Kenyan socialist is sleeping in the same bedroom once occupied by Saint Ronnie , the divorced patron saint of union - busting .
But , we ’re done .
I tried to “ improve you , ” from my associate editor perch at a dissenting conservative magazine .
Now ?
I wish you would go away .
You ’re an obstacle , taking every civic impulse of your audience and turning it into rotten populism .
You turn every bit of goodwill and honest anxiety into a sleazy direct - mail fundraiser .
Some of us want to actually conserve what is good about this country .
Some of us want to write fiction that has nothing to do with “ conservatism , ” as you call it .
Some of us just ca n’t swallow our embarrassment anymore .
Regards ,
Michael
P.S. Scott Brown is what you used to call a “ squish . ”
So , you ’re settling too .
Michael Brendan Dougherty is ( still ) a contributing editor to The American Conservative .
As of this writing S.E. Cupp was one of his Facebook friends .
By Frank Gardner
BBC Security Correspondent
The CIA believed the bomber had vital information on al - Qaeda
The revelation that the man who blew up himself , four CIA officers , three security guards and a Jordanian intelligence officer in Khost , Afghanistan , was a double agent is embarrassing for both the US and Jordan .
For Washington , it risks making a mockery of the CIA 's attempts to track down and infiltrate the intimate circle of al - Qaeda 's leadership .
One can only imagine how much false intelligence this al - Qaeda double agent had been feeding his handlers , before he killed them .
For Jordan , this is a clandestine relationship it would much prefer to have kept secret .
The idea that Jordanian intelligence officers are working hand - in - glove with the CIA will be deeply resented by many in Jordan .
Fearsome reputation Jordan 's intelligence service , the General Intelligence Directorate ( GID ) , has a fearsome reputation in the Arab world .
Rivalling Egypt 's agency in its ability to uncover Islamist extremist networks , it has also been accused of human rights abuses and of colluding with the CIA 's programme of extraordinary rendition of al - Qaeda suspects .
The GID failed to prevent al - Qaeda in Iraq 's bombings of Jordanian hotels in Amman that killed 60 people in 2005 .
The CIA will now have to go through the depressing exercise of re-evaluating everything their supposed mole had told them
But the following year it was patient , painstaking work by Jordanian human intelligence that led the Americans to their most wanted target in Iraq .
In June 2006 , US special forces operating near the Iraqi town of Baquba were able to direct an airstrike that killed Abu Musab al - Zarqawi , the al - Qaeda leader in Iraq who had come close to triggering a sectarian war between Iraq 's Shia and Sunni Muslims .
But now , following the disastrous blow to the CIA 's intelligence gathering delivered by the Jordanian suicide bomber in Afghanistan on 30 December , US intelligence officials will likely be taking a close look at their intelligence - sharing with Jordan .
Expertise lost
It appears that the bomber was , after all , an al - Qaeda " triple agent " who had supposedly been turned against extremism by Jordanian intelligence while in prison , recruited to spy on al - Qaeda , sent to the Afghan - Pakistan border region to try to get close to al - Qaeda 's leadership , but who all the while had never abandoned his jihadi affiliations .
CIA DEATHS : 1965-2009 2009 : Seven killed in suicide attack on their base in Afghanistan 2003 : Two CIA contractors die in Shkin , Afghanistan ; CIA officer killed during training exercise in Afghanistan 2001 : Officer shot during prison uprising in Afghanistan 1993 : Two CIA employees killed at the agency 's Virginia headquarters 1989 : Six CIA employees die when a plane carrying military equipment from DR Congo to Angola crashes 1985 : CIA Beirut station chief killed after having been kidnapped and tortured 1983 : Eight CIA employees killed in the US embassy bombing in Beirut 1965 : Seven CIA employees die , most of them in Vietnam Source : Washington Post
Mystery of CIA bomber 's identity Named as Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al - Balawi , the Jordanian physician apparently completely fooled his Jordanian handler , named as Capt Sharif Ali Bin Zaid .
He convinced both him and the CIA that he had urgent information to pass on , so a mini-summit of intelligence officers was convened on Forward Operating Base Chapman in Khost to hear what he had to say .
Since Jordanian intelligence had vouched for him , the bomber was never properly searched and , early in his bogus " briefing " , he detonated the explosives on his body .
For the CIA , this is a blow on many levels .
It has lost some of its most valued officers with expertise at the sharp end , it will now have to go through the depressing exercise of re-evaluating everything their supposed mole had told them , on the basis that it is probably false .
It will have to assume that everything the assassin had been told and taught by his handlers - methods , codes , aliases - will all have been passed to al - Qaeda , who will take a keen interest in such information .
And above all , it shows that far from the growing complacency mouthed by Western government officials - that al - Qaeda was on the run after CIA drone strikes killed 15 senior al - Qaeda leaders and one Taliban leader in Pakistan 's tribal belt since January 2008 - the fugitive organisation and its followers are , in fact , capable of striking back hard where it hurts .
FOB Chapman operates from Khost Airfield 32 km from Pakistan border
Former Soviet base is reportedly used for launching US drones
Airfield extended to allow C - 130 transporter planes to land
Named after Nathan Chapman , first US soldier killed in Afghanistan in 2002
Enlarge Image
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Built like a bird ( Image : Robert Blanchard / iStock )
Birds , crocodiles and dinosaurs have much in common – including , it turns out , their breath .
The hyper - efficient breathing system of birds is shared with alligators , and probably evolved in archosaurs , the common ancestor of crocodilians , birds and dinosaurs .
The researchers who have discovered the system in alligators believe it may have given dinosaurs the competitive edge over the ancestors of mammals following the mass extinction at the end of the Permian period , 250 million years ago .
Thanks to one - way airflow , birds are far more efficient breathers than mammals .
When they breathe in , air does not go directly into the lungs .
Instead , it enters the air sacs , where it is stored briefly before passing into the lungs at the next inhalation .
In this way , air enters and exits a bird ’s lungs at different points – in via the air sacs , out via the windpipe – allowing them to maintain near - constant , one - way airflow through their lungs and extract up to two - and - a - half times as much oxygen per breath as a mammal .
Advertisement
Previous research has suggested that one - way air flow is unique to birds and evolved specifically to allow them to make oxygen - demanding flights .
It was also thought that the bellows - like air sacs were critical for pumping air one way .
Those conclusions have been toppled by the new study , in which devices to measure airflow were surgically implanted into the lungs of live alligators .
Gators flayed
Colleen Farmer of the University of Utah in Salt Lake City also placed the flow meters into the dissected lungs of four dead alligators , which the team then filled with air using a giant syringe .
What they found was that alligator lungs function very much like birds ’ .
Alligators do n’t have air sacs like birds , but the researchers think an unusual airway that sits on either side of the alligator trachea may do the same job .
Per Ahlberg of Uppsala University in Sweden agrees that the efficient breathing system probably evolved in a common archosaur ancestor of crocodilians , birds and dinosaurs .
“ Swift , long - legged animals that might have relied on the rich oxygen supply provided by a one - way airflow were abundant in the early lineages of these groups , ” he says .
Farmer goes one step further and argues that the system would have allowed archosaurs to outcompete synapsids – the ancestors of mammals – following the end -Permian mass extinction .
“ Oxygen levels were really low during the early Triassic [ after the Permian ] , so the evolution of unidirectional airflow , which boosts oxygen delivery to muscles , may have made archosaurs more capable of vigorous exercise than synapsids , ” she says .
Journal reference : Science , DOI : 10.1126/science.1180219
But they will not accept any outside monitors to ensure that they are indeed making the changes that they have promised to reduce the amount of carbon dioxide and other pollutants emitted per unit of economic output .
Chinese negotiators have said little during formal negotiation sessions here , where they have been working in partnership with the developing countries .
They have made clear that they do not expect money from the industrial powers to help make the shift to a more energy - efficient economy .
" I think there 's no doubt that China , when it says 40 to 45 percent reduction in energy intensity , is serious about that , " said Ed Miliband , the British secretary of state for energy and climate change .
The more challenging hurdle , he said , is finding a way that China can prove to the outside world that it is reducing its emissions by the amount it claims .
He Yafei , the Chinese vice foreign minister , said China 's laws would guarantee compliance .
" This is a matter of principle , " even if it scuttles the talks , he said in an interview with The Financial Times .
It would be political suicide for Obama to return from Copenhagen with an unverifiable agreement .
And it is amusing to note that China 's " laws " also guarantee freedoms for the people that are honored in the breach - if at all .
So much for trusting the Communists adherence to their own laws .
In short , it appears that the delegates hardly need a scandal that calls into question the very concept of what they are negotiating to prevent when they can't even decide how much they want to screw western consumers of energy .
But do n't worry .
No doubt we will hear of Obama 's magical presence acting as a soothing balm on the delegates while they agree to an " historic " accord on climate change .
News in Science
Poison - taster ants protect the colony
Researchers have discovered that ants marching into our homes seeking food use a simple strategy to reduce the impact of being poisoned .
According to the study , ants have evolved three successful ways to combat both poisonings and famine , including sacrificing some ants as poison tasters .
The findings , accepted for publication in the journal Animal Behavior , may apply to humans - and not just those with ant invasions - because they show how food can be distributed quickly after a famine , while also guarding against sickness , or even death .
Ants " have evolved to great ecological success over millions of years and hence are likely to have found a solution , " says lead author Dr Ana Sendova - Franks .
She says it's also " relatively easy to study experimentally the link between two levels of organisation : the individual and the system . "
Sendova -Franks , an associate professor of biometry and animal behaviour at the University of the West of England , and her team collected four Temnothorax albipennis colonies in Dorset and housed them in artificial nests .
The researchers did not give the ants food or water for 48 hours , which is actually a mild deprivation representing " the normal level of hunger of ant colonies in the field , " says Sendova - Franks .
Living silos
Some colonies can survive up to eight months of starvation .
Before and after providing food on the third day , the scientists tracked each individual worker ant .
During famine , some worker ants that normally were active outside of the colony stayed put , retaining food and getting new food from foragers .
When other ants then needed a boost , the stay - at - home ants shared their food using mouth - to - mouth regurgitation .
These " living silos are a completely new discovery , " according to Sendova - Franks .
She says " they could act as both testers for food toxicity and also as food storers . "
These " living silos " tended to be older ants , with younger brood workers kept more out of harm 's way .
But those ants were n't the colonies ' only defense .
Although 95 % of workers were fed at least once within 30 minutes of the famine 's end , the system of food distribution meant that food was mixed and diluted , again reducing the threat of poisoning .
Since the new food and its distribution were located mostly outside of the colony 's centre , the queen , larvae and brood workers can enjoy relative safety , perhaps being fed by the surviving " living silos . "
Sendova - Franks says that some species , such as Australia 's honeypot ants , even have workers that gorge themselves with sugar and remain inert , providing a kind of ( regurgitated ) candy in the pantry during lean times .
Poisons set out by humans are n't the only threat .
Ants encounter natural toxins too , from new food sources to foods that ferment , so the ant 's defensive tactics likely evolved long before the emergence of modern insect repellents .
Network theory
Biologist Anna Dornhaus of the University of Arizona says " this is a ground - breaking study in that it is one of the first to realise the promise of network theory by using this new field and applying it to a thorough dataset - food sharing interactions in ants . "
Dornhaus says , " It is interesting to see that interactions between ants are not random , the network is structured , and that through this network food can be distributed so extremely quickly when needed . "
Sendova - Franks says she and her team " are motivated by our fascination with ants , " some of which can live to be six years old .
She hopes future research will allow people , including irate homeowners , to find " ways of dissuading ant colonies from doing what we do not want them to do , " instead of pulling out the poison .
James spends most of his free time using social media and loves to teach others about design , web development , CSS , SEO , and social media .
He is addicted to Wordpress , social media , and technology .
You can reach him on his , personal website , Do not forget to follow him on Twitter @element321
It 's official : I can't use normal cellphones anymore .
Clunky user interfaces , arbitrary conventions , learning curve ...
They should all die .
Advertisement
The Gadget : Sony Ericsson W995a , an unlocked Wi-Fi and A2DP - enabled 3G cellphone that puts together a 8.1 - megapixel camera — with geo-tagging capabilities , face detection , flash , autofocus , and dedicated buttons — and a Walkman .
The Price : $ 600
The Verdict :
The W995a is well built , feels solid .
I mean , there 's nothing particularly wrong with it except for the keyboard , which seems flimsy and prone to inaccurate typing .
It has a beautiful screen .
The media reproduction capabilities are OK .
You can use physical buttons to play , pause , go forward , and backwards .
And they light up !
Oh the joy .
Advertisement
And then there is the camera .
I had great hopes for the 8.1 mp camera .
I wanted it to be great , but I just ended up with higher resolution versions of the same photos I get with my other phone ...
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
OK .
I 'm sorry .
I can't do this .
The real story is that the W995a is basically the same cellphone as the first cellphone I 've ever used and loved dearly : My trusty Sony Ericsson T68i .
That thing and I had history , and I loved it .
I loved the same matrix menu , the same convoluted user interface that makes you go through a hundred screens before reaching the place you want , and I even loved the predictive keyboard — which actually really did n't work well , but whatever .
Advertisement
That was in 2002 .
I do n't mean to pick on the Sony Ericsson here , which is probably one of the best dumbphones of its kind , a totally acceptable high end specimen .
No , I 'm talking about the entire damn category of super expensive phones that do nothing special compared to the phones we had a decade ago .
Advertisement
I went through other dumb cellphones after that , all the same , from Nokia , from Motorola , LG , Samsung ... all these dumb cellphones have the same clunky interfaces , the same bad media handling , the same bad internet access .
There were " smartphones " then too .
But they were n't that smart .
I had a BlackBerry , for example , that was just a glorified cellphone with a wheel and nicer mail than the rest , which did n't have mail at all .
Sony and Nokia also had " smartphones . "
They were so happy .
Fast forward to 2007 .
With the cellphone market already saturated with hundreds of combinations of dumbphones , Apple released the iPhone .
Nokia dismissed it .
Motorola too .
( Motowho ? )
So did RIM and the rest .
These " newbies " from Cupertino did n't understand the cellphone business — how could they introduce a phone ?
The market thought otherwise and the iPhone stole the show .
People saw simplicity wrapped in good design , and even though not everybody bought it , everybody realized all of a sudden that cellphones do n't have to be clunky machines full of buttons and neverending arbitrary menus .
Advertisement
The iPhone redefined the game and people instinctively knew that , and the smartest companies followed suit .
Next came Android and Palm Pre and the not - yet - released Windows Mobile 7 , versions of the same basic idea : Smartphones are not about piling on the crap .
Smartphones really are simplerphones which , because of that , actually can do more than dumbphones .
T- Mobile G1 Google Android Phone Review
There is a lot riding on the shoulders of T - Mobile 's G1 Android phone .
In some ways , it carries the Read more
Advertisement
The Real Verdict — About All Dumbphones :
So my final question is :
How can companies keep releasing more or less the same dumbphones from 2002 in 2009 ?
I do n't have a clue .
There are 4 billion cellphones in the planet and only 10 % are smartphones .
That figure is rising quickly and will only accelerate as Android takes off , Pre launches , RIM tries to make a smarter BlackBerry , and Apple keeps with its plan to dominate the world with the iPhone family of products .
It 's no coincidence that Nokia — the largest set maker in the world — has gone from earning billions to trying to survive .
It 's also no coincidence that Nokia 's head honcho names Apple , Microsoft and RIM as his chief competitors , and not LG , Samsung or least of all Motorola .
Advertisement
Some will say that there should be cellphones for everyone .
True .
Cheap dumb cellphones for $ 10 a pop are great .
But this thing costs $ 600 .
Other similar phones from other companies cost about the same without a contract .
In 2009 , I can't find any excuse to buy something like this .
Click to viewDumb cellphones — like the W995a — are like the coolest , fastest typewriters in an age of word processors .
Advertisement
And they should all die .
By Paisley Dodds , AP
Tuesday , February 23 , 2010
Voodooists attacked at ceremony for Haiti victims
PORT -AU - PRINCE , Haiti —
Angry crowds in a seaside slum attacked a group of Voodoo practitioners Tuesday , pelting them with rocks and halting a ceremony meant to honor victims of last month ’s deadly earthquake .
Voodooists gathered in Cite Soleil where thousands of quake survivors live in tents and depend on food aid .
Praying and singing , the group was trying to conjure spirits to guide lost souls when a crowd of Evangelicals started shouting .
Some threw rocks while others urinated on Voodoo symbols .
When police left , the crowd destroyed the altars and Voodoo offerings of food and rum .
“ We were here preparing for prayer when these others came and took over , ” said Sante Joseph , an Evangelical worshipper in Cite Soleil , near the capital ’s port , who joined the angry crowd in a concrete outdoor civic center .
Tensions have been running high since the Jan. 12 earthquake killed an estimated 200,000 people and left more than 1 million homeless .
More than 150 machete - wielding men attacked a World Food Program convoy Monday on the road between Haiti ’s second - largest city of Cap - Haitien and Port - au - Prince .
There were no injuries but Chilean peacekeepers could not prevent the men from stealing the food , UN spokesman Michel Bonnardeaux said .
Religious tension has also increased : Baptists , Catholics , Jehovah ’s Witnesses , Scientologists , Mormons and other missionaries have flocked to Haiti in droves since the earthquake to feed the homeless , treat the injured and jockey for souls .
Some Voodoo practitioners have said they ’ve converted to Christianity for fear they will lose out on aid or a belief that the earthquake was a warning from God .
“ Much of this has to do with the aid coming in , ” said Max Beauvoir , a Voodoo priest and head of a Voodoo association .
“ Many missionaries oppose Voodoo .
I hope this does not start a war of religions because many of our practitioners are being harassed now unlike any other time that I remember . ”
Voodoo , or Vodou as preferred by Haitians , evolved in the 17th century when the French brought slaves to Haiti from West Africa .
Slaves forced to practice Catholicism remained loyal to their African spirits in secret by adopting Catholic saints to coincide with African spirits , and today many Haitians consider themselves followers of both religions .
Voodoo ’s followers believe in reincarnation , one God and a pantheon of spirits .
Voodoo leaders say that although they do not believe in evil spirits , some followers pray for the spirits to do evil .
“ There ’s absolutely a heightened spiritual conflict between Christianity and Voodoo since the quake , ” said Pastor Frank Amedia of the Miami - based Touch Heaven Ministries who has been distributing food in Haiti and proselytizing .
“ We would give food to the needy in the short term but if they refused to give up Voodoo , I ’m not sure we would continue to support them in the long term because we would n’t want to perpetuate that practice .
We equate it with witchcraft , which is contrary to the Gospel . ”
A magnitude - 4.7 quake , meanwhile , rattled the capital at 1:26 a.m. ( 0626 GMT ) Tuesday , followed by a smaller aftershock whose magnitude was still unknown , said Eric Calais , a geophysicist from Purdue University who is studying seismic activity in Haiti .
A magnitude - 4.7 aftershock struck Monday , followed by two other small tremors .
Both Tuesday ’s quake and Monday ’s aftershock struck near the epicenter of the Jan. 12 quake .
The U.S. Geological Survey in Colorado usually detects Haitian quakes of magnitude 4 and above , but smaller tremors often are not detected due to a lack of seismometers in Haiti .
Some walls that had toppled in last month ’s quake spilled onto the street Tuesday and damaged telephone polls split in half .
There were no reports of injuries .
“ It feels like the Earth is shaking all the time since last month , ” said Ermithe Josephe , 48 , who is still sleeping outside in a tent next to her crumpled house .
“ We ca n’t sleep with all of these aftershocks and we ’re too afraid to go to work sometimes . ”
Last month ’s earthquake occurred along the east - west Enriquillo Fault , where two pieces of the Earth ’s crust slide by each other in opposite directions .
The USGS said Tuesday there is between a 5 percent and 15 percent probability that another magnitude - 7 quake would occur on the Enriquillo in the next 50 years .
Victorian small businesses are divided when asked about how the State Government has handled the Covid - 19 response .
The survey , conducted over the past three days by data insights platform Glow on behalf of Sensis and involving 400 small to medium business owners , found 22 % said the Government ’s handling was very bad and 20 % said it was very good .
More than one in four ( 29 % ) said its performance was Good , 15 % neither good or bad and 14 % said it was bad .
Read more .....
China ’s Tightening Is a Good Thing
China sees a bubble ahead and is trying to avoid it – is that such a bad thing ?
Is n’t this what we expect Ben Bernanke and the Federal Reserve to do here at home – take clear and decisive action to drain off excess liquidity in the economy before inflation takes hold ?
The People ’s Bank of China did just that after it saw that 1.4 trillion yuan ( $ 204 billion ) worth of bank loans were issued in January , more than the total loaned in the three previous months combined .
For all of 2010 , the target loan amount is 7.5 trillion yuan , so it ’s easy to see why the government might want to slow the pace a bit .
Forbes ’ online headline was “ China Tightens the Screws , ” but let ’s have a little perspective .
Barclays Capital predicts that the 0.5 percent increase in bank reserve rates ( from 16.5 percent of deposits to 17 percent ) will remove 300 billion yuan from the Chinese economy .
That ’s only 20 percent or so of the amount loaned in January .
And it ’s not like cash is going to dry up – the People ’s Bank plans to increase the nation ’s M2 money supply by 17 percent this year .
January ’s M1 money supply report showed a 39 percent increase ( chart above ) .
Not exactly a screw - tightening .
China ’s CPI rose 1.5 percent in January , which is not extreme , and the chart above from BCA Research shows that real estate prices in terms of per-capita income had not entered a bubble phase as of year - end .
But perhaps the more telling number was wholesale prices – up 4.3 percent year over year and more than double the increase seen in December .
This signals that higher inflation at the consumer level could be around the corner .
Markets are taking a hit based on this news – this shows how important China has become to the world economy .
It surpassed Germany as the top exporting country by value at $ 1.2 trillion , and in January its exports were up 20 percent compared to a year earlier .
Even better , its imports were up 85 percent year over year .
What we may actually have is a classic bull market in the making – one that climbs the proverbial wall of worry , which suggests that investors buy on corrections .
The table below shows the standard deviation ( sigma ) over 10 years for the main stock markets in mainland China and Hong Kong .
The weekly sigma for the Shanghai A - share market is plus or minus 5 percent , while its normal quarterly swings can be nearly 25 percent up or down .
It ’s nearly impossible to pick exact tops and bottoms – adding to core positions after any correction greater than one sigma is a safer and more prudent way to invest .
Beijing is tending to its economy so it performs over the long term .
This is central to its goal of social stability through economic prosperity , and it seems to be working – millions of households join China ’s middle class every year .
We all know what can happen when an asset bubble grows huge and then bursts – we ’re still recovering from 2007 - 08 .
China is a long - term growth story , and how well it manages that growth will have an impact on all of us .
A little caution now should be seen as preventative maintenance , and we all know that when we ’re talking about cars or economies , that ’s a good thing .
You can visit my blog , Frank Talk , for more daily insight and commentary .
In July , I ’ll also be speaking at Agora Financial ’s Investment Symposium in Vancouver .
You can find more details here .
NASA can put humanoids on the Moon in just 1000 days .
They would be controlled by scientists on Earth using motion capture suits , giving them the feeling of being on the lunar surface .
I 'd pay to use one .
Imagine sending every scientist to the Moon
Back in the Lunar exploration days , scientists had to tell astronauts what to do up there , and how to identify interesting things during the limited time they had .
For Apollo 15 , the first mission that carried the Lunar Rover , astronauts were trained in field work by Caltech geologist Leon Silver .
Advertisement
That helped them to move faster and look at the ground with a critical science eye , knowing what they were looking for .
The result :
Their findings and samples were a lot more valuable to scientist back on Earth , confirming theories that were n't confirmed till then .
Advertisement
Now imagine these NASA C - 3POs roaming our satellite , controlled by all kind of scientists using telepresence suits down here , all looking for interesting things using high definition visors , and able to move just like they would move on planet Earth .
It wo n't work for Mars , but with a communication delay of only three seconds , it will work beautifully on the Moon .
A realistic scenario
The 1000 - day mark is quite plausible , since the mission would be a lot simpler than a human - based one .
It will also be quite cheaper than the real thing .
First , you do n't have to care about life support systems , which will make spacecraft manufacturing a lot less complex .
The whole system would also weight a lot less , reducing the need for the development of a huge rocket , and again reducing the costs .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
What about the human factor I 'm always defending ?
Well , we know that , sadly , we 're not going to get astronauts anywhere any time soon , so this is definitely the best alternative .
It wo n't be as inspiring as humans going back to the Moon or establishing a semi- permanent colony , but it could have an extremely positive effect on science .
Obama Cancels Kennedy's Dream
Once upon a time , a President thought that taking humans " to the Moon and the planets beyond " was …
Read more
Advertisement
Click to viewWhoever did this at NASA should put together an actual budget as soon as possible .
And while you are at it , make it possible for regular people to use one , maybe at the Johnson Space Center or some selected museums through the world .
That will definitely inspire people .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
In a study that helps to explain the origins of water on Earth , University of Michigan astronomers have found that water vapor can form spontaneously in habitable zones of solar systems , and that it develops into a protective layer that shields other water and organic molecules from harmful stellar radiation .
Organic molecules such as sugars and amino acids are the precursors to life .
The findings are published in the Dec. 18 edition of Science .
" When you 're close to a star , the radiation is destructive to most molecules .
But we were able to prove that water could form quickly enough to shield itself and other molecules from that radiation , " said Ted Bergin , an associate professor in the Department of Astronomy .
Bergin and Thomas Bethell , a postdoctoral astronomy researcher , conducted a computational analysis to come to this conclusion .
They determined that the series of chemical reactions necessary for water vapor to be created are only activated at temperatures higher than 300 degrees Kelvin ( which is about 80 degrees Fahrenheit . )
These temperatures are only present relatively close to a star — in the areas where terrestrial planets such as Earth would form .
Out farther , at Jupiter 's distance , the gasses are too cold for water vapor to form .
Once the water vapor starts to form , the scientists found , it forms fast enough to build a shell similar to Earth 's ozone layer , which acts like an umbrella to protect the life below it from solar radiation .
Not only does this astronomical " ozone layer " of water vapor protect other water molecules behind it , it would also shelter organic molecules .
" There 's a rich organic chemistry that precedes the birth of stars , " Bergin said .
" It 's simpler , but similar to the chemistry of life .
The behavior of water can allow that chemistry to proceed .
Without the protection water vapor provides , those organic molecules would be destroyed . "
Conceivably , some of this water and organic matter could be incorporated into nascent , Earth - like worlds .
The paper is called " Formation and Survival of Water Vapor in the Terrestrial Planet - Forming Region . "
This research is funded by NASA .
Explore further Michigan Astronomer to Search in Space for Precursors of Life
I. Purpose
I 've often thought on what separates a living thing from a machine , and one of the greatest distinctions is purpose .
A machine has a function - a specific set of tasks that it repeats in cycle without growing or evolving - whereas a living thing pursues the energy to perpetuate itself , and changes with its environment in order to maintain access to that energy .
Life moves around corners and past obstacles , like waves around rocks , but machines by themselves are an inanimate process of entropy , forever winding down until they stop altogether .
But what does purpose mean , specifically ?
It is the pursuit of a horizon rather than the undertaking of any specific task : Science ( for instance ) is a purpose , but the implementation of any given experiment , theory , or technology is just a function engaged in on behalf of that purpose .
Exploration in general is a purpose , as is population increase , economic enterprise , and any other endeavor that has no inherent limitations apart from those of the local environment .
Specific policies like conservation , efficiency , and sustainability are therefore only functions , because they are inherently limited - there are absolute maxima and minima involved - and cannot compete with the fundamental drives ( i.e. , purposes ) of life and humanity if people do not understand that they ultimately serve them in the long - run .
They need to know that bold changes along these lines in the short - term will allow for even broader and more glorious expansion over time , because this is , at its core , the biological basis of human hope .
II .
The Wall
Right now , mankind is headed straight for a wall at breakneck speed :
Not necessarily a wall of resources - life is surprisingly versatile , even from the perspective of optimists .
And not necessarily a wall of conflicts that will arise from changes in the resource environment , although that will certainly be a symptom .
But rather a wall of imagination - a ceiling to the perceived possibilities and hopes that have driven creativity since the Enlightenment .
And this wall need not be substantial in itself to be devastating , because the mere perception of limitation can make itself effectively a reality .
When people become convinced that they are limited , they stop trying to reach beyond their perceived boundaries , and may even forget that anything exists beyond them .
Instead , for the sake of their own sanity , they focus on internal distinctions and endlessly re-fight struggles they have already won , to preserve a fictitious semblance of purpose when they are simply spinning their wheels like machines .
In studying history , one of the many questions that comes up is this :
Why did only a handful of countries ever try to get involved in colonizing the Americas ?
Many individuals took it upon themselves to migrate , but only about half a dozen nations in the entire world - consisting of probably less than 10 % of the global population - put forward any kind of effort to pursue the potential of the new continents , and only about half of them did so on a consistent , large - scale basis .
Why ?
Ideology - driven political correctness would insist that everyone else was just " minding their own business , " and had no interest in displacing other peoples from foreign lands , but of course we know that is nonsense :
Wars of conquest were every bit as brutal , interminable , and constant in Asia and the Islamic world as in Europe , if not even more so for being as frequent on the local level as between great nations and empires .
Equally ridiculous would be the claim that the rest of the world was content with its own resources , since its cities and villages swarmed with poverty , and its aristocrats were as greedy as any in Europe .
So why was there virtually zero interest from these people in two huge continents of largely unoccupied , effectively virgin land ?
Where were the Chinese colonies ?
Where were the Ottoman colonies ?
Where were the Florentine or Venetian colonies ?
Why did Italian mariners like Amerigo Vespucci have to go to Spain and Portugal to do anything ?
Why did these states wallow in the same ceaseless internal disputes , clan vendettas , and petty machinations that had preoccupied them for centuries or millennia while a handful of European powers took over half the world and ignited a global revolution that is still unfolding ?
The answer is contained in an anecdote about one of the earlier official contacts between a Western ambassador and the Chinese Emperor ( though you 'll have to forgive me if the particulars escape me ) :
The ambassador delivered a precision - crafted clock to the Emperor as a gift , but the Emperor seemed unimpressed .
The ambassador was puzzled , and asked if the gift displeased the throne .
The Emperor said that he appreciated the gift , but that it could not possibly impress him , because all the wonders the Earth could provide already existed in his domains .
In other words , he had n't actually seen such a thing before , but he just assumed that not only must the technology already exist in his possession , but that it must - must - be far superior to what any foreigner could build .
The Emperor , like the entirety of Asia at the time , could not imagine something beyond what he already knew :
He could imagine no accomplishments qualitatively surpassing those of his ancestors , even when they were within his material reach .
So they did n't even try .
The Ming emperors had ships that dwarfed the galleons of the Spaniards , an able and robust maritime tradition , and enough wealth that they could have exported their civilization to both of the new continents if the will and imagination had existed .
But as things stood , the most that happened was a brief series of publicity tours to South Asia and East Africa , after which their long - distance fleet was burned and isolationist policies imposed .
The waste of it is staggering to the educated mind , and yet it happens over , and over , and over in history .
China was just the most extreme example of this " death of imagination , " this " wall " beyond which even the obvious becomes invisible , but the failure of the formerly enterprising Islamic states and Italian merchant republics would also qualify as examples .
They might not have been as relatively wealthy by the 16th and 17th centuries as they once were , but they had more than ample resources to spread their respective cultures to the New World , and regular enough dealings with the Spanish and Portuguese to obtain the know - how if they had desired it .
But ... they did n't .
They had hit the wall .
III .
As It Stands
Without a purpose , more and more of America 's spirit slams into that wall today , and instead of moving forward and evolving we just argue over the same old stupid nonsense .
New life and vitality might surge into and change our civilization by virtue of pursuing the future , but instead people increasingly believe that The Way - the one and only Way - is to sit on their asses , both mentally and physically , and rehash the same problems they were born with .
These are the people who , whenever space is mentioned , trudge out the " We have problems down here ... " trope .
No matter how often it 's debunked , they cling to it as some kind of default attitude , and indeed we can reasonably suspect it is the default when someone has no imagination , no hope , and no sense of the broader world and cosmos .
It 's a theme that does n't seem to have ever helped the state of any people who ever lived , and yet they 're utterly convinced that if we just stop aspiring to anything , our problems will be easier to resolve .
And maybe , for a time , they would be right :
If you want nothing , you can't be frustrated .
If you aspire to nothing , you can't be disappointed .
And if you risk nothing , you wo n't lose anything ... at least , nothing that you yourself chose to wager , rather than having it wagered for you by someone else who does n't care about preserving your comfortable stagnation .
The Ming decision to " focus on problems at home " did exactly what any such decision always does : Multiplied those problems , and softened up the society for external domination .
But I believe Americans are the inheritors of a precious legacy whose product has saved the world more than once :
It is the inevitable result of being forged from people who believe , either foolishly or with good reason , that there 's something better over the next hill , across the next river , across the sea , over the mountains and through the veil of mystery that guards the unknown .
It may not be true that there is , in fact , something better over the next hill , but if you keep believing it and acting on that belief , eventually you 'll get somewhere that is better - or at least more amenable to your chances of creating something better .
And if it stops being a place where your hard work is rewarded ; if society becomes too orthodox and conformist , or the Powers That Be end up holding control with too tight a fist , you just pick up and keep going .
This is the psychological origin of the Johnny Appleseed mythos , and the pioneer spirit that gave birth to it .
The possibility of starting anew is essential to the preservation of freedom , not only as a practical fact , but even as an idea that people can understand .
Even if the concept is explained intellectually , a person cannot understand freedom who believes there is nothing beyond what they already know - who cannot imagine a world that they create rather than forever bowing to what went before .
But in a world that has ceased to have frontiers , either physical or mental , people begin to believe the only way to gain for themselves is to take from others , to reiterate the known , to fight for control of what is already built - and in the process , destroy it - rather than building new things .
IV .
Legacy
We did n't create the light we carry - it was born in the Aegean , in a world of islands and peninsulas , where every direction held both wonders to entice the curious and dangers to excite the bold .
While the vast Asian steppes were laid waste again and again by one indistinguishable tribe after another ; one servile kingdom after another rising out of the dust and falling back into it ; the Greek peninsula and its array of sub-regions spawned a new world of ideas in fractal profusion .
They were protected enough by their geography not to feel overly threatened by the unknown , but accessible enough for those who wished to be in regular contact with it , and that - as Frost would say - made all the difference .
Such was the same with America , right up to 1950s and 1960s , when the population surged Westward with the Interstate highways and the growth of California .
We began with an entire continent of wonders and dangers , with only a handful of little islands of people here and there , and the bold and the curious lived in a place that constantly challenged their courage and imaginations while still holding out hope for when they decided to settle down .
That unique environment - which held out for centuries - is the reason why the United States became such a culturally and politically radical influence on the world .
Radical ideas that had floated around Europe for generations , but existed mainly in the abstract intellectual discussions of the gentry , were suddenly manifest possibilities , and the repercussions have been cascading around the globe ever since , giving new life to imaginations that had died and shaking the dusty sepulchre of obsolete ways to its foundations .
Our dreams soared to new heights , and yet our nightmares were petty and banal ; our heroes outshone Olympus , and yet our worst monsters ( until recently ) were merely the kind of people who usually ruled in the rest of the world .
This America we have now - falling apart , struggling just to handle basic problems - does n't have to be the whole story .
The England that bore our country was not a pleasant place to live - it was not the stuff of Mary Poppins , but of Mary Tudor - and it too was wracked with internal strife and ideological conflict .
It too held an empire , and it too was ultimately unable to handle the weight of the world 's problems compounded with its own .
But when it all came finally crashing down , and its destiny seemed either to live beneath the German jackboot or fight them off just long enough to learn Russian , they were saved by their children .
The creativity , productivity , and courageous spirit of the New World they had born came back to them and saved them both from the destructive avarice of degenerate Continental states and their own stagnation .
Through the energy we returned to them , and preserved for them standing watch along the Iron Curtain , they began again and built the United Kingdom that today has so many admirable attributes without coming at the expense of an oppressed foreign people .
But who will save us ?
I would n't venture the change in my pocket that anyone else would or could , nor would I want us to be saved from outside and throw away the chance for a glorious comeback if there is any choice .
We may be perceived as naive or even stupid for holding on to visions of a Space Age future despite the problems that cripple us on Earth , but those ideas are woven into the fabric of the American psyche : I believe the moment Americans have the opportunity , we will be the most distinguished and committed of all the peoples and nations who begin to grow outward into the broader environment .
I say that our creativity has not died or even gone to sleep , but simply been stored up , waiting for the time when the road to the future we have always seen in our hearts is once again open .
If America The Idea is allowed to grow and flourish , seeking out its energy Out There like all life seeks its sustenance across new lands and vistas , then America the political state that lives within these borders will thrive and change .
The descendants of those who move outward into the solar system may or may not think much of the society that sent them , but they will see enough of themselves in us to care and be our salvation .
And those who remain will see enough of what they are capable of in the heroic deeds of their far - flung relatives to know that what is possible exceeds even their wildest dreams .
V. Conclusion
We need a purpose to survive and grow , both as a nation and as a species , and luckily we already have a profound legacy upon which to build .
We set foot on the Earth 's Moon at a time when most of the world still did n't have electricity , and two generations later , that achievement has still not been equaled or surpassed .
It is something that resonates in our cultural DNA , that alludes to the past while being made from the substance of the future , and that can bring hope not only to our own people but those of all mankind .
To pursue this purpose , we would bring honor and eternal glory to our country while inspiring others rather than degrading them .
I would rather live in a run-down city in a vibrant , growing , far - flung civilization than a pristine and intricately - balanced Byzantium suitable only for ghosts and museum curators .
And , of course , living in a run- down city in a run- down civilization whose gaze is fixed on its own navel is certainly the least appealing option , but one that is the most likely alternative if we cannot find it within ourselves to keep seeking .
However far we 've fallen as a people , we still have that vital strain in our culture that understands how to create , and that pursues the horizon with a deep and mystical yearning .
But it will not be there forever if we fail to nurture it ; it will not linger unless we give rise to generations of people who know as an immediate fact the infinity of the cosmos , and believe with justified conviction that our destiny is one with it .
Senate Banking Committee Chairman Christopher Dodd is considering scrapping the idea of creating a Consumer Financial Protection Agency , people familiar with the matter said , an initiative at the heart of the White House 's proposal to revamp financial - sector regulations .
The Connecticut Democrat , who announced this month that he would n't run for re-election this year , has discussed the possibility of abandoning the push for a new agency during negotiations with key Senate Republicans as a way to secure a bipartisan deal on the legislation , these people said .
Mr. Dodd 's offer is conditional , however : Republicans must agree to create a beefed - up consumer - protection division within another federal agency , these people said .
The apparent willingness to forgo an independent consumer - protection agency would be a major concession for Mr. Dodd , who had blasted the banking industry for lobbying aggressively to prevent the creation of such an entity .
" The very people who created the damn mess are the ones now arguing that consumers ought not to be protected , " he said in June .
Mr. Dodd 's shift comes amid a new sense of urgency to enact revamped rules governing the financial sector in what is now a narrow window before the November election .
Advertising Enforcement
In implementations where the operating system or OPS - based advertising is provided using executable code in the system , it can be necessary or desirable to protect that code from being removed , rendered inoperative , bypassed or manipulated .
As another example , the system can provide constant or repeated monitoring of whether the system presents the advertisement (s ) as scheduled .
If non-presentation is detected , the system can invoke one or more enforcement routines to seek compliance with the advertisement presentation schedule .
Such enforcement routines can include , but are not limited to , disabling the system in whole or in part , reporting the issue to a responsible party , invoking an alternative way of presenting the advertisement ( such as by audio when visual presentation is impeded ) , or by registering the non-compliance in a log that can later be used in a follow - up process .
A lobby group that includes BP and Shell in its membership has launched a legal challenge against low - carbon legislation in California that in effect rules out the use of oil from Canadian tar sands .
The action by the National Petrochemical & Refiners Association ( NPRA ) comes amid growing political , investor and consumer pressure on US oil companies not to participate in the carbon - intensive tar sands of Alberta .
A NPRA statement said the legislation was unlawful for a number of reasons , including the imposition of " undue and unconstitutional burdens on interstate commerce " .
It claimed the legislation would also have " little or no impact " on greenhouse gas emissions nationwide and would harm US energy security " by discouraging the use of Canadian crude oil and ethanol produced in the American midwest " .
The refiners are joined by the American Trucking Associations and the Centre for North American Energy Security in their attempt to overturn legislation from California 's governor , Arnold Schwarzenegger , who wants to cut C0 2 emissions from transport by 10 % by 2020 .
Shell 's chief executive , Peter Voser , recently announced plans to slow investment in Alberta , though he denied this was anything to do with environmental issues , saying it was a reaction to lower oil prices and a reduction in Shell 's profitability .
The company distanced itself from the NPRA legal action but did not express its opposition to it .
" Shell is not represented on the committees of the National Petrochemical and Refiners Association that made the decision to legally challenge the rules , " said a spokesman in The Hague .
" We continue to work with the California Air Resources Board as they refine rules and address outstanding issues . "
BP also claimed it was not associated with the court challenge .
A spokesman for the oil company in London said : " BP 's membership in NPRA is limited to specific issues related to the chemical industry . "
BP has started to spend tens of millions of dollars restructuring two US refineries so that they can process tar sands crude imported from its operations in Canada .
There were reports over the weekend that BP is in $ 1.2 bn talks to buy a Canadian company called Value Creation , which has substantial tar sands reserves .
Tony Hayward , chief executive of BP , told the Guardian in an interview this month that he was confident tar sands would play a major role in future US energy security .
He played down suggestions that the US army , one of the biggest single users of oil products in the world , might be prevented by politicians from using fuel derived from tar sands .
Tar sands have risen fast up the political agenda since the Copenhagen climate change conference last December .
The issue will also be discussed at the forthcoming annual general meetings of Shell and BP .
On the agenda are resolutions from the Co-op and other investors questioning the wisdom of continuing their controversial tar sands operations in Canada .
John Sauven , executive director of Greenpeace UK , said he was pleased that investors were putting the oil company on the spot , adding that exploitation of the tar sands would become " a campaign battle­ground for years to come " .
on the Banpo Bridge , suggesting that they are similar to the ideas
( Photo : Ross Kenney ) Ross Kenney shared this photo of the bike and walking facilitieson the Banpo Bridge , suggesting that they are similar to the ideas proposed for the Columbia River Crossing ( Photo : Ross Kenney )
BikePortland reader Ross Kenney writes to us that he moved this fall from Portland to Seoul , South Korea to teach English .
He included some photos and notes on the state of bicycling infrastructure there .
Story continues below
advertisement
Kenney writes :
“ I brought my bike along , because I could n’t possibly bear the thought of living without any fun between my legs for a year .
I have been out exploring the vast network of Seoul bicycle trails and observing the differences from my home town .
My new coworkers were quick to brag that their new President is very interested in cycling , and has created many expansion projects . ”
Kenney adds that a number of new trails have been constructed thanks to increased political will .
He adds , “ More importantly , I think , they are now allowing bicycles on the subway , and have constructed special cars on each end of the trains .
I have also heard word of a 10 year plan to increase bike access ( sounds like a master plan ) . ”
Here are two more photos from Kenney of bike infrastructure in Seoul :
A bike share facility used mainly for recreation on the network of paths .
( Photo : Ross Kenney )
An elevator built for lifting pedestrians and cyclists from the Han River trail to the deck of a bridge .
( Photo : Ross Kenney )
– We last wrote about Seoul ’s bike infrastructure ( including the elevator pictured above ) and programs to increase bicycling back in October , 2008 .
Front Page , Infrastructure
Bike Sharing , Columbia River Crossing , reader photos , travel
Boris Johnson ' misspeaks ' as he tries to clarify rule of six laws
U.S. Rep. Dennis Kucinich , frustrated that the Ohio Department of Transportation has dug in its heels and wo n't consider a multipurpose lane on the new Inner Belt Bridge , wrote the administrator of the Federal Highway Administration on Friday , asking him to ensure the lane is included in bids for the span .
In his letter to Victor Mendez , Kucinich wrote that he heard Ohio " cannot veer from its path toward the current plans to exclude bikes and pedestrians .
. . .
The issue of bike and pedestrian access to this signature bridge must not be swept under the rug due to a bureaucratic snafu . "
Kucinich , a Democrat from Cleveland , sent the letter in response to comments made earlier in the day by Craig Hebebrand , the bridge 's project manager , to Cleveland Planning Commission members .
Hebebrand said the three design / build teams that will bid this year on the $ 450 million bridge project can't include an alternate bid to add a multipurpose lane .
That 's because ODOT did n't include such a lane in the Environmental Impact Statement approved by the highway administration , which includes all bridge specifications for bids , Hebebrand said .
The project must be authorized by the federal agency by March 1 to receive $ 85 million in federal stimulus funds .
" There is no way to physically change all the documents and allow the FHWA [ Federal Highway Administration ] to review and approve them by March 1 , " he said .
Commission member Lillian Kuri was perplexed .
" Under no scenario do I see adding a multipurpose lane as a negative environmental impact , " she said .
" Since the bridge really is n't designed , there is certainly no harm to allow the three firms you pick to come in with two sets of bids -- one without the cost of the lane and the other with . . .
I do n't understand why you are shutting the door right now . "
Neither did about a dozen bicyclists who attended the commission meeting .
" You could do a better job at not a huge amount of cost , " said Jim Sheehan , director of the Ohio City Bicycle Co-op .
" No one is interested in delaying it or making it more expensive . "
Hebebrand said it would cost an additional $ 20 million to add a multipurpose lane to the five - lane bridge .
In addition , ODOT has said cheaper and safer alternatives are feasible and that it will make improvements for bicyclists and pedestrians along other routes over the Cuyahoga Valley between downtown and the West Side .
Kucinich , along with bicyclists and city officials , has advocated for the multipurpose lane since December .
He has met with ODOT officials and wrote Gov. Ted Strickland .
He said Friday it is the first time he has heard the highway administration rules and March 1 deadline could derail the lane .
" I am going to intervene and we are not going to let this get lost in a bureaucratic maze , " he said .
" I feel very strongly that the community 's wishes should be regarded .
It is easy for them [ ODOT ] to shove it off on a bureaucracy , but they 've had time since December . "
He said the project is in no danger of losing the $ 85 million .
" The last thing the Obama administration will do is let some federal agency take away $ 85 million from Cleveland and Cuyahoga County , " he said .
Bridge construction will begin in 2011 .
When the new span opens in 2014 , it will carry eastbound and westbound traffic until 2017 , the year the current deteriorating Inner Belt Bridge will be replaced .
At that point , the bridge built first will carry only westbound traffic and the other will carry eastbound traffic .
To reach this Plain Dealer reporter : kfarkas@plaind.com , 216-999-5079
OSLO ( Reuters ) - The U.N. panel of climate experts overstated how much of the Netherlands is below sea level , according to a preliminary report on Saturday , admitting yet another flaw after a row last month over Himalayan glacier melt .
A background note by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) said a 2007 report wrongly stated that 55 percent of the country was below sea level since the figure included areas above sea level , prone to flooding along rivers .
The United Nations has said errors in the 2007 report of about 3,000 pages do not affect the core conclusions that human activities , led by burning fossil fuels , are warming the globe .
“ The sea level statistic was used for background information only , and the updated information remains consistent with the overall conclusions , ” the IPCC note dated February 12 said .
Skeptics say errors have exposed sloppiness and over - reliance on “ grey literature ” outside leading scientific journals .
The panel ’s reports are a main guide for governments seeking to work out costly policies to combat global warming .
The 2007 report included the sentence : “ The Netherlands is an example of a country highly susceptible to both sea level rise and river flooding because 55 percent of its territory is below sea level . ”
“ A preliminary analysis suggests that the sentence discussed should end with : ‘ because 55 percent of the Netherlands is at risk of flooding ’ , ” the IPCC note said .
The Netherlands Environmental Assessment Agency , the original source of the incorrect data , said on February 5 that just 26 percent of the country is below sea level and 29 percent susceptible to river flooding .
The IPCC said the error was widespread -- it quoted a report from the Dutch Ministry of Transport saying “ about 60 percent ” of the country is below sea level , and a European Commission study saying “ about half . ”
The panel expressed regret last month after admitting that the 2007 report exaggerated the pace of melt of the Himalayan glaciers , which feed rivers from China to India in dry seasons , in a sentence that said they could all vanish by 2035 .
The 2035 figure did not come from a scientific journal .
Travis Goodspeed has continued finding flaws in TI microcontrollers , branching out from the MSP430 to ZigBee radio chipsets .
A few days ago , he posted a flaw in the random number generator .
Why is this important ?
Because the MSP430 and ZigBee are found in many wireless sensor systems , including most Smart Meters .
Travis describes two flaws : the PRNG is a 16 - bit LFSR and it is not seeded with very much entropy .
However , the datasheet recommends this random number generator be used to create cryptographic keys .
It ’s extremely scary to find such a poor understanding of crypto in a device capable of forging billing records or turning off the power to your house .
The first flaw is that the PRNG is not cryptographically secure .
The entropy pool is extremely small ( 16 bits ) , which can be attacked with a brute - force search in a fraction of a second , even if used with a secure PRNG such as Yarrow .
Also , the PRNG is never re-seeded , which could have helped if implemented properly .
Even if the entropy pool was much larger , it would still be vulnerable because an LFSR is not a cryptographically - secure PRNG .
An attacker who has seen some subset of the output can recreate the LFSR taps ( even if they ’re secret ) and then generate any future sequence from it .
The second problem is that it is seeded from a random source that has very little entropy .
Travis produced a frequency count graph for the range of values returned by the random source , ADCTSTL , a radio register .
As you can see from that graph , a few 8 - bit values are returned many times ( clustered around 0 and 100 ) and some are not returned at all .
This bias could be exploited even if it was used with a cryptographically - secure PRNG .
These problems are each enough to make the system trivially insecure to a simple brute - force attack , as Travis points out .
However , it gets worse because the insecure PRNG is used with public - key crypto .
The Z - Stack library includes ECC code written by Certicom .
I have not reviewed that code , but it seems reasonable to use a library from a company that employs cryptographers .
But the ECC code makes the critical mistake of leaving implementation of primitives such as the PRNG up to the developer .
Other libraries ( such as OpenSSL , Mozilla ’s NSS , and Microsoft ’s Crypto API ) all have their own PRNG , even if seeding it has to be left up to the developer .
That at least reduces the risk of PRNG flaws .
ECC , like other public key crypto , falls on its face when the design spec is violated .
In particular , ECDSA keys are completely exposed if even a few bits of the random nonce are predictable .
Even if the keys were securely generated in the factory during the manufacturing process , a predictable PRNG completely exposes them in the field .
Since this kind of attack is based on poor entropy , it would still be possible even if TI replaced their PRNG with one that is cryptographically secure .
Given that these chips are used in critical infrastructure such as smart meters and this attack can be mounted from remote , it is important that it be fixed carefully .
This will be difficult to fix since it will require hardware changes to the random source of entropy , and there is already an unknown number of devices in the field .
Once again , crypto proves fragile and thorough review is vital .
Today BioWare unveiled its downloadable content ( DLC ) plans for Mass Effect 2
Those who purchase the title new will receive exclusive access to the ' The Cerberus Network , ' an in - game pipeline for downloadable content , as well as daily messages and news on upcoming releases for the game at no additional cost .
Access requires players to input a single - use unlock code that comes included with all new copies , retail and digital versions .
" The Cerberus Network augments and extends the rich universe of Mass Effect 2 , " said Dr. Ray Muzyka , co-founder , BioWare and Group General Manager of the RPG / MMO Group of EA .
" We 're thrilled to be able to reward loyal BioWare and Mass Effect fans with ongoing , high quality content and provide a direct channel for our players to dive deeper into the intriguing lore of Mass Effect . "
Daily Fix Video January 19 , 2010
This news and more in the Daily Fix . - Mass Effect 2 DLC
- ESPN TO Xbox Live ?
- Apple Announcement Jan 27th
- Giveaway : Round 2
The first DLC pack is set for release at the game 's launch on January 26 , and will include new missions , in - game items , and characters .
Zaeed , a " rugged and deadly gun - for - hire " will join Commander Shepard in one of the new missions .
A second DLC pack , set for release " after launch " will included the Hammerhead , a new hover tank for players to take control of , along with " new missions and unique in - game items , including Cerberus Assault Armor which boost shields , health and heavy weapon ammo and the M - 22 Eviscerator Shotgun . "
If you 're thinking about buying Mass Effect 2 used , BioWare says fans will have to pay for an activation code to join " The Cerberus Network , " though pricing for a code was not revealed in the announcement .
Update : Electronic
Arts has clarified to IGN saying all DLC on launch day will be free for those who buy Mass Effect 2 new .
Pricing for content released afterward have not been announced .
In other news , just to keep Kossacks up to date on the great work Congressman Grayson is doing :
Anticipating a Supreme Court decision that could free corporations to spend unlimited amounts of money on political campaigns , Rep. Alan Grayson ( D - Fla . ) introduced five bills on Wednesday to choke off the expected flood of corporate cash .
" We are facing a potential threat to our democracy , " Grayson said in an interview with HuffPost .
" Unlimited corporate spending on campaigns means the government is up for sale and that the law itself will be bought and sold .
It would be political bribery on the largest scale imaginable . "
Grayson introduced a handful of bills on Wednesday -- the Business Should Mind Its Own Business Act , the Corporate Propaganda Sunshine Act , the End Political Kickbacks Act , and two other measures .
The Business Should Mind Its Own Business
Act would impose a 500 percent excise tax on corporate contributions to political committees and on corporate expenditures on political advocacy campaigns .
The Corporate Propaganda Sunshine
Act would require public companies to report what they spend to influence public opinion on any matter other than the promotion of their goods and services .
The End Political Kickbacks
Act would restrict political contributions by government contractors .
The other measures would apply antitrust regulations to political committees and bar corporations from securities exchanges unless the corporation is certified in compliance with election law .
" This case is basically about an effort to get around that .
Citizens United took corporate money and tried to influence an election , " said Lisa Gilbert of the U.S. Public Interest Research Group .
" These are all pieces of good policy .
I hope they draw attention to the potential frightening implications of Citizens United . "
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/...
BTW : One of my ' insane right wing crazy associates ' that I work with sent me the below video in an email .
Talk about re-writing history , this is the most horrifying thing I have ever seen .
Has anyone else been sent this video ?
Does anyone know who sponsored it ?
I think we should find our pretty damn quick who the heck is putting this shit out there ...
Just wanted to let you know that there is some crazy shifting of the entire mess that Bush left us right onto our own party , and this rewriting of history seems like this is the way the Republicans are going to ' write many of their upcoming political ads '.... if you get my drift .
Thanks ...its getting scary out there .
Thank god Congressman Grayson has our back and stands up and reminds America every chance he gets , on the bullshit that the Republicans try to pull over on people .
The Karl Rove rule of thumb : Just keep repeating lies over and over again , and then the ' lies ' somehow ' morph ' into the ' new truth ' is alive and well in the Republican party , and the new ' meme ' .... that our nation got where it is today because of President Obama and the Democratic party , seems to be the way the Republicans are going to try to take back ' our country ' .
We have to figure out a way to fight this message , and I hope someone in President Obama 's public relations office is working out a significant strategy to stop this insane blame game before it catches up with us .
I think that this may come down to President Obama turning the tables on Wall Street BIG - TIME and conducting a very strong campaign against the same ' shadow elite ' that are now willing to cross over to candidates like Scott Brown .
Wall Street holds no loyalty to any political party , and the last thing Wall Street cares about are the American people .
I hope that President Obama sees the light because I believe that is where the next few election cycles will take us :
It 's either Wall Street or the American people ..... it really is that simple .
Do n't cha just love Grayson ?
UPDATE : Thanks for your comments .... two things : first of all I know a lot of us are giving to both Haiti and working our butts off in the Coakley camp , but just wanted to remind everyone of the Act Blue for Grayson ..
http://www.actblue.com/...
Second , the Utube video that is so scary at the end of this diary is posted because I wanted to make certain everyone on our side of the isle ( Democrats ) understood what we are up against right now , and I personally would like to find out what organization is responsible for producing this video .
It is absolutely horrifying .
Thanks .
So , there ’s a lot of discussion of the above problem ; you are on a Mac , and you are trying to “ rsync ” files from a source to a destination , and it complains about umlauts , complex quote characters , or other Unicode .
If you are like me , you ’ll waste time trying to work out what encodings and codepages are applicable to the FAT32 filesystem , assuming that that ’s the correct approach ; it turns out not .
Some of them will also claim that FAT32 has native code - page support , but that the Long File Name support apparently requires UTF - 16 , or perhaps UCS2 .
You ’ll also run into people earnestly explaining that Mac HFS requires everything to be put into “ fully ” UTF - 8 decomposed form before being turned into the filename , and that this is the problem .
But then they quit on giving you a solution .
You may even find people talking about solving a similar problem on Mac - to - Linux systems ( eg : NAS ) – or in passing you will learn that time resolution on FAT32 is about 2 seconds , so you ca n’t sensibly use time - comparison without adding some kind of time - fuzz – but neither of these will solve the filename issue .
You are probably also annoyed by half a dozen blogposts by geeks who hack around this with Perl , or who attack the questioner to say WHY HAVEN ’T YOU JUST REFORMATTED THE DISK TO BE < ext4 , zfs , ntfs > YOU ENORMOUS BABOON ?
( tip : because the camera still has to read it , too )
The actual answer – the one you were looking for – is really simple .
brew install rsync # because the macOS rsync is old rsync - av –iconv=utf-8-mac,utf-8-mac –size-only / from/dir / /to/fat32dir/
It seems to basically boil down to convincing rsync to decompose the filenames that it [ previously created and ] reads back from the FAT32 filesystem , before comparing them to what it can see in the HFS filesystem .
So , tell it on both sides that it has to use “ utf - 8 - mac ” , thereby levelling the filename - comparison playing field .
Suddenly everything works fast again .
It might be possible to tune it even further , to simplify more , but I ’m so pleased with this that I just want to share .
Leave a comment if this worked for you and you found it / appreciated the writeup .
Whenever I go to a music store or website , I always see Hip hop and Rap in the same section , and many times the terms are used interchangeably .
When you bring up this subject to people , there are many different responses .
Most of the time people equate
Hip hop to being the older of the two , as the real foundation for the genre .
People also say that Hip hop has more of a Jazzy , upbeat feel .
Rap , according to most people , is anything made after 1994 .
Most of what came before is considered Old School Hip Hop .
Some people say Hip hop is Dead .
“ Rapper ” Nas claimed this a while back .
I disagree .. and I also do n’t consider Nas a “ Rapper , ” though he is commonly referred to as one .
I ’m an independent artist myself .
I actually happen to be a lyricist that mostly writes hip hop lyrics , but I also do some electronic music and R&B .
I would never classify myself as a rapper though , simply because of the bad associations that the word has .
I ’m talking about the subject matter that is in the songs I classify as rap .
The REAL difference between the two categories is lyrical content .
Rap , I classify , as being a genre that focuses on particular concepts over and over again .
The subject matter never really changes very much .
It is almost like Rap is a mass produced form of music , and the artistic dynamic to the music is often lost .
However Hip hop on the other hand , which is still very much alive ( overshadowed , but alive ) , has a greater value to the listener .
It offers poetic and often insightful lyrics that give you a second reason to want to listen again .
Take a look at one of my favorite Hip hop lyricists , Emmanuel Jackson in the video below .
He ’s unknown right now , but look out for him in the next couple years .
Hip hop will be making a huge comeback .
His style is also the closest to my own that I have ever seen and I have tremendous respect for his art .
I hope this post cleared this issue up for a lot of people .
Rap is a mainstream pop genre that goes through fads faster than an elementary school , and Hip Hop is a fundamentally pure art form who ’s roots are so deep that it will never really die .
In fact , I think Rap may be in danger pretty soon , especially with people like Emmanuel Jackson emerging , who happens to feel the exact same way as me on the subject .
The REAL difference is all about the REAL .
UPDATE :
It ’s been a while since I wrote this so I felt I ’d update it .
Plus there was a good comment today from cola that brings up a good point :
“ sorry , after reading this i still do n’t feel educated about what hip hop is vs. rap .
it sounds subjective .
if you think it ’s good , it ’s hip hop .
if you think it ’s commercial and shallow , it ’s rap .
i need a meatier and more objective answer .
thanks , though . ”
That ’s just the thing about hip hop though .
It ’s about the lyrical content .
Hip Hop is all about heart .
Heart is the essence of Hip Hop .
Listen to the name .. Hip Hop .. it sounds like a heart beat .
Then listen to the name rap .. it sounds like ….crap .
But this is where the subjectiveness is really made apparent .
Somebody might be spitting about some nickel bags and some spinners , and some people might not feel it because they can’t relate .
Then it ’s not Hip Hop to that person .
To other people , that same verse might strike them differently , paint a different picture for them , and so to them it might be Hip Hop .
It ’s really about making a connection from one person ’s heart to another person’s .
That ’s Hip Hop , and if that ’s the MC ’s aim , usually the music will reflect that as well .
Take this song for example .
This is my good friend Dot the One , with The World is not Enough , off his new mixtape Aviators and Bombers .
The whole concept for the mixtape is emphasizing how people are so concerned with the shallower things in life , like a pair of sunglasses .
To someone who does n’t know that this is Dot ’s intent , it might sound like he ’s glorifying this stuff to the extreme , and that might be whack to some people , but if you know what he ’s really trying to do , which is inherent in his flow if you listen carefully , then you feel it , and to me it ’s pure Hip Hop .
I like to equate it to visual art .
Some guy that just throws a bunch of paint splatters on a canvas , with no real technique , and calls it art might actually end up touching some people , and to them , that is art .
But I feel like it all comes down to the motive of the “ artist . ”
Are they just trying to make as much money as they can while putting in the least amount of effort possible , or is there actually a deeper method to their madness .
I think that ’s the definitions of trash and art , respectively .
Unless you really know what the person ’s motives are , you may come out with a different definition , which is where the subjectivity of art comes in , since usually people do n’t know the motives of an artist when they encounter a work .
Art is intrinsically subjective because it has to be a personal thing to be considered art .. it has to touch someone .. not everyone , but someone .
But , on the more objective side , there is , in actuality , 1 true motive behind the work , and that ’s where subjectivity does n’t really matter anymore .
It either is , or it is n’t , worthy of the title of Art , based on real motive .
I think that Hip Hop is a similar title to that of Art .
To me , and many other people who put a lot of time and effort into their rhymes , if the motives are to touch people in a particular way , for the purpose of communicating something somewhat important , or meaningful , from one person to another person , that ’s worthy of the title of Hip Hop .
If they ’re just rapping about some hypocritical garbage to get attention and to get money , it ca n’t be hip hop .. that ’s rap .
I would almost consider Tyler the Creator in this category , because he just says shit to create a reaction .. but then again he puts a lot of effort into creating those visuals in your head , and I do n’t really know him or his motives behind his work so I could n’t really tell you for sure , only what I think about it , and that ’ll be different for each person .
I find though , like almost everything in life , that ’s it ’s not always just black and white , but instead it ’s more of a spectrum , with a million different possible points of variation in between .
Hip Hop , and Rap are the two complete opposite ends of the spectrum , but in the end , if it gets through , for some people , the spectrum can seem to bend and even come full circle , and definitions can change .. subjectivity = art .
I ’m sticking to my belief that Hip Hop is all about heart , because that ’s how it ’s made me feel , and if it does n’t have that , it ’s not Hip Hop as far as I ’m concerned .
A lot of respected and proven hip hoppers agree with me .
Notice how the title of the song is Phony Rappers , and Qtip makes a reference to the real as MC ’s , not rappers .
He obviously thinks there ’s a difference too .
I ’m of course partial to Hip Hop .. some people are partial to Rap , and that ’s great .
Then again , it also depends a lot on mood too .
Once again , the real difference between Rap and Hip Hop has to be about the real – real motives , real feeling , real love , real hate , real heart , whatever the flavor .
That ’s the difference .
“ Cause once you add the hip to the hop kid , it equals out to love ” – Phife Dawg
Written by : Dante Carmelo Cullari ( aka ILL principe ) Founder and CEO Beat - Play , LLC
Like any good audience member , I ’ve always been impressed by magician David Blaine ’s 2008 world record feat of holding his breath underwater for 17 minutes .
I ’d never given it much more thought than the observation that a young , healthy guy can probably achieve any given world record if he dedicates enough resources to the effort , and Blaine certainly appeared to have done so .
I received a forwarded email from the University of Pittsburgh ’s Critical Care Medicine Group email list :
Absolutely enthralling video of David Blaine explaining how he held his breath for 17 minutes !
Interesting the assistance he received from the medical fraternity , including trying liquid ventilation with perflurocarbons .
Video here < http://www.ted.com/talks/david_blaine_how_i_held_my_breath_for_17_min.html>
OK , well enough .
This is pretty much what has been publicly broadcast about the stunt .
Nothing new here .
But then another poster replied :
I love magic and I very much respect David Blane`s skill as an illusionist and the training he does for his stunts .
The talk is , indeed , enthralling .
Blane is a superb magician and , even though the people at TED took his talk at face value ( including some aspects of his medical assistance ) , I do not .
A number of David Blane`s and Chris Angel`s stunt - illusions ( including the prolonged breath holding under water ) have been recreated by the nefarious “ masked magician ” with a reveal of the underlying principles of the illusion .
To me , the “ face emersion in a sink full of perflurocarbons ” and some of the other medical discussion add to the illusion but do n’t give a cogent alternative explanation to the true aspects of the illusion .
An important part of the fun / magic of an illusion is the magician convincing you that there is no other explanation to what you believe you are seeing .
You can find the “ reveal ” of the illusion on the net if you are so inclined .
Well , neither do I take the perfluorocarbons explanation at face value .
Another poster replied with this :
My father participated in some of the original experiments with the SEALS using perflurocarbons .
After watching James Cameron ’s “ The Abyss ” , which attempted to show the liquid breathing effects on rats and people , he remarked it was reasonably accurate .
The ‘ panic ’ reaction of holding one ’s breath for as long as possible until being forced to breath in the fluid was an issue , and once the subject was breathing the liquid , they were unable to perform tasks because it took so much effort to breathe .
There is good reason to be skeptical of David Blaine ’s feats .
His famous TV show “ Street Magic ” is widely known to have been largely accomplished with post - production editing .
For example , his “ levitation ” was a cleverly edited conflation of a parlor trick called the Balducci and a demonstration of using a wire rig for flying onstage ( and I do n’t think I ’m violating any magician ’s trade secrets by pointing that out ) .
Should we not be equally skeptical of his breath holding trick ?
It was performed on Oprah , for FSM ’s sake ; and it ’s not like no magician has ever taken advantage of the limited view television offers its audience .
Pretty much all of the authorities accept Blaine ’s record as legitimate , though short - lived ( it was broken only a few months later ) .
Blaine ’s problem is that he has established himself as the boy who cried wolf .
Whether his feat was genuine or a trick along the lines of the Masked Magician ’s reveal , his audience has good reason to doubt its authenticity .
What do you think ?
Google Inc. said it would revamp the setup process for its new social - networking service Buzz , apologizing to users for raising concerns about the privacy of the product .
In a blog post Saturday , Google product manager Todd Jackson said Buzz would no longer automatically subscribe users to follow the postings of their close Gmail contacts , a move that had spooked many users into believing Buzz was publicizing their private relationships .
Instead , after reviewing users '
Gmail contacts , it would only suggest people that users ...
No .
Because CBD oil is made from hemp , and not from marijuana , it contains very little THC ( the chemical that is responsible for psychedelic effects ) .
The THC is then further removed , to 0.03 % THC or less in our full spectrum products ( 10X less than the US legal limit ) , and 0 % in our isolate products .
Choose to isolate if you are worried about any traces showing on drug screening .
SANTO DOMINGO :
The man providing legal advice to American church workers charged with trying to take children out of Haiti may have a string of legal charges against him in the US and has emerged as the key suspect in a child prostitution ring in El Salvador .
The mother and stepfather of Jorge Anibal Torres Puello told The Miami Herald on Saturday that the fugitive wanted by Salvadorean police was their son , who has been advising the church volunteers .
Jorge Anibal Torres Puello .
Credit:AP
'' That 's him , '' Ana Puello said from her modest home in the outskirts of Santo Domingo in the Dominican Republic .
'' But those things they say about him , I doubt they 're true …
He told me , ' Mami , I swear I did n't . '
He would never hurt a child . ''
Though his wife was convicted in the case , Mr Torres Puello left the country - wanted by Salvadorean police - before ending up in Haiti .
A self - styled lawyer with no law degree , he has had other brushes with the law , including a charge in Miami in 1999 for possessing fake documents , records show .
His bond was later revoked and a warrant issued for his arrest .
Around two hundred Dublin car owners failed to reclaim their cars after getting clamped last year .
According to figures , the clampers raked in almost € 5 m in 2009 , with more 60,000 drivers getting clamped .
Noel Purcell Walk , Shelbourne Road and Jervis Street were the top three streets for getting clamped in Dublin last year .
Afghan President Hamid Karzai : " What has happened to cause the Afghan people in the south to allow the Taliban to return to their villages ?
Something must have gone wrong .
But who allowed things to go wrong ? "
Foto : S. Sabawoon / dpa
Dear Straight Dope : Did Tchaikovsky commit suicide ?
D. Bringen
SDStaff
Dex replies :
As you may be aware , D. , there are a couple of theories on this subject .
The official story was always that the great Russian composer died of complications from cholera , and this version of events still has its adherents today .
But rumors that he ’d taken his own life have been around nearly since his death in 1893 .
And with the emergence of long - suppressed documents following the collapse of the Soviet Union , most Tchaikovsky scholars have come to accept a hypothesis first put forth in the late 1970s by the musicologist and archivist Alexandra Orlova — namely , that Tchaikovsky killed himself not strictly out of despondency but because he was coerced into it .
His tormented life , as we currently understand it : Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky was born May 7 , 1840 , in Votkinsk , Russia .
His childhood was miserable .
Ilya Petrovich Tchaikovsky ( 1795 - 1880 ) , his father , was a civil servant and member of the lesser nobility ; his mother , Alexandra Andreyevna ( 1813 - 1854 ) , hated living in a backwater town , and her unhappiness influenced young Tchaikovsky enormously .
Shortly after the family moved to Moscow in 1848 , they were ruined financially .
Always an extremely sensitive and introspective child , by age nine he was uncomfortable around other people , had no self - confidence , and clung neurotically to his mother .
Her death from cholera was a crushing blow to the 14 - year - old Tchaikovsky , and was arguably one source of the depressions that affected him ( and his music ) for the rest of his life .
He was enrolled in the Imperial School of Jurisprudence , which prepared boys for civil service , engineering , and the military .
There was certainly a great deal of adolescent experimentation with homosexuality at the all - male school ; Tchaikovsky became aware that his own sexual preferences ran in that direction , and this apparently filled him with self - loathing .
Tchaikovsky later said that attending a performance of Mozart ’s Don Giovanni made a great impression on him , and influenced his decision to pursue a career in music .
He enrolled in the Saint Petersburg Conservatory in 1862 , graduated in 1866 , and moved to Moscow to join the brand new Moscow Conservatory .
Moscow was not as sophisticated as Saint Petersburg , and was by one biographer ’s account “ violently homophobic . ”
Though he was uncomfortable in Moscow , his music career flourished , and he quickly rose to fame .
His first important success was the Overture in F , in 1866 ; his first symphony received its premiere in 1868 , followed by the iconoclastic Piano Concerto No. 1 in 1872 .
At this stage , Tchaikovsky believed that his homosexuality was a “ correctable deviance ” and that marriage would “ cure ” or “ redeem ” him .
In 1869 , he fell deeply in love with Eduard Zak , a 15 - year old student .
( Throughout his life , Tchaikovsky ’s lovers tended to be around this age . )
Zak is generally believed to be the inspiration for the love theme from Romeo and Juliet ( 1869 ) .
Zak was one of the great loves of Tchaikovsky ’s life ; his suicide at age 19 devastated Tchaikovsky .
In 1887 , 14 years after Zak ’s death , Tchaikovsky wrote in his diary how he missed Zak , had never loved anyone as much , and wept for him .
Musically , Tchaikovsky remained very productive , despite ( or perhaps because of ) his neuroses and constant bouts of depression .
He told his younger brother Anatoly ( 1850 - 1915 ) that his homosexual tendencies caused “ an unbridgable gulf between the majority of people and myself .
They impart to my character … a sense of alienation , fear of others , timidity , excessive shyness , mistrustfulness – which make me more and more unsociable . ”
Accordingly he turned inward , where , according to Professor Robert Greenberg of the San Francisco Conservatory of Music , he “ found a world of self - expression that he might never have discovered had he felt less alienated from society . ”
In 1875 Tchaikovsky met the French composer Camille Saint - Saà«ns ( 1835 - 1921 ) , who also was gay .
The two liked to dress in drag and dance together .
As he began to understand that his homosexuality was not going to go away , Tchaikovsky grew to feel that marriage would at least provide him with superficial social respectability .
He wrote to his brother Modest ( 1850 - 1916 ) that he would marry “ anyone . ”
Anyone turned out to be Antonina Milyukova ( 1849 -1917 ) , a former fellow music student , whom he married in 1877 .
He proposed a platonic relationship , a marriage for the sake of public appearance , but she does n’t seem to have understood that he was gay .
Arguably she was just dim ; but in fairness , such discussions were not explicit in those days , and she might simply not have been worldly enough to understand what he was getting at .
In any case , the marriage was a total disaster , and led him to an unsuccessful ( and not very convincing ) suicide attempt : ever the romantic , he reportedly waded out into the Moscow River , hoping to catch pneumonia .
Pyotr and Antonina separated just months after the wedding .
Infidelity was the sole grounds for divorce in Russia at the time , which Antonina of course could not prove .
They remained technically married for the rest of their lives , although they saw each other only rarely .
Antonina was at best mentally unstable , and ultimately was committed to a lunatic asylum , where she spent the last 20 years of her life .
Meanwhile Tchaikovsky ’s renown as a composer continued to grow : during this period he produced much of the greatest and best - known music of his career , including Swan Lake ( 1877 ) , the 1812 Overture ( 1880 ) , Capriccio Italien ( 1880 ) , The Sleeping Beauty ( 1890 ) , and The Nutcracker ( 1892 ) .
He enjoyed great international acclaim and made tours to the U.S. and across Europe , conducting and promoting his music .
Despite his stardom , he was continually unhappy and full of self - doubt , suffering bouts of depression and worrying about public discovery of his sexual orientation .
Tchaikovsky lived extravagantly , thanks in large part to the generosity of a patroness , Nadezhda von Meck , the widow of a wealthy railroad tycoon .
Interestingly , the two never met face to face , but maintained a lengthy and voluminous correspondence that began in 1876 , and ended suddenly in 1890 .
Allegedly Meck ’s greedy relatives wanted to end her expensive habit of financing Tchaikovsky , and threatened to expose his homosexuality if she continued to support him .
He certainly did not know this , and the abrupt end of their long friendship was yet another major source of depression and embitterment .
His last work , his Symphony No. 6 , premiered in Saint Petersburg on October 28 , 1893 .
A little over a week later , on November 6 , 1893 , Tchaikovsky was dead ; the immediate cause of death was kidney failure .
The official report was that he died of cholera after drinking contaminated water on November 2 .
Within days of his death , the press was raising objections to this account :
• Precisely because of the known risk of cholera , it was argued , Tchaikovsky would never have drunk water without boiling it first .
There were also a variety of conflicting stories about exactly when and where he drank the tainted water .
• His death came more quickly than one would expect if cholera were the cause .
• The medical care he received was completely inadequate for someone supposedly suffering from cholera .
Within the week , his brother Modest published a lengthy account of his brother ’s death , “ to dispel all the conflicting rumors . ”
This version disagreed in some details with the report of Tchaikovsky ’s doctor , Lev Bertenson .
However , despite these inconsistencies , the cholera story endured .
The explanation of Tchaikovsky ’s death brought forth nearly a century later by Alexandra Orlova is considerably more chilling and frankly depressing .
In 1893 Tchaikovsky had an affair with an 18 - year old nobleman named Alexandre Vladimirovich Stenbok - Fermor .
The young man ’s uncle , Count Alexei Alexandrovich Stenbok - Fermor , discovered the liason and wrote an angry letter denouncing Tchaikovsky to his close friend Czar Alexander III .
The count entrusted the letter to a lawyer , one Nicholai Jacobi , for delivery to the czar .
By sheer coincidence , Jacobi had been a classmate of Tchaikovsky ’s at the Imperial School of Jurisprudence .
On discovering the contents of the letter , chose not to deliver it but instead brought together a “ court of honor ” — seven of Tchaikovsky ’s former schoolmates living in Saint Petersburg , all of them now senior lawyers or distinguished politicians — and summoned Tchaikovsky before them .
They told him that they would withhold the letter from the czar , avoiding disgrace and scandal for him and the school , only if he committed suicide .
It should be noted that homosexuality was certainly not uncommon in czarist Russia — the sin was getting caught .
Many of the czar ’s courtiers were known to be gay , and the royal court might well have just ignored any scandal on account of Tchaikovsky ’s status .
We ’ll never know .
There would not have been imprisonment ( as Oscar Wilde would face in England a few years later ) or exile , only possible humiliation and loss of social standing .
In any case , Tchaikovsky , his brother Modest , his doctors , and the “ court of honor ” believed that they could use small doses of arsenic to make it appear as though Tchaikovsky had died of cholera .
The symptoms are similar : severe diarrhea , then intense vomiting , dehydration , and ultimately death from kidney failure .
It was a slow , agonizing process , lasting three or four days .
Presumably , Tchaikovsky preferred such a fate to exposure .
Naturally , there are those who dispute Orlova ’s version , and find significant indications that the death was , in fact , due to cholera .
There will always be some doubt unless Tchaikovsky ’s body is exhumed and examined for traces of arsenic .
Regardless of the cause , it was still a tragic end for a great composer .
The mature works of his last years were magnificent , and his death was a major loss to the world of music .
SDStaff Dex , Straight Dope Science Advisory Board
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
STAFF REPORTS ARE WRITTEN BY THE STRAIGHT DOPE SCIENCE ADVISORY BOARD , CECIL'S ONLINE AUXILIARY .
THOUGH THE SDSAB DOES ITS BEST , THESE COLUMNS ARE EDITED BY ED ZOTTI , NOT CECIL , SO ACCURACYWISE YOU'D BETTER KEEP YOUR FINGERS CROSSED .
I 'm sorry to have to report to you all the loss of another member of the Alien family .
The Hollywood …
Java Web services
Metro vs. Axis2 performance
See how Metro stacks up against Axis2 on performance , both with and without WS - Security
Content series :
This content is part # of # in the series : Java Web services
Stay tuned for additional content in this series .
This content is part of the series : Java Web services
Stay tuned for additional content in this series .
The Metro Web services stack is based on the reference implementations of the JAXB 2.x data - binding and JAX - WS 2.x
Web services standards , but it uses additional components to provide features beyond the basic support defined by JAX - WS .
WS - Security and other SOAP extension technologies are implemented by the Web Services Interoperability Technologies ( WSIT ) project , with the actual WS - Security processing implemented by another added component : the XML and WebServices Security Project ( XWSS ) .
About this series
Web services are a crucial part of Java technology 's role in enterprise computing .
In this series of articles , XML and Web services consultant Dennis Sosnoski covers the major frameworks and technologies that are important to Java developers using Web services .
Follow the series to stay informed of the latest developments in the field and to be aware of how you can use them to aid your programming projects .
Axis2 is based on completely different technologies , including the default Axis2 Data Binding ( ADB ) data - binding implementation , the Axis2 engine itself , and the Rampart module combined with the Web Services Security for Java ( WSS4J ) for WS - Security support .
An earlier article in this series , " The high cost of ( WS - ) Security , " showed the impact of WS - Security processing on performance in the Axis2 Web services stack .
" Introducing Metro " and " WS - Security with Metro " showed you how the two stacks differ in terms of installation , configuration , and actual usage .
This article looks at the performance differences between the two , including the differences when WS - Security is used .
Looking at performance
Just like " The high cost of ( WS - ) Security , " this article takes the approach of measuring the time required to execute a particular sequence of requests when both the client and the server are running on a single system .
This approach does a great job of comparing Web services processing overhead , since the impact of network latencies and overhead are eliminated from timing results .
Assuming the client code is n't significantly slower than the server , the figures are also good representations of actual server performance under load .
This article uses the same test application as the earlier article , a seismic data retrieval service .
The service uses an actual database of more than 93,000 earthquakes that occurred worldwide over a period of years .
Requests to the service specify a time range and a geographic coordinate range , and the service returns all earthquakes within the specified range .
See " The high cost of ( WS - ) Security " for full details and a sample request - response message pair .
As in the previous article , two sets of request sequences were used for the performance tests .
The first set used 1,000 requests , with query parameters adjusted to match a small portion of the entire earthquake database ( returning only 816 matching earthquakes for the 1,000 requests ) .
The second set used 100 requests , adjusted to match a larger portion of the database ( returning 176,745 matching earthquakes for the 100 requests ) .
Each request sequence was run multiple times in different security configurations , with only the best time for each configuration kept in the results .
The tests were run on a Mandriva 2009.1 64 - bit Linux system with an Athlon X2 5400 + processor and 4 GB of RAM , using a Sun Java 1.6.0_13 32 - bit JVM
( which gave slightly better performance than the 64 - bit JVM for a given heap size ) .
The server code was run on Tomcat 6.0.20 , configured to use 1024 MB of heap , with the client code using 512 MB of heap .
The Web service stack versions were Metro 1.5 ( which includes WSIT and XWSS ) and Axis2 1.5.1 with a current build of the Rampart code ( since there 's still no release of Rampart matching the Axis2 1.5.x code ) .
If you want to try the tests on your own hardware and JVM , download the code .
The earlier article looked only at Axis2 performance , and included plain text , SSL , and various WS - Security / WS - SecureConversation configurations .
This one uses a more - limited set of configurations but directly compares the Axis2 and Metro performance for each configuration .
Performance without WS - Security
Figure 1 shows the measured test times for both Axis2 and Metro without any WS - Security usage .
The chart shows that there 's only a small difference between the two stacks .
In the test with 1,000 requests and small responses , Metro ran half a second faster than Axis2 .
In the test with only 100 requests but larger responses , the two stacks ran equally fast ( to within .1 seconds ) .
Figure 1 .
Test times without security
These timing results show that ( for the data used by the test application ) Metro is probably slightly faster than Axis2 in per-request processing , but in actual data conversions the two run neck - and - neck ( when using the default ADB data binding with Axis2 — other data bindings may give different results , and XMLBeans binding , in particular , is known to be considerably slower ) .
Performance with WS - Security
The next two figures show the relative test times for the following security configurations :
plain —
No security ( the same values as in Figure 1 , but normalized to the Axis2 time )
— No security ( the same values as in Figure 1 , but normalized to the Axis2 time ) username — WS - Security plain - text UsernameToken on requests
— WS - Security plain - text on requests sign — WS - Security signing of body and headers , with timestamp
— WS - Security signing of body and headers , with timestamp signencr — WS - Security signing of body and headers , with timestamp , and encryption of body
Both Figure 2 and Figure 3 show the measured times as multiples of the Axis2 plain time , to make it easy to compare the results .
Figure 2 shows the times for 1,000 requests with small responses :
Figure 2 . Small response test
Figure 3 shows the times for 100 requests with large responses :
Figure 3 . Large response test
Metro is consistently much faster than Axis2 for the WS - Security configurations — more than twice as fast overall , and more than three times as fast in the case of the username and sign configurations for large messages .
This is a surprising result for two Web services stacks at about the same level of maturity .
Rampart has rudimentary time logging built - in using the org.apache.rampart .TIME logger .
By enabling this logger at DEBUG level , you can find out the amount of clock time required for various parts of the Rampart processing .
Strangely , when I did this for the signatures example , I found that the Rampart processing times made up less than half of the total time taken for the test .
This implies that the main performance problems with Axis2 / Rampart WS - Security handling lie outside Rampart and the underlying WSS4J security implementation .
Rampart certainly has a lot of room for improvement .
As mentioned in " The high cost of ( WS - ) Security , " Rampart does build a complete in - memory model of the message any time WS - Security processing is involved .
The overhead from building the in -memory model is the apparent cause of Axis2 / Rampart 's poor performance in the UsernameToken case .
It 's possible that the poor performance by Axis2 / Rampart in other WS - Security scenarios also relates to this same type of conversion issue .
Wrapping up Metro
Metro can be awkward to configure for standalone use , especially given the limited documentation available .
Metro also only works with JAXB 2.x data binding and JAX - WS 2.x
Web services configuration , as opposed to the wider range of data bindings and alternative configuration supported by Axis2 .
But Metro offers performance equal to Axis2 for plain - text message exchanges and much better performance than Axis2 when WS - Security is involved .
If you 're using WS - Security and concerned about performance , you should definitely look into using Metro for your application .
The next article moves on to looking at the CXF Web services stack , another Apache Foundation project .
CXF uses some of the same underlying components as Axis2 but a very different style for configuring and deploying Web services .
You 'll see the basics of CXF usage and how it differs from Axis2 and Metro then .
Downloadable resources
Related topics
Meilleur Casinos
Il serait ridicule d’ouvrir un compte sur un casino en ligne sans une offre intéressante de bonus casino .
Les casinos vous payent pour les choisir , alors pourquoi ne pas en tirer profit ?
Il n’est pas aussi simple de choisir le plus grand bonus cependant .
Souvent il y a des pièges ou des restrictions qui peuvent faire que , en apparence , cela peut sembler être un grand bonus , mais par la suite il n’est pas aussi intéressant que ça .
Ne vous inquiétez pas cependant ; notre super équipe d’experts de jeu sont allés sur tous les principaux casinos en ligne pour vous trouver les meilleures bonus casino en ligne sur Internet .
De nos jours , le choix des casinos en ligne peut être primordial .
Partout où vous regardez il y a un nouveau casino essayant d’attirer votre attention et de vous attirer à leurs portes .
La bonne nouvelle , indépendamment du fait d’avoir une large panoplie parmi laquelle choisir , est qu’un grand nombre de casinos en ligne signifie qu’il y a une compétition féroce entre eux .
Ceci se manifeste par de grandes offres de bonus et de promotions pour vous , le joueur .
Obtenez le meilleur bonus casino
Vous ne devriez jamais vous contentez d’un casino sans un grand bonus d’inscription .
Les casinos sont prêts à vous payer pour être dans leurs établissements virtuels et vous devriez en tirer profit .
Nous avons rassemblé pour vous les meilleurs bonus de casino en ligne pour que vous puissiez bien les choisir ici .
Mais assurez - vous de choisir une offre qui s’adapte à vos besoins spécifiques , c’est - à- dire à votre mise de fond .
Avant d’ouvrir un compte de casino , comparez les différentes offres de bonus et choisissez le meilleur bonus casino .
Vous voudrez chercher le bonus casino le plus élevé ou peut - être une égalité à pourcentage élevé .
Bonus Bienvenue sur notre site , la maison des meilleurs bonus de casino en ligne et bonus sans dépôt .
Des centaines de casinos en ligne de qualité et des milliers de bonus de casino disponibles , nous vous trouvez les meilleurs qui vous conviennent .
Par « vous » , nous entendons votre favori jeu de casino ( blackjack , poker , machines à sous , craps , baccarat , video poker , roulette , SicBo , bingo vous le nommez ) , le type de votre bonus et combien vous voulez vous amuser avec .
Nous sommes constamment en revue avec tous les casinos en ligne pour trouver les meilleurs bonusdisponibles pour différents jeux et le rang de chacun .
Visitez casino- en- ligne - canada.ca pour voir les bonus du casino au Canada et casino - en - ligne.lu pour voir les bonus au Luxembourg .
Casino Mobile
Les opérateurs de casino mobile attirent les joueurs pour créer de nouveaux comptes en offrant d’excellentes incitations .
Mais les bonus de casino mobile ne sont pas tous potentiellement rentable .
Vous pariez dans les casinos mobiles , assurez - vous de jouer aux jeux qui pourraient entraîner de bon gains non seulement en raison de coups de chance .
Rappelez - vous que beaucoup d’opérateurs offrent d’incroyables bonus de casino mobile à choisir .
Mais , comme c’est le cas quand vous jouez à des casinos en ligne respectifs , la parano ïa des chasseurs de bonus s’attaquera ainsi aux casinos mobiles , qui ne sont pas si intéressants , puisque les conditions de mise sont trop grosses pour avoir un avantage sur la maison .
Néanmoins , il existe une grande concurrence entre les opérateurs ; beaucoup d’entre eux sont justes et généreux , et seraient heureux de vous récompenser par des promotions rentables de bonus de casino mobile , des incitations très lucratives avec des conditions de mise fidèles ainsi qu’une vaste gamme de jeux mobiles autorisés pour les paris .
C’est pourquoi il importe de comparer les offres courantes de casinos mobiles .
Gardez à l’esprit que les opérateurs peuvent à chaque semaine introduire un tout nouveau bonus de casino mobile , lancer une compétition de Blackjack mobile avec pot de première classe ou organiser des tournois de poker mobile qui vous donne une chance de battre les meilleurs .
Afin de s’habituer au logiciel et de vérifier la compatibilité des périphériques , il existe deux modes de jeu , gratuitement ou pour de l’argent réel .
Outre quelques casinos mobiles offrent bonus de casino sans dépôt , même mobile .
Pour tester un casino mobile essayer d’abord de miser leur bonus sans dépôt de casino mobile , s’il était offert .
Mais pour battre les jeux de casino mobiles , vous devrez apprendre à prendre un avantage de l’offre de bonus .
Certains de ces bonus de casino mobile tournent à l’avantage de la maison alors qu’il existent normalement pour les joueurs de la maison .
Casinos sans Téléchargement
Vous aimez jouer , vous adorez l’atmosphère de casino et les jeux disponibles , mais vous vivez dans l’Iowa .
Qu’allez - vous faire ?
Vous avez entendu parler de toutes les options disponibles dans le monde du jeu en ligne , mais vous n’avez pas pris la peine parce que vous devez télécharger le logiciel de casino .
Ou bien que faire ?
C’est vrai , le monde du casino en ligne est en train de travailler encore plus dur pour faire appel à tous les acteurs potentiels et d’offrir une grande variété de jeux grâce à Flash , donc vous n’avez pas besoin de télécharger quoique ce soit .
N’hésitez pas à aller au plus grand et plus populaire des casinos en ligne qui offrent maintenant même la possibilité du jeu flash sans téléchargement et votre paiement immédiatement !
Casinos sans Téléchargement= moins d’objets indésirables sur votre ordinateur
Les avantages d’un casino sans téléchargement sont claires .
Pour commencer , vous n’ajoutez rien d’autre que des fichiers temporaires sur votre ordinateur et vous pouvez demeurer en situation de jeu en quelques minutes si vous le souhaitez .
Aussi , si vous souhaitez télécharger l’intégralité du site , mais aurait besoin d’un ordinateur performant pour avoir de l’espace , voici votre solution rapide .
Antérieurement , seuls quelques jeux sont offerts en versions flash , mais maintenant , vous pouvez facilement trouver plus d’une centaine .
Vous pouvez vous mettre en place et vous inscrire , fréquenter le site qui vous plait sans jamais encombrer votre espace disque avec quelque chose que vous jouez de temps en temps , pour les loisirs ou les deux .
Et tant que le jeu que vous voulez jouer est disponible , il n’y a vraiment pas besoin de télécharger quoi que ce soit !
Un casino sans téléchargement est une sympathique Mac Casino
Un nombre croissant de gens préfèrent Mac à PC .
Malheureusement , les options de jeux de casino pour les amateurs de casino Mac sont assez limitées – au moins si on souhaite télécharger le client complet du casino .
Vous pouvez contourner ce problème en choisissant des casinos sans téléchargement , qui vous permettent de jouer directement sur votre navigateur .
Ensuite , il n’y a pas besoin de télécharger le client du casino et en quelques secondes vous aurez un Mac en ligne .
Changer de Casino quand vous voulez
Voici une autre option de jeu de casino sans téléchargement qui s’inscrit dans la catégorie avantage .
Le montant de casinos disponibles pour jouer sans téléchargement vous propose des semaines de divertissement .
N’ayant rien à télécharger , vous pouvez naviguer de casino en casino comme si vous vous déplacez sur la bande de Las Vegas .
C’est un monde meilleur pour quelqu ’un qui aime jouer plutôt que d’avoir un casino indien à proximité .
Et si vous voulez télécharger votre casino préféré , ou votre site de poker favori , vous pouvez toujours jeter un coup d’œil dans le reste d’Internet , vous n’aurez pas besoin de télécharger quoi que ce soit pour obtenir votre dose de blackjack .
Il est parfait si vous êtes en déplacement et que vous vous retrouver dans une ville inconnue , ou une petite ville incroyablement à ne rien faire .
Prenez cette connexion Internet et profitez de n’importe quel nombre de casinos sans téléchargement .
La plupart des avantages sont faciles à voir et vous avez probablement votre propre liste de pourquoi ce serait un bon scénario pour vous .
Donc , si vous aimez jouer à des jeux de casino et vous ne vouleaz pas télécharger un logiciel , c’est OK , vous pouvez jouer en un éclair .
Jeu de mots .
A bike with a skull on it controlled by radio , scare the crap out of the pedestrian ...
HONOLULU — When Hawaii legislators reconvene on Wednesday , all eyes will be focused not on teacher furloughs that resulted in the nation 's shortest school year or the state 's $ 1 billion budget deficit , but legislation that would allow same - sex couples to form civil unions .
The measure would grant gay couples the rights and benefits the state provides to married couples and is among a handful of similar proposals that could pop up in several other states .
At the same time , a federal judge in San Francisco is considering the constitutionality of California 's same - sex marriage ban .
" This bill has already been voted on , so there is n't as much convincing to do anymore , " said Alan Spector of Equality Hawaii , a leading supporter of the bill .
" I think ( legislators ) get the substance of the bill and the need for the bill . "
Last year , the proposal easily won preliminary passage in the Legislature , but stalled in May after opponents lobbied and held a state Capitol rally attended by several thousand protesters .
Opponents , noting that this is an election year , cast doubt on claims that passage is at hand .
Critics , including the Catholic Diocese of Honolulu and scores of evangelical Protestant churches , hope another rally , this one planned for Sunday , will be large enough to convince wavering lawmakers to kill the measure .
" It 's up to the people who oppose civil unions to remind the legislators that they work for the people , " said Garret Hashimoto , chairman of the Hawaii Christian Coalition .
" There 's no ifs , ands or buts that the majority of the people in Hawaii oppose civil unions and gay marriage . "
No independent polls or surveys have been conducted on the issue , so it 's difficult to measure public sentiment .
The last time voters directly weighed in on a related issue was in 1998 when 70 percent approved a constitutional amendment allowing the Legislature to reserve marriage for opposite sex couples .
Elsewhere , at least one other state , New Mexico , appears poised to seriously consider a civil union measure .
Bills in Illinois and Minnesota also may surface .
Colorado , Wisconsin , Maryland and Maine have limited laws allowing same - gender civil unions .
Iowa , Vermont , New Hampshire , Massachusetts and Connecticut permit same - sex marriage .
In Hawaii , the measure would expand the state 's existing reciprocal beneficiaries law by granting to unmarried same - and opposite - gender couples all of the rights and benefits the state provides to married couples .
It is similar to broad civil union or domestic partnership laws in California , the District of Columbia , Nevada , Oregon , Washington and New Jersey .
The Hawaii legislation would have no impact on federal tax and other benefits that only apply to married opposite - sex couples .
According to 2000 census records , more than 1,200 male couples , 1,100 female couples and 21,100 mixed couples lived together in Hawaii .
Supporters voice guarded confidence that the bill , pending in the Senate since May , still enjoys majority support in both chambers .
But House Speaker Calvin Say , a Democrat , suggested the bill could stall in the House if the Senate vote turns out to be slim .
" If the bill limps over , " he said , " you know we do n't have the two - thirds , so why go through the exercise if the governor is going to veto ? "
Foes say the House , whose members face re-election every two years , will be a prime focus of their lobbying .
The number of no votes among House members has " changed tremendously , in our favor , " said former state Rep. Dennis Arakaki , head of the Hawaii Family Forum and Hawaii Catholic Conference .
" They are especially sensitive because they 're all up for election . "
Honolulu Catholic Bishop Larry Silva in a letter last week urged some 220,000 parishioners to lobby lawmakers .
He called civil unions " simply a euphemism " for gay marriage and claimed it is justifiable to discriminate against gay couples who want to marry .
Spector contended Silva was " trying to impose his Catholic faith ... upon all of Hawaii's residents . "
Republican Gov. Linda
Lingle has refused to say what she would do if the measure lands on her desk , though she recently urged lawmakers to shelve it , in favor of economic and budget matters .
------
Associated Press writer Mark Niesse contributed to this report .
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Titan Books is putting out an anthology of original Firefly stories , and Jane Espenson is writing one of them — a 2,000 - word tale about Kaylee and Wash .
( So , presumably , not all of the stories take place after the movie . )
No clue yet who 's writing the other stories — but any new Firefly is better than the drought we 've been enduring , even if it 's not the deluge we deserve .
In other Joss Whedon news , he addressed the controversy over the identity of Buffy The Vampire Slayer 's new Big Bad ( which is a huge spoiler , in case you 're avoiding those . )
And finally , I do n't think we ever reported officially that Whedon 's pomo horror movie Cabin In The Woods , a collaboration with Drew Goddard , was delayed from next month to January 2011 — but it was , reportedly to allow for converting it to 3 - D .
Advertisement
Blackest Night : Wonder Woman # 3
Writer : Greg Rucka
Pencils : Nicola Scott
Inks : Jonathan Glapion
Colors : Nei Ruffino
DC Comics
February 3 , 2010
Nicola Scott ’s rendering of Wonder Woman makes me want to go to the gym in the worst way .
I mean that as a compliment , because Scott manages to make heroines ’ bodies womanly , strong and distinctive without ever slipping into G - cup exaggeration .
Her art is the best thing about this third and final chapter of Blackest Night : Wonder Woman , which is a bit of a letdown after the action - packed , emotionally charged second issue .
Frankly , I started to feel a little sorry for Mera , who , as a Red Lantern , was reduced to incoherent rage and red goo -spewing .
Not a good look .
( Spoilers ahead )
But if this issue lacked the surprise factor of its predecessor , it ’s still a perfectly good read .
There are some great panels of Wonder Woman continuing to lay the smack down on Maxwell Lord ’s trash - talking corpse .
( Note to villains : Bondage jokes are always a bad idea . )
And BatWondy ’ 10 crusaders were rewarded , however modestly , with another acknowledgment of Diana ’s feelings for Bruce .
As Wonder Woman attempts to calm Mera ’s rage , she binds her with her lasso , giving both women access to the other ’s dreams and disappointments .
The splash page of that moment conveys plenty about the sacrifices Diana and Mera have made in the fulfillment of their royal / heroic duty .
Wonder Woman ’s explanation of her silence about Bruce is appropriately dignified and poignant : “ There was nothing that ever needed saying . ”
Swoon !
I know it ’s corny , but when Hal shows up in the final panel with the Rainbow Rodeo and declares , “ We ’re going to kick this night ’s ass , ” I was all , “ Hell , yeah ! ” Overall , Blackest Night : Wonder Woman has been one of the more enjoyable event tie-ins , and this issue offered a solid return on my $ 2.99 .
By the way , is it just me , or does Greg Horn ’s cover make Diana a dead ringer for Jennifer Lopez ?
The central chapter of the Memorabilia ( III.3 ) tells of a conversation Socrates had with an unnamed cavalry commander .
That commander was quite clueless how to do anything except make better horsemen ( he did n’t know how to get them ready for war , whether or not he should check the condition of the horses , how to speak to the riders , etc ) .
That may be the strongest hint that the clueless commander was Xenophon himself ; he ends
Art of Horsemanship saying that his rules are for riders in their private capacity ( AofH XII 14 ) , and that his “ Cavalry Commander ” is a separate work .
Xenophon gives the distinct impression there is a division in his thought that may not always have existed .
The significance of this for those of us who work on “ the problem of Socrates ” is that it is yet another response to Aristophanes ’
Clouds : Xenophon implies that he was once a version of Phedippides , the fictional insolent youth in love with horses taught the unjust speech by Socrates .
And Xenophon is silently emphatic that Socratic speech is most unlike Aristophanes ’ parody .
He does not name himself partly because testimonials are for a very shallow sort of reader .
The present concern is a post - dissertation project ; my Greek is not good enough to translate the work entirely and sort through all the wordplay that make Xenophon ’s simplicity far more labyrinthine .
Still , a few notes are in order .
The treatise of course serves a practical purpose , and much of its advice is considered sound despite being over 2000 years old .
The Loeb edition of Xenophon ’s Scripta Minora ( ed. Jeffrey Henderson , copyright 1968 ) has an introduction which compares Xenophon ’s writing with various vases , reliefs and actual ancient horse - riding equipment ( bits , muzzles , etc. ) .
Our concern follows from IX 2 : “ … it is necessary , therefore , to know this : that spirit ( thumos ) in a horse is the very thing which is anger ( orgei ) in man ” ( my translation ; quotes that follow are from E.C. Marchant unless otherwise noted ) .
This is not even an analogy : something of the beast is in man himself .
The question is whether the thumotic ( higher spirit ) of the animal is lower in man .
While anger in man seems lower than thumos in man – anger does not necessarily call forth nobility or courage – the truth is that horse and rider are linked most directly .
Xenophon does not continue as if man or horse were particularly differentiable :
Therefore , just as you are least likely to make a man angry if you neither say nor do anything disagreeable to him , so he who abstains from annoying a spirited horse is least likely to rouse his anger .
Accordingly , at the moment of mounting , the rider should take care to worry him as little as possible ; and when he is mounted , he should let him stand still longer than is otherwise usual , and then direct him to go by the most gentle aids .
Then let him begin at a very slow pace and increase the speed with the same gentle help , so that the horse will not be aware of the transition to a quicker motion .
Any sudden sign disturbs a spirited horse , just as sudden sights and sounds and sensations disturb a man ( IX 2 - 4 ) .
Again , without getting into the Greek , which could refute my tentative argument : if man is made more sensitive by nobility – he puts up with little that is mannerless or seemingly disgraceful – then we can conceive of man becoming angry very easily .
The treatment of horse and man is an education of a sort , and one could make the case that the horse is more persuaded by gentleness than man .
In any case , the horse as higher - spiritedness recalls the Phaedrus , where we are given a chariot image for the soul .
There ’s a rider , a black horse , and a white horse .
The black horse seems to be linked to the baser appetites – sex and eating , that which lies underneath the heart ( the seat of thumos ) .
The black horse is chomping at the bit , pushing the chariot forward at the least sight , etc .
There ’s a white horse which is very attentive to the rider and responsive to praise : that horse , strictly speaking , is thumotic .
Reason uses higher passion , the call to nobility , to govern the lower passions .
I suspect something a bit different is happening in this work .
The rider is seated directly on the horse , and the points of contact are more than a practical issue for Xenophon .
He takes time , of course , to describe the horse ’s legs and how much attention should be paid to them .
They are going to enable the rider / horse combination to become something almost superhuman :
… [ the horse ] must be tested in all the particulars in which he is tested by war .
These include springing across ditches , leaping over walls , rushing up banks , jumping down from banks .
One must also try him by riding up and down hill and on a slope .
All these experiments prove whether his spirit is strong and his body sound ( III 7 ) .
It does n’t take a lot of imagination to realize at what speed the horse will be moving while doing these things : one will be moving in the manner of the Olympians across Earth if done right .
The eleventh chapter is about parading , and how to make a whole cavalry unit look fearsome ( get all the horses to be hyped up by the leader ’s strutting , but still stay under control ) , and the last chapter includes a description of armoring horse and rider : the look that would be projected would be fearsome , to say the least .
Now none of this is without irony : the more one armors a horse well , the more the armor covers both horse and rider , blending the two .
And the more one does this , the more Persian cavalry becomes .
Aristotle early in the Politics tells us the difference between Greek and barbarian is that a Greek can tell the difference between a woman and a slave .
There is something about the soul / mind relation here that is deforming mind , perhaps .
Socrates in Memorabilia III.3.14 only mentions equippage of the horses and riders in passing .
Socrates is most emphatic that the cavalry commander can speak to the riders well ( Mem. III.3.11 ) .
That ’s a good enough place as any to end these reflections : Xenophon is fairly silent in his early chapters on treating a horse badly in any way , and emphatic in his later chapters that the horse should be treated well and encouraged to do its best , which it will do under certain conditions naturally .
High - spiritedness is natural ; we note that a horse most certainly does not understand human speech , but can receive other signals from the mouth ( a “ chirp ” or a “ clack ” are two Xenophon discusses ) .
Xenophon tells his riders to never approach a horse in anger ( AofH VI 13 - 15 ) ; one wonders if part of the problem is redundancy .
It looks like high - spiritedness starts in anger and can evolve into something more – a desire to be godlike – but that there are clear limits to how far mind can condescend to this desire .
Mind is pretty much reduced to patience in the Art of Horsemanship ; the rider gives rewards or punishments literally , there is no question of valuation .
The more one formally “ merges ” with the horse , the more one is prioritizing one conception of life beyond all others .
We note that the Centaur – half horse / half man – had uncontrollable appetites and immense power .
Nobility depends on power , seeks power : but the most noble man is not the most powerful man .
NASA to Launch Human - Like Robot to Join Space Station Crew
NASA will launch the first human - like robot to space later this year to become a permanent resident of the International Space Station .
Robonaut 2 , or R2 , was developed jointly by NASA and General Motors under a cooperative agreement to develop a robotic assistant that can work alongside humans , whether they are astronauts in space or workers at GM manufacturing plants on Earth .
The 300 - pound R2 consists of a head and a torso with two arms and two hands .
R2 will launch on space shuttle Discovery as part of the STS - 133 mission planned for September .
Once aboard the station , engineers will monitor how the robot operates in weightlessness .
R2 will be confined to operations in the station 's Destiny laboratory .
However , future enhancements and modifications may allow it to move more freely around the station 's interior or outside the complex .
" This project exemplifies the promise that a future generation of robots can have both in space and on Earth , not as replacements for humans but as companions that can carry out key supporting roles , " said John Olson , director of NASA 's Exploration Systems Integration Office at NASA Headquarters in Washington .
" The combined potential of humans and robots is a perfect example of the sum equaling more than the parts .
It will allow us to go farther and achieve more than we can probably even imagine today .
"
The dexterous robot not only looks like a human but also is designed to work like one .
With human - like hands and arms , R2 is able to use the same tools station crew members use .
In the future , the greatest benefits of humanoid robots in space may be as assistants or stand - in for astronauts during spacewalks or for tasks too difficult or dangerous for humans .
For now , R2 is still a prototype and does not have adequate protection needed to exist outside the space station in the extreme temperatures of space .
Testing the robot inside the station will provide an important intermediate environment .
R2 will be tested in microgravity and subjected to the station 's radiation and electromagnetic interference environments .
The interior operations will provide performance data about how a robot may work side - by - side with astronauts .
As development activities progress on the ground , station crews may be provided hardware and software to update R2 to enable it to do new tasks .
R2 is undergoing extensive testing in preparation for its flight .
Vibration , vacuum and radiation testing along with other procedures being conducted on R2 also benefit the team at GM .
The automaker plans to use technologies from R2 in future advanced vehicle safety systems and manufacturing plant applications .
" The extreme levels of testing R2 has undergone as it prepares to venture to the International Space Station are on par with the validation our vehicles and components go through on the path to production , " said Alan Taub , vice president of GM 's global research and development .
" The work done by GM and NASA engineers also will help us validate manufacturing technologies that will improve the health and safety of our GM team members at our manufacturing plants throughout the world .
Partnerships between organizations such as GM and NASA help ensure space exploration , road travel and manufacturing can become even safer in the future . "
Fact : I love everything sports .
And I have especially enjoyed watching the Vancouver Winter Olympics the past two weeks .
But truth - be - told it ’s hard to ignore the ugly side dominating the Games behind the scenes .
It ’s working people in Vancouver that will suffer the brunt of the Olympic financial burdens .
First the good .
It was exciting to see speed skaters Shani Davis and Apolo Ohno win medals for the U.S. Ohno has become the most decorated American winter Olympian of all time .
And well Davis , who is African American , is from my home town Chicago .
Big ups .
Then there is snowboarder Shaun White , who won the gold in the sport after defying gravity .
And Lindsey Vonn who despite her injuries took gold in downhill skiing .
Watching both athletes compete and win medals for the U.S. was way cool .
The Chinese veteran duo and couple Shen Xue and Zhao Hongbo also won me over .
They won gold in the pair ’s figure - skating on Valentines Day .
Their personal story , their focus and determination was truly inspiring and a pleasure to watch .
South Korea ’s Kim Yuna won the gold in women ’s figure skating .
She was truly beautiful and elegant and nailed every technique in her captivating routine .
Canada ’s Joannie Rochette won the bronze in women ’s figure skating .
She also won the hearts of millions worldwide .
Days before the competition Rochette ’s mother unexpectedly died .
Rochette showed so much strength and emotion on the ice .
Skating to honor her mother she showed so much heart and Olympic spirit .
It was very moving .
The personal stories and accomplishments of athletes like these personify what it means to compete in the Olympics .
Their talents , skills and dedication remind me why I appreciate sportsmanship and why sports are so important to people in every corner of the world .
Okay , now the bad .
The games began on a very somber note with the loss of Georgian luger Nodar Kumaritashvili who tragically died when he lost control of his sled during a practice run .
Critics say the International Organizing Committee ( IOC ) acted in cold - blood and arrogantly despite past complaints that the track was dangerous .
Meanwhile residents of Vancouver are expected to be haunted for years to come due to the rising costs of the Games .
For example security costs alone , first estimated at $ 165 million , are now headed toward $ 1 billion .
Sources say the operating budget includes a $ 423 million in emergency money from the IOC .
The city and Vancouver taxpayers are looking at nearly $ 1 billion in debt from bailing out the Olympic Village development .
All this as people in Vancouver and British Columbia , Canada continue to see cuts in services like education , health care and arts financing from their provisional government , which is stuck with other Olympics - related costs .
More costs and debt is expected to mount despite how the global economic crisis has already affected Vancouver and Canada as a whole .
Behind the Olympics there ’s a dark - side , and it ’s called money .
Sports columnists
Dave Zirin says rather than promoting sportsmanship , the Olympics in the hands of the IOC is all a gigantic fraud and can be a parasite for the host city .
The IOC is a “ sewing circle of monarchists , extortionists , and absolved fascists – that like to hide behind the pretense of nobility , ” wrote Zirin in The Progressive .
The IOC , he says , “ claims to care not for profit or personal gain .
Just the glory of ‘ Olympism . ' ”
But what trumps these grand “ ethics , ” notes Zirin , is the reality of what makes the IOC go ’round : television ratings and corporate dollars .
“ And if corporations ca n’t come up with the money , then cities and host countries pay through the nose , ” says Zirin .
Zirin says the Olympics should be held at one permanent site because it would eliminate the corrupt bidding process , take the pressure off nations to make bids , and remove much of the behind - the - scenes dealings .
By blotting out both the corruption and corporate feeding frenzy that surround the Games , there would be more space for the spirit of sport to emerge .
That makes sense to me .
Because the Olympics should be about the beauty of sports and competition without the beast of corporate profits .
Photo : South Korea ’s Kim Yu - Na performs her short program during the women ’s figure skating competition at the Vancouver 2010 Olympics , Feb. 23 .
Mark Baker / AP
Neanderthals were different from you and me , the thinking goes , because they were cognitively inferior .
For one thing , they appeared to be incapable of symbolic thinking , of using something to represent something else .
Some humans in Africa , for example , adorned their bodies with stained seashells more than 100,000 years ago .
To them , a shell was n’t just a shell , but a way to signify individuality .
But evidence of similar behavior by Neanderthals has been discounted .
Now , though , archeologists working in the Murcia region of southeastern Spain report in The Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences that they have found solid signs that Neanderthals were using seashells in a decorative and symbolic way .
Image A shell discovered in Spain that dates from about 50,000 years ago .
This composite image shows the natural color of the interior on the left , and the external side , which may at one time have been painted to match , on the right .
Credit ...
João Zilhão
João Zilhão of the University of Bristol in England and colleagues studied shells found in two caves far from the shoreline and dating from about 50,000 years ago , 10,000 years before modern humans showed up in Europe .
Well , damn .
I wondered why my article on Wizards layoffs in August was suddenly getting hits , and it ’s because there are more – a lot more .
Lisa Stevens of Paizo confirms on ENWorld that the layoffs include :
Randy Buehler ( VP of digital gaming )
Andrew Finch ( director of digital games )
Stacy Longstreet ( senior art director )
Julia Martin ( editor )
William Meyers ( creative manager , digital design )
Dave Noonan ( game designer )
Jennifer Paige ( online community manager ) ( aka Solice )
Jennifer Powers ( marketing )
Jonathan Tweet ( game designer )
Shockingly big names !
And it sucks that it ’s right before the holidays , but that ’s all trying to make your year - end numbers look good .
So what does this mean for WotC strategy ?
They just cut a lot of their digital guys .
Are they giving up ?
Or just taking a huge setback ?
Cutting down on 4 e ’ers is n’t unexpected – people are saying it ’s not performing to expectation and heck , they cut people after the 3e launch too .
My personal favorite here is Tweet – IMO , too talented to be working on D&D , though I ’m sure a regular paycheck and health benefits were saying otherwise .
Time for a new version of Over the Edge or Unknown Armies !!!
I ’d love to see Tweet land with Pelgrane , Paizo , or even Hidden City Games if they are going to do more RPGs than just Donut or whatnot .
He did a lot with Atlas but they ’ve about given up on RPGs .
Heck , apparently Mongoose is growing like crazy …
Anyway , best of luck to all the newly jobless .
Note by Joe Fortunato : Awesome piece Smurf so I am bumping you to the main page .
I would just like to add something quick to all of you .
Do n't forget that while this trade was made to " help " the offense , it was primarily made to rid the Rangers of some unnecessary contracts .
The main " part " of this deal is taking Kotalik off the cap .
To be honest , this move is not going to save the Rangers , and Sather knows it .
It was simply a move to help the offense and clear cap space in case the Rangers miss the playoffs .
Just keep that in mind .
Anyway on to Smurf :
With about 25 games to go and a trade meant to boost our offense now complete , I thought it would be worth looking at our lineup now compared to certain groups of teams , and see if the addition of Jokinen allows us to be comparable .
As usual , I 'll be focusing on the even strength numbers , as while the PP is important , games are mostly played at even strength and studies have shown that ES play is what correlates to wins .
To begin , lets look at a summary of the top 5 teams currently in the NHL standings ( by Pt % ) : Wash , SJ , Chi , Buf , and NJ .
I have sorted each of these teams by TOI / 60 , which will give a generalization of the individual lines on a team .
Then I averaged the 5 teams to see what their numbers look like .
Here 's what you get :
Goals /60
1.21 0.852 1.124 0.912 0.826 0.714 0.862 0.698 0.84
Points/60
2.754 2.472 2.398 2.11 1.868 1.708 1.884 1.682 1.834
So what we see is 4 players high ( 2+ ) level players , complemented by guys who are in the 1.6 - 1.9 range .
Of those players , they average about a 3:4 goal to assist ratio .
Now lets take a look at the Rangerscurrent lineup .
For consistency , I will sort our forwards by TOI / 60 as well .
That gives us groups of Gaborik - Prospal - Jokinen , Dubinsky - Callahan - Drury , and Avery - Christensen - Anisimov :
Goals /60
Points/60
1.43 0.38 0.57
2.93 1.89 1.79 0.66 0.4 0.74
2.07 0.88 1.4 0.29 0.33 0.75
1.33 1.5 1.59
It should be pretty clear that despite trading off Higgins and Kotalik to add on Jokinen , this team still clearly trails the elite teams , especially in goal scoring , where only Gaborik , Drury and Anisimov have scored goals at a rate capable of cracking the high scoring ( Was / SJ / Chi ) teams .
In addition , only Dubinsky and Jokinen could be added to crack the top 9 of the lower scoring BUF and NJ teams .
Similarly , only Gaborik , Prospal , Dubinsky and Jokinen are producing points at a rate capable of being top 9 on an elite team .
Now you might say " But Smurf , obviously they 're not an elite team , this is meant to push them to a playoff spot .
Fair enough .
Let 's look at the teams currently jostling with the Rangers for playoff position , PHI , MTL , TB , FLA , ATL , BOS and NYI :
Goals /60
Points/60
0.913 0.771 0.756
2.073 1.921 1.841 0.730 0.614 0.794
1.766 1.789 1.651 0.720 0.760 0.486
1.543 1.447 1.281
What we see among these teams is a noticeable drop off from the elite teams , but still fairly productive rosters .
Only 16/63 forwards average less than 0.50 goals per ice time , and as reflected a good majority average in the .7-.8 range , again an area where only 3 ( Gaborik , Drury , Anisimov ) Rangers reside .
From the point scoring side , while our top 4 ( Gaborik , Prospal , Jokinen , Dubinsky ) are consistent with what these teams will produce , we have a series of 3rd line production behind it .
Now does this tell us much we did n't already know ?
Not really .
But it does show that the replacing Higgins ( 0.48 goals , 1.12 pts ) with Jokinen ( Kotalik 's ice time was 4th line eligible does give us a slight boost , but it does n't mask the lack of secondary scoring that still presides over the team .
A comic found its way here even though Wes and Tony woke up underneath the Golden Gate Bridge .
The idea of Microsoft releasing Visual Studio for Unix and Linux was once - quite literally - a joke .
Not only was Visual Studio only built for Windows , but Microsoft 's licensing had prevented people using its premier development environment with non-Windows platforms .
Now , there 's a little less to laugh about .
Microsoft partner Novell has delivered a plug - in designed to help Visual Studio developers easily build , debug , test , and port applications built using C# in Visual Studio 2005 to Linux , Unix , and OS X .
The plug - in has Microsoft 's full blessing .
Mono Tools for Visual Studio , released today , lets developers use their existing knowledge of the IDE 's code and tools to target these non-Windows platforms .
An update is already in the works for Visual Studio 2008 with support also planned for Apple 's iPhone .
The plug - in targets Windows developers who want to build .NET applications , build appliances , and cloud images using Mono for Linux , Unix , and OS X .
It 's based on Mono , the open - source implementation of .NET led by Miguel de Icaza and bought by Novell several years back .
Mono Tools for Visual Studio includes a debugging engine , integration with Visual Studio pull - down menus , and out - of - the box integration with SuSE Studio Online , a Novell service that lets you roll your own Linux distro by wrapping up packages , database , files and configuration for use on things like appliances .
You could target non-Windows platforms in Visual Studio before , but the set up was cumbersome and there was no standard way to build and transfer code between Windows and non-Windows environments .
The work in Mono Tools for Visual Studio has focused on ASP.
NET and Windows Forms , rather than Mono's Graphical User Interface Toolkit - GTK # .
de Icaza told The Reg : " We are looking at bringing Windows developers to Linux . "
Microsoft said in a statement Mono Tools for Visual Studio enriched the Visual Studio ecosystem and made it possible for developers targeting .NET to gain " additional value " from their Microsoft tools and skills .
Mono Tools for Visual Studio is available in three editions : Professional priced $ 99 that targets individuals , Enterprise for one developer in an organization is priced $ 249 , and Ultimate priced $ 2,499 for an limited commercial license to redistribute Mono on Windows , Linux , and Mac OS X .
That includes five enterprise developer licenses . ®
Dr. Dan Lloyd , a ' neuro - philospher ' from Trinity College in Connecticut , experiments with patterns found in brain activity .
The results are intricate musical scores that play with the tender overlap of philosophy , science , and art .
In recent years , neural science has gifted philosophers with the technology to look at the human brain .
This technological advance reveals an informative relationship between science and the philosophical study of consciousness .
Drug offenders could spend less time in jail and more time in rehabilitation programs under a sentencing - reform proposal that debuted at the state Capitol on Tuesday with widespread support and the goal of curbing repeat offenses .
The plan would lower the penalties for people found in possession of up to 4 grams of most drugs , shaving years off sentences and saving the state money by vacating prison beds , advocates said .
The savings — which doubters argue may never materialize — could provide the first large and reliable funding stream to treat drug offenders ’ addictions .
The legislation also marks the first time lawmakers stand a chance at large - scale drug - sentencing reform , said a variety of backers who include prosecutors , public defenders , law enforcement , community advocates and the governor .
State Public Defender Doug Wilson said the bill “ had a 100 percent chance of passing ” and that its chief accomplishment would be drawing a more clear distinction between drug users and drug dealers .
“ Colorado is starting to recognize that locking people up in prison for what is essentially a disease is not a way to cut recidivism , ” Wilson said .
House Bill 1352 would lower sentences for criminals facing charges for using and possessing drugs , but stiffen penalties for those who deal drugs to children .
One in five of Colorado ’s 22,600 inmates landed in prison for primary drug offenses , though not all would qualify for lighter sentences , according to Attorney General John Suthers , who backs the bill .
Anti-drug groups including the Cañon City - based Christian Drug Education Center worry about the message that lowered penalties for drugs such as marijuana would send to kids already seeing a boom in medical - marijuana use , founder Beverly Kinard said .
Illegal pot users would be able to carry up to 12 ounces before facing felony charges under the bill .
The current cap is 8 ounces .
Denver District Attorney Mitch Morrissey can’t see how the lesser sentences — the difference between up to six years and up to 18 months in most cases — would save the system money and argued allowing users to carry up to 4 grams would worsen already difficult problems of dealing in urban areas .
Fragmented streams of federal and state money for community rehabilitation programs have left a hodgepodge of facilities statewide that the justice community is uncertain can handle an influx of offenders .
Backers hope that savings states like Washington and Kansas have seen following their own reforms will bolster those programs in Colorado , said bill sponsor Rep. Mark Waller , R- Colorado Springs .
The legislation does n’t go as far as some would like .
Co-sponsor Sen . Pat Steadman , D - Denver , sees HB 1352 as a move closer to diverting a broader range of offenders to rehabilitation programs instead of jail .
Next up ?
Low - level drug dealers who sell to feed their addictions , he said .
“ This is the first step in reforming our drug - sentencing laws , ” he said .
Jessica Fender : 303-954-1244 or jfender@denverpost.com
Since we started 2010 , i thought i could explain what we have now on the ARM camp @ Gentoo .
( WARN : long post )
I started playing with the ARM stuff on Gentoo back in September 2008 .
Gentoo already supported ARM since the first days , around 2003 .
Until i joined the ARM team , there was only binary repositories and stages for armv4l - unknown - linux - gnu .
That made us a bit outdated , as the other major ARM distro , Debian , was using the new ARM EABI , deprecating the old one .
I saw that apart from the famous NSLU2 which was a bit outdated for 2008 and the Rebel Netwinder which does n’t support the new ARM EABI ( due to its processor ) , Debian was supporting new devices with the Marvell Orion SoC .
I thought that would be a good starting point , as it was used on NAS devices , replacements of the slow NSLU2 .
That SoC is used in devices from QNAP , Buffalo … Another SoC was the Intel IOP , which devices like the ones from Thecus were using .
Both SoC along with the one in the NSLU2 ( Intel IXP4xx ) were based on the ARMv5TE architecture .
I contacted Thecus regarding a hardware donation to make Gentoo work on their devices .
Unfortunately Intel was EOL’ing its IXP4xx , and so was Thecus , therefore support for a device which would stop selling in weeks was n’t very appealing .
I then looked at the Marvell Orion SoC and i decided to contact QNAP , since they also supported Debian .
They agreed to provide us a QNAP TS409 , which I received and started working on it as soon as I bought a SATA HDD .
That made possible that we release armv5tel - softfloat - linux - gnueabi and armv4tl - softfloat - linux - gnueabi stages along with binary repositories , which could be used on all the devices i mentioned above .
Along with the documentation for using Gentoo in the TS409 .
Later I blindly documented the installation for the TS109 / TS209 , since the TS409 was a bit expensive and users bought either the TS109 or TS209 .
Later in March 2009 , thanks to Marvell we got an also famous and NSLU2 - killer Marvell Sheevaplug .
I also documented the installation on the device ( pretty much the next week after i received it ! ) , meaning that it was the first distribution to support it officially .
Unfortunately , all the devices we got were only ARMv5TE , meaning that we could n’t provide ARMv6 and ARM v7 stages nor binary packages .
The latter were the important ones due to the popularity of the BeagleBoard among embedded enthusiasts .
On August 2009 , the TS409 board broke .
Since I got it , it always had an issue that it took a bit to get it booting ( as in the processor did n’t initialize ) .
I found a workaround , that it was simply putting weight on the processor .
I ’ve been told by some engineers ( * NOT * from QNAP ) that it was due to bad soldering , and that i could n’t do anything to fix it since that mean resoldering all the processor .
I also was n’t able to do it , as I do n’t have the knowledge nor the tools .
This workaround meant that if the board got moved ( I had it at home ) , it would hang .
At the end this workaround got worse , and it stopped working .
I contacted QNAP about it and to see if they would like us to support their newer devices based on the SoC used in the Marvell Sheevaplug .
I ’m still waiting an answer since September 2009 .
I did n’t even got a “ No , we ’re not interested ” ( and i’ve insisted three times ) .
That meant that we were unable to build the monthly autobuilt stage3 , as catalyst ( our stagebuilding / release tool ) does n’t work over NFS ( / me kicks agaffney ) .
And I had the Sheevaplug working through NFS - Root as i did n’t have any USB HDD .
I only had a now unused SATA HDD i bought for the QNAP .
Fortunately , Marvell donated us a Marvell Discovery Innovation MV78100 board ( Debian and Ubuntu had boards as well ) .
I would like to say a big THANK YOU to them for their support , and their engineers as well .
That would allow us to resume our work on stagebuilding and binary repositories .
Also we could build armv4l stages , since the processor on the QNAP board i got had an errata that made it hang when using old ABI binaries , which obviously made impossible build stages for it .
As I commented in other blogpost , we we ’re looking for ARM v7 hardware ( and we still are , i’m not the only one on the ARM team ) , to allow us building of stages and binary repositories for the upcoming ARM - based netbooks / smartbooks that use the ARM v7 processor .
Some people were already building their own stages , like the Neuvoo project ( previously known as gentoo - pandora ) and the Gentoo on the N8x0 project , building stages and binary repositories for ARMv7A and ARMv6J respectively .
However those are n’t official projects and to be honest , its not fun having users to report bugs that only happen on arm v6 / armv7 and you ca n’t reproduce them to fix them as you lack the hardware .
And * NO * , qemu is n’t a solution .
If the users are using real hardware , the devs should too .
Thanks to Genesi USA we now have an Efika MX through their powerdeveloper.org program which is capable of building the stages and binary repositories .
Also a big THANK YOU for them too !
Thanks to all the history i wrote above , we now have the following binary repositories and monthly autobuilds of stage3 :
armv4l-unknown - linux - gnu
The minimal CPU , this stage and binary repositories are designed to work on the Rebel NetWinder and other devices having an ARM v4 processor , which is only capable of running the old ABI .
Nevertheless it should work on newer CPUs .
The minimal CPU , this stage and binary repositories are designed to work on the Rebel NetWinder and other devices having an ARM v4 processor , which is only capable of running the old ABI .
Nevertheless it should work on newer CPUs .
armv4tl - softfloat - linux - gnueabi
This CPU is present on the OpenMoko FreeRunner , which by the way there are a lot of users using Gentoo on their FreeRunner .
It uses the new ARM EABI and uses software floating point by default .
This CPU is present on the OpenMoko FreeRunner , which by the way there are a lot of users using Gentoo on their FreeRunner .
It uses the new ARM EABI and uses software floating point by default .
armv5tel - softfloat- linux - gnueabi
This CPU is present on probably all the NAS devices that use an ARM CPU .
It uses the new ARM EABI and uses software floating point by default .
This CPU is present on probably all the NAS devices that use an ARM CPU .
It uses the new ARM EABI and uses software floating point by default .
armv6j-unknown-linux-gnueabi
This CPU is used on the Nokia N800 , Nokia N810 and Smart Q7 , along with other multimedia devices .
It uses the new ARM EABI and uses hardware floating point by default , since AFAIK all the ARMv6 + CPUs have VFP .
This CPU is used on the Nokia N800 , Nokia N810 and Smart Q7 , along with other multimedia devices .
It uses the new ARM EABI and uses hardware floating point by default , since AFAIK all the ARMv6 + CPUs have VFP .
armv7a-unknown - linux - gnueabi
This CPU is used on the OMAP - based devices ( Beagleboard , IGEPv2 , Devkit8000 , AlwaysInnovating Touchbook , Nokia N900 … ) , Freescale i.MX515 - based devices ( like the Efika MX , Babbage Board , Lange Board… ) , Marvell Dove / Armada , Samsung S5PC100 - based devices , Qualcomm Snapdragon - based devices …
And i believe thats pretty much it .
Hope you had a fun read 🙂
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
The ski resort has enjoyed a bumper season so far The CairnGorm Mountain ski centre in the Highlands will be closed for the day - because of too much snow .
After a two - day blizzard , the operators have had to bring in huge caterpillar vehicles and snow blowers to try to clear the approach road and the slopes .
Colin Matthew , operations manager at the centre near Aviemore , said roads were blocked by 15ft snow drifts .
He said parts of the funicular railway track up the mountain and the ski-tows had been covered by snow .
Mr Matthew said : " It has blocked our access roads with about 15 ft of snow and further up the mountain the drifting has buried our funicular railway track in about 10 places , and the tunnel mouth , and some of our ski - tow towers are just sticking out of the snow . "
Clear the roads
He said a major clearing operation needed to take place before it could be opened to the public .
" We had to contract in huge 17 - tonne caterpillar earth - movers , " Mr Matthew added .
" They have spent two days now working about 18 hours a day trying to clear the roads .
" We have got a single - track road up to our car park and we have to get snow - blowers in to widen the roads and make it two - way traffic before we get the public up . "
The CairnGorm Mountain has been enjoying a bumper winter .
It has had its best Christmas holiday season in 14 years , with more than 8,000 skiers and snowboarders using its runs over a four - day period following Christmas Day .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Chances are , the last time you bought cheese , you did n’t ponder the ethical implications of your purchase .
But American artisanal cheesemakers , many of whom went into the business for their own ethical reasons , are prompting consumers to consider such concerns .
Cowgirl Creamery , in Point Reyes Station , California , offers one typical message on its website : “ In buying farmstead cheese rather than industrially produced cheese , you will support the fine art of farmstead cheesemaking , …help to ensure jobs in rural areas , and contribute to protecting farmlands from development . ”
This is one of the observations Heather Paxson , a fellow at the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study , intends to present in the book she is writing this year ( tentatively titled “ Cheese Cultures ” ) .
Paxson — an associate professor of anthropology at MIT and the author of a 2004 book on Greek women ’s changing attitudes toward family planning — specializes in the anthropology of the everyday : how individuals connect themselves to a web of social norms through their actions , and how those actions , en masse , shape the norms .
Her attention turned from Greece to cheese when she began noticing moralistic language on cheese labels .
She spent five years researching the book , visiting 44 cheesemakers — mostly in Vermont , Wisconsin , and northern California .
( The book ’s first chapter will be an ethnographic description of daily life at Vermont Shepherd Farm , where she spent two weeks living and working alongside proprietor David Major ’ 83 . )
American artisanal cheesemakers — defined by Paxson as those who use sensory evaluation in their cheesemaking , such as running a finger through freshly set curd to decide if it ’s ready to cut — number just under 400 .
A handful of creameries have been making cheese for a century or more , passing down the knowledge through generations , but Paxson says artisanal cheesemaking in the United States began picking up speed in the 1980s , “ as an offshoot of the back - to - the - land movement . ”
These new cheesemakers looked to time - tested methods , visiting Europe or corresponding with farmers there to determine which types of cheese and which grazing animals did well in climates analogous to the locations of their own creameries .
American cheesemakers could not imitate European methods without considering the French concept of terroir : the notion that a product such as wine or cheese is more than its ingredient list — that it contains some essence of the land , the place , and the methods that produced it .
In observing how her research subjects spoke about terroir , Paxson determined that they are crafting their own uniquely American definition of the term .
For Europeans , continuity through history is a crucial ingredient of terroir .
To make this point , Paxson quotes the website of the French cheese Comté , which notes that records of the farmers ’ cooperative that still produces the cheese date back to the thirteenth century .
But in the relatively young United States — and in its even younger artisanal cheesemaking industry — terroir must rely on something else .
As they start up their operations , American cheesemakers are inventing recipes , introducing grazing animals , and in some cases converting land previously used for intensive farming .
And so in the United States , terroir becomes a matter of process .
The result fits well with certain elements ( some would say stereotypes ) of the American character : the Puritan work ethic , the need for constant activity .
“ In its American incarnation , rooted in the Lockean virtue of improving society through improving the land , ” says Paxson , “ terroir is n’t something to discover ; it ’s something to do . ”
Another feature of the European system is equally unpalatable to Americans : regulation and standardization .
The European Union ’s Protected Designation of Origin system , and individual countries ’ older analogous systems ( such as France ’s Appellation d’origine contrôlée ) , dictate what breed of animal a farmer must use , and what the animal can and cannot eat ( with exact percentages ) , to sell cheese labeled Camembert de Normandie or Gruyère .
( The feeding regulations for Parmigiano Reggiano dairy cows , to take one example from Italy , run nine pages . )
“ It ’s difficult to imagine American entrepreneurs embracing this degree of bureaucracy , ” says Paxson .
Where European cheeses are standardized by region , encouraging uniformity , American artisanal cheesemakers ’ stock in trade is individuality — another way in which the artisanal cheese world resembles a microcosm of the country itself .
For instance , David Major ’s description of Vermont Shepherd assures connoisseurs that every wheel of the cave - aged cheese , made from raw sheep ’s milk , “ is distinctive .
The flavor is sweet , rich , and earthy , with hints of clover , wild mint , and thyme . ”
Such an aesthetically focused description might sound like something written in France ( where , Paxson notes , palate development is part of the national school curriculum ) .
But on the Vermont Shepherd website , it appears within a rhapsody on how the cheese is made and who makes it .
Paxson believes Americans are coming around to a sensory appreciation of food and drink , albeit via concerns of technique and ethics .
In other words , in a way that is stubbornly American .
To start with , if anyone has been reading Defending Big D over the past year then you know that we do n't like to run with unsubstantiated rumors .
Yesterday we posted a practice update that had some very iffy speculation about a Capitals scout being at practice yesterday .
We noted it as such , and I trust no one took that as fact .
Pure speculation is all that was .
Today breeds a whole different level of trade talk .
This past weekend , several online publications and hockey television analysts stated that the Dallas Stars are preparing to move on without Marty Turco .
Now this is hardly surprising news ; the future of Turco with the Dallas Stars has been in doubt since the start of the season .
Yet now it 's being reported as if this is a fact : the Dallas Stars are moving on without him .
When the season began , the big issue was whether Turco would play well enough to ingratiate himself with the new coach and general manager and work towards possibly getting an extension with the Stars either midseason or before the trade deadline began .
Over the past month , Turco 's play has increasingly regressed .
While the defense in front of him has been far from perfect , it 's safe to say that the time has come where we can conclude that Turco most likely does n't have a role in the future of this franchise .
After the jump , we 'll analyze a number of the rumors that have popped up lately and look at the possible routes the Stars could take moving forward .
The Stars are not happy with Marty Turco , and justified or not it appears that a lot of blame is being laid at his feet .
The team in front of him certainly has n't been at its best , but it 's hard to argue that when the Stars are playing hard and getting some momentum built the plethora of soft goals allowed at the worst times has been completely demoralizing for this team .
The good news in all of this is that the Stars have Alex Auld as the backup to Marty Turco , and it appears as if the Stars are willing to give him a shot at taking the starting position , at least in the short term .
There are 14 games remaining before the trade deadline passes , and the Stars are entering some crucial decision making time when it comes to Turco .
The first option is for the Stars to trade him to a team looking for veteran netminder help heading into the playoffs .
With scenarios like this , the Stars are operating with their hand showing and there 's no way the team will get the big value most fans would hope for .
If the Stars do trade Turco , then it will most likely be as part of a package deal if the team hopes to get max value out of the trade .
At one point it looked as if Philadelphia could be a willing trade partner , but they now have a backlog of quality goaltenders .
The other option is to just allow Marty Turco to walk and sign elsewhere in free agency .
Both options leave the Stars with a hole in net ; while Auld might have the ability to carry this team for the rest of the season , any trade regarding Marty Turco will have to eventually result in the future No. 1 goaltender coming back to the Stars .
Today on his blog , Mike Heika covers the Turco situation as best he can with this caveat :
So when some out there say that Marty Turco will not be re-signed and could be available at the trade deadline , I need to get that from somebody within the organization who agrees to be a ``source ' ' and agrees to know that my editors know that person is the ``source . ''
That 's not something people who are trying to stay anonymous want to do , so I have not been able to confirm these reports .
He mentions that he is unable to get any confirmation on the reports about Turco 's future ( not surprising ) and goes on to list several goaltenders that the Stars could target .
He mentions , in no particular order :
Jaroslav Halak
Corey Schneider
Kari Lehtonen
Pekka Renne
Dan Ellis
Mike Smith (!)
Jhonas Enroth
Leland Irving
Justin Peters
All as possible trade targets .
He does a great job of breaking each one down , so please head on over and his excellent blog post .
Obviously , there are any number of possibilities here , but it 's important to remember that the Stars are in the market for their ' goaltender of the future ' .
Are one of these goaltenders what the Stars are looking for , and most importantly are they obtainable for the Stars ?
The first choice for any Stars fan would be Halak , but at this point it 's likely he 's just too rich for the Stars .
Schneider is an interesting option and could be had for a decent price , but Lehtonen scares me .
The next question is how much you are willing to give up to trade for one of these young goaltenders .
Chances are that the Stars are not going to be making a big run into the playoffs if a trade is made , so do the Stars necessarily have to wager their future in a trade ?
There 's a good chance that some high - level prospects will have to be given up to get a top goaltender in a trade , and you have to wonder if that 's worth losing Jame Benn , Ivan Vishnevskiy , Colton Sceviour or Scott Glennie just to ensure you have a No.1 goaltender for the last month or so of the season .
The Stars could conceivably trade Turco to get value for a player they 'll lose anyway , and ride Alex Auld and most likely Matt Climie for the rest of the season .
Then the Stars would target a number of free agent netminders this summer , most notably Jason LaBarber and Ty Conklin .
The direction the Stars take is going to rely on a number of factors , the least of which starts tonight with Alex Auld being given the chance to take over in net .
We are approaching a new era in Stars hockey and the first big move is close to going down .
Whether it involves
Turco is still up in the air , but Auld getting the short term nod speaks volumes as to where this franchise is headed .
Introduction
Photographers often ask can putting a filter on my lens hurt image quality ?
The short answer is yes , but there are specific lenses where this can be more of a problem .
There are also simple methods you can do to test the filter .
Evaluating Filters
Filters need to be of high optical quality in order not impact image quality .
But the same filter will affect image quality differently on different lenses .
Filters should be :
Optically flat .
This means the glass ( or plastic ) on the two sides of the filter must be flat to within about 1/2 wavelength of light over the diameter of the light rays passing through the filter .
For example , A large diameter filter on a 20 mm wide angle f/ 4 lens only sees a little more than 20 / 4 or 5 mm diameter spot on the filter .
The filter must be flat to within 1/2 wavelength over that 5 mm spot .
The two sides must be parallel .
If not , the filter forms a prism , which bends the light passing through the filter ( and different colors will be bent different amounts ) .
This causes a blurring effect like that from astigmatism .
The filter mount must not be so tight it distorts the filter .
Figure 1 shows the shapes a filter may have .
The larger the filter , the more difficult it is to manufacture .
However , a filter on a wide angle , short focal length lens may show no degradation compared to the same filter on a telephoto lens .
The reason is that the size of the aperture on a wide angle lens tends to be much smaller .
For example , consider a 20 mm f/2.8 lens with a 77 mm filter .
The maximum aperture is 20 / 2.8 = 7.1 mm , quite small .
So the lens sees only a very small portion of the entire filter .
The 20 mm lens does not magnify the incoming light much so the filter can be wedge - shaped and curved over the entire surface , but over a 7 - mm spot there is less of a problem .
Now consider that same filter on a 400 mm f /5.6 lens .
The aperture of the 400 mm lens is 400 / 5.6 = 71 mm , or almost the entire size of the 77 mm filter .
Not only is a large portion of the filter viewed by the lens , but the 400 mm focal length has more magnification of the incoming light rays ( 400/20 = 20 x more over the 20 mm lens ) .
Both the size of the aperture and the magnification combine to require higher optical quality from the filter in order to deliver a good image .
Figure 1 .
Edge view of a filter out of its holder and the shapes that might influence image quality .
Let 's investigate a 77 mm circular polarizing filter that was reportedly making images from a 400 mm f /5.6 lens soft .
The first step is to use sunlight on a clear day to reflect light off of the filter onto something about 20 or more feet away .
Figure 2 shows the sunlight reflected from the filter onto the eve of a house .
The sun was about 15 degrees away .
The reflection should be an ellipse .
Because the sun is 1 / 2 degree in diameter , the reflection will appear with soft edges .
Figure 2 . Reflection of sunlight from a filter ( indicated by the red arrow ) onto a distant light colored eve of a two - story house .
To evaluate if the filter surfaces are flat , reflect the sunlight onto a spot where you can evaluate the reflected image ( Figure 3 ) .
Next , rotate the filter and see if the spot appears oblong or lumpy and that those details rotate as you rotate the filter .
The filter in Figure 3 shows an oblong shape that rotates when the filter was rotated .
This indicates the filter is not flat on that side .
Also check reflection from the other side of the filter .
The pattern shown in Figure 3 indicates that the filter would harm image quality on telephoto lenses .
The pattern is not extreme enough to impact image quality when used on short focal length lenses .
Note on rotating the filter to reflect sunlight : do not do this with the filter on a camera and lens .
If you do that , sunlight will be transmitted and focused into the camera and could cause damage .
Figure 3 . Closeup of the reflection of sunlight from a filter onto a distant light colored eve of a house .
The filter was rotated between views A and B to show the non-circular reflection rotates too indicating the filter is curved .
The oblong shape indicates the curvature is not a simple sphere which makes the distorted image quality worse .
The next step in the off - camera evaluation is to check the filter to see if it is wedge - shaped , or even a more complex shape .
To do this , you need a micrometer .
Measure around the edge of the filter every 45 degrees , like shown in Figure 4 .
Measurements of the 77 mm example filter show that the filter thickness is not the same at each position .
The pattern indicates a saddle shape , which is not good for image quality .
The flatness should be within 1/2 wavelength , but we see the variations are up to 35 wavelengths !
Between the curvature previously measured , and the saddle - shape problems , it is no wonder this filter impacts image quality on telephoto lenses .
Figure 4 . Measurement of the thickness of the filter from Figure 3 using a micrometer .
The thickness varies around the filter indicating it is saddle shaped .
The thickness varies , so it is not a simple wedge .
Photographic Examples
Of course the best way to evaluate filter quality is to test it on the lens that you intend to install the filter on .
The most difficult test of a filter is on the longest telephoto lens you intend to use the filter on that uses the full aperture of the filter .
Both the combination of the full aperture increases sensitivity to any imperfections in the filter and the long focal length which magnifies those imperfections will affect image quality .
Here are a couple of comparisons .
First let 's test the filter we measured above .
The thickness variations measured in Figure 4 tell us this filter greatly distorts the light passing through the filter .
Figure 5 shows images of the Moon with and without the polarizing filter .
Now is that a bad filter !
Figure 5 . The Moon imaged with a 100 - 400 mm zoom lens at 400 mm , with and without the polarizing filter discussed above .
In both images , the lens was held steady on a carbon - fiber tripod , and the exposure obtained with mirror - lockup using a cable release .
The camera did have difficulty autofocusing with the bad filter , so I also focused manually using live view at the maximum magnification with no improvement in the results .
The saddle - shaped filter produced the elongation from the upper right to lower left .
If I rotated the polarizer , the direction of the distortion followed the rotation .
People often ask if good filters , even a UV or skylight filter can harm image quality .
Figures 6a and 6 b illustrate that the answer is yes , especially on telephoto lenses .
The filter used in this test was a 77 mm Hoya HMC Super UV ( 0 ) , a filter that is very high quality .
But the large aperture 300 mm lens ( at f/ 4 is a 75 mm aperture ) uses the entire size of the filter and the long focal length magnifies the small departure from flatness .
Such large filters , being so thin , are virtually impossible to keep flat .
This same filter would produce effectively no degradation on a shorter focal length lens , due to both the smaller aperture and less focal length magnifying the optical imperfections .
Figure 6a .
The moon taken with the same lens on the same camera a couple of minutes apart .
Three images with the filter on and 3 off were compared and all showed the same effect shown here .
This illustrates even high quality filters can not deliver the optical quality needed on large aperture telephoto lenses .
See figure 6 b for these two images in an animated gif .
These are in - camera generated jpegs with no sharpening done in post processing .
Figure 6 b .
The two images from Figure 6a in an animated gif showing the image degradation that happened by adding a high quality UV filter .
To illustrate the effects of magnification , or lack thereof , on filters and image quality , examine Figures 7a and 7b .
These are images of a test chart at the center ( Figure 7a ) and lower right corner ( Figure 7 b ) .
Each figure shows a pair of images , one with a UV filter and one without .
The filter is the same type as used in the above 300 mm lens test on the Moon : Hoya HMC Super UV ( 0 ) .
There is essentially no difference in sharpness between the filter versus no filter images .
Some small differences are due to variations where the test patterns fall on the Bayer filter array in each image .
Images were obtained at ISO 100 , 1 second exposure , on a carbon fiber tripod with mirror lockup .
These tests show that quality filters like the Hoya HMC Super UV ( 0 ) do not affect image quality on short focal length lenses .
Figure 7a .
Images of a test chart with a 20 mm lens at f/8 , center of the frame of a 21 megapixel Canon 5D Mark II digital camera .
These images are in - camera generated jpegs with no post process sharpening .
Can you tell which image is better ?
Figure 7b .
Images of a test chart with a 20 mm lens at f /8 , lower right corner of the frame of a full - frame 21 megapixel Canon 5D Mark II digital camera .
These images are in - camera generated jpegs with no post process sharpening .
Can you tell which image is better ?
Both images are showing the lens has a small amount of chromatic aberration and the filter does not change the aberration .
Conclusions
Filters can and do affect image quality on modern cameras , even high quality filters .
The larger the physical aperture on the lens , and the longer its focal length , the greater demand there is on filter quality .
Thin filters are more likely to suffer from distortion as they are easier to bend and harder to manufacture with high optical quality .
On shorter focal length , wide angle lenses , the apertures are small and the focal lengths shorter so that optical imperfections are not magnified like they are on telephoto lenses .
Thus the same filter that may degrade the images from a telephoto lens may be just fine on a short focal length lens .
http://www.clarkvision.com/articles/evaluating_filter_quality
First Published August 18 , 2009
Last updated December 27 , 2009
Architects & Engineers for 9/11 Truth
January 18 , 2010
Congratulations to Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth .
They have reached the milestone number of 1000 A&Es !
Architects & Engineers for 9/11
Truth have now reached 1000 professional members , further legitimizing calls for a new investigation into the September 11th attacks based upon physical evidence and analysis that is completely inconsistent with the official story .
A&E911 Truth also has 6173 + undersigned supporters that include academics , political activists and other members of the general public .
The organization has grown exponentially , largely due to efforts by fellow architect and AE911truth founder Richard Gage , AIA , to confront professional architects and engineers with the unsettling evidence– demonstrated on video — that the official story is negated by the law of physics .
( Kind of a big deal , if you have n’t confronted the official story lies … )
Similarly , Patriots Question 9/11 lists hundreds of other high - profile figures , established in government , professional service , the media , education as well as 9/11 Victim ’s family members and survivors who have publicly questioned the events of 9/11 and / or called for a new investigation :
200 + Senior Military , Intelligence Service , Law Enforcement , and Government Officials
700 + Engineers and Architects * [ NOW OFFICIALLY 1000 + ]
250 + Pilots and Aviation Professionals
400 + Professors Question 9/11
300 + 9/11 Survivors and Family Members
200 + Artists , Entertainers , and Media Professionals
1000 architectural and engineering professionals and 6170 other supporters including A&E students have signed the petition demanding of Congress a truly independent investigation .
The petition is open to everyone .
Click here to read / sign petition [ also below ] .
[ efoods ]
Everyone can sign the AE911 Truth petition and call upon Congress for a truly independent investigation into the 3 WTC High - rise " collapses " on 9/11 .
Our voices will be louder and more resonant in the halls of Congress when joined together as one voice of hundreds of architects and engineers and others .
Please Take Notice That : On Behalf of the People of the United States of America , the undersigned Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth and affiliates hereby petition for , and demand , a truly independent investigation with subpoena power in order to uncover the full truth surrounding the events of 9/11/01 – specifically the collapses of the World Trade Center Towers and Building 7 .
We believe there is sufficient doubt about the official story and therefore the 9/11 investigation must be re-opened and must include a full inquiry into the possible use of explosives that might have been the actual cause of the destruction of the World Trade Center Twin Towers and Building 7 .
Sincerely , The Undersigned
60 Aerospace Engineers Call for New 9/11 Investigation
— Dwain Deets
Jan 17 , 2010
As the number of verified architect and engineer petitioners at AE911 Truth passes 1,000 , the number describing themselves as aerospace engineers , or as engineers who have contributed professionally to the aerospace field , exceed sixty .
These sixty - plus engineers were motivated to place their names on the public record as a matter of professional and social responsibility .
While the skills necessary to conduct professional forensic analysis of destroyed buildings is largely distinct from those experienced in aerospace engineering , the basic physical laws involved in an analysis of the speed , symmetry , and energy input / output balance of the World Trade Center ’s destruction involve only high school physics and chemistry , some lookups regarding the energy necessary to crush concrete , and basic arithmetic .
Despite the large public outcry , the media and government have refused to acknowledge the real 9/11 evidence and only worked to kill the messengers in order to spite the message .
Messengers from actor Charlie Sheen to former BYU physics professor Steven Jones and beyond have had their careers and lives threatened for trying to bring the truth to light .
So what are ‘ they ’ hiding ?
Everything …
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Parishioners held up their phones as a prayer was recited
Laptops and Blackberry mobile phones have been blessed in a church ceremony in the City of London .
Canon David Parrott blessed the gadgets at the St Lawrence Jewry church in an updated version of a traditional " Plough Monday " back - to - work ceremony .
A number of parishioners held their mobile phones up as Rev Parrott recited a prayer .
He said : " It 's the technology that is our daily working tool and it's a technology we should bless . "
The 17th Century building is the official church of the City of London Corporation .
On Monday Canon Parrott placed a number of laptops and phones on its altar .
FROM THE PM PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from PM
He said it would remind the capital 's busy office workers that God 's grace could reach them in many ways .
Canon Parrott then recited a blessing over the parishioners and their electronic devices .
He said he hoped the ceremony had made worship " lively and relevant to the people who work nearby , in the financial district " .
The traditional Plough Monday ceremony blessed a symbolic farming implement which had been dragged to the church 's door .
Canon Parrott updated that ceremony , as he said it did n't have much relevance for his church , which was " nowhere near a field , in the middle of London " .
Canon Parrott , who took up the post seven months ago , described the ceremony as " a fresh idea for a fresh post " .
WildlifeNearYou :
It began on a fort ...
Back in October 2008 , myself and 11 others set out on the first / dev / fort expedition .
The idea was simple : gather a dozen geeks , rent a fort , take food and laptops and see what we could build in a week .
The fort was Fort Clonque on Alderney in the Channel Islands , managed by the Landmark Trust .
We spent an incredibly entertaining week there exploring Nazi bunkers , cooking , eating and coding up a storm .
It ended up taking slightly longer than a week to finish , but 14 months later the result of our combined efforts can finally be revealed : WildlifeNearYou.com !
WildlifeNearYou is a site for people who like to see animals .
Have you ever wanted to know where your nearest Llama is ?
Search for " llamas near brighton " and you ’ll see that there ’s one 18 miles away at Ashdown Forest Llama Farm .
Or you can see all the places we know about in France , or all the trips I ’ve been on , or everywhere you can see a Red Panda .
The data comes from user contributions : you can use WildlifeNear
You to track your trips to wildlife places and list the animals that you see there .
We can only tell you about animals that someone else has already spotted .
Once you ’ve added some trips , you can import your Flickr photos and match them up with trips and species .
We ’ll be adding a feature in the future that will push machine tags and other metadata back to Flickr for you , if you so choose .
You can read more about WildlifeNearYou on the site ’s about page and FAQ .
Please do n’t hesitate to send us feedback !
What took so long ?
So why did it take so long to finally launch it ?
A whole bunch of reasons .
Week long marathon hacking sessions are an amazing way to generate a ton of interesting ideas and build a whole bunch of functionality , but it ’s very hard to get a single cohesive whole at the end of it .
Tying up the loose ends is a pretty big job and is severely hampered by the fort residents returning to their real lives , where hacking for 5 hours straight on a cool easter egg suddenly does n’t seem quite so appealing .
We also got stuck in a cycle of “ just one more thing ” .
On the fort we did n’t have internet access , so internet - dependent features like Freebase integration , Google Maps , Flickr imports and OpenID had to be left until later ( “ they ’ll only take a few hours ” no longer works once you ’re off / dev / fort time ) .
The biggest problem though was perfectionism .
The longer a side - project drags on for , the more important it feels to make it “ just perfect ” before releasing it to the world .
Finally , on New Year ’s Day , Nat and I decided we had had enough .
Our resolution was to “ ship the thing within a week , no matter what state it ’s in ” .
We ’re a few days late , but it ’s finally live .
WildlifeNearYou is by far the most fun website I ’ve ever worked on .
To all twelve of my intrepid fort companions : congratulations — we made a thing !
by
Microsoft tries to show that its phones can still compete with those of Google and Apple but their new smartphone OS flagship Windows Phone 7 will not support Flash at initial launch
Image via windows7themes.net
Windows Mobile 7
Wo n’t Get Flash according to Informationsweek and Engadget Adobe confirms no Flash in Windows Mobile 7 ( updated ) .
“ Update : Sorry kids , we have independent confirmation : Windows Phone 7 will not support Flash at initial launch . ”
HTC will build the first ‘ Windows Phone 7 ’ smartphone in Q4
Engadget is still the greatest source in the Blogosphere for latest news
Today they unearthed the first ‘ Windows Mobile 7 Serie ‘ screenshots .
Screenshots via “ Windows Mobile 7 interface and device leaked on MWC banners “
It seems that the iPhone has shaken the mobile industry even more than we had thought .
Handset designers like HTC and LG may have been hand - picked to develop flagship phones and could show early forms of these at Mobile World Congress , Microsoft will seek to show that its phones can still compete with those of Google and Apple .
Today “ Windows Phone 7 Series – It ’s official ! “
Chances remain that the company will only shown Windows Mobile 6.6 or similar , though these have been increasingly downplayed in recent weeks .
Microsoft has had to implement two yearly stopgap updates to Windows Mobile 6 as delays in version 7 have left it trailing behind in user interface , touchscreen support , media and web browsing .
Many of the changes are commonly assumed to be reactions to Android and iPhones eating into Windows Mobile ’s market share .
Engadget photo source
Info [ edit ]
This event is Noisebridge 's 3rd year anniversary and the theme is Hacker Prom .
Date : October 1st 2011
Time : 20:00
Loc : Noisebridge
Formal attire and a date is required to get in ( does n't have to be human , can be a robot ) .
It would be awesome if someone could show up in a limo .
Required Attire [ edit ]
Those identifying as human [ edit ]
Gowns or a " nice " dress
Dress pants & Formal Jacket
A tie with the format dress shirt ( totally required )
Those not identifying as anything [ edit ]
Something " formal " looking with LEDs
Robots [ edit ]
All exterior metal must be polished
Volunteers [ edit ]
Chaperone - Rubin
Chaperone - Liz Henry
Chaperone - Danny O'Brien
Chaperone - Ben Kochie
DJ - Doctor Popular
DJ - crashfaster
Photographer -
Photagrapher -
Makerbotter - Snail
Bartender - Will Sargent
Bartender - Michael Shields
Cleanup - Jorgen
Cleanup - Michel Lallement
Cleanup -
Setup [ edit ]
We need some things :
Disco ball
Punch bowls [ 1 acquired ]
A DJ
The Dancing
Makeout room ( for making things , with Makerbots )
Photo area with pedestal and fake tree plus backdrop
Donations bin
We 'll need to clean up the space the day of , expect a lot of people !
Promotion [ edit ]
Draft flyer available here .
Have at it .
Published by Sierra Monica P. on January 14 , 2010 under Unique Gift Ideas
Stuart Hughes introduced a new iPhone in the Supreme collection of world ’s most expensive gadgets and this time it ’s about the iPhone 3GS in pink gold , which is an alloy made from yellow gold and copper with red accents .
i Phone 3GS Supreme Rose was designed in Liverpool , UK , and features a 7.5 ct single cut diamond , platinum bezel , 130 flawless diamonds of 0.75ct decorating the handset , totalizing 97.5 ct .
In addition , Stuart Hughes added 4 pink baguette diamonds of 2.5 ct each and 112 grams of 18ct rose gold on the rear part .
The beautiful Apple logo is made from rose gold and 53 diamonds embedded .
i Phone 3GS Supreme Rose is priced at £ 1.93.25 million , meaning over 3.15 million dollars .
The logic of the idea would seem obvious to a child : the human race needs to wean itself off fossil fuels , so why do n't we build solar power plants in the world 's deserts , to give us all the energy we need ?
This concept has long been promoted by Desertec , a European network of scientists and engineers , which argues that just 1 per cent of the surface area of the world 's deserts could generate as much electricity as the world is now using .
What do you think ?
Comment here
Desert solar power
Desertec envisages a massive deployment of solar technology in Middle Eastern and North African countries , exporting electricity to Europe .
The vision may seem idealistic , but there have been signs recently that politicians and industry are starting to take the Desertec proposals seriously .
A recent Desertec seminar at the House of Commons was attended by the energy minister Lord Philip Hunt , as well as the Conservative shadow energy minister Charles Hendry and the Liberal Democrat shadow secretary of state for energy and climate change , Simon Hughes .
All three professed support for the concept , with Lord Hunt declaring , ' I am very interested in the work that you are doing . '
Just words ?
Maybe .
But Hunt promised that the Desertec will be seriously considered by the European Commission as it tries to make plans for future supplies of renewable energy for the whole region .
Taken seriously
The European Union is aiming to provide 20 per cent of its energy from renewable sources by 2020 , and a much higher percentage by 2050 .
With this in mind , the European Commission has begun drafting the Strategic Energy Technology Plan , which will attempt to explain how renewable technologies can be made mature enough to supply a large part of Europe 's total energy needs by 2050 .
The SET Plan , as its known , is still in its early stages , but Desertec is part of the deliberations .
Gus Schellekens , a director in the sustainability and climate change team at business advisors PriceWaterhouseCoopers , sees the SET Plan as a tentative first step towards the kind of European unity needed to make Desertec a reality .
The Desertec project would involve power lines being stretched across the desert and Mediterranean sea
Supergrid
A key part of the Desertec vision is for a ' supergrid ' that can distribute renewable energy across Europe , be it hydro power from Scandinavia , wind power from the UK or solar energy from the Mediterranean states and North Africa .
In addition to building this supergrid , the European states would probably also have to agree a system of subsidies to make solar electricity imported from North Africa commercially viable .
' The SET Plan has the potential to be what 's needed , ' says Schellekens .
Next month he will publish his own report on the future of renewable power in Europe and North Africa , which argues that unified political support for Desertec across Europe is essential before investors will risk their cash to fund the building of solar power plants in North Africa .
' Unless you have the right signals coming from government level , you do n't have what the market needs , nobody moves and no - one does anything , ' says Schellekens .
Price barrier
The sheer cost of solar power is another obstacle .
Electricity produced by even the cheapest solar technology still works out at $ 160 per megawatt hour ( MWh ) , compared with just $ 60 per MWh for electricity produced by coal - fired power stations and $ 80 per MWh for the most efficient gas - fired power stations , according to Jenny Chase , senior solar analyst at Bloomberg New Energy Finance , which analyses investments in renewable energy .
Chase acknowledges that government subsidies in Spain and Germany have already helped bring down the cost of solar power dramatically , but she finds the Desertec concept unconvincing .
' The idea is to generate an expensive form of power and then transport it across long distances .
That does n't stack up without significant amounts of subsidy .
I do n't know if that will come , but I suspect that given the timescales involved , solar power may become cheap enough to deploy widely in Europe without needing to transport it from north Africa , ' she says .
African solar industry
North African governments are taking steps to build their own solar industry .
The seminar at the House of Commons included a presentation from the Morroccan energy minister , Amina Benkhadra , who is seeking $ 9bn of investment to build 2000 megawatts of solar capacity in Morocco by 2019 .
Tunisia has launched a similar scheme , the Plan Solaire , and Schellekens expects further solar plans will soon be launched by other North African countries .
For the moment , he doubts there is much enthusiasm among investors :
' We are at a point in the [ economic ] cycle where lots of money has been lost and what is left is being looked after carefully . '
The private sector has also begun to investigate Desertec .
Last July in Munich , 12 energy and financial companies including Deutsche Bank and E.
On agreed to finance a three - year feasibility study , known as the Desertec Industrial Initiative .
The group has been convened by Munich Re , the world 's largest reinsurance group , which believes solar power in North Africa could deliver 15 per cent of Europe 's electricity by 2050 .
Concentrating solar power
Desertec supporters say the technology needed to carry out the plan already exists .
It advocates the use of concentrating solar power , whereby mirrors are used to concentrate sunlight into small areas to generate heat .
This heat is used to generate steam , which in turn drives turbines to generate electricity , just like a conventional power station .
The advantage over conventional solar panels is that it does not need expensive silicon .
It does , however , need lots of direct sunlight , which makes it ideal for deserts but less suitable for most European countries .
Another advantage is that generation can continue at night , using spare heat that has been stored in tanks containing melted salts or in concrete blocks .
Six concentrated solar power plants are already up and running in Spain and several more are under construction .
Lord Philip
Hunt warns , however , that the technology will need to prove itself on a large scale - running at hundreds of megawatts rather than demonstration - scale plants producing merely tens of megawatts - before Desertec can take off .
He also pointed to the massive scale of investment that would be needed , most of which will have to come from the private sector , plus the importance of creating the right regulation across Europe , ' which will not be easy ' .
Encouragingly , Hunt concluded , ' none of these challenges is insurmountable ' .
Useful links
Desertec Foundation
Guido Núñez - Mujica , a 26 - year - old Boing Boing reader in Venezuela who is an avid gamer , writes in with this extensive personal observation piece about a new law that widely criminalizes video games in the South American country .
As you read the piece , please also bear in mind that publishing this sort of thing under one 's full name is not done without personal risk .
These games are a cherished part of my life , they helped to shape my young mind , they gave me challenges and vastly improved my English , opening the door to a whole new world of literature , music and people from all around the world .
What I have achieved , all my research , how I have been able to travel even though I 'm always broke , the hard work I 've done to convince people to fund a start up for cheap biotech for developing countries and regular folks , none of that would have been possible had n't I learned English through video games .
Now , thanks to the tiny horizons of the cast of morons who govern me , thanks to the stupidity and ham - fisted authoritarianism of the local authorities , so beloved of so many liberals , my 7 year old brother 's chances to do the same could be greatly impacted .
After the jump , Núñez - Mujica 's essay in full .
Last Thursday in Venezuela , a new law criminalizing " violent " video games and toys was approved by the National Assembly .
The law scapegoats gamers for the obscene levels of violence in our country ( see below ) , and goes to extraordinary lengths to criminalize gaming , to the point of holding out long jail terms to people who buy the wrong kinds of games .
It 's no joke .
Last year , on a trip to the US , I was able to buy a Nintendo DS for my brother , and a puzzle game that deals with using weapons to defend the fish stock of penguins in Antarctica , Defendin ' de Penguin .
Early next year , when the law kicks in , bring such a game could land me in jail for 3 to 5 years , for importing forbidden violent games , as the penguins use snowball guns to ward off walruses , foxes ( in Antarctica ? OMG think of Biogeography ! ) , polar bears and the Yeti .
The law is just the latest nail in the coffin of Venezuelans ' right of dissent and broader civil liberties .
A pitiful attempt to blame video games and toys for the widespread lethal violence in our country , instead of a defective judicial structure , systemic corruption and governmental ( purposeful ? ) ineptitude to deal with the problem .
I am 26 years old .
Ever since I can remember Venezuela has been a very dangerous place .
Every year the body count seemed to climb higher than the previous year .
Being on the streets after dark , especially in the big cities , became a little bit more dangerous with each passing year , no matter who was in power or how high prices for our oil rose .
I believed it was just a fact of life .
Then , ten years ago , Hugo Chávez came to power promising change at every level , promising a new , less corrupt , wealthier , safer society .
Most of my friends and family voted for him , to register their contempt for our traditional politicians , because they wanted justice and a decent country .
Ten years later , we are indeed wealthier , thanks to a feverish oil boom , but the country 's also falling deeper into debt , issuing bonds and getting loans even from the despised Capitalist tool that is the IMF , and printing money like there 's no tomorrow , while our electric system collapses , many staples are hard to find on store shelves , our hospitals are rotting and corruption and crime are still getting worse .
The official position is that crime is a byproduct of poverty and inequality .
The official numbers say that poverty and inequality have decreased dramatically so , how is it possible that today we have one of the worst crime rates in the entire world ?
Our murder rates are among the top five in the world .
Barinas , the rural State where Chávez is from and where his brother is governor , has the highest kidnapping rate in the world .
( The governor 's reply ?
People are kidnapping themselves to make the government look bad . )
And if you live in Caracas today , you are at substantially higher risk of meeting a violent death than if you live in Iraq these days .
One thing is clear : either crime is not caused merely by poverty and inequality , as the murder rates in Bangladesh seem to confirm , or the government has not reduced poverty and inequality as much as it claims ( as a glance to the barrios of Caracas seems to confirm ) .
Or perhaps both .
Either way , the government has proven grossly incompetent at protecting its citizens .
The pseudo - socialist clique that governs us plainly cares much more about protecting its own members .
Recent press reports show that more cops in Caracas are devoted to protecting politicians and their families as body guards than to roaming the streets , and let 's not even talk about crimes carried out by the police .
Amid all this , the authorities seem to spend what limited resources are at the justice system 's disposal on criminalizing dissent .
Venezuelan chief prosecutor Luisa Ortega has repeatedly argued that having the wrong opinion ( a.k.a. " publishing information that may destabilize the government " or " causing a perception of impunity through the press " ) should be made a crime punishable with 10 years in jail .
After recent protests , she has put student protesters in our worse jails because they spray - painted walls , and detained dozens labor movement protestors without trial for months on end for what amount to political crimes .
While Venezuela burns , our authorities are busy criminalizing those who protest , rather than those setting the fires .
Let 's put this in perspective .
Last year , we had almost 14,000 deaths due to crime , out of a population of about 27 million people .
Let 's round it up to 28 million , and make some calculations :
If Bangladesh had our murder rate , there would be 125,000 murder victims there every year , if the US had our murder rate , we would be talking about 150,000 deaths due to crime , if Japan had our problem , there would be 60000 Japanese dead due to crime every time our pretty planet goes around the sun .
If China and India had our levels of violence , we would get rid of 1,100,000 people every year .
The numbers of death due to violence do not seem so big in Venezuela due to our smallish population , but this a serious problem that is only getting worse after almost 11 years of Bolivarian rule .
The number of people mugged , assaulted and robbed are much greater than that .
Some relatives of mine have been shot and stabbed , most of my friends have been robbed at least once , and I had to jump from a bus in motion to avoid being robbed a month ago , in Mérida , where I live , a university town that not so long ago used to be relatively safe .
In Valera , where my parents live , it is unwise to go out after 9 in the streets , and after 8:30 , it gets really difficult to find public transportation .
So , will the government correct its strategy , accept that we have a huge problem that has to be solved ASAP and will follow its rhetoric and work along the communities to tackle crime ( Death penalty and traditional top - down approaches wo n't work ) ?
No .
Instead , it will blame the gamers for the problem .
Yes , we are to blame , because we cannot tell fantasy from reality and because video games make us violent , morons who will throw people out of cars just like in Grand Theft Auto and kill them , because even though games come with ratings , just like movies , I , an adult citizen , cannot be trusted to use them wisely .
This law makes selling video games to anybody actually worse than giving real guns or cigarettes to a minor , or even forcing him or her to work , as you get less jail time and lower fines if you do any of those things .
I have to be protected from them , so I do n't go into a killing spree .
( If I were so impressionable , I would not be writing this , I would have swallowed completely the huge amount of propaganda they feed to us ) .
Our Parliament , instead of addressing our real needs , behaves like the bunch of escapist , authoritarian demagogues they are , imposing their decrees on us , because they are know they are right , and those of us who dissent , surely are rich elitist bastards who hate the poor , traitors who hate Venezuela and work for sinister , evil and shady foreign powers ( If you follow American politics , this attitude should ring some alarms to you ) .
Surely a government that calls itself Socialist would have corrected a gross mistake by previous administrations : our marginal tax rate for the richest citizens is 34 % , which is less than what the American marginal tax rate was when Bush gave tax cuts to Donald Trump and Warren Buffet .
One would think that after ten years of Socialist government focused on the poor and against the evil rich , the fiercely egalitarian Venezuelan MPs would have found the time to increase the taxes of the hated rich to the same level of such boring , bland , flavorless , countries as Finland , New Zealand , Sweden or Canada .
Instead , they have been too busy forbidding video games , porn ( 2 to 6 years in jail for filming porn , as it goes against " good customs " and family ) and human genetic engineering ( The law is written in such an imprecise language than creating Human Recombinant Insulin could lead me to jail ) , while our president befriends murderers , genocides , golpistas ( coup makers , like Gambia 's president Yahya Jammeh ) , and tyrants and replicas of the sword of Bolívar , The Liberator .
Our president also claims that despite shutting down 34 opposition radio stations based on administrative technicalities , despite the constant harassment of dissident cable stations , and criminalizing of protests , this is the country with most Freedom of Speech in the whole world , the same thing that Silvio Scumbag Berlusconi said about Italy and pretty much what American jingoists , immune to facts love to say , " America is the Freest Country in The World " , despite America 's sickening incarceration rates and its aversion to cognitive liberty .
Venezuelan authorities ' record on cognitive freedom is also laughable , with our authorities making wild claims about super marijuana ( provided by the evil Colombians ) that causes Alzheimer , and banning Family Guy from the air because it promotes the evil liberal American attitudes to drugs .
Most likely , not that many people will end up in jail due to the anti-gaming law .
But it could easily be used to coerce , to extort and to pressure people who find themselves on the revolution 's shit list , to make you feel powerless , like a criminal , to make you ashamed and scared .
Laws here get enforced selectively , but when the government issues so many laws criminalizing so many behaviours , sooner or later you are going to break one , so you better be well behaved and , above all , you better not criticize the powerful .
If you do , they 'll go through your hobbies … and when they do , they 're bound to use something they can use against you .
Another possibilities is that they may be trying to target cybercafés and Internet services for those who lack net connection at home , as Counter Strike and other on - line games are a big source of revenues for cybercafés .
In any case , even if individuals do n't go to jail , stores wo n't sell games anymore .
Whichever explanation you favor , what we have here is just another brick in the wall , another piece of a strategy to slowly but surely build a legal wall against political dissent , even as our society goes to the dogs .
This situation is painful to behold .
Even if I barely game at all these days , I am a gamer at neocortex .
I spent countless hours solving puzzles , riddles and fighting monsters in dungeons .
I rescued Toadstool many times , only to be told that thanks , but my Princess was in another castle , later I joined Link and rescued Zelda from Agahnim and Ganon , using the Master Sword and the Silver Arrows .
I got the Zantetsu sword and cut metal , I summoned Ifrit , Odeen and Behemoth .
From Dragoon , I became a Paladin .
I sneaked on Big Boss ' fortress in Zanzibar and stopped doomsday with Solid Snake .
I fought along a Double Dragon trapped on a Final Fight , using my Killer Instinct in a Mortal Kombat in which only the greatest Street Fighter would come alive .
I was Linked to the Past by a Chrono Trigger , my Soul Blazing , as I lived my Final Fantasies , Wandering from Ys , arriving to a Lagoon , to learn about the Secret of Mana , and finally understood that there is Ever More to life .
These games are a cherished part of my life , they helped to shape my young mind , they gave me challenges and vastly improved my English , opening the door to a whole new world of literature , music and people from all around the world .
What I have achieved , all my research , how I have been able to travel even though I 'm always broke , the hard work I 've done to convince people to fund a start up for cheap biotech for developing countries and regular folks , none of that would have been possible had n't I learned English through video games .
Now , thanks to the tiny horizons of the cast of morons who govern me , thanks to the stupidity and ham - fisted authoritarianism of the local authorities , so beloved of so many liberals , my 7 year old brother 's chances to do the same could be greatly impacted .
Even if my parents could afford to buy a NES or a SNES when the times were good for us , we could not afford to buy games , so I played Mario a lot .
I used to go to game parlors and play , made friends there , speaking not only about swords and crystals , combo breakers and special attacks , but also about AI , the future and technology , about that mysterious thing called the Internet ( I met a girl who tried Compuserve ! ) and about nuclear war .
Fifteen years later , my little brother lives in a world where the scarcity of games can be bypassed with the right tools , where mod chips and special cards allow him to emulate really old games on newer devices , where he needs to learn the basics about hacking if he wants to fully use his Nintendo DS .
Yesterday I was explaining to my little brother how any computer could in theory , emulate another computer , and how that made it possible to play really old games ( Older than him ! ) on his DS .
I was explaining what a terminal window and a program were and how I converted videos to a format that his DS can understand .
And he was thrilled , his eyes lit with pleasure , technology was a bridge that got us closer .
If we blindly follow the copyright and video game forbidding laws , we wo n't be able to do this anymore , and he will stop learning as much as he could gaming and hacking , finding his way to talk to machines to get them to do what he needs .
But I wo n't obey , I will be an outlaw gamer , and I vow to teach him as much as I can and as much as he is willing to learn , as early as possible .
I refuse to give up my rights to a government that is commanded by Vuitton clad jerks asking sacrifices from us , I refuse to stop gaming because a bunch of control freaks tell me that I will become a killer and that the wonderful games that enriched my childhood are psycho factories .
If I get fined for writing this ( Article 13 , promoting the use of violent videogames ) , so be it .
If I go to jail because I carry rooms in my hard drive or in an R4 card for my brother , next time I return to the country , so be it .
But I 'd rather go to jail than betray the gamer culture , partially responsible for making me the person I am today .
Enough is enough , and I am fed with this government of morons , pretending to be socialist while living a luxurious lifestyle , paying very little taxes and plundering our oil money .
This is a travesty , a pacifist government who gets loans from Russia to buy rifles , tanks and missiles , whose official motto is " Fatherland , Socialism or Death " , whose leader calls other people subhuman , and constantly speaks about war .
A socialist system that offers lower taxes than Bush for the rich people , that gives no -bid contracts to Chevron Texaco , a progressive govt .
spreading lies about marijuana and promoting a new law that requires education on breastfeeding for our girls , but no education on reproductive freedoms , a system that promotes sovereignty and dignity micromanaging my life and telling what I have to do , what I cannot do and stepping on my rights to mind my business as long as I do not harm anybody else .
The only thing more puzzling to me than liberals being eager of supporting this , is that social conservatives hate him despite his strong family values , opposition against vice and low taxes for the rich .
Now , that games have been outlawed , I am an outlaw , but there is hope .
My brother is learning that sometimes being an outlaw is the right thing to do , that some laws are not fair and must be opposed and that breaking the law does not makes you a bad person .
That is a hard thing to explain to a seven year old , but now he understands it really well .
I do not know if he will ever become a hacker , but he is already a rebel and a happy mutant .
More links about the situation in Venezuela :
• Caracas Chronicles
• The Devil 's Excrement
• Venezuela - Europa
• El Libertario ( In Spanish , Anarchist News )
• Radar De Los Barrios
( In Spanish , complains from the people living in the slums )
“ If you want to have revenge against the Republican Party for using you for so many years , the best way is to turn around and use the Republican Party to your advantage , ” said Eric Odom , a Tea Party activist in Chicago who recently started a political action committee , and on his blog urged Tea Partiers to stop complaining about the Republican Party and “ move in and take it over . ”
Republican leaders have been trying to harness the Tea Party energy  Michael Steele , the chairman of the Republican National Committee , recently called the Tea Parties “ a revelatory moment . ”
“ It puts in stark relief where the American people are , how they feel and what they feel , ” Mr. Steele said .
“ It ’s important for our party to appreciate and understand that so we can move toward it , and embrace it . ”
Not all Republicans agree .
Some say the party needs to broaden its reach , not cater to the fringe .
The defining experience for many Tea Party groups was the special election in the 23rd Congressional District of New York in November , where party leaders chose a candidate whom conservatives viewed as a Republican in name only  she supported same - sex marriage , abortion rights and the federal stimulus package .
After activists flooded the district to support a conservative third - party candidate , the Republican dropped out and endorsed the Democrat , who won .
Image Candidate hopefuls at the forum .
Credit ... Jessica Kourkounis for The New York Times
Conservatives took the Republican retreat as a victory , but also saw the power of the party structure in deciding who the candidates will be .
The rallying cry for more local involvement has been “ No more NY - 23’s . ”
“ We do n’t want to see what happened in New York happen here , ” Ms. Przybylski said .
The forum here drew nine candidates and a standing - room crowd in an auditorium built for 1,200 .
The questions organizers had drawn up for the candidates hinted at the issues important to so called Teapublicans .
Bob Olson was a quiet fellow who cataloged books for a living before he retired to the same modest , well - kept two - story home that his parents owned before him in the Seward neighborhood of Minneapolis .
He was frugal , too , a guy who had extra jeans and underwear stockpiled upstairs , still in the packages they were purchased in .
He did n't drive , getting around by bike or taxi .
But since his death last summer at age 82 , Robert J. Olson is making a big impact -- especially on two neighboring households to whom he bequeathed $ 50,000 each , evidently for the small kindnesses they 'd shown him in his final years .
And those are the smallest of his gifts .
The University of Minnesota libraries -- where the heirless Olson worked for 23 years -- stand to get several hundred thousand dollars , depending on his estate 's worth .
Olson earmarked another $ 50,000 for the foundation that supports Hennepin County 's libraries .
He also willed an unrestricted gift of $ 100,000 to the city of Minneapolis , something city officials say rarely happens .
Patrick Born said he can't remember any such gifts in his nine years overseeing the city 's finances .
" We have a little different arrangement with our donors , " Born said , a droll reference to property taxation .
" It 's not voluntary , so most of them do n't feel obligated to give again . "
" That sure is Bob , though , " said neighbor Leon Harder , a retired city worker , who said Olson appreciated city trash and street services .
Harder lived two doors down from Olson , but said he did n't know until a reporter told him this week that he was one of the neighbors to whom Olson left $ 50,000 .
" Oh , good grief , I did n't know that .
I had no idea , " he said softly .
" I do n't know what to say . "
Bruce Simpson and Lisa Rovick , who lived across the alley , also were named in Olson 's will .
Rovick and Simpson chatted across the alley with Olson .
She grew raspberries and tomatoes and shared them with him .
Simpson did some fix - up jobs for Olson and visited him during his final weeks at a care facility .
Harder picked up groceries for Olson several times a week .
Of course , who gets what depends in part on how much Olson 's estate -- valued at about $ 878,000 in the will -- actually yields .
Stock prices have changed since he signed his will in a spidery hand shortly before he died , just days short of his 83rd birthday .
The house may be worth less in today 's market than the $ 163,000 assessed value in the will .
The value of securities that made up the bulk of the estate depends on what 's happened to their prices since they were valued for the will .
Bills for his care until he died of cancer likely will drive up the mere $ 10,000 in debt his will estimated .
" We just never know until you cut the check what his assets are going to support , " said attorney Craig Goldman , who is handling the estate .
The university library chunk , as the residual portion of the estate , will take the first hit from any shrinkage .
The money will come in handy for Simpson and Rovick .
He 's been out of work , she 's interested in pursuing a doctorate and they have a daughter in college .
Nevertheless , they did a double - take when they got an envelope bearing the name of a law office , wondering if they 'd gotten into some kind of fix .
Olson 's gift to the city does n't surprise the couple .
" He loved Minneapolis , and I can totally see him doing that , " Rovick said .
Born , the finance chief , said , " I think it would be good for us to designate a purpose if we knew more about Mr. Olson .
But he left no particular instructions . "
Rovick and Goldman said something involving the neighborhood would be nice .
Rovick said that would be particularly welcome after the recent triple homicide at a food market just down the street .
Goldman said a bike path might be appropriate , given Olson 's reliance on two wheels for transport .
" I hope that the money for the city does n't just get buried in the budget , " Rovick said .
An Islamist militant group has reportedly said it carried out last week ’s bomb attack on a Russian train – on the orders of Doku Umarov , leader of the Caucasian Mujahadeen and one of the country ’s most wanted rebels .
The claim published on a website ca n’t be verified .
But previous statements it ’s posted by North Caucasus groups have proved correct .
The attack on Friday night ’s express between Moscow and St Petersburg killed 26 people .
The militants ’ letter vowed more acts of sabotage against what it called strategic economic targets .
The group aims to expel Russian forces from the North Caucasus and set up an Islamic emirate .
On Tuesday the funerals took place of some of the attack ’s victims , who included government officials and business executives .
Nearly a hundred people were wounded .
A follow - up explosion on Saturday injured one of the investigators as he visited the scene .
Russia has been fighting insurgents in the North Caucasus for more than a decade , following two wars in Chechnya .
Second only to “ I would die without cheese ! ” folks ask all the time about where vegans get their protein .
For someone accustomed to centering their dinner plate around a piece of animal protein , I can see how this might seem like a problem .
You take that steak off of your plate , and you ’re basically living on salad and potatoes .
Not that I ’m knocking salads or potatoes .
In fact , baked potatoes do contain a little bit of protein !
But really , where do you get protein when it ’s not coming from animal products ?
The short answer is : lots of places !
Here are some common vegan staples and their protein contents :
beans – 7 - 10 grams per half cup ( cooked )
tofu – 2.3 grams per half ounce
peanut butter – 8 grams per 2 Tablespoons
almonds – 8 grams per 1/4 cup
peanuts – 9 grams per 1/ 4 cup
cashews – 5 grams per 1/ 4 cup
flax seeds – 8 grams per 1/ 4 cup
brown rice – 3 grams per 4 ounces
quinoa – 4.5 grams per 1/2 cup
baked potato – 2.5 grams
cooked broccoli – 7 grams per half cup
peas – 8 grams per half cup
corn – 5 grams per 1 cup
Really , the question is , where do n’t vegans get protein ?
The recommended daily value for protein is about 50 grams for a 2000 calorie diet , which you could easily hit by combining a couple of protein sources per meal : beans and rice , whole grain cereal in soy or nut milk , or broccoli and whole wheat pasta .
So , spill the beans , my vegan friends !
What ’s your favorite protein source ?
Image Source : Creative Commons photo by Roger Smith
I got my Zune a few days before the iPhone was announced .
It was a smartly manifested little brick to be sure , its combination of brown and green oddly compelling , but the iPhone represented an object so profound that multiple industries were warped by its mere proximity .
You could hate the company utterly , vomiting at the sight of their vile and bitten crest , and then still tumble to this assertion ’s fundamental truth : that their portable computer , which is also a phone and a bunch of other shit , changed the world .
Now they want to make a really big version of it , to which I say yes .
UPS is telling me that my Nook will arrive on the 25th , just two days before ( most people believe )
Apple is set to announce their thing , which is awesome .
This is more or less how it always happens when I decide to make my move on a piece of technology .
I ’ll try to find something ironic to read on it before it catches on fire , burning itself out of existence .
It ’s got to be so annoying to compete with Apple , at anything really , because it ’s not like they ’re doing something fucking crazy .
Everybody ’s had these ideas before .
The difference , and this is grim if you are a competitor , but the difference is that everyone else spends a lot of time ( and often , money ) determining why those things are n’t possible .
And then it comes out , for real , only you did n’t make it .
Some other guys did .
And when you come out with what is ( on paper ) a better version of the same thing , maybe even multiple times over , it ’s too late .
You made a “ product ” to compete with their “ product , ” tastefully arranging your regiment , only to discover that they had n’t made a product at all - they made a narrative .
A statement about how technology should interface with a life .
I ’m not saying this to be mean , or get my kicks , or to engage in psychic vampirism .
Competing with these fucking people must be a genuinely harrowing state of affairs .
( CW ) TB out .
living in a high rise grave
The New York Times is struggling to make a profit
The New York Times has announced that it is to charge for full access to its website from 2011 , the latest newspaper to move in that direction .
It said it will introduce a metered system , allowing readers free access to a limited number of articles , before charging for additional content .
A similar online payment model has been introduced by the UK's Financial Times .
Rupert Murdoch 's News Corporation has also said it plans to start charging for access to its online newspapers .
News Corporation 's titles include the Sun and Times in the UK , as well as the New York Post in the US .
Risk to advertising
The New York Times has yet to say how many stories will be available free and what it will charge to read more .
It previously charged for access to its website back in 1996 , but abandoned it after failing to build up sufficient subscription numbers .
Media analysts say this is the fundamental problem for newspapers thinking of charging for their online content - and that advertising revenues could fall as a result .
The New York Times is already struggling to make a profit .
Its parent group , the New York Times Company , made a loss of $ 35.6 m ( £ 22 m ) between July and September of last year .
This came as advertising revenue across its newspaper portfolio fell 30 % from a year earlier .
" If you are watching this message it is because I have been murdered by ( Guatemalan president ) Alvaro Colom .. , " says Rodrigo Rosenberg , a Guatemala City lawyer , in the video above .
Xeni posted about this last May , but now , in an incredible twist , there is apparently evidence that Rosenberg was n't actually murdered by Colom .
Rather , he was allegedly killed by a hitman that he hired himself as part of a bizarre sacrificial suicide to frame Colom .
Hmmm … From The Guardian :
The 18 - minute testimonial – which surfaced at the funeral – was uploaded to the internet and triggered a political hurricane in the central American country …
A UN investigation has concluded the lawyer , depressed over personal problems and angry with the government , sacrificed his own life in an elaborate sting .
" Who planned the act ?
We have to conclude that it was Rodrigo Rosenberg himself , " Carlos Castresana , head of the UN commission , told a stunned country .
" He decided to sacrifice his life in exchange for a change in the country .
There can be no other explanation . "
In a news conference the president , who faced protests and resignation calls , said he had been vindicated and that the country could move on .
In a plot twist worthy of Agatha Christie investigators said Rosenberg made the recording knowing that two days later , on May 10 , assassins he had hired would ambush him near his home .
He was shot three times in the head , once in the neck and once in the back .
He apparently hoped the video would render him a martyr .
After the video surfaced the International Commission Against Impunity in Guatemala , a UN panel set up to investigate crimes during Guatemala 's civil war , launched an investigation supported by local prosecutors .
It found that Rosenberg was distraught over an ugly divorce , the death of his mother and the murder of a client , Khalil Musa , and his daughter , Marjorie , who was Rosenberg 's girlfriend .
The lawyer blamed government officials for the double slaying , which he linked to a money laundering plot .
There are only two types of Lost fans : those who watch the show for the Characters , and those who watch the show for the Mythology .
The statement I just made is , of course , a false one .
It reflects a gross generalization , which oversimplifies the complex motivations of a wide spectrum of individuals into two categories .
Look no further than the Season Five finale , The Incident , for evidence that the definitions of ‘ character ’ and ‘ mythology ’ overlap each other as to make the classification nearly meaningless .
Jacob , the central force lurking behind all Lost mythology , is in fact a character .
Nevertheless , that exact thought has probably crossed the mind of every person reading this article , in one form or another , at some point in time .
Our world is so complex and chaotic , that if we never made such generalizations , if we never drew such dividing lines , then we could never understand anything .
All science , art , and even language depends upon a binary choice between ‘ X ’ and ‘ not - X ’ .
Even when we stare into a random and meaningless abyss , a Rorschach inkblot , we instinctively need to find some greater meaning within it , to find some pattern in the black ink on white background .
When presented with a choice between two options , neutrality is nearly impossible .
Personally , I know where I stand on most of Lost ’s dueling opposites .
The characters are more important than mythology .
Season
One is much stronger than Season Five .
Terry O’Quinn is a far better actor than Michael Emerson .
Jack is many times more interesting than James .
Exposé kicks ass .
Jack belongs with Juliet , and Kate should be with Sawyer .
I hope that Widmore defeats Linus , and that Jacob loses to his nemesis .
Science should always triumph over faith .
I prefer one immutable timeline over alternate universes , and I prefer John Locke over everyone and everything .
( While I ’m at it , Elvis made better music than the Beatles , Manning is a better quarterback than Brady , Batman is better hero than Superman , Latin is more beautiful than Greek , but the Greeks themselves were more interesting than the Romans . )
On an intellectual level , I understand the validity of the opposite perspectives , but , on an emotional level , I ’m also 100 % convinced that my opinions are correct .
At its best , Lost presents us with a world of black - and - white dichotomies in perfect symmetry , but then exposes the truth in all of its shades of gray .
Along the way , we can revel in the conflicts and enjoy choosing sides .
Those who refuse to take sides , in the words of Rose and Bernard in this episode , simply do n't care .
True objectivity functions no differently from apathy .
Ultimately , our reactions , opinions , and preferences reveal more about ourselves than about the artwork itself .
The two - part episode The Incident presents two stories in parallel : a science - fiction adventure involving time - travel , electro - magnetism , and a mad scientist hoping to change things with a hydrogen bomb ; and a fantasy myth involving mortals enslaved by ancient demigods , trying to change things with a knife and sacrificial fire .
( In keeping with the disclaimer introduced earlier , it must be noted that ‘ science ’ and ‘ fantasy ’ are terms loosely applied , and that perhaps even the Jacob story might craft a more plausible scientific explanation than the Incident itself . )
This work of fiction exists somewhere at the intersection of drama , sci-fi , and fantasy , but wholly within the category of Mythology .
The episode ’s first images evoke the dawn of human culture , the harnessed power of fire , shelters made of rock , hand - spun clothing and sandals , and primitive tools to gather fish from the ocean .
After mankind adapted the necessary technology to survive , his mind began to expand to other pursuits , darkening his bare walls to produce painted images , carving majestic statues into rock , weaving decorative tapestries dyed different colors , telling stories through language , and even building ships to explore the seas ( and planes to conquer the skies ) .
Although Stanley Kubrick ’s 2001 : A Space Odyssey still holds the record for the longest flash - forward in cinema history , the centuries - long transition after the opening scene achieves a similar narrative effect .
Even though man has evolved from taming the Promethean fire to building Edison ’s light bulb to unleashing the power of the atom , our civilization is still in its infancy .
Human beings themselves have not matured at the same rate as our technological progress .
“ They come .
They fight .
They destroy .
They corrupt .
It always ends the same . ”
The same petty jealousies that motivated the biblical rivalry of Jacob and Esau , also inform our nuclear - age warfare .
A doctor can now perform once - unthinkable paralysis - saving surgery on your spine , but can that same doctor ever fix his own backbone when dealing with his father ?
Even our artwork , after generations of progress from cave paintings to wireless transmission of digital media , have also taken us from Homer to New Kids on the Block .
LOCKE : Years later a visiting prince came into Michelangelo 's studio and found the master staring at a single 18 foot block of marble .
Then he knew that the rumors were true -- that Michelangelo had come in everyday for the last four months , stared at the marble , and gone home for his supper .
So the prince asked the obvious -- what are you doing ?
And Michelangelo turned around and looked at him , and whispered , sto lavorando , I 'm working .
Three years later that block of marble was the statue of David .
Two special artifacts from this classic opening scene , which are revisited at the ending of the episode , deserve special attention .
The first is Jacob ’s tapestry .
The meticulously hand - crafted decoration initially appears in incomplete form .
He has emblazoned the top section of the tapestry with ancient Greek lettering , a phrase from Homer ’s Odyssey : “ May the Gods grant thee all that thy heart desires ” .
Under those letters , the Egyptian symbol of the Eye of Horus , a symbol of divine power , occupies the center , between two massive wings .
When Ben arrives at the statue centuries later , Jacob ’s masterpiece is complete .
Arms stretch down from the eye , towards nine human figures , while two kings observe from both sides .
The image offers a visual representation of Jacob ’s long - term plan , to give each piece ‘ a little push ’ into place for his endgame .
Presumably , those nine individuals correspond to Kate , Sawyer , Sayid , Ilana , Locke , Sun , Jin , Jack , and Hurley ( although Ben might be the final person , as Ben received Jacob ’s touch rather than Ilana ) .
Much like the sequence of literal and figurative long cons that preceded this one , the tapestry doubles as a metaphor for the show ’s writing process .
The gods of this particular story , writers Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse , strung the audience along for several years , slowly revealing pieces , painting each character with care , until it was time to unveil this man behind the curtain .
Of course , they understood that the journey was more important than the final destination .
As Jacob later confesses : “ It takes a very long time when you 're making the thread , but , uh ... I suppose that 's the point , is n't it ? ” .
Allusions to outside mythology , of course , occur quite frequently on Lost .
For every direct reference that the show makes , there are a dozen other meaningful comparisons to be made , some intentional ( such as Apollo the son of Zeus , or Everything That Rises Must Converge ) but many others are merely fortuitous .
Minds working independently across the globe tend to converge on the same core ideas or mythemes .
Mythology scholars have produced a number of different theories to explain why authors from different cultures , without any direct contact , produce legends with such striking similarities .
Each theory of mythology necessary rests on a simplification and generalization , more valid for some works than for others .
In my assessment , the work of French anthropologist Claude Lévi-Strauss offers the deepest insight into the objectives of Lost - style myth - making .
Lévi-Strauss posited that human beings organize information primarily through binary oppositions ( pairs like faith - empiricism , freedom - determinism ) .
The underlying storytelling purpose of any myth is to unify those irreconcilable opposites , or at least create the illusion that the conflict has been resolved .
Through the clash of thesis and antithesis , we can arrive at a synthesis .
The commonly - cited analysis of the tragedy of Oedipus Rex offers a useful example : Sophocles revealed the consequences for a son showing not nearly enough affection for one parent , by killing his father ; and far too much affection for the other parent , by marrying his mother .
The great Lost myth revolves around the mirroring psyches of its pair of heroes , Jack Shephard and John Locke , one child who received far too much parenting ( with Christian pushing his adult son around the clock ) and another child who received far too little parenting ( with Cooper pushing his adult son out of the eight - story window ) .
The endless dichotomies of Lost are indeed false ones , and no one who chooses one extreme side , can ever be fully correct .
LOCKE : Backgammon is the oldest game in the world .
Archeologists found sets when they excavated the ruins of ancient Mesopotamia .
Five thousand years old .
That 's older than Jesus Christ .
WALT : Did they have dice and stuff ?
LOCKE : [ nods ]
But theirs were n't made of plastic .
Their dice were made of bones .
WALT : Cool .
LOCKE : Two players .
Two sides .
One is light … one is dark .
The second key artifact is Jacob ’s home , the Statue itself .
As confirmed through outside sources ( although hardly apparent from the actual episode ) , the Statue represents the hippopotamus - headed Egyptian fertility goddess Tawaret .
( The interior chamber also includes a painting of the Egyptian deity Isis , another goddess similarly associated with protection , birth , and motherhood . )
Before this revelation , many people , including myself , predicted incorrectly that the Statue would depict Anubis , the jackal - faced god of death , judgment , and the underworld .
Images of Anubis last appeared during Season Five 's Dead is Dead , on the tunnel walls where Linus confronted the black Smoke , also known by its Greek mythological moniker , Cerberus .
The overall implication here is that the dividing lines have been drawn , with Jacob ’s light side linked to Life , with the Man in Black associated with Death .
In flashback , Jacob ’s touch breathes life in Locke ’s fallen body , while his nemesis apparently has been manipulating corpses for years to help him commit a murder .
Among the ancient secrets revealed in this episode , Ricardus answers Ilana ’s ongoing riddle “ What lies in the shadow of the Statue ? ” with the Latin phrase : ille qui nos omnes servabit .
The standard translation apparently characterizes Jacob as a messiah figure : the one who will save us all .
Despite all preliminary indications , it would be a premature mistake to equate the light - dark imagery with a good - evil metaphor .
As Frank Lapidus wisely remarks : “ In my experience , the people who go out of their way to tell you that the good guys are the bad guys . ”
The basic conclusions are undisputed : Jacob wants to keep bringing people to the Island to bring about an Ending , while the Man in Black wants to kill Jacob and keep the Island isolated .
( The physical acting of the two rivals even conveys their dueling outlooks , with Mark Pellegrino relaxing as he scans the horizon , but with Titus Welliver squinting uncomfortably in the reflected sunlight . )
Conceivably , Jacob ’s Ending , his desire for change , could include the death of all mankind , to make way for the birth of a new progressive era .
A phrase on the bottom of his tapestry offers a foreboding hint of Jacob ’s final solution to end human corruption : “ Only the dead have seen the end of war ” .
Keep in mind , the first on - screen action of Jacob , the great fisher of men , was to gather life from the ocean , rip its guts out , and then devour it .
( Here is another fun etymological fact for all of the Latin lovers out there .
Early in the episode , Bram and Ilana share a cryptic exchange about whether Frank might be a Candidate for their side , a term that undoubtedly will reappear in Season Six scripts .
The Latin adjective candidatus literally means “ dressed in white , ” and Mr. Lapidus clearly fits that bill .
The word developed its English meaning from the white gowns worn by Romans seeking senatorial election .
The word also shares a common origin with the adjective candidus which could be used for its literal meaning of “ white , ” or in a more figurative sense as “ clear ” , “ candid ” , or in other words “ Frank . ” )
MIKHAIL : Ha !
Do n’t waste your time .
For ten years I have tried to defeat that game .
But it was programmed by three grand masters .
And it cheats .
LOCKE : Hmm .
Well , I ’ve played a lot of computers and I ’m pretty sure they do n’t know how to cheat .
That ’s what makes being human so distinctly wonderful .
For the first time , The Incident allows the viewer to rise up from a ground - level view of the game pieces on earth , to see the chess board from the player ’s perspective in the sky .
The story begins with the Man in White and the Man in Black trapped in an eternal stalemate .
The fisherman Jacob gathers people from the seas , and then his enemy the hunter watches them destroy each other .
Like the layman ’s definition of insanity , Jacob repeats the same action over and over , while expecting a different result , faithful that one day the humans will change their nature , and the outcome .
As Jacob points out , though , time is on his side : only one counterexample is necessary to disprove a negative .
The rules of the game favor an endless cycle of perfectly symmetrical violence , until one of the players can find a way to change , break , or at least bend the rules .
The Man in Black found the loophole in the rules that would allow him to kill Jacob .
Evidently , he needed to impersonate Locke ( and a number of other departed souls along the way ) in order to persuade Ben , the leader of the Others , to choose to murder Jacob .
At the same time , Jacob knew that his opponent would exploit the technicality eventually .
In response , Jacob found his own way to cheat the rules : he brought a handful of special individuals to the Island , so that they could erase the events that lead to his death .
To borrow a key phrase from Lost creator J.J. Abrams ’ 2009 Star Trek opus : “ Going back in time , changing history ... that 's cheating . ”
Both master plans required a tremendous degree of faith in mankind : Jacob placed his confidence in the better angels of our nature , the ability of separate individuals to collaborate on one final goal ; the Man in Black went all - in gambling on the inherent weakness of Locke , the corruption of Ben , and the mindlessness of his followers .
Their debate about whether mankind can change its nature arrives alongside the time - travel corollary question of whether human beings can alter their future .
The “ we ’re the variables ” framework presented in Season Five - note the emphasis on the plural - suggests that one person acting alone cannot alter history .
Due to our natural tendency to oppose each other , the reactions of some other person will negate that action .
Season
Five 's test case demonstrated the principle , as Kate 's efforts to save little Benjamin negated Sayid 's attempts to destroy him .
The light will drive away the darkness , and vice - versa .
However , if enough individuals combine in an effort to alter history , then the magnetism of their aggregate positive charge can overcome the negative pull .
When the dark energy approaches the Swan ( Jack , Sayid , Jin , and Hurley - all shown as adults in flashback ) , the forces of light gather to stop them ( James , Juliet , and Kate – each one appearing as a child ) .
The ensuing argument between echoes the central time - travel issue of Season Five : James asserts “ What ’s done is done , ” and Jack responds “ If it ’s meant to be , it ’s meant to be . ”
The resulting boxing match between the Black - Jack and Light - LaFleur depicts the larger war between the dueling demigods in microcosm : the two men are evenly matched when trading punches , so James exploits a few holes in Jack ’s rulebook .
In the end , though , one side prevails with nothing more than a little push to tip the scales .
Juliet ’s paradoxical , circular logic , a freely - willed decision grounded on her concept of predestination , resolves the conflict into its synthesis .
BERNARD : You realize we 're the only two married guys on the island ?
[ He shows his ring ]
BERNARD : Married ?
JIN : Married .
BERNARD : Yeah , well , no , not to each other .
No. ( laughing )
You got it .
It 's not easy , is it ?
Oh , I mean , it 's -- it 's wonderful , but ... let 's face it , every decision that you make takes twice as long .
' Cause you always gotta talk them into it .
The episode ’s black - and - white motif takes on a completely different meaning in the context of the Island ’s two married couples .
Part
One includes the long - awaited return of Rose and Bernard , a couple whose bond transcends not only the color barrier between black and white , but also the perhaps deeper divide between a woman of faith and a man of science .
The retired couple sets the example that the children refuse to follow , to lay down their differences and evolve into peaceful harmony .
Subsequent flashbacks also reunite our other married couple , the wedding between Sun in her white dress and Jin in his black tuxedo .
Western observers often mistakenly refer to the prominent Eastern symbols of yin and yang , as images of the struggle between good and evil .
On the contrary , the black - and - white emblem common from Chinese philosophy ( also incorporated into the flag of South Korea ) represents duality rather than polarity .
The dark and the light , the male and the female , instead of opposing each other become unified halves of a stronger whole .
Jin provides another useful image : “ We will never be apart , because being apart would be like the sky being apart from the earth . ”
Their wedding rings reinforce the idea of interconnectedness between the two halves of the same story , an unbreakable bond despite decades of separation .
Sun ’s later discovery of Charlie ’s Driveshaft ring suggests a similar connection between the living and the dead , the past and the future .
On a more depressing note , this episode also includes a third married couple , with the tragedy of Sayid and Nadia .
While Sayid bleeds to death from his gunshot wound on the island , he suffers a deeper wound in flashback , his own sky being ripped away from his earth .
In what is either a sheer accident , or the product of intelligent design , the dark and light phenomenon even extends into the ongoing turmoil between the episode ’s four romantic leads .
On the physical level , James and Juliet share the same light - haired , lighter - eyed look of Jacob , while Jack and Kate share the same dark - haired , darker - eyed look of his nemesis .
As Radzinsky might attest , basic electromagnetism holds that like charges repel and opposite charges attract .
Even heading into the final season , the love quadrangle has never settled into a stable equilibrium , due to a peculiar mix of shared - physical - traits - with - opposite - personality - traits and vice versa .
If you wanted a second opinion from Dr. Freud , then he could tell you a thing or too about Ms. Austen and Mrs. Shephard , Ms. Burke and Mrs. Ford .
( Speaking of Freud , what can a psychoanalyst say about writers who changed temporarily the name of one of its leads from the revenge - driven Sawyer to flower - sniffing LaFleur .
The Flower , as it translates from French to English , is traditionally associated with femininity , fertility , and even serves a common symbol for a certain part of the female anatomy .
Fortunately , The Incident confirms that , “ there ai n’t no more LaFleur , ” and with it the nominal castration of James Ford comes to an end . )
The Incident focuses much of its creative energy on manufacturing motivations for each of the four lovers , to join forces to detonate Jughead , mostly at the expense of the supporting players .
For each of these four characters , Lindelof and Cuse go too far in spelling out the answers to the audience in childish black - and - white terms , when shades of adult gray would have sufficed .
KATE : So , do you believe it ?
JACK : Believe what ?
KATE : That everything 's going to be okay ?
JACK : Yeah , I do .
KATE : Kind of unlike you -- the whole glass half - full thing .
JACK : There 's a glass ?
The childish immaturity of adults often comes across in a negative light , but child - like innocence can also be seen as a positive trait .
Hurley , more than any other character , has been blessed ( or , depending on your perspective , cursed ) with the heart of a child .
The adult Hugo not only enjoys a nice cherry Fruit Rollup on his ride home from jail , but he is thoughtful enough to offer to share it with a stranger .
Just as any girl Juliet ’s age will blame her own actions for her parents ’ failed marriage , Hurley similarly internalizes the misfortunes of others as his own personal shortcoming .
Hurley ’s conversation with Jacob carries the same tune as any kid in need of parental guidance .
Jacob ’s words add another classic binary opposition to this tapestry of black and white : optimism and pessimism .
There are always two ways to look at any situation .
Even the darkest curse might be viewed as a brilliant blessing in disguise .
As a point of caution , though , the converse of that principle also holds some merit .
Throughout this story , Jack plays the unlikely role of a zealous optimist .
Absolutely confident in the plan ’s improbable success , he illuminates all of the wonderful merits of the revised timeline ( Sayid ’s life will be saved , Jin will get reunite with Sun , Claire will have the chance to keep Aaron , etc. ) .
Foolish optimism can be a more dangerous force than cautious pessimism .
His alternate future easily could result in an abyss of darkness , rather than a beacon of sunshine .
After so many rays of hope , the story of John Locke now ends in the gloomiest depths of tragedy .
Frank quotes the same eternal question that links together Through the Looking Glass with There ’s No Place Like Home : “ What ’s in the box ? ” .
Three years later , the answer remains the same : Locke ’s rotting corpse .
John 's life ended with him alone , miserable , and a failure .
He was a puppet on strings , pulled by Cooper , by Ben , and by the Man in Black , and then discarded as a piece of trash , like on the day he was born .
In a way , the entity now occupying Locke ’s body has been fulfilling John Locke ’s lifelong dreams .
Locke always wanted to become a decisive leader , a man strong enough stand up to the Coopers and Linuses and Jacobs of the world .
This master pulling the strings is unburdened by John ’s emotional scars , his neediness , his self - doubt , even his morality .
John ’s ambitions of divinity could not be reconciled with his identity as a mortal , so one of those two needed to die .
Even so , Locke ’s tragic curse can be viewed as a blessing of martyrdom .
Seemingly , Locke ’s last chance for redemption hinges upon the success of Shephard ’s mission to erase history .
His phony resurrection in The Life and Death of Jeremy Bentham could be explained only by a cheap deus ex machina .
The alternative option , resuming his life in a wheelchair at LAX , would be the product of his own leadership , the effect of mentoring Jack into a true believer .
Jack drops the warhead onto the Swan site , like a kid tossing a coin into a wishing well , with the hope that when the magic box opens again , whatever he imagines will come true .
LOCKE : You have to do it .
JACK : You do it yourself , John .
LOCKE : No , you saw the film , Jack .
This is a two person job , at least . [… ]
I can't do this alone , Jack .
I do n't want to .
It 's a leap of faith , Jack .
Jack ’s mad quest to detonate the bomb and prevent the Incident should remind the audience of Locke ’s equally mad quest to end the 108 - minute cycle of button - pushing once and for all .
The content of Season Two ’s Live Together , Die Alone resembles
The Incident in other ways as well , a two - hour flashback episode to introduce a new character , with a timer ticking down to a scheduled event , which ends with one last heroic gesture to " make it all go away " in a flash of light .
( Also , it never hurts to add liberal doses of the Great Radzinsky into your script . )
These two episodes pull their characters violently towards the same magnetic focal point , with metal projectiles flying through the air .
In each case , the man of faith puts his blind beliefs to an empirical test , to find a yes - or - no , black - and - white scientific question .
Locke told us : “ I ’m more sure about this than anything in my entire life , ” and he was wrong .
For Jack , the words are : “ Nothing ... nothing in my life has ever felt so right . ”
( These statements also reveal a great deal about the degree of confidence the two men felt in themselves over the years . )
The destinies of these two great men have been intertwined quite beautifully .
Indeed , the outcome of one question hinges upon the answer to the other .
If Jack had succeeded in destroying the energy , then Locke would have been correct as the timer ticked down to zero .
On the other hand , if the Button truly served no purpose , then Oceanic 815 would have crashed regardless of any Incident , and Jack ’s plan would have no effect on the timeline .
I cannot help but admire their pure strength of will required to risk everything , seemingly beyond good and evil , beyond fate and free will .
Lost ’s famous Live Together , Die Alone dichotomy reappears in another form , in the story of Juliet .
When Jack first spoke those words in Season One ’s White Rabbit , he phrased it as an either - or choice : “ if we ca n’t live together , then we ’re going to die alone . ”
When Juliet references the mantra in The Incident , she makes a crucial misstatement , “ Live together and die alone ” ( at least , according to the closed - captions on my DVD . )
A few minutes later , Juliet indeed does die alone , in the hope that everyone else might live again , together at LAX .
The method of her death , proved to be an inspired creative choice .
James , who tried desperately to lift John from the well in This Place is Death , once again found himself on the losing end of a tug - of - war with the grim reaper .
Despite moving on from the death of his parents to build a new life , he finds himself in the same place as his childhood self in Tennessee , losing the woman he loves most in the world .
The magnetically - charged chains , pulling her down into the gaping hole , offers a more scientific counterpart to the fantasy - inspired image of the Smoke Monster ’s black hand of Death .
Chains commonly serve as a symbol of restraint , imprisonment , inevitability , the antithesis of human liberty .
In the famous words of Jean - Jacques Rousseau , " Man is born free , and everywhere he is in chains . "
Pulled underground against her will , Juliet makes one last free choice , to erase countless freely - willed decisions of others .
She achieves her destiny by destroying the chain of events that caused her to fulfill that destiny .
When the final white screen with black letters appears for the first time , after five years of white - on - black writing , the implication is clear : the Lost universe as we know it has inverted itself .
The central binary dilemma of Season Five hangs in the balance with the flash of light .
Two players , two sides .
Did the events of the Season - Five - ending Incident prevent the Season One-opening Pilot ’s crash of Oceanic 815 ?
Or did the characters cause the very future they were trying to prevent ?
Both options offer a mix of positives and negatives .
A brand new timeline would offer fresh storytelling opportunities , and a chance to revisit old friends long gone .
On the other hand , the explosion would also incinerate the entire five - season hand - crafted tapestry of the Island story .
The entire post -1977 universe , including the 2007 storyline of the Incident , would amount to nothing more than a dream .
Preserving the old timeline would re-affirm the show ’s fundamental rules for meaningful storytelling stakes : dead is dead ; whatever happened , happened .
With that solution , the entire time - travel story arc that lead to this finale event , and all those post - cliffhanger months of anticipation , would become meaningless .
( Logistically , I do n’t think either solution even makes much logical sense . )
Perhaps the fatal flaw of this debate is that we view it as a debate .
As Juliet did , maybe we should simple replace the word ‘ OR ’ with the word ‘ AND ’ .
There can be two universes , one in which Jacob succeeds , and one in which the Man in Black succeeds .
Instead of conflict , we can find harmony .
As the men who first painted on cave walls understood , one color is not enough .
A world of pure white and a world of pure black would be indistinguishable from chaos .
But , when you combine the dark and the light in some kind of balance , then any work of art becomes possible .
Scott Brown , a candidate in the special election for Ted Kennedy ’s Senate seat , claimed on Monday that his past opposition to providing EC to rape victims is " irrelevant . "
In 2005 , Brown , a Massachusetts state senator , proposed an amendment to an emergency contraception bill that would have allowed doctors or nurses who did n’t like EC to refuse treatment to rape victims .
Far from irrelevant , the amendment was shocking then and is shocking now .
Megan Carpentier takes Brown to task brilliantly on Air America , responding , in particular , to his claim that the right to withhold EC is " not about the victim . "
In 2005 , Brown defended his amendment as follows :
" Through our conversations , I ’ve heard , ‘ what if somebody has a sincerely held religious conviction about dispensing the emergency contraception medication ?
What about their rights ?
How do we address those ? ’ ’’ Brown said on the Senate floor , according to a State House News Service transcript .
Brown added that a rape victim would be referred to another facility at no additional cost .
" It ’s not about the victim . "
Carpentier responds :
I am certain that a victim raped in Lee , Massachusetts who endures the 11 mile drive to the hospital in Great Barrington only to be turned away by a Christian emergency room nurse ( who objects to emergency contraception she herself does n't have to take ) would n't mind at all then going to a hospital in Pittsfield ( 21 miles ) , Hudson , NY ( 27 miles ) or Westfield ( 47 miles ) in order to get the medical care she needs , as long as it's a free ride .
Brown ’s amendment is important , and we should be talking about it , because the cost of " provider conscience rules " is often overlooked .
Brown ’s amendment is totally out of line with our values as a society — our conviction that a person who goes through something terrible , like rape , should be cared for as quickly and as compassionately as possible .
Anyone who wants to change the way rape victims are cared for is welcome to have a conversation about just that — rape victims , and how they should be treated .
To talk about anything else , such as the " rights " of people with " religious convictions , " is to miss the issue in an amendment like this .
Any other consideration , to borrow Brown ’s phrase , is a red herring .
What was going on in Scott Brown ’s head , and what does he believe ?
As the Globe points out , Brown ’s record on choice is inconsistent .
In 2007 , he voted in favor of a 35 - foot no -protester zone around abortion clinics , and he claims to support Roe v. Wade .
In the past few years , provider conscience rules have become increasingly trendy among conservatives ; perhaps the GOP serpent was whispering in Brown ’s ear in 2005 .
Whatever his motivation , he should be held accountable , and his refusal this week to address the amendment is unwise and unacceptable .
Where did Brown get the idea that medical care is about the prejudices of the provider ?
Would he like to explain how such a philosophy would affect health care in America ?
So the question is not , why is Martha Coakley talking about a state Senate amendment from 2005 ?
but rather , how could she not ?
Particularly when Brown has the gall to assert that refusing a woman medical care has nothing to do with that woman .
Au contraire , Brown ’s amendment has everything to do with rape victims , and his attitude towards these women has everything to do with the upcoming special election .
Every Massachusetts voter should think about whether he or she would want to be refused a potentially life - changing service after a traumatic experience .
Also pertinent is Brown ’s newly - acquired endorsement from the Massachusetts Citizens for Life , who did not back him in 2004 .
( One wonders if Brown is entirely happy to receive this support . )
John Rowe , chairman of MCFL 's federal political action committee , " believes that Brown ’s position has evolved " :
" We always welcome people coming over to our side , ’’ he said .
What side is that , exactly , Mr. Brown ?
Why do n’t you fill us in .
Screenings fail to properly identify cancers resulting in unnecessary treatment
Cancer industry generally refuses to admit a problem exists
Mammography can actually cause cancer
Thermography preferable to mammography
( Natural News ) Dr. Otis Brawley , chief medical officer of the American Cancer Society , recently participated in an interview with the New York Times concerning aanalysis of breast and prostate cancer screening .
The study questioned the legitimacy of such screenings in saving lives , a notion confirmed by Dr. Brawley as legitimate .
Adding that the supposed benefits of screening have been " exaggerated " , Dr. Brawley 's comments have fueled a firestorm of controversy since they fly in the face of what the organization has been saying and promoting for years .
Prostate - specific antigen ( PSA ) cancer screenings are considered by many to be ineffective in identifying legitimate cancers and in reducing prostate cancer deaths .
Eric Larson , a physician serving as executive director of the Group Health Center for Health Studies in Seattle , is one such person .
Because there has been no demonstrated benefit to screenings ( and they often lead to needless procedures and complications ) , Mr. Larson continually refuses to receive annual PSA cancer screenings until any alleged benefit can be proven scientifically .
Since PSA screenings first began , the number of prostate cancer diagnoses have increased while advanced and late - stage cancers have remained roughly the same .
Breast cancer screenings , primarily in the form of mammography , have a similar track record of failure .
The journal report notes that since screenings began , there has been a 40 percent increase in diagnoses and a near doubling of early - stage cancers with only a 10 percent decrease in late - stage cancers that spread throughout the body .
Screenings reveal far more incidences of both breast and prostate cancers but do virtually nothing to curb their promulgation and the outcome that ensues .
Researchers note that , if screenings lived up to the promises made about them , late - stage cancers that were formerly incurable because they were found too late would now be discovered earlier when they could be cured .
Unfortunately , this has not been the case .
While some still see screening as essential and beneficial , despite evidence to the contrary , others recognize the potential dangers of screening .
Dr. Laura Esserman of the University of California , San Francisco , and Dr. Ian Thompson of the University of Texas Health Science Center , San Antonio , both believe that prostate and breast cancer screenings pose inherent problems that people must be aware of before getting them .
Cancer screenings often identify cancers that should not be identified due to the fact that , if left alone , they would never spread or cause harm .
Dormant cancers that will never spread in the body are often pinpointed by screenings and treated as though they are harmful .
Detection of these innocuous cancers can be attributed to the tremendous increase in diagnoses over the years .
Screenings are wholly unable to differentiate between innocuous and deadly cancers .
Harmless cancers are often identified and aggressively treated .
Malignant cancers are often missed or discovered too late , proving the point that screenings are largely useless .
What astounds concerned doctors and researchers is the fact that analysis into how to properly differentiate between malignant and benign cancers when screening has never been performed and does not seem to be a priority for the cancer industry .
with no effort being made to develop useful screening methods .
Objection to " overdiagnosis " using flawed screening methods is considered a major faux pas in mainstream cancer circles .
Regardless of documented evidence citing flawed methodology , many in the industry refuse to accept that the existing screening procedure is both flawed and dangerous .
Aside from unneeded treatments that may result from improper diagnoses , women screened for breast cancer using mammography undergo tremendous exposure to ionizing radiation every time they are screened ..
Continual exposure to excessive levels of radiation due to receiving annual mammograms greatly increases a woman 's risk of developing breast cancer .
Mammograms have about a 70 percent failure rate , routinely detecting non-existent tumors .
Consequently , many women undergo invasive biopsies needlessly .
Women with a continued interest in breast cancer screening would do well to choose thermography rather than mammography .
Thermography utilizes digital infrared imaging , a safe detection method that analyzes body heat levels in and around the breasts .
By analyzing blood vessel circulation and metabolic changes that typically accompany the onset of tumorous growths , thermography is arguably the most effective , accurate , and safest breast cancer detection method .
A healthy , cancer - preventative diet is the best way to prevent the onset of malignant cancers .
Keeping the body in an alkaline state by feeding it a diet rich in natural foods will safeguard the body from becoming an environment in which cancer can thrive and replicate .
Vitamin D , curcumin , chaparral , garlic , and aloe vera are a few of the many beneficial nutrients that will serve the body well in preventing cancer .
Raw brazil nuts , rich in selenium , and saw palmetto are two superb nutrients for maintaining a healthy prostate .
The TV show LOST is all about ruins .?
The island itself is a living museum , a place where the relics of millennia - old statues rest side by side with downed aircraft and underground research stations , all of them abandoned fossils of our cultural evolution .
A huge part of the show`s appeal has been the Indiana Jones - esque exploration of these ruins .
It`s one of the reasons I`m such a big LOST fan .
Click through to relive the adventure .
I could wax lyrical all day about how meaningful ( and awesome ) it is to have a place littered with great works of ancient culture right alongside mementos of modern - era slavery , sci - fi technology , and new - age hippy enlightenment .
What is there not to love ?
It`s a series of juxtapositions that enthrall and intrigue , with the common thread of ruin running through them .
We can get high on the notion that once , great things were done here .
Great people built these structures , martialling forces and money almost unimaginable , following grand visions and shooting for eternity .
Now though they are gone , and we wander the culture - casts they have left behind like the snarls of mis-matched detritus washed ashore at high tide .
Like I say , I could go on all day .
“ Ozymandias , King of Kings ! ”
But that`s probably enough , and I`ll get on with it .
This article is a run-down of all of the best ruins on LOST .
You might not want to read if you haven`t seen any of season 6 yet .
SPOILERS .
The Swan Hatch
The first of the Dharma hatches , inhabited by a ghost of a man called Desmond who pushes a button every 108 minutes to save the world .
He doesn`t understand why he`s doing it , he doesn`t know who the Dharma Initiative were or what they wanted , he`s just a lost soul trapped in a decaying machine .
Sealed - off escape hatch Locke and Boone try to smash in .
The geodesic button dome .
Ruins graffiti- regular paint .
Ruins graffiti 2 - ultra violet paint .
Ruin of a ruin - what remains three years after Desmond turned the fail - safe key .
Henry Gale`s Balloon
Because a ruined balloon is cool .
The Black Rock
The first time to see this I was awed .
This is the kind of ruin I dream of finding myself .
Of course it`s not going to happen like this , but there are similar things .
The Black Rock was a slave ship , complete with manacled corpses below decks .
Locke and Sawyer heading to kill Cooper in the Brig .
Nigerian Drug Beechcraft Plane
Another awesome ruin , sucked in by the Island`s magnet power .
It also points the way to the Pearl Observation Hatch .
The Pearl Hatch
A ruin with working lights and televisual equipment is a great find .
This huge stack is very emotive of the ruins feeling - a kind of loneliness .
Even while it was functional , the work they were doing inside was being ignored .
The Looking Glass
Charlie dies .
Sad. Idea for an underwater hatch though is awesome .
The Orchid
The fifth or sixth hatch in the show ( I haven`t included the Flame , the Door , the Caduceus , or the Arrow because they`re unremarkable ) .
After a while Dharma fatigue sets in , and exploring the ruins of their stations gets a bit less exciting .
Still , this one is cool , and leads to cooler stuff still ( the frozen Donkey Wheel ) .
The Well beside the Orchid- an alternate route to the Donkey Wheel .
The route Ben takes to the Wheel , through the time - travel room .
Hierogylphs in all these ancient ruins .
The Ruins
Where Ben ties up Cooper , and tells Locke to kill him .
Really just one pillar .
The Statue of Taweret
The gradual reveal of the Taweret statue let us feel like we were explorers ourselves , gradually piecing together the whole structure .
Four toes , seen from the sea .
Seen by Locke`s party in season 5 .
Seen from the jungle by time - travelling Jin and crew .
In full glory , beginning of season 5 .
Jacob`s view up .
The sideways track has it underwater .
The Temple Wall
Built so normal people can`t see the Others` temple .
Covered in hieroglyphs and vines .
Access to the Temple and to the Cerberus Chamber from here .
Jin freaking out .
Hieroglyphs .
Tunnels / The Cerberus Chamber
The home of the smoke monster .
Egyptian God ( Taweret ? ) summons the smoke monster , detail on the chamber wall .
Looking for a bomb .
The Temple
After having this place hinted at since season three , it`s great to finally see it .
Awesome new scary jungle music to go with it too .
It looks more Mayan than other Egyptian stuff on the island ( Taweret and hieroglyphs ) led us to expect .
Fountain of Life .
That`s it .
Phew , what an adventure .
I thought a while back to put together posts of fantasy ruins - excerpting famous apocalypse movies and TV shows .
It takes a long time but is quite fun , so maybe I`ll do some more .
If you`d like to see that , let me know .
Many of these images I sourced by going through old episodes and screen - shooting them myself , others I got from Google , and many came from the excellent lostpedia.org .
See more SF / Fantasy Ruins here :
[ album id=8 template=compact ]
See all my real world ‘ haik yo / ruin ’ explores in Japan here :
[ album id=4 template=compact ]
See a curation of curious world ruins here .
Read my stories inspired by ruin here .
If you like what you ’ve read here - why not subscribe to the email newsletter for free updates .
The pop master gives us an exclusive peek to mark the release tomorrow of A Reality Tour , the live double album of his acclaimed 2003 - 4 world tour
I 've chosen the songs that I 've been playing the most over the last month .
Here they are in no particular order .
Stay with Me by Lorraine Ellison
Ellison only got to record this goose bump - making classic because of a Sinatra cancellation at the studio .
The vocal build and release on this track is galvanising .
Writer Jerry Ragovoy also wrote " Time Is On My Side " .
El Ninõ – For with God No Thing Shall Be Impossible by John Adams ; Deutsches Symphonie - Orchester Berlin , Willard White , Dawn Upshaw , Lorraine Hunt Lieberson , conducted by Kent Nagano
Just over a minute long and propulsive like a storm .
I want to crush furniture .
The emotional in search of the divine .
Junker 's Blues by Champion Jack Dupree
Simple , beautiful New Orleans piano .
This 1941 song was the blueprint for Fats Domino 's 1949 hit " The Fat Man " and probably played a part in the making of Professor Longhair 's " Tipitina " .
Nixon in China : Act I , Scene 1 ; ' Soldiers of Heaven Hold the Sky ' by John Adams ; Orchestra of St Luke's , Edo de Waart
Adams 's minimalism disguises the rich romanticism of his melodies .
Ever ascending , rising through the clouds .
Embroidering Pouch by Peng Liyuan
Hugely huge in China .
Peng holds the rank of major general in the People 's Liberation Army .
I have a thing about Chinese folk music , OK ?
All These Deserters by Boxharp
Mystical country .
An eerie yellowing photograph .
Wood Beez ( Pray Like Aretha Franklin ) by Scritti Politti
Who could dislike this glistening 1984 beauty ?
The upside of the 80s .
Dinner at Eight by Rufus Wainwright
There are n't that many son / father songs but this is the best of them as far as I know .
Rufus is just simply one of the great writers .
Different Trains I : America -Before the War by Steve Reich ; Kronos Quartet
One of the late 20th century 's most affecting works .
I love the use of speech as a source for melody .
But it 's so much more than a concept , it 's also impossibly moving .
Blue Skies by Josephine Baker
I 'm not a big Baker fan but there 's something about this performance that touches me .
I think it 's the break in her voice among all this gaiety and optimism .
Gathering Storm by Godspeed You !
Black Emperor
GYBE are among my , erm , two favourite Montreal bands , Arcade Fire being the other .
All Montreal bands have around nine members , I believe .
Sonny's Lettah ( Anti-Sus Poem ) by Linton Kwesi Johnson
The great Kwesi Johnson at his saddest .
This forceful slice of narrative is part of the continuing evolvement from griot through the Last Poets to Mos Def .
Get Around to It by Arthur Russell
Quite strange but atmospheric .
The late Arthur Russell was supplying all the background effects on his electric cello .
Sénégal Fast - Food by Amadou & Mariam
Let 's dance .
Saw this on Africa Channel or maybe Link last year and play it at least once a week .
What time is it in Paradise indeed ?
Jesus ' Blood Never Failed Me Yet : Tramp with Orchestra by Gavin Bryars ; Hampton String Quartet , Michael Riesman and Orchestra
This will either drive you up the wall or you will produce some amazing drawings while listening to it .
You could probably cook a fish to this as well .
OUR VERDICT by Observer muso Gareth Grundy
While largely reclusive since 2003's Reality , his listening habits are famously current – he was an early champion of the Arcade Fire , for example .
And so it is here , Bowie clocking the prevailing trends for African sounds and the avant - garde disco of the obscure but cultish Arthur Russell .
No one could have predicted the fascination with Chinese folk music , though .
As for the influence of all this on a new album , do n't hold your breath .
Come on David , get a move on …
To hear David Bowie 's selections in a Spotify playlist go to http://bit.ly/6oTqwp
Apparently , my history teacher was wrong and Voltaire never actually said : " I despise what you say but I will defend to the death your right to say it . "
As quotations go , it 's only GCSE clever – an interesting juxtaposition for young teens , a notch above " ' Assume ' makes an ' ass ' out of ' u ' and ' me ' . "
If you 're still quoting it at A - level , that 's OK but you wo n't win any prizes .
In an undergraduate essay , it should get no more credit than " Too many cooks spoil the broth " or " At the start of the war , few of the combatants knew how it was going to end . "
While it's an important sentiment , it should also , in a mature , free country , be an obvious one .
It 's not complicated – it's a truism , not a paradox .
Having accepted it as a premise of our society , we should be talking about more contentious things – whether the pause that electronic equipment now makes between our pressing a button and its obeying is the first step towards Matrix - style insurrection , or how many episodes of Top Gear you can enjoy before your soul is forfeit .
So why , when the small bunch of extremists , bigots and opportunists that is Islam4UK announced that they wanted to stage a demonstration in Wootton Bassett , did the home secretary say he would support attempts to ban it ?
They 're a horrible organisation – an offshoot of the al - Muhajiroun movement that is opposed to the British state and arranged , on the first anniversary of 9/11 , a conference entitled " A Towering Day in History " ( although a pun is always welcome ) .
I can understand completely why Alan Johnson despises what they say , and I agree , but I 'm not certain that outlawing their demonstration qualifies as defending to the death their right to say it .
I hate the idea of the demonstration going ahead .
If Islam4UK were sincere in their desire to point out that Muslim civilians have died in Afghanistan as well as western troops and to express their view that it's an unjust war , then they would n't have chosen Wootton Bassett as the location .
They 've chosen that new mecca for Britain 's expression of military grief because they wish to defile our holy places .
As British right - wingers always say in response to Islamist protests , in most Islamic countries the equivalent would n't be permitted .
That 's both true and a direct index of the liberal democracies ' moral superiority .
When they allow a gay pride march through the real Mecca , Saudi Arabia may be a country worth visiting .
The thing about freedom of speech is that people are allowed to say offensive , indefensible things ; that we need n't fear that because we 're sure that wiser counsels are more likely to convince .
" Let the idiots and bullies speak openly and they will be revealed for what they are ! " is the idea .
It 's a brilliant one and , in confident , educated societies , it almost always works – certainly much more often than any of the alternatives .
Why has Alan Johnson lost confidence in this principle ?
Why have the 700,000 signatories of a Facebook petition calling for the event to be banned ?
I know there are circumstances in which freedom of speech is rightly limited – I 'm not arguing for a repeal of all libel or incitement to hatred laws .
But it 's difficult to see how this demonstration would incite hatred of anyone other than the demonstrators .
Public safety can also be an issue .
I understand that the police could n't let the protest go ahead without a reasonable expectation that it would n't become violent .
But if it is banned , let us be 100 % sure , let our consciences be absolutely clear , that public safety was the reason , not the excuse .
One of the accusations fairly levelled at Islam4UK ( incidentally , having now typed their name three times , I almost feel like it's the most offensive thing about them ) is that they 're cynically trying to garner publicity .
In fact , their leader , Anjem Choudary , admits it , saying : " It is a publicity stunt , you can call it that , to create awareness . "
They 've announced headline - grabbing marches in the past and then cancelled them .
Our response , according to the Muslim Council of Britain , should be " to ensure we do not grant them the oxygen of publicity " .
Whoops .
I may have given them half a lungful .
But this is a situation in which the Islamists and the rabble - rousing , right - wing press are mutually oxygenating .
Islam4UK makes a big splash , probably without even having to go to Wiltshire , and the newspapers get to show outrage and assemble a bunch of scandalised quotes from politicians who should have better things to do .
Middle England is confirmed in its prejudice that there 's nothing to which some Muslims wo n't stoop , and those hostile to the British regime are confirmed in theirs that it smacks of repression .
This would n't happen if we remembered our misattributed GCSE Voltaire .
If it were unthinkable that the demonstration would be banned , other than for reasons of prevention of violence , then the reaction to its being planned would be altogether different .
We 'd accept that , in a free society , people do n't always exercise their freedoms nicely .
And , with less free publicity on offer , the chances of such marches being mooted in the first place would be reduced .
The other great boon of that state of affairs – still nominally this state of affairs , let 's not forget – is that we can reply .
We do n't have to show the slightest respect for other people 's views – just for their right to hold them .
Respect , after all , must be earned .
It 's only freedom of speech that 's a right .
When someone says something which you find stupid or offensive , you can say something back .
You can tell them to fuck off .
They do n't have to , but they 've still been told .
Maybe that 's not your idea of utopia – millions of people screaming : " Fuck off " at each other – but it beats banning it , making an opinion against the law .
When Jan Moir wrote her unpleasant article about Stephen Gately 's death last October , among the perfectly appropriate calls for her to fuck off were some for her to be prosecuted for inciting homophobia .
That 's nonsense .
Her offensive opinion was her right .
To die in defence of that would be honourable , if not entirely natural .
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
Here 's the wing commander ... an injured swallow chick getting some special help to learn to fly again .
Sasso , rescued seven months ago by staff at the Ramat Gan Animal Hospital in Israel , has been put in a harness so he can flap his wings .
It does make him look like one of those old model Spitfires that used to hang in boys ’ bedrooms .
But when he ’s fully recovered he ’ll forget all about looking like looking a bit of a tweet ...
The Oakland freeway collapse was not a government ploy to prove that the Twin Towers collapsed from fire .
by Brian Dunning
Filed under Conspiracy Theories
Skeptoid Podcast # 54
July 10 , 2007
Podcast transcript | Subscribe
Also available in Greek
Listen :
https://skeptoid.com/audio/skeptoid-4054.mp3
Today we 're going to really put the Men in Black under the microscope .
And by Men in Black , I mean blacksmiths .
You know , those evil government conspirators who expect us to believe that steel can be melted by something that ignites at a far lower temperature .
For thousands of years , blacksmiths have been lying to us .
They 've been telling us that they use coal to melt steel for casting , which , according to a poster on the Skeptalk email discussion list , burns at about 560 °F .
Fortunately we know better .
We do n't buy into their lies .
We know that steel melts at 2750 °F , so we know that these blacksmith shops at local living history museums are all part of the government 's master plan of deception .
The whole smithing profession and false history was probably invented by the government to prepare us to believe in their biggest lie :
That the fires inside the World Trade Center could have brought the towers crashing down .
Conspiracy theorists love to quote retired New York deputy fire chief Vincent Dunn , who said " I have never seen melted steel in a building fire . "
But they conveniently omit the second half of his sentence : " But I 've seen a lot of twisted , warped , bent and sagging steel .
What happens is that the steel tries to expand at both ends , but when it can no longer expand , it sags and the surrounding concrete cracks . "
One tactic used by conspiracy theorists that has frustrated engineers is their use of a straw man argument , which is where you repeat your opponent 's position and carefully reframe it to be weaker and obviously false .
Here , the conspiracy theorists have reframed the engineers ' position as stating that the World Trade Center fire melted the steel .
This is not true , no such claim has been made , as actual melting was neither necessary for the collapse nor possible with the amount of heat that was available .
Let 's review the numbers one more time , if you 're not already sick of hearing this over the past six years .
Steel melts , or liquefies , at 2750 °F .
Let 's take that off the table , because nobody claims that it got that hot , and it was n't what happened .
Jet fuel burns at up to 1500 °F .
Within about 10 minutes , the jet fuel was exhausted , and the fire then raged among the building itself : its furniture , rugs , curtains , papers , whatever , and temperatures preceding the collapse reached a maximum of 1832°F , according to the National Institute for Standards and Technology 's analysis of heat damage to the debris , and as simulated using their computational fluid dynamics model known as the Fire Dynamics Simulator .
According to the American Institute of Steel Construction , " Steel loses about 50 percent of its strength at 1100 °F , and at 1800 °F it is probably less than 10 percent . "
Even the lowest end of the temperatures inside the fire were way hotter than the hottest temperatures at which the steel trusses could have maintained integrity .
But for the conspiracy theory to work , you have to dismiss any statements made by any official or independent agency , because they could all be part of the conspiracy .
The only figures considered reliable are those which differ significantly from official reports .
Even expert Rosie O'Donnell told us " It 's the first time in history that fire has melted steel . "
But then , on April 29 , 2007 , fire melted steel for the second time in history .
A freeway accident occurred in Oakland , California that made us all take a second look .
A tanker truck carrying 8,600 gallons of gasoline lost control and crashed on an elevated underpass in the Macarthur Maze , a knot of converging freeway ramps taking cars from the 24 , 80 , 580 , 880 , and 980 freeways and funneling them into the San Francisco - Oakland Bay Bridge toll plaza .
The fuel exploded into flames and burned fiercely for several hours , but it only took minutes for the span above the flames to collapse and fall onto the span below .
The director of Cal Trans , the California state transportation authority , said the heat from the fire had melted the steel girders and bolts that support the concrete roadway .
He said " If you have that kind of heat , you 're going to have this kind of reaction .
We 're not surprised this happened . "
The massive I - beams built into the structure of the freeway overpasses are far thicker and heavier than the lightweight steel trusses supporting the floors of the World Trade Center .
The speedy and graphic nature of this failure demonstrated once and for all how easy it is for heat to soften steel just enough to sag , and that little sag is all it takes for the structure to come apart and then it 's Good Night Ladies .
In Oakland , these giant beams did n't just sag : they squished like they were made of clay .
Happily , the freeway collapse did have a silver lining .
Engineers everywhere breathed a sigh of relief , since this was such a major bitch - slap to the 9/11 conspiracy theorists .
Now maybe those nutballs would shut up and go home , right ?
Maybe even take down their insulting websites .
But is that what happened ?
Do n't bet on it .
Remember how the logic of the conspiracy theorist works : Evidence against their theory is really evidence for the conspiracy .
Within hours , conspiracy theorist blogs and websites were charging that the government staged the Oakland freeway collapse in a transparent attempt to bolster the official version of the World Trade Center events .
Three basic arguments have been made alleging the conspiracy .
First , it just seems consistent with what an evil government might do .
But , like the majority of the 9/11 conspiracy " evidence " , appearing consistent with one possibility in addition to others is hardly proof that that one possibility is the true one .
Second , this fire was outdoors , and not insulated within a building .
For some reason the conspiracy guys have turned this one completely around , saying that an uncontained outdoor fire traps heat in better than an enclosed fire .
This logic is a little too bizarre for this podcaster to attempt to address .
This has nothing to do with oxygen availability , which was the only remotely intelligent extrapolation I could make from this , as the World Trade Center fires were fed not only by airliner sized holes in the side of the building , but also by millions of cubic yards of oxygen inside the buildings .
Finally , the conspiracy guys argue that of all the hundreds of thousands of freeway overpasses in the country , how could this accident just happen to occur at one of the busiest interchanges on the busiest bridge in one of the most traffic congested urban areas in the country ?
If you wanted to deliberately select the most disruptive and highly visible interchange in the country , this is quite possibly the exact one you 'd choose .
The two spans that were destroyed carry 160,000 cars a day .
What are the chances that this is where such an accident would just happen to occur ?
Next to impossible .
Clearly , this location had to be deliberately chosen .
The only possible explanation is that the wreck was staged by the government .
It 's kind of hard to argue against that kind of logic .
So , I say , do n't bother .
People who are smart enough to know better , and educated enough to understand the physical sciences , and yet still believe the conspiracy theories , are beyond help .
Do n't waste your breath on them .
And also , do n't worry that their fantasies will eventually creep into the history books and infect your children , any more than you should worry that the schools will start teaching the Flat Earth theory .
The conspiracy theories are false , so they 're unprovable , and all the evidence will always be against them .
They 're never going to go away , and they 're never going to shut up , and as offensive as their paranoid pipe dreams are to civilized people , they have every right to present them and argue their point of view .
This is the lesson for your children .
Show your children the facts of what happened , and explain why the terrorists did what they did — that 's the easy part — and then expand the lesson to the importance of free speech .
Better if your children first hear these conspiracy theories within the context of an example of protected free expression of an offensive idea .
That way , your children will be better prepared to visit a blacksmith shop , and know when they 're being lied to . ;)
Correction :
An earlier version of this used erroneous blacksmith terminology .
I said they melt steel for casting .
In fact , blacksmiths heat steel to soften it for forging .
My apologies to blacksmiths everywhere .
–BD
By Brian Dunning
Follow @BrianDunning
The police and Shin Bet on Sunday night detained 10 people in the West Bank settlement of Yitzhar , on suspicion of being involved in the torching of a mosque in the Palestinian village of Yasuf last month and in other offenses .
The police reported that Zvi Sukkot of Yitzhar , Eliran Elgali of Yitzhar and Shlomo Gilbert of Elon Moreh , all 20 years old , are suspected of badly damaging Palestinian property .
Two yeshiva students were also detained .
Previous Arrest Suspect in mosque arson released Efrat Weiss Relative of Kach founder Rabbi Meir Kahane who was arrested for alleged involvement in Yasuf village torching released after police verify alibi Mosque arson : Suspect released
During the arrest , the police searched a yeshiva in the settlement and found violent measures , including spikes .
Five other suspects , four of them minors , were arrested on suspicion of rioting in the Samaria area .
The fifth is also suspected of demonstrating outside the home of a Civil Administration inspector .
According to local residents , more than 100 members of the security forces arrived at the community in order to carry out the arrests .
One of the detainees was said to have lost his consciousness during the arrest .
All the suspects were taken in for questioning .
An Yitzhar resident told Ynet , " Where have the human rights organizations gone ?
What happened tonight in Yitzhar was a pogrom .
The police would not let themselves behave this way with any other population in the State of Israel .
They beat us , damaged property and even confiscated cameras documenting their actions .
Good morning , Iran . "
An officials at the Od Yosef Hai yeshiva said in response , " There is no doubt that such brutal acts make our routine life difficult , but unfortunately we have already gotten used to the establishment persecuting the yeshiva rabbis and students .
The students are determined to continue studying and spreading the Torah . "
The Judea and Samaria District Police refused to comment on the claims of violence .
Knesset Member Michael Ben Ari ( National Union ) slammed Internal Security Minister Yitzhak Aharonovitch following the incident .
" The internal security minister does not lose sleep over acts of crime , murder and pedophilia , but sends hundreds of police officers to carry out acts of vandalism in Yitzhar , while blatantly violating human rights and hiding evidence of the policemen 's actions , " he said .
Fire was set to a large mosque in the Palestinian village of Yasuf , east of Salfit , on December 11 .
Hebrew slurs were sprayed on the walls that said : " We will burn all of you . "
The words " price tag " were also scrawled on the walls .
" Price tag " is the slogan adopted some months ago by extremist settlers who carry out reprisals against Palestinians in response to the evacuation of settlement structures by Israeli forces .
Clashes broke out between IDF forces and Palestinians near the village after the incident .
As the Muslim worshippers left their Friday prayers , a number of Palestinians threw stones at IDF forces in the village .
As a result , a Border Guard officer was lightly wounded .
The Palestinians claim the soldiers responded with live fire and tear gas .
As a result of the shooting , the Palestinians said two people were lightly injured .
They sources further claimed that settlers joined in the clashes .
Defense Minister Ehud Barak ordered the defense establishment to work to locate and arrest those behind the arson , and called for the justice to be served .
The minister 's office published a statement saying he considers the incident a very grave one and said , " This is an extreme act meant to harm any of the government 's attempts to advance the process for Israel 's future . "
Updated Hackers who breached the defenses of Google , Adobe Systems and at least 32 other companies used a potent vulnerability in all versions of Internet Explorer to carry out at least some of the attacks , researchers from McAfee said Thursday .
The previously unknown flaw in the IE browser was probably just one of the vectors used in the attacks , McAfee CTO George Kurtz wrote in a blog post .
Using a sophisticated spear - phishing campaign , the perpetrators included malicious links exploiting the bug in emails and instant messages sent to employees from at least three of the targeted companies .
Contrary to previous speculation , there was no evidence vulnerabilities in Adobe 's Reader or Acrobat applications were used in any of the attacks , Kurtz said .
In its own statement , adobe concurred , saying researchers " have not been able to obtain any evidence to indicate that Adobe Reader or other Adobe technologies were used as the attack vector in this incident . "
Kurtz said his findings were based on malware samples taken from " three to five " of the targeted companies and he stressed that other zero days or exploits could have been used against other victims .
" In our investigation we discovered that one of the malware samples involved in this broad attack exploits a new , not publicly known vulnerability in Microsoft Internet Explorer , " Kurtz wrote .
" Our investigation has shown that Internet explorer is vulnerable on all of Microsoft 's most recent operating system releases , including Windows 7 . "
Shortly after the report , Microsoft confirmed the new IE vulnerability was " one of the vectors used in targeted and sophisticated attacks against Google and possibly other corporate networks . "
A company statement said the attacks were carried out against version 6 of the widely used browser and suggested users protect themselves by enabling security features that have been added to successor versions .
McAfee 's report is the latest to shed light on one of the most significant cyberattacks in years .
Google first disclosed the " highly sophisticated and targeted attack " on Tuesday , saying it originated in China and targeted its intellectual property .
It added that 20 other companies suffered similar assaults , a number that independent researchers soon raised to 34 .
So far , only Google and Adobe have been identified as victims .
Yahoo , Symantec , Northrop Grumman and Dow Chemical have also been penetrated according to The Washington Post , citing unnamed " congressional and industry sources . "
The malware that McAfee researchers analyzed was sent to a highly select group of employees of a handful of companies that Kurtz declined to identify .
" This was n't something that got blasted to 300,000 people in a corporation , " Kurtz said in an interview with The Register .
" It was really targeted at senior technology leaders that had access to core pieces of intellectual property , source code , et cetera . "
Kurtz has dubbed the attack " Aurora , " a reference to the filepath on the attacker 's machine that showed up in some of the malware code McAfee researchers analyzed .
They believe that is the name the attackers gave to the operation .
There was nothing in the binaries that indicated either way whether the code writers spoke Cantonese or Mandarin or were located in China .
The IE vulnerability stems from an invalid pointer reference that when exploited allows an attacker to execute malicious shell code on underlying machines .
The malware caused exploited machines to download further malicious scripts that installed a backdoor .
The machines then connected to command and control channels that were hosted on servers that resided in the US and Taiwan .
A security feature known as data execution prevention , which prevents data loaded into memory from being executed , will block the particular exploits McAfee has observed .
But Kurtz warned the vulnerability exists in all versions of IE except for IE 5.01 , service pack 4 , and that it would be possible for attackers to work around the protection .
In an advisory , Microsoft recommended people use DEP , which by default is enabled in IE 8 but must be turned on in prior versions .
The statement also advised users on Vista and later versions of Windows to run IE in protected mode .
The advisory did n't say when an update would be released that patches the vulnerability . ®
This article was updated throughout to add additional details from Kurtz , Microsoft and Adobe .
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger conceded his side were now " outsiders " for the title after losing 2 - 0 to Chelsea .
Gunners boss finds defeat hard to take
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger conceded his side were now " outsiders " for the title after losing 2 - 0 to Chelsea .
Two goals from Didier Drogba gave Chelsea the victory to help them move nine points clear of the Gunners .
Wenger has refused to rule his team out of the title race and is optimistic Arsenal 's rivals will drop further points before the end of the season .
" It is difficult to swallow a defeat like that when we felt we were the better team , " Wenger told .
" Chelsea defended well until the last minute so you have got to give them credit . "
Asked about Arsenal 's title chances , Wenger said : " We are outsiders but we will fight until the last day of the season .
" I believe everyone can drop points .
Let 's come back to win our next game first and then see where we stand . "
Haiti earthquake : orphans for sale for $ 50
Orphans in Haiti are being offered for sale to foreigners for as little as £ 30 amid warnings that up to one million children in the country have been left vulnerable to abuse and trafficking in the wake of the earthquake .
500 light years away there 's a star slightly larger than our own , which until recently had a planet orbiting it at roughly the same distance Earth is from the Sun .
Unfortunately , all that 's left of the planet is hot dust .
Advertisement
Astronomers at Gemini Observatory announced last week that the star HD 131488 is surrounded by a massive haze of dust .
Some of it is cool , and has settled as far from the star as the Kuiper Belt is from our own Sun .
But a lot of the dust at an Earthlike distance , and is unusually warm , suggesting that it came from a " catastrophic collision . "
According to a release from the observatory :
" The hot dust almost certainly came from a recent catastrophic collision between two large rocky bodies in HD 131488 's inner planetary system , " [ astronomer Carl ]
Melis said .
" The cooler dust , however , is unlikely to have been produced in a catastrophic collision and is probably left over from planet formation that took place farther away from HD 131488 . "
Advertisement
Just when we were about to find Earth II . . . the cylons already destroyed it !
via Gemini Observatory
SOFIA , Feb 26 ( Reuters ) – Romania is holding talks with Washington to deploy about 20 interceptor missiles as part of a U.S. missile shield , Romanian Foreign Minister Teodor Baconschi said on Feb. 25 .
Earlier this month , the Balkan country ’s top defence body approved a U.S. proposal to include Romania in a system it said aimed at providing defence against attack by ballistic missile or mid-range rockets .
The move angered Russia , eastern Europe ’s former Cold War master .
" The talks will probably take a year and a half .
They concern deploying 20 interceptor devices at different locations in Romania , " Baconschi told a news conference in Sofia after meeting his Bulgarian counterpart Nikolai Mladenov .
Update :
Here 's how to access your account while the BofA website is down .
The website for Bank of America has been malfunctioning all morning .
Attempts to load the page produce nothing at all .
A tipster speculates that it is possible that Bank of America has been the victim of a cyber-attack .
For now , we 're assuming it is a much more mundane problem .
All websites occasionally go down .
A call to a spokesperson for Bank of America was not immediately returned .
When I first heard that Sarah Palin had landed a gig as a contributor to Fox News , I thought : now Fox News viewers will have a taste of Trinity Broadcasting Network .
Not that Palin will be preaching — or preaching explicitly , that is .
But to my ears , her speaking style is so unmistakenly influenced by the sort of personal testimony and revelatory expressions of what God says , does , or wants , as expressed through the speaker , that is a staple of televangelism pioneered by Oral Roberts , Kenneth Copeland , and Paul Crouch .
As our Anthea Butler said to me when John McCain picked Palin as his running mate :
Religion professor Butler says that warrior spirit — or Palin ’s “ Pentecostal - ness ” — is the reason why her candidacy excites the conservative base more than a non-Pentecostal would .
Watching Palin ’s speech to the Republican National Convention , Butler says she thought to herself , “ This is a flat - footed , I ’m - in - the - back - of - the - camp - meeting - truck - preaching - woman ” in the style of the trailblazing early 20th century evangelist Aimee Semple McPherson .
But it ’s not just the excitement Palin will bring to the Fox News viewers who are n’t already rapt by Mike Huckabee ’s show ( and Huckabee , too , learned at the feet of televangelist James Robison ) .
It ’s that Palin will bring that unmistakable me , me , me vibe that defines televangelism .
Fox might have brought her on board for the ratings , but it will be all about Palin .
Kind of like Rod Parsley cares more about his own fundraising than TBN ’s ratings .
Like the televangelists , I ’d expect Palin to thrive on criticism and ridicule she ’s sure to elicit as soon as she opens her mouth on the air .
Just like with the televangelists , mockery will feed the beast , by enabling her to continue to portray herself as the embattled victim of a liberal , secular culture that ridicules God and country .
That ’s exactly how prosperity televangelists raise money , and will be exactly how Palin will promote herself — not the conservative movement , and certainly not Fox News .
People have continued to come out on the streets despite threats Iranian police say they have arrested a number of opposition supporters planning demonstrations during the anniversary of the Islamic Revolution .
Police chief Esmail Ahmadi Moghaddam did not give any details of the arrests , the Fars news agency said .
Opposition leaders have called on supporters to gather on Thursday , raising the possibility of violence in cities across the country .
The authorities have said they will crush any anti-government protests .
There have been a number of outbreaks of violence since disputed elections in June 2009 , scores of people have been killed and scores more imprisoned , government opponents say .
Until last year , public protests against Iran 's leadership were virtually unheard of .
Threats
But after President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was re-elected last June , opposition leaders have been calling supporters out onto the streets .
The Iranian leadership has countered with threats , saying a display of unity from Iranians will deliver a " punch in the face " to opposition reformists and the West , which they accuse of fostering dissent .
RECENT UNREST IN IRAN 19 Dec : Influential dissident cleric Grand Ayatollah Hoseyn Ali Montazeri dies aged 87 21 Dec :
Tens of thousands attend his funeral in Qom ; reports of clashes between opposition supporters and security forces 22 Dec : Further confrontations reported in Qom 23 Dec : More clashes reported in city of Isfahan as memorial is held 24 Dec : Iran reportedly bans further memorial services for Montazeri except in his birthplace and Qom 26 Dec : Clashes reported in central and northern Tehran 27 Dec :
At least eight dead following anti-government protests in Tehran ; 300 reported arrested Mehdi Karoubi , one of the defeated contenders for the presidency , has said he will attend a rally in Tehran , and that his supporters should " follow up on their legal demands silently , but strongly as before " .
He said people should not provoke government forces by chanting radical slogans .
The pro-government Basij Islamic militia have been charged by the authorities with keeping order during Thursday 's anniversary of the 1979 revolution that toppled Iran 's royal family .
The militia , who have been accused of shocking violence during past demonstrations , are " ready for any possible incident " , Mr Moghaddam was quoted by the Reuters news Agency as saying .
" They will let no - one create insecurity , " he said .
In December , eight people were killed in clashes at demonstrations during Ashura , one of the holiest days in the Shia Muslim calendar .
At least 30 protesters have been killed in clashes since the 2009 election , although the opposition says more than 70 have died .
More than 80 people have been jailed for up to 15 years , including former government spokesman Abdullah Ramezanzadeh , former vice - president Mohammad Ali Abtahi , former deputy economy minister Mohsen Safaie Farahani and former industry minister Behzad Nabavi .
Some 200 activists remain in detention .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I had a call from a new customer last week .
They had issues with their MySQL server .
Apparently , it was repeatingly crashing , every few hours .
To have their production system kept alive , they used a script to periodically see if MySQL was still alive , and if not – start it .
I was first thinking in directions of old installations ; wrong memory allocations ( too little memory for large content ; to large memory allocation for weak machine ) .
When I reached the customer ’s premises , I quickly reviewed general settings , while explaining some basic configuration guidelines .
There were peculiarities ( e.g. query_cache_limit being larger than query_cache_size ) , but nothing to obviously suggest a reason for crash .
I then observed the error log .
Took some time to find it , since the log_error parameter appeared twice in the my.cnf file ; first one appearing at the very beginning , the second ( overwriting the first ) was far into the file .
Sure enough , there were a lot of startup messages .
And … shutdown messages .
In fact , the log looked something like :
090923 17:38:15 mysqld started 090923 17:38:16 InnoDB : Started ; log sequence number 0 3707779031 090923 17:38:16 [ Note ] /usr / local / mysql/bin/mysqld : ready for connections .
Version : ' 5.0.77 - log ' socket : '/tmp/mysql50.sock ' port : 3306 MySQL Community Server ( GPL ) 090923 19:53:41 [ Note ]
/usr/ local/mysql/bin/mysqld : Normal shutdown 090923 19:53:56 mysqld started 090923 19:53:56 InnoDB : Started ; log sequence number 0 5288400927 090923 19:53:56 [ Note ]
/usr / local / mysql/bin/mysqld : ready for connections .
Version : ' 5.0.77 - log ' socket : '/tmp/mysql50.sock ' port : 3306 MySQL Community Server ( GPL ) 090929 22:38:48 [ Note ]
/usr/ local/mysql/bin/mysqld : Normal shutdown 090923 22:38:58 mysqld started 090923 22:38:58 InnoDB : Started ; log sequence number 0 7102832776 090923 22:38:58 [ Note ]
/usr / local / mysql/bin/mysqld : ready for connections .
Version : ' 5.0.77 - log ' socket : '/tmp/mysql50.sock ' port : 3306 MySQL Community Server ( GPL ) ...
( The above is just a sample , not the original file ) .
Well , the log says there ’s a lot of normal shutdowns .
Looking at the script
Next it was time to look at the script which was supposed to verify MySQL was up and running – else wise start it .
And it went something like this :
while [ 1 ] ; if [ `ps aux | grep mysqld | wc - l` - lt 2 ] then /etc / init.d / mysql restart ... sleep 60
The script was looking for all processes , then grepping for mysqld , counting number of lines in output .
It expected 2 lines : one for the mysqld process , one for the grep mysqld process itself .
If you do n’t know what ’s wrong with this , a very brief explanation about how pipelines work in unix work it at place :
Pipelined processes do not execute one after another , or one before another .
They are all executed at once .
So , “ ps aux | grep mysqld | wc - l ” immediately spawns ps , grep , wc , then sets the standard output of one to the standard input of the other ( most simplified description I could think of ) .
It is likely that grep will outrun ps in the race for starting up .
So grep is started , already waiting for input from ps , which then notices both mysqld is alive , but also grep mysqld , lists them both along with other processes , to be filtered by grep , to be counted by wc ( returning two lines count ) .
But this is just because ps is heavier than grep .
It does n’t have to be like that .
The less common scenario
Every once and again , ps outruns grep in the race for starting up .
It would list the active processes , and no “ grep ” would appear in the listing .
grep would then run , filtering the result of ps , then to be counted by wc — oh , there is only one line now !
The script assumes this means mysqld is down ( since it assumed grep is always there ) , and restarts mysqld .
So , the script which was supposed to take care of MySQL crashes , was actually causing them ( though no crash occurred ) .
Better ways to test that MySQL is alive
Look for the pid file .
This is the standard ( that ’s how the mysql service works ) .
Look for the unix socket file .
Both require that you parse the my.cnf file to learn where these files are .
If you ’re reluctant to read the configuration files , other options are at hand .
OK , look for the process ; but use pgrep mysqld .
No need to list all processes , then grep them .
And best way , that will set your mind at ease even if you ’re worried that “ mysql is running but not responding ; it is stuck ” : connect to MySQL and issue SELECT 1 , SELECT NOW ( ) , SELECT something .
This would be the ultimate test that MySQL is up , listening , responding and valid .
NFL Players executive director DeMaurice Smith on Saturday made a move to solidify the union against a bid by conservative talk show radio host Rush Limbaugh as part of a group that aims to purchase the St. Louis Rams .
In an e-mail to the union 's executive committee on Saturday specifically addressing Limbaugh 's bid , Smith said , " I 've spoken to the Commissioner [ Roger Goodell ] and I understand that this ownership consideration is in the early stages .
But sport in America is at its best when it unifies , gives all of us reason to cheer , and when it transcends .
Our sport does exactly that when it overcomes division and rejects discrimination and hatred . "
Limbaugh and St. Louis Blues owner Dave Checketts are among six potential ownership groups that have discussed buying the Rams .
League sources say the current sale price has ranged from $ 700 - to - $ 750 million but that there did not appear to be an imminent transaction .
On Sunday , Smith briefly elaborated , " This communication is more about what we stand for than the reality of our role in any franchise sale .
While it 's true the subject matter was related [ to Limbaugh 's bid ] , I do understand that the NFL does not present ownership bids to me or the NFLPA .
I encourage our players to express their views . "
At least seven NFL players have publicly opposed Limbaugh 's interest in purchasing the Rams with Checketts .
In Smith 's communication Saturday with his executive committee , the union leader encouraged players to speak their mind on all matters , including Limbaugh 's bid .
" I have asked our players to embrace their roles not only in the game of football but also as players and partners in the business of the NFL , " said Smith in the e-mail .
" They risk everything to play this game , they understand that risk and they live with that risk and its consequences for the rest of their life .
We also know that there is an ugly part of history and we will not risk going backwards , giving up , giving in or lying down to it .
" Our men are strong and proud sons , fathers , spouses and I am proud when they stand up , understand this is their profession and speak with candor and blunt honesty about how they feel . "
Limbaugh has expressed a number of controversial racial ideas in the past .
For example , he suggested that Gen. Colin Powell supported Barack Obama 's presidential candidacy simply because he was black , and he also stated that the media wants black quarterbacks to do well and that Donovan McNabb does n't deserve much of the credit he has received for the Eagles ' success .
Among the half - dozen interested buyers of the Rams , there are strong African - American ownership groups interested in buying the Rams , including businessmen Donald Watkins and Dave Steward .
The league has maintained it does not publicly address potential franchise sales .
All transactions , when formally presented after a thorough background check , are decided by the 32 owners by vote .
Chris Mortensen is ESPN 's senior NFL analyst .
Unemployment has soared to almost 280,000 in recent months
Unemployment has soared to almost 280,000 in recent months
Unemployment has soared to almost 280,000 in recent months
Unemployment has soared to almost 280,000 in recent months
Unemployment has soared to almost 280,000 in recent months
Unemployment has soared to almost 280,000 in recent months .
Official figures showed twice as many men as women were out of work in September , with the number of unemployed up 120,000 over the previous year .
The Central Statistics Office ( CSO ) said the largest drop in jobs was recorded in construction , which fell by 80,800 .
Industry saw the second biggest fall , down 41,100 in the year , while the wholesale and retail sector and repair of motor vehicles and motorcycles reported 31,400 job losses .
Elsewhere the quarterly national household survey revealed 1.9 million people were still employed in the third quarter - down 184,700 in the previous 12 months .
PA Media
If you ’ve been in the Kings ’ locker room — and believe me , based on the smell , you ’re fortunate that you ’re not — it ’s very easy to notice the latest change to the players ’ hockey gear .
A handful of players have started wearing a bright yellow sock — underneath their regular hockey sock — which is made from Kevlar and is resistant to cuts .
It ’s a wise move , given the number of cuts that have taken place — due to players being stepped on or slashed — in the last couple years .
Last year , you might remember the injury Brad Richardson had during practice , an injury that would have been avoided with this type of sock .
To see what the sock looks like , and what it does , check the link below , and I also talked to Kings head equipment manager Darren Granger and Terry Murray about the new socks , which the Kings have been wearing for approximately 10 days .
Tactics Skate Socks
Question :
How many players are wearing the new socks ?
Is it an optional thing for them ?
GRANGER : “ Obviously , it ’s their decision about what they want to do .
I think we have five right now .
We had one player that was pretty exposed , where he was vulnerable to be cut , so he was sort of the reason it got started .
That and , obviously , the injuries around the league .
It ’s been something that we ’ve been trying to find for a couple years now , and now we ’ve finally got a couple companies making them . ”
Question :
What does the sock do for them ?
It prevents them from being cut , right ?
GRANGER : “ The yellow part that you see is Kevlar , which is cut - resistant .
Obviously if it ’s punctured , like a stabbing motion , it ’s going to go right through it .
But what we ’re trying to do is reduce the slashing of the skate , or like Cam Ward ’s injury , where somebody slides into you , that type of thing .
The one company I ’m dealing with is also going to make a hockey sock .
Unfortunately , we can’t wear them because they ’re not Reebok , but mostly the reason I ’ve been getting them is for the goalies , because they ’re so exposed on the leg .
“ Our goalies are n’t exposed like Cam Ward , because they wear padding on their knees .
Ward did n’t wear padding on his knees .
Mostly the reason I was trying to get them was for the backs of their legs .
This is all so new .
I ’ve been talking with Vancouver ’s equipment guy , and he ’s trying to find stuff with Bieksa and other players on that team . ”
Here ’s what Murray said about the new equipment …
MURRAY : “ I have had this conversation many times over the years .
This is a very serious kind of injury that happens around the game today , with these skate cuts .
Richie had it last year .
We saw a game on TV last year with Montreal , Lang got stepped on .
But this goes way back to my days at Washington , as an assistant coach .
Rod Langway got stepped on during a playoff game against the New Jersey Devils and severed his Achilles tendon .
“ The next year , at training camp , this fan shows up on the first day of training camp .
He ’s got a full hockey sock made of Kevlar .
He had a hunting knife , a great big blade , about a 10 - inch blade .
He said , ` Here , cut this sock . ’
You could n’t .
The only difference was the weight of it , compared to the sock the players wear .
I said to the fan , ` If this could ever become a lighter weight , I ’m sure it would be very easy to convince the players to wear something like this . ’
So that ’s going back into the early 80s , mid 80s .
Then I saw this sock — ( Kings trainer ) Chris Kingsley brought it into me a couple weeks ago and showed me this Kevlar sock — and then the wrist sock that speed skaters wear .
It should be a popular item . ”
To illustrate the point , Murray pointed to the large pictures of Wayne Gretzky and Dave Taylor that fill the wall outside the Kings ’ locker room in El Segundo …
MURRAY : “ You can see how , in my day , like Gretzky has the tape over the Achilles .
Well now , most guys are like Taylor .
He does n’t do it .
So any time you take a stride , you ’re exposing your Achilles .
That ’s what the guard is for , to protect the back of your leg .
So the sock , to me , is a tremendous idea .
I hope everybody starts to wear them . ”
I suggested to Murray that , a ) he should have patented that sock in the 80s , and b ) he might not want to encourage fans to show up with knives …
PLEASE LEAVE COMMENTS WITH HOSPITAL INFORMATION SO THAT WE CAN ALL SPREAD THE WORD .
There is no communication in Haiti so I have received this info from going to different camps and talking with others who are also coordinating .
Will continue to add to this post once I find news on more hospitals .
French medical camp is at Lycee Francais in Delmas 40 B
Delmas 33 , Rue Martial , Park Antoine Izmery .
Full field hospital with surgery capabilities .
Martissant Health Center
Medecin Sans Frontieres Choscal Hospital in Cite Soleil
Cazale – north of PAP , turn right immediately after the bridge as you go into Cabaret , takes about 20 min from Rt Ntl # 1 , lori@realhopeforhaiti.org , 3782-7316 , http://www.realhopeforhaiti.org
GOOD SAMARITAIN CLINIC / REAL HOPE FOR HAITI ( www.haitinurse.com) – open 24/7 for emergencies , general consults on Tues , Wed , Thurs ( 7a - 5 p ) , currently no inpt beds , can treat outpts w/ dressing changes , infections , lacerations , ca n’t do ortho / surg , free meds & drsgs
REAL HOPE FOR HAITI RESCUE CENTER ( www.haitirescuecenter.com) – hospice for malnourished and ill children , medical - foster care , NG feeds / IV / dressing changes / traction , medika mamba program for severe malnourished / kwashiorkor , parents can visit anytime , free
Hôpital Albert Schweitzer in Deschapelles .
Their website : http://www.hashaiti.org/.
Their blog for latest information : http://hashaiti.blogspot.com/.
Canada arrived in Jacmel Wednesday morning with a well - equipped ship .
They will be focusing on setting up medical facilities in the area to help people in the hills around Jacmel
Ecole Louis Joseph Janvier .
Location : Waney 87 , Rue Charpentier , Carrefour , Port - au - Prince .
Needs : Food , water , and medicine .
Shelter to more than 1000 people .
A doctor ’s home providing care for more than 150 people .
Contact : 509-3647-7625 .
Location : Delmas 41 , rue Charlemagne Peralte # 12 .
Needs : Food , water , emergency medical care , and shelter for 150 people taken into the doctor ’s home .
Report says that the doctor is out of supplies .
Foyer des Filles de Dieu Orphanage ( Home for the Girls of God ) .
Contact : Paula Thybulle 509-3-454-4829 ( Haiti ) 305-735-3553 ( Miami ) .
Location : Delmas 19 Angle Rues Jeune Et Calao , Port - au - Prince , HaitiAbout 1 block away from Delmas 19 .
The name is written on the wall surrounding the compound in 2 - foot high letters .
Needs :
Water for 65 orphans ( 3 have died ) .
They are said to be alone .
Per Mark Hunnicutt ’s update and others , the orphans ’ needs were met by an aid team on 20 Jan. , but they will need additional assistance .
100 children were barely alive , and 55 babies had died .
No aid teams will travel there without security , which is scarce .
Many of the surviving children will likely need to be transported to field hospitals or other locations where they can be helped further .
Spoke with a contact for the orphanage .
They are still awaiting word on aid , but the orphanage hospital , equipped to treat about 35 - 45 patients , is treating over 150 .
They still need basic necessities , such as food and water , and do not have proper medical equipment .
The orphanage is asking for donations in the form of medicine ( Tylenol , antibiotics from doctors , Motrin , anti-diarrhea ) , bandages and medical supplies , diapers , and baby clothing .
The clothing can be used , as long as it is clean .
Donations should be sent to : Notre Dame Outreach .
316 Venice Blvd . West Palm Beach , Fl 33411 .
Foyer Notre Dame Nativite in Fonta Mara Orphanage .
Location : Fontamara 27 Rue Douyon 76 , Carrefour , Port - au - Prince , Haiti .
Needs : Emergency aid for 74 dying babies and 1 elderly caretaker ( Eveline Louis Jacques ) .
56 babies and 1 caretaker are already reported to have died .
AMAZING news from Spencer Nix : Praise God Nativite is being taken great care of , UNICEF , WFP , US NAVY , and many others showed up .
75 children need pryrs , 10 need adopting .
Per Spencer
Nix ’s blog :
The structure has collapsed .
The team was able to confirm 75 survivors ( 74 children and Eveline ) .
Two children were transported to hospitals to be treated for immediate medical needs ( severe broken bones ) .
The team was also able to give Eveline ( some ) cash for food and other needs and arrange for a medical team to arrive ( hopefully 20 Jan . ) and continue care for the orphans before continuing into the community .
The orphans are in need of secure shelters , food , and medical care .
Good Shepherd ’s Love Orphanage .
Contact : Pastor Jean Romain 011-509-3462-0624 or 011-509-3874-5726 , jeanromain56@yahoo.fr .
Location : 15 October Blvd Tabarre Goureau Delmas .
Needs : Food and water .
I went here today with a friend to provide them with food and medical care .
Wonderful place to support … I ’ll have a new post with pictures ad more information .
Maison des Anges ( The House of Angels ) Orphanage .
Director : Gladys Maximilian , lemaximilien@yahoo.com .
Location : formerly 21 Rue Clercine 2000 Tabarre , Port - au - Prince , said to be relocated to Clercine 19 rue 6 .
Needs : food , water , medicine for 80 children
Maison de Lumiere ( Lighthouse Orphanage ) .
Run by : Suzette and Bill Menessaro .
Location : Delmas 15 Catalpa 3 Port au Prince Haiti .
Needs : Security , fuel , food , water
New Hope Haiti Mission .
Contact : Scott & Mick Salvant .
Location : Santos 13 Rue Fayo # 18 .
Needs : Fuel , wood , water .
65 girls in one building , 40 in another .
( source )
Port - au - Prince Municipal Nursing Home .
Location : Hospice Municipal , Asile Comunal , Delmas - 2 ( next to soccer stadium and Place de la Paix , just below Belair on way to airport ) .
“ Emergency programs coordinator Margaret Chilcott said the group will hire someone to do some cooking and get water points set up .
Chilcott also noted that more caregivers were needed , and said she saw one man not eating despite his hunger , apparently because he could n’t eat without help . ”
Needs : Food and medicine for 84 survivors .
6 died in the earthquake and 2 have since died from hunger .
Some aid has been provided , in the form of water from the Vivo Rio aid organization and a large bag of cooked rice from a concerned cleaner .
Despite this , the residents have not eaten since Monday , 18 Jan .
There is also a desperate need for antibiotics and other medicine .
PIH Zanmi Lasante Sociomedical Complex outside PaP , Cap - Haitien
Hospital Justinia ( 19°45′39.32 ″ N. 72°12′11.91 ″ W ) , Carrefour
Sport Stadium of Carrefour ( Stad sportif de Carrefour ) , Croix Deprez
Outside the damaged Am Red Cross office in Croix Deprez , Delmas
La Trinité trauma hospital Medical care under tents continues in front of what was La Trinité trauma hospital
Centre Dadadou ( Delmas 3 ) ; Croix de Bouques .
Hopital Espoir ( Hope Hospital ) is open , off 75 Delmas
Merlin is operating in Delmas 33 – we found a secured tennis court where we are setting up tents and medical supplies , Deschapelles
Hôpital Albert Schweitzer Operational .
located 40 miles NW of Port - Au - Prince , Fermathe
Baptist Haiti Mission Hospital. , Grand - Goave
Mission of Hope Clinic , Jacmel ( 18°14′14.89 ″ N 72°32′27.52 ″ W ) :
PAHO / WHO Field Office .
PAHO / WHO , Leogane
National Public Health Laboratory Temporary Field Hospital
Port Au Prince ( Diquini hosp 18°31′51.94 ″ N 72°23′10.62 ″ W)
PAP Cite Soleil District : MSF facility at Choscal hospital in the Cite Soleil district is open
PAP L’Hopital de la Paix in Port - au - Prince is still standing .
Victims and dead can be taken there
PAP Hopital Adventiste de Diquini ( Haitian Adventist Hospital ) Route de Diquini Port- au - Prince Haiti 509-3234-2510 ; 509-3234-4580 hopadha@starband.net
PAP U.N. compound near Port - au - Prince ’s airport Dr. Jennifer Furin tending to about 300 patients at a makeshift hospital at a U.N. compound near Port - au - Prince ’s airport
PAP Villa Creole make - shift Hospital Port au Prince : at Villa Creole Mike Stewart from Hope for Haiti intake trauma ward .
4 nurses and 4 doctors Box 126 Port - Au - Prince , Haiti Tel : ( 509 ) 22 57 15 70 , Fax : ( 509 ) 22 57 49 35 .
email : info@villacreole.com
PAP : Stadium Guillome , near the Port - au - Prince cemetery , Pétion - Ville
Haitian Red Cross team working out of garage beneath Mayor ’s office providing vital irst aid , Tabarre
St. Damien Children ’s Hospital Chateaublond ( 18° 34′15 ″ N 72° 15′9 ″ W )
Mike Burrows explains the principle behind his bike
Mike Burrows Mike Burrows , the Norfolk man behind the superbike that helped Chris Boardman win Olympic gold in 1992 , shares his thoughts about Designers , Engineers and Inventors with Norfolk Online .
When asked about my " inventing " the Lotus bike , I usually start by explaining that I do n't see myself as an inventor , but like to think that I am an " engineer " .
The difference ?
I think that whereas engineers mostly try to solve their own problems , inventors usually try to solve other people's .
The other badge I could easily pin on would , of course , be " designer " , except that it has been horribly devalued by the media 's constant use of the word ; i.e. a designer can do wallpaper or the wings of an Airbus .
Even Leonardo Da Vinci was not that multi-talented .
Chris Boardman and the superbike
So if you are thinking of becoming a designer , you will need to decide :
a ) what you like doing ;
b ) is this likely to provide a worthwhile job ?
( Snowboard designing must be a crowded area by now ) ;
c ) most importantly - do your talents suit the task ?
A full - time job
To be a successful designer you will be doing your job a lot - whenever you are not sleeping !
Designing is full - time , as you can never stop thinking about the problems , and if you have no talent for it you will soon lose interest .
So for those of you who are are artistic loners it is the wallpaper or similar aesthetically - focused areas ; but it is difficult if you are too artistic - the desire to live in Arles and cut off your ear will get to you sooner or later .
It helps to understand how important your job is - the world might like the odd sunflower but it needs good wallpaper .
At the other end of the design spectrum , but no more or less important , is aircraft design - no room for loners .
The trick here is to make the very small bit you are working on without making it impossible for everyone else 's bit to work .
From style to function I n between , and where most " industrial designers " end up , is in companies where you work with a small team and tackle most of the product design from style to function .
The trick then is not to be under pressure - easy to say of course , but the client will usually want it yesterday , which is where the designing full - time comes in .
You have to constantly solve problems before you are given them - not an easy trick and only likely to bear fruit very occasionally , but very satisfyingly , when it does .
The other option is to do what I do and have a little workshop in Norfolk , design what you want to design and at your own pace - just do n't expect to earn too much money !
Mike Burrows
See recumbent bikes in action
See also :
About the bike
Internet links :
The Science Museum P > >>>>
The BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet links
