Human - made noises are drowning out the sounds whales and dolphins use to communicate and find mates , environmental groups said Wednesday .
Noise pollution , partially caused by commercial shipping , seismic surveys and improved sonar technology , is making it harder for the animals , which use sounds to communicate over thousands of kilometres , to forage and mate .
As a result , the animals are losing touch with each other , environmental experts said at a UN wildlife conference held in Rome .
" Call it a cocktail party effect , " said Mark Simmonds , of the Whale and Dolphin Conservation Society .
" You have to speak louder and louder until no one can hear each other anymore . "
Environmental groups believe increased levels of noise pollution are behind a growing number of beached whales and dolphins , he added .
Many of the beached whales and dolphins in question exhibit symptoms of decompression sickness , known as the bends , a condition afflicting divers who surface too quickly .
Some environmentalists believe the sound waves caused by sonar and seismic surveys are causing the animals to dive and surface beyond their physical limits , Simmonds said .
One of the aims of the conference is coming up with ways to reduce noise pollution in the world ’s oceans , such as rerouting ships and banning sonar use in areas known to be inhabited by endangered whales and dolphins .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Gordon Brown has urged the world to tell Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe " enough is enough " amid growing concern over the country 's cholera outbreak .
The prime minister said the crisis , which has claimed nearly 600 lives , had become an international emergency .
Government in Zimbabwe was now broken and the state was unable or unwilling to protect its people , he said .
Mr Brown added that medicine would get to those who needed it , regardless of any differences with Mr Mugabe .
' Human rights '
Mr Brown did not explicitly call for Mr Mugabe to step down , but said world leaders should stand together to defend human rights and democracy in Zimbabwe .
See detailed map of cholera affected areas
In a statement , Mr Brown said that over the coming days the first priority would be delivering aid to Zimbabwe , such as rehydration and testing packs .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He said : " This is now an international rather than a national emergency .
International because disease crosses borders .
" International because the systems of government in Zimbabwe are now broken .
There is no state capable or willing of protecting its people .
" International because - not least in the week of the 60th anniversary of the universal declaration of human rights - we must stand together to defend human rights and democracy , to say firmly to Mugabe that enough is enough . "
Mr Brown said he had " been in close contact with African leaders to press for stronger action to give the Zimbabwean people the government they deserve " .
He added : " The people of Zimbabwe voted for a better future .
It is our duty to support that aspiration . "
He also said he hoped the United Nations Security Council would meet " urgently " to consider the country 's plight .
' Inexcusable ' Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg said it was time for the UN to support the " justified " use of military force as a means for the international community to protect Zimbabweans .
" The world has sat idly by whilst Robert Mugabe has brutalised his own people for too long .
" Economic recession in the West has led the world to avert its gaze from the suffering in Zimbabwe .
" The UN must urgently declare that Mugabe will be indicted in the International Criminal Court . "
He said it would be " inexcusable " if no further action was taken soon .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He called on China to stop blocking international action through its veto on the Security Council , and South Africa to take a " tougher " stance with its neighbour .
Labour MEP Glenys Kinnock told BBC Radio 4's PM programme sanctions could have a limited impact but the threat of cholera might inspire other African leaders to act .
She said a great deal of diplomacy was taking place but she did not know how much effect this would have .
" I think efforts are being made to talk with those who are likely to influence Mugabe .
" But the reality is that he is impossible to influence .
" He is so manipulative and so devious that influencing him is very difficult indeed , " she said .
' Gross violations '
They have joined a growing list of international leaders in condemning Mr Mugabe .
US Secretary of State , Condoleezza Rice , said it was " well past time " for him to leave office .
And the Nobel Peace Prize laureate , Archbishop Desmond Tutu , said African nations should come together to use military force if Mr Mugabe refused to go .
Archbishop Tutu said Mr Mugabe had committed " gross violations " against Zimbabwe 's people and ruined " a wonderful country " .
His comments came a day after Kenya 's Prime Minister Raila Odinga said African governments should oust Zimbabwe 's leader .
Mr Mugabe and opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai agreed to share power in September to tackle the country 's economic meltdown but they have been unable to agree on the allocation of cabinet posts .
The deadlocked agreement followed disputed elections , which both men claimed to have won .
Return to top
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Government has managed to neuter the inquiry promised by the Speaker of the House of Commons last week into the search of the offices and emails etc. of opposition Conservative frontbench spokesman on Immigration , Damian Green .
This was supposed to be an immediate Parliamentary Committee of 7 experienced MPs , with the power to call everyone involved in Government to report , in public , " as soon as possible " , , the Police and the House of Commons bureaucracy as witnesses .
Instead , what the Labour party whips have got through , is a Committee with an inbuilt Government majority , with a very limited remit , which will convene to elect a chairman and then immediately adjourn , until some vague time in the future , when all possible Police enquiries or legal proceedings ( including appeals ) are concluded .
This will months or years into the future .
So much for Gordon Brown 's lies about making the Executive more accountable to Parliament .
Will the Conservative and Liberal Democrat parties actually boycott this sham of an inquiry , as they indicated they might ?
There was some mention e.g. by the former Labour Minister Frank Dobson , that the Privileges of the House of Commons and the Wilson Doctrine , should be clarified and spelled out explicitly in an Act of Parliament ,
[...]
If we are serious about parliamentary privilege , we need to clarify what we mean by it .
We should turn it into statute law to show that we take it seriously and that anyone who breaches it will be dealt with seriously .
I would also include in such a law the Wilson doctrine that prohibits our phones being tapped .
It was not very long ago that the previous Prime Minister was going to undermine that doctrine , and he was only prevented from doing so by a Cabinet revolt .
Conventions cannot be set aside at the behest of a Prime Minister or any individual , which is why we need to shift the rules on parliamentary privilege to statute law .
However , this long overdue idea was ignored the Labour Government control freaks and placemen .
During the debate , Harriet Harman , the Leader of the House , who used to be a civil liberties lawyer , but who has obviously now been turned to the dark side , refused to give any sort of assurance to her opposite number the Conservative Teresa May , that the seizure of documents etc. in the Palace of Westminster did not also include far more than just items relating to Damian Green MP .
She kept silent when directly asked to if this could also have included shared ( Microsoft Exchange ) email server and computer network drive computer resources , containing emails and documents from many other Members of Parliament , their constituents and other potential whistleblowers .
[ Hansard URL available tomorrow morning ] :
House of Commons debates , Monday , 8 December 2008 , Business of the House ,
Speaker 's Committee on the Search of Offices on the Parliamentary Estate - 8 Dec 2008 : Column 261
Mr. Mark Harper ( Forest of Dean ) ( Con ) : I should like to mention one of the reasons why it is important that the Committee should be able to do its work .
My right hon .
Friend and I asked the Leader of the House a question at business questions last week , but it has not been adequately answered .
We asked whether last week the police were granted access to data belonging to other hon .
Members .
That has not been properly answered .
[ Interruption . ]
No , it has not been properly answered , and the Leader of the House needs to answer it properly for the House .
Mrs. May : I entirely agree with my hon .
Friend .
The Leader of the House referred to the fact that Mr. Speaker said that the issue would be looked into , but -- I am very happy for the Leader of the House to intervene on me and confirm this -- she did not confirm that the police had not had access to the shared drive or the servers .
If they had , they would have had the ability to access every Member 's correspondence and e-mails .
I invite the Leader of the House to intervene on me and confirm that that was not the case .
Her silence suggests either that she does not know , or that she is not able to give the House the assurance that it requires , and that is of concern to each and every Member of the House .
If you have contacted your constituency MP via email in the last 2 years or so , your private correspondence could well have been trawled through by the Metropolitan Police Counter Terrorism Command .
Please risk another email ( or a fax or letter ) to your MP , e.g. via WriteToThem.com , simply asking them if , as a result of the Damian Green Police raid on Parliament , copies of your confidential email or fax correspondence with your MP , have been seized or rifled through by the Police .
A man and a young boy have escaped with minor injuries after a paragliding accident at Sydney 's northern beaches .
The pair crashed their paraglider and became stuck on a cliff face at Narrabeen Park Parade .
Emergency services were called to the accident at Sydney 's northern beaches about midday ( AEDT ) .
The man in his 30s was knocked unconscious by the impact of the crash , while the eight - year - old boy suffered a deep gash to his right leg .
An ambulance helicopter and paramedics from the Special Casualty Access Team were sent to work out how to get them to safety .
A specialist paramedic abseiled down the cliff - face to help them and decided the helicopter was not needed .
Paramedics were eventually able to free the pair .
" They were very fortunate because number one , you 're slamming into a cliff face , " NSW ambulance spokesman Adrian Humphrey said .
" Number two , they could have slid down further and caused further injury because of the loose shale and all the sand on the side of the cliff . "
It was a bad year for the economy , the Republican party and gay rights .
But 2008 was a banner year for technology - aided crime .
Competition was tough , but after an exhaustive search , Threat Level has produced this authoritative list of the best capers of the year .
But we 're leaving the award of the grand prize , the coveted Lex Luthor Award for Best Caper of 2008 , in your hands .
Vote up or down as you see fit .
We 'll send the winner , or his attorney , a t- shirt he can wear to announce his prize - winning status to his underworld cohorts .
Voting closes on Jan. 7 .
If you 're a criminal that did n't make this year 's rogues gallery , take heart .
There 's always 2009 .
* Image : The Bank Job ( 2008 ) courtesy Lionsgate *
See Also :
Green Eco Tips for Sustainable Living
First : Reduce
The critical first step of waste prevention has been overshadowed by a focus on recycling .
Please help to promote a greater awareness of the importance of the " Reduce " part of the Reduce - Reuse - Recycle mantra .
For a great overview of how raw materials and products move around the world , see the video The Story of Stuff .
Go Zero Waste :
The ultimate goal - learn how at Zero Waste Home .
The ultimate goal - learn how at Zero Waste Home .
Simplify : Simplify your life as much as possible .
Only keep belongings that you use / enjoy on a regular basis .
By making the effort to reduce what you own , you will naturally purchase less / create less waste in the future .
Simplify your life as much as possible .
Only keep belongings that you use / enjoy on a regular basis .
By making the effort to reduce what you own , you will naturally purchase less / create less waste in the future .
Determine Your Impact : The Eco Footprint , Carbon Footprint and Water Footprint calculators give you a great way to determine how you are impacting the environment .
The Eco Footprint , Carbon Footprint and Water Footprint calculators give you a great way to determine how you are impacting the environment .
Reduce Purchases :
In general , think before you buy any product - do you really need it ?
How did the production of this product impact the environment and what further impacts will there be with the disposal of the product ( and associated packaging materials ) ?
When you are thinking about buying something , try the 30 - Day Rule -- wait 30 days after the first time you decide you want a product to really make your decision .
This will eliminate impulse buying .
The free , downloadable Wallet Buddy from The Center for a New American Dream is a great constant reminder to make sustainable purchases ( including avoiding unessentials ) .
In general , think before you buy any product - do you really need it ?
How did the production of this product impact the environment and what further impacts will there be with the disposal of the product ( and associated packaging materials ) ?
When you are thinking about buying something , try the 30 - Day Rule -- wait 30 days after the first time you decide you want a product to really make your decision .
This will eliminate impulse buying .
The free , downloadable Wallet Buddy from The Center for a New American Dream is a great constant reminder to make sustainable purchases ( including avoiding unessentials ) .
Observe an Eco-Sabbath : For one day , afternoon or hour a week , do n't buy anything , do n't use machines , do n't switch on anything electric , do n't cook , do n't answer your phone and , in general , do n't use any resources .
( source )
For one day , afternoon or hour a week , do n't buy anything , do n't use machines , do n't switch on anything electric , do n't cook , do n't answer your phone and , in general , do n't use any resources .
( source ) Replace Disposables :
Wherever possible , replace disposable products with reusable ones ( i.e. , razor , food storage , batteries , ink cartridges ( buy refill ink ) , coffee filters , furnace or air conditioner filters , etc. ) .
Wherever possible , replace disposable products with reusable ones ( i.e. , razor , food storage , batteries , ink cartridges ( buy refill ink ) , coffee filters , furnace or air conditioner filters , etc. ) .
Buy Used : Buy used products whenever possible .
Some sources :
Second : Reuse
The media has done a wonderful job of selling us on the attractiveness and benefits of buying " new " , " improved " , " special " , etc. products .
However , we already collectively own so much that we could all survive for quite a while on the existing products - if we just reused them a few times !
Third : Recycle
Fourth : Refuse
Refuse Products that Create Waste :
If available , instead of buying processed food , bring your own bags and containers and buy from the bulk and produce sections of the grocery store .
Minimize or eliminate other types of purchases that generate waste .
The Johnson 's are a zero - waste family who offer tips and inspiration for creating a zero - waste household while creating a far more satisfying and affordable lifestyle .
If available , instead of buying processed food , bring your own bags and containers and buy from the bulk and produce sections of the grocery store .
Minimize or eliminate other types of purchases that generate waste .
The Johnson 's are a zero - waste family who offer tips and inspiration for creating a zero - waste household while creating a far more satisfying and affordable lifestyle .
Avoid Single Use Products : Instead , choose ( or bring ) reusable products or consider doing without .
Avoiding plastic single use items is especially important because of their toxic load and , if landfilled , exceptionally long life .
These can include food and beverage containers , cups , plates , straws , writing pens , razors , diapers , towels , shopping bags , etc .
Instead , choose ( or bring ) reusable products or consider doing without .
Avoiding single use items is especially important because of their toxic load and , if landfilled , exceptionally long life .
These can include food and beverage containers , cups , plates , straws , writing pens , razors , diapers , towels , shopping bags , etc. Refuse Give Aways :
When a business or individual offers you a free give away that you do n't need , politely refuse .
This can be anything from a straw in a restaurant to promotional gifts to paper handouts .
This not only saves the company or individual money , but it keeps resources from being consumed unnecessarily ( even if it is recyclable ) .
Fifth : Rot
Worm Composting : Learn about worm composting ( vermiculture ) at Earthworm FAQ .
Learn about worm composting ( vermiculture ) at Earthworm FAQ .
Composting : Start a compost pile with yard trimmings and food scraps .
Learn more at Wikipedia 's Compost page .
Start a compost pile with yard trimmings and food scraps .
Learn more at Wikipedia 's Compost page .
Grasscycling : Leave grass clippings on the lawn as fertilizer and to reduce the amount of yard trimmings disposed in landfills .
Leave grass clippings on the lawn as fertilizer and to reduce the amount of yard trimmings disposed in landfills .
Mulching : Mulching mowers are available which will convert cut grass into a natural fertilizer .
Your Food
Switching to a animal - free , vegan diet is a powerful way to help protect our environment , help ensure everyone has enough to eat and improve your health .
The United Nations report Livestock 's Long Shadow–Environmental Issues and Options , which concludes that the livestock sector ( primarily cows , chickens , and pigs ) emerges as one of the top two or three most significant contributors to our most serious environmental problems , at every scale from local to global .
It is one of the largest sources of greenhouse gases - responsible for 18 % of the world 's greenhouse gas emissions as measured in CO2 equivalents .
It produces 65 % of human - related nitrous oxide ( which has 296 times the climate change potential of CO2 ) and 37 % of all human - induced methane ( which is 23 times as warming as CO2 ) .
It also generates 64 % of the ammonia , which contributes to acid rain and acidification of ecosystems .
In addition , the enormous amounts of grain required to feed livestock reduces the amount of food available for the world 's hungry .
Buying organic , locally grown food also reduces climate change emissions and helps protect the environment .
" The world is producing the wrong kind of food , by a process that leaves millions of people landless , homeless , cashless , and unable to feed themselves . "
Anita Roddick
Conserve Energy
Please do not wait to start conserving as much energy as you can to reduce your climate change emissions !
And please ask your elected representatives to push for strong legislation to move toward overall reduced energy usage and increased alternative energy production .
Set Goals :
To reduce your energy consumption :
Set specific energy reduction goals ( for electricity , gas , and gallons of fuel consumed in your car ( s ) ) -- for example , commit to using 20 % less per month Determine a baseline to start reducing from .
Print the energy and water consumption chart and post in a visible spot in your home .
Updates : for your car(s ) : chart the number of miles you drive each month for your home / office : chart the gas " therms " and / or electric kilowatts per hour ( kWh ) used in the last 12 months ( for comparison to each month this year )
Make specific changes in products used and family member habits : buy energy saving products where needed read Alternative Transportation and Fuel Efficiency
Tips get your family involved by asking for specific changes in everyone 's habits ( e.g. , tape signs to light switches reminding family members to turn out lights when they leave a room , tape a sign to your car dashboard reminding the driver to check tire pressure during the first week of each month , assign someone to turn out all lights and cut power to unused appliances ( to reduce standby power usage ) each night ) look for additional ideas below
Once a month , add the new usage information to the charts and make adjustments as needed to reach your goals
Use the money saved to do something fun with your family ( if you have children , increase their allowances by the amount saved to encourage them to get involved in finding new ways to conserve )
To reduce your energy consumption :
Conserve Water
Freshwater degradation is a looming crisis that we must face head on with strong and effective actions .
Please do your part to protect this precious resource and call upon your elected representatives to take action today to protect not just future generations but our own future by adopting sustainable water practices .
Only 3 % of the earth 's water is freshwater - we must protect this critical resource .
In addition , water - related energy consumes a large amount of energy .
In California , for example , water use consumes 19 % of the state 's electricity , 30 % of it 's natural gas , and 88 billion gallons of diesel fuel annually .
Out in Nature
Your Home and Finances
Create a non -toxic , safe home for your family and pets .
Gather up all products in your house or garage that contain unsafe chemicals and drop off at your local hazardous waste facility .
Switch to alternatives containing cwertified nontoxic and biodegradable ingredients .
Nontoxic Home
Natural Body Products
Building or Remodeling Your Home
Personal Finances
Your Garden
Create a Backyard Wildlife Habitat
As people take over more and more of the land , we need to provide food , water , and shelter to the animals that are now relying on us for their survival .
Backyard Wildlife Habitat : A backyard wildlife habitat or " naturescape " can be created in your own backyard .
A miniature version can even be created on your patio or deck .
Basic elements include fresh water ( i.e. , a bird bath and , if in a yard , water low to the ground ) ; plants and feeders that provide nourishment for birds , insects , etc. ; and rocks , trees , bushes and / or bird houses for shelter and nesting .
Purchase plants that are native to your area .
The National Wildlife Federation has an excellent program : The Backyard Wildlife Habitat Program which provides some helpful , detailed examples .
A backyard wildlife habitat or " naturescape " can be created in your own backyard .
A miniature version can even be created on your patio or deck .
Basic elements include fresh water ( i.e. , a bird bath and , if in a yard , water low to the ground ) ; plants and feeders that provide nourishment for birds , insects , etc. ; and rocks , trees , bushes and / or bird houses for shelter and nesting .
Purchase plants that are native to your area .
The National Wildlife Federation has an excellent program : The Backyard Wildlife Habitat Program which provides some helpful , detailed examples .
Attracting Animals : Learn how to attract : Hummingbirds Butterflies Birds
Learn how to attract : Protecting Birds :
The greatest danger to birds in your yard is window collisions ( up to 1 billion collisions annually in the U.S. alone ) .
Audubon provides tips for minimizing collisions .
The greatest danger to birds in your yard is window collisions ( up to 1 billion collisions annually in the U.S. alone ) .
Audubon provides tips for minimizing collisions .
Resources : How to Naturescape provides inspiration and information on switching to native plants .
Gardening Tips
Green Your Work
Sustainable Business Strategies
The following programs provide an overall approach and / or concepts for integrating sustainable practices into your business :
Regulatory Concepts or Systems
Extended Producer Responsibility : environmental protection strategy to reach an environmental objective of a decreased total environmental impact of a product , by making the manufacturer of the product responsible for the entire life - cycle of the product and especially for the take - back , recycling and final disposal of the product .
environmental protection strategy to reach an environmental objective of a decreased total environmental impact of a product , by making the manufacturer of the product responsible for the entire life - cycle of the product and especially for the take - back , recycling and final disposal of the product .
REACH ( Registration , Evaluation and Authorization of Chemicals ) : legislation by the European Union that forces industries doing business in Europe to register chemicals and submit health and safety data , and replace the most hazardous ones with safer alternatives .
The law , which took effect in 2007 , is impacting businesses worldwide and over time will result in a significant reduction of toxic chemicals released into the environment .
legislation by the European Union that forces industries doing business in Europe to register chemicals and submit health and safety data , and replace the most hazardous ones with safer alternatives .
The law , which took effect in 2007 , is impacting businesses worldwide and over time will result in a significant reduction of toxic chemicals released into the environment .
Emissions Trading : an administrative approach used to control pollution by providing economic incentives for achieving reductions in the emissions of pollutants .
Green Purchasing
The following resources provide information and directories for green product purchases .
Green Product Design
The following programs , tools and materials facilitate greening your product design process :
Green Product Labels
Green label programs to help design and promote your green products :
Eco -Labels Directory : the Consumers Union 's useful guide to environmental labels across a wide variety of industries .
Examples of labels : Safer Choice and Green Seal .
Additional certifications .
the Consumers Union 's useful guide to environmental labels across a wide variety of industries .
Examples of labels : Safer Choice and Green Seal .
Additional certifications .
C2C Certification : Cradle to Cradle Certification provides a company with a means to tangibly , credibly measure achievement in environmentally - intelligent design and helps customers purchase and specify products that are pursuing a broader definition of quality .
C2C Certification Cradle to Cradle Certification provides a company with a means to tangibly , credibly measure achievement in environmentally - intelligent design and helps customers purchase and specify products that are pursuing a broader definition of quality .
Fair Trade Labeling : a brand designed to allow consumers to identify goods which meet agreed fair trade standards .
Typically standards cover labor standards , environmental standards , and stable pricing .
The program is overseen by an international umbrella organization , the Fairtrade Labelling Organizations International ( FLO ) .
Zero Waste and Pollution Prevention
Tools and information for creating a zero waste , non-polluting business .
Green Building Tools and Programs
BEES ( Building for Environmental and Economic Sustainability ) Software : helps with selecting cost - effective , environmentally - preferable building products .
LEED : green building certification program .
green building certification program .
Building Material Donations : in the US and Canada , Habitat for Humanity has hundreds of local donation centers ( Restore ) where unused building material can be donated .
Alternatively , try returning excess materials to the the point of purchase .
Water Conservation
Water Conservation Guide 100 Ways to Conserve for additional ideas .
Native Plants : by switching your landscaping to drought - tolerant native plants a company can save a large amount of water ( up to 550 gallons of water can be saved per year from just one plant ) .
Energy Conservation and Renewable Energy
Reporting and Measurement
CBD : a non-profit which runs the global disclosure system that enables companies , cities , states and regions to measure and manage their environmental impacts .
a non-profit which runs the global disclosure system that enables companies , cities , states and regions to measure and manage their environmental impacts .
Environmental Management Accounting ( EMA ) : the identification , collection , estimation , analysis , internal reporting , and use of materials and energy flow information , environmental cost information , and other cost information for both conventional and environmental decision - making within an organization .
the identification , collection , estimation , analysis , internal reporting , and use of materials and energy flow information , environmental cost information , and other cost information for both conventional and environmental decision - making within an organization .
Global Reporting Initiative : a multi-stakeholder process and independent institution whose mission is to develop and disseminate globally applicable Sustainability Reporting Guidelines .
a multi-stakeholder process and independent institution whose mission is to develop and disseminate globally applicable Sustainability Reporting Guidelines .
Greenhouse Gas Protocol : international accounting tool for government and business leaders to understand , quantify , and manage greenhouse gas emissions .
international accounting tool for government and business leaders to understand , quantify , and manage greenhouse gas emissions .
Corporate Social Responsibility : a comprehensive set of policies , practices and programs that are integrated into business operations , supply chains , and decision - making processes throughout the company and includes responsibility for current and past actions as well as future impacts .
The goal is to help companies achieve commercial success in ways that honor ethical values and respect people , communities , and the natural environment .
a comprehensive set of policies , practices and programs that are integrated into business operations , supply chains , and decision - making processes throughout the company and includes responsibility for current and past actions as well as future impacts .
The goal is to help companies achieve commercial success in ways that honor ethical values and respect people , communities , and the natural environment .
Resource Productivity and Resource Intensity : key concepts used in sustainability measurement to maximize resource productivity while minimizing resource intensity .
Other Green Business Practices
Support Systems
Eco-Industrial Parks : a community of manufacturing and service businesses located together on a common property .
Member businesses seek enhanced environmental , economic , and social performance through collaboration in managing environmental and resource issues .
Components of this approach include green design of park infrastructure and plants ( new or retrofitted ) ; cleaner production , pollution prevention ; energy efficiency ; and inter-company partnering .
An EIP also seeks benefits for neighboring communities to assure that the net impact of its development is positive .
a community of manufacturing and service businesses located together on a common property .
Member businesses seek enhanced environmental , economic , and social performance through collaboration in managing environmental and resource issues .
Components of this approach include green design of park infrastructure and plants ( new or retrofitted ) ; cleaner production , pollution prevention ; energy efficiency ; and inter-company partnering .
An EIP also seeks benefits for neighboring communities to assure that the net impact of its development is positive .
Environmental Health and Safety Freeware : freeware that provides information and tools to help business achieve environmental excellence .
freeware that provides information and tools to help business achieve environmental excellence .
Environmental Businesses Directory : global online marketplace and information resources for the environmental industry
global online marketplace and information resources for the environmental industry Environmental Impact Assessment ( EIA ) : used to identify the Environmental , Social and Economic impacts of a proposed development prior to decision making .
New Sustainable / Cleantech Business Ideas and Concepts
Fair Trade Business : what to think about when starting a fair trade business .
what to think about when starting a fair trade business .
Social Entrepreneurship : the work of social entrepreneurs .
A social entrepreneur recognizes a social problem and uses entrepreneurial principles to organize , create and manage a venture to achieve social change ( a social venture ) .
the work of social entrepreneurs .
A social entrepreneur recognizes a social problem and uses entrepreneurial principles to organize , create and manage a venture to achieve social change ( a social venture ) .
Impact Hub : one of the world ’s largest networks focused on building entrepreneurial communities for impact at scale — home to the innovators , the dreamers and the entrepreneurs who are creating tangible solutions to the world ’s most pressing issues .
Sustainable Business News and Terms
Public Support for Environmental Practices
Enironmental Education and Careers
Green Eco-Friendly Gift Ideas for the Whole Family
Solar eclipse , Aug. 11 , 1999 , seen from the Mir space station .
An eclipse appears total only while you ’re directly in the moon ’s shadow .
Normally the darkness lasts only a few minutes … but in 1973 a Concorde supersonic jet managed to stay in the shade for 74 minutes .
Read & Listen
Almost every book has integrated audio so you can read , listen or both .
Reading progress and position are mapped to your navigation bar and synced across all your devices .
Scientists from the California Institute of Technology ( Caltech ) have created a range of structural metallic - glass composites , based in titanium , that are lighter and less expensive than any the group had previously created , while still maintaining their toughness and ductility -- the ability to be deformed without breaking .
Earlier this year , the same Caltech group had published a paper in the journal Nature , describing new strategies for creating the liquid - metal composites .
This research resulted in " alloys with unrivaled strength and toughness , " notes Douglas Hofmann , visiting scientist and lead author on the PNAS paper that , along with the Nature paper , describes work he did while a graduate student at Caltech .
" They are among the toughest engineering materials that currently exist . "
Still , there were shortcomings to the alloys presented in Nature .
Because they were created for use in the aerospace industry -- among other structural applications -- they needed to have very low densities .
Ideally , the alloys would have had densities in or around those of crystalline titanium alloys , which fall between 4.5 and 5 grams per cubic centimeter ( g/ cc ) .
The original alloys , made predominantly of zirconium , fell between 5.6 and 6.4 g/ cc , putting them " in a no - man 's - land of densities for aerospace structures , " says Hofmann .
And so Hofmann and his colleagues -- including William Johnson , Caltech 's Ruben F. and Donna Mettler Professor of Engineering and Applied Science , and a pioneer in the creation of metallic glass -- began tweaking the components in their composites , eventually coming up with a group of alloys with a high percentage of titanium , but which maintained the properties of the previously created zirconium alloys .
" Despite being based in titanium , " Hofmann notes , " these alloys exhibit the same impressive properties as the zirconium alloys .
They are still tough -- in other words , they resist cracking -- and they are still ductile .
In fact , they are even more ductile than the alloys we 'd created in the past . "
This decrease in density also resulted in a reduction in cost , adds Hofmann , since zirconium is a more expensive metal than is titanium .
The work was supported by the U.S. Office of Naval Research .
Hofmann was supported by the U.S. Department of Defense through the National Defense Science and Engineering Graduate Fellowship program .
The paper 's coauthors included Johnson ; Caltech graduate students Jin-Yoo Suh and Aaron Wiest ; Mary - Laura Lind , a visitor in materials science ; and Marios Demetriou , a senior research fellow in materials science .
The end of 2008 brings some discouraging news about our kids ' brains and brawn .
Recent results from an international math and science test show United States students are performing near the middle of the pack compared to other countries , while their levels of obesity continue to climb .
Historically , these two trends were studied independently with plans of action developed for each .
However , several researchers and a new book have been making the case for linking these two problems by showing the effects of aerobic exercise not only on a student 's fitness level but also on their test scores .
Earlier this month , the latest ( 2007 ) TIMSS ( Trends in International Mathematics and Science Study ) scores were released .
They compare fourth grade students from 36 countries and eighth grade students from 48 countries .
They were tested on subjects that were common to all of the countries , including algebra , geometry , chemistry and physics .
Overall , 425,000 students participated in the test , which is administered every four years .
In math , American fourth graders came in at 11th place of the 36 countries while eighth graders scored ninth out of 48 .
Hong Kong and Taiwan ranked first for fourth grade and eighth grade , respectively .
In science , Singapore topped the list for both fourth grade and eighth grade , with U.S. science students taking eighth place and 11th place .
While the American math scores have improved slightly , the science scores have dropped .
In 2003 , U.S. fourth graders were in sixth place in the world and eighth graders were in ninth place .
Only 6 percent of U.S. eighth - grade students reached the TIMSS " advanced " level in math , compared to 45 percent of students in Chinese Taipei , 40 percent in Korea , 40 percent in Singapore , 31 percent in Hong Kong , 26 percent in Japan and 10 percent in Hungary .
Regarding student fitness , the most recent figures from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention report that the percentage of overweight or obese 6 - to 11 - year - olds has tripled since 1980 , with more than 125 million children at unhealthy levels .
Leaping backward
Ironically , one of the solutions proposed for raising test scores , the federal No Child Left Behind program , encourages schools to focus more of the school day on the core academic subjects while reducing class time in peripheral subjects , like art , music , and physical education .
In fact , only 6 percent of American high schools offer a daily gym class .
Yet a 2002 Virginia
Tech study showed no relationship between reduced class time in those subjects and higher overall standardized tests .
In his latest book , " Spark : The Revolutionary New Science of Exercise and the Brain " ( 2008 , Little , Brown ) , John Ratey , a Harvard clinical associate professor of psychiatry , argues for more physical fitness for students as a cure for not only their obesity but also their academic performance .
" I cannot underestimate how important regular exercise is in improving the function and performance of the brain . "
Ratey writes .
" Exercise stimulates our gray matter to produce Miracle - Gro for the brain . "
That " Miracle - Gro " is a brain chemical called brain - derived neurotropic factor , or BDNF .
When we exercise , our working muscles send chemicals into our bloodstream , including a protein known as IGF - 1 .
Once in the brain , IGF - 1 orders the production of more BDNF .
The additional BDNF helps new neurons and their connections grow .
In addition , levels of other neurotransmitters are increased after a strenuous exercise session .
" Dopamine , serotonin , norepinephrine — all of these are elevated after exercise , " says Ratey .
" So having a workout will help focus , calming down , and impulsivity — it 's like taking a little bit of Prozac and a little bit of Ritalin . "
Evidence mounts
Research showing a link between fitness and academics is growing .
The California Department of Education ( CDE ) looked for a correlation between fitness scores and test scores .
They found that kids who were deemed fit ( by a standard test of aerobic capacity , BMI , abdominal strength , trunk strength , upper body strength and overall flexibility ) scored twice as well on academic tests as those that were unfit .
In the second year of the study , socio- economic status was taken into account , to possibly eliminate that variable as an explanation .
As expected , those in the upper - income brackets scored better overall on the academic tests , but within the lower - income set of students , the same results were observed — kids who were more fit performed better academically .
Charles Hillman , associate professor of kinesiology at the University of Illinois , was able to duplicate these findings with 259 third and fifth - grade Illinois students .
His team also noticed that two of the tests , BMI and aerobic capacity , were significantly more influential to higher academic scores than the other four fitness factors .
Digging deeper , he isolated two groups of 20 students , one fit and the other unfit .
They were given cognitive tests of attention , working memory and processing speed while their brain 's electrical activity was being measured by an electroencephalogram ( EEG ) test .
The fit kids ' brains showed more activity in the prefrontal cortex , known for its executive function and control over other brain processes .
So , just send the kids on a fast jog and they will ace all of their tests ?
Not quite .
“ The exercise itself does n't make you smarter , but it puts the brain of the learners in the optimal position for them to learn , ” Ratey said .
“ There 's no way to say for sure that improves learning capacity for kids , but it certainly seems to correlate to that . "
Dan Peterson blogs about sports science at his site Sports Are 80 Percent Mental and at Scientific Blogging .
For a change of pace from his incessant immigrant bashing , CNN ‘s Lou Dobbs recently exclaimed over “ unusual storms ” and snow in Las Vegas , Southern California and Arizona ’s mountains .
This “ unbelievable ” evidence has Dobbs wondering : “ So what are those folks talking about global warming ? ”
Posting at Washington Monthly ‘s Political Animal blog ( 12/19/08 ) , Steve Benen describes how , “ to ‘ discuss ’ the subject , Dobbs invited CNN meteorologist Chad Myers and Heartland Institute science director Jay Lehr onto the show ” :
Not surprisingly , Lehr told Dobbs what he wanted to hear , starting with an anecdote about Lehr ’s sky diving hobby .
LEHR : I have jumped out of a plane in Ohio every month for 31 years , and I track the weather constantly to find out if I can make it out of a plane .
And I can tell you , the weather the last ten years has n’t been significantly different than the ten years before that or the ten years before that .
It has been — it is always changes what the weather is about .
And to say that it has to do with global warming is really more of a joke than anything else .
Why people are so alarmed about it , I have no clue .
DOBBS : You know , that ’s fascinating .
Before ending the segment , Lehr added that the sun , “ not man , ” warms the planet , and that “ right now , ” we ’re “ going in to cooling rather than warming . ”
Let ’s quickly highlight reality here .
First , it ’s not the sun .
Second , snowfall on one day in one part of the country does not reflect “ climate . ”
Third , an anecdote about sky - diving experimentation is not indicative of climate science .
Fourth , though Dobbs apparently forgot to mention it , the Heartland Institute is a conservative think tank subsidized by ExxonMobil , not an independent scientific organization , and Jay Lehr ’s background is in “ groundwater hydrology , ” not climate science .
Oh , and fifth , this is not “ fascinating . ”
Benennotes that “ the bizarre commentary from CNN‘s Chad Myers was n’t much better .
He argued that it ’s ‘ arrogant ’ to think that humans can affect the climate ( ‘ Mother nature is so big , ’ he said ) and that people who accept global warming are only looking at ‘ a hundred years worth of data , not millions of years that the world has been around . ' ”
Benen wonders ,
“ Why is this man a CNN meteorologist ? ”
But the sad fact is that a lot of TV weather people think their experience predicting local snowfalls makes them more expert on climate change than actual climate scientists , and often peddle similar nonsense on the air .
See FAIR ’s magazine Extra ! : “ In Denial on Climate Change : Leading Pundits Reject Science on Global Warming ” ( 5-6/07 ) by Peter Hart
Iran ceased any efforts to design a nuclear warhead or covertly enrich uranium to weapons - grade levels in 2003 and has no current nuclear weapons program .
Those were the conclusions of last year ’s National Intelligence Estimate ( NIE ) on Iran .
The NIE was an authoritative assessment of the coordinated judgments of the entire United States intelligence apparatus .
The report frustrated US hawks who hoped to parlay fear over Iran ’s alleged nuclear weapons program into a justification for regime change , and was condemned by Israeli officials as a lie .
Despite the NIE ’s declassification over a year ago , US officials continue to accuse Iran of pursuing nuclear weapons .
Speaking to a small group of reporters Dr. Thomas Fingar , the outgoing chairman of the National Intelligence Council , defended the reports findings , adding that he believes Iran has not diverted any of the low - enriched uranium for its soon - to - be - completed nuclear power plant to weapons use .
The IAEA has repeatedly certified the same , but officials still portray Iran ’s civilian enrichment program as dangerous .
Dr. Fingar says he still stands behind the report , and believes that Iran has not made any decision to pursue nuclear weapons , in spite of President - elect Obama ’s claims to the contrary and reports that the Israeli military is preparing to attack Iran , ostensibly to halt the program .
Part of the plasma chamber of Wendelstein 7 - X : Twenty of these elements are joined to form a ring shaped in keeping with the twisting contours of the plasma .
The ports in the vessel grant access for heating and measuring facilities .
( Photo : IPP , W. Filser )
The first large production order for the Wendelstein 7 - X fusion experiment , construction of the plasma chamber , has been successfully completed :
The 20 sectors of the bizarrely shaped 35 - ton vessel were assembled from several hundred individual components – an engineering masterpiece .
Installation of the whole complex device , which started in spring 2005 at the Greifswald branch of Max Planck Institute of Plasma Physics , will take about six years .
The aim of fusion research is to derive energy from fusion of atomic nuclei like the sun .
To ignite the fusion fire the fuel in a future power plant , a hydrogen plasma , has to be confined in magnetic fields and heated to temperatures of over 100 million degrees .
Wendelstein 7 - X , which on completion will be the biggest fusion device of the stellarator type in the world , is aimed at investigating the suitability of this concept for application in power plants .
The plasma vessel was produced in 20 sections by MAN DWE GmbH at Deggendorf , Germany , four of which are already in use at IPP for installing the experiment .
The assembled ring - shaped plasma chamber with a diameter of about 12 metres will later confine the plasma heated to 100 million degrees .
The shape of the vessel is matched to the twisting plasma ring .
This peculiar shape in conjunction with the high precision required constitutes a major challenge for production : tolerances of less than 3 millimetres being called for in some cases .
In order to fashion the bizarre shape from steel , the 35 - ton vessel was assembled from 200 individual rings .
Each ring , in turn , is composed of several finger - thick steel strips 18 centimetres wide which are multiply bent in keeping with the twisting contours .
The more than 800 individual components of the vessel are joined vacuum - proof by more than 1,600 metres of brazing .
For this purpose the components to be connected were placed in exactly defined positions two millimetres apart , the gaps being closed by hand with several adjacent and superposed brazed layers of wire – a total of several kilometres of brazing wire being used in the process .
The 299 ports through which later the plasma is to be observed and heated and heat - loaded wall areas are to be cooled were then cut out of the vessel sections with a sharp water beam .
Each of the 20 sectors was fitted inside with holders for the later wall cladding and outside with cooling and heating pipes .
All vessel segments and pipes were then tested for ultra - high vacuum proofing .
Production was accompanied from the outset by three - dimensional measurement with the laser tracker , ensuring that the prescribed shape had indeed been exactly attained : “ The asymmetric shape in conjunction with the high precision required makes all this ” , states Bernd Hein , the IPP engineer responsible for the plasma vessel , “ a feat of construction bordering on the technically feasible that called for supreme craftsmanship from the team ” .
When the experiment is ready , the plasma vessel will be enclosed inside a wreath of 70 super - conducting magnet coils that generate the magnetic cage keeping the plasma suspended away from the interior walls of the plasma vessel .
The coil wreath , in turn , is enclosed by a thermally insulating outer sheath .
Superinsulation encloses the vacuum between the plasma vessel and outer vessel and separates the magnet coils , cooled to superconduction temperature with liquid helium , from their hot surroundings .
The whole device is composed of five almost structurally identical modules , each pre-assembled and then joined up in the experimentation hall to form a ring .
Installation of Wendelstein 7 - X , started in spring 2005 , will take about six years .
Source : Max Planck Institute of Plasma Physics
Explore further Monarch butterflies rely on temperature - sensitive internal timer while overwintering
Over the last 30 years , while securing your devices against viruses , malware , fileless attacks , and other threats at home and away , McAfee has built a rich and widespread global threat intelligence network .
This foundation allows us to constantly analyze and gather data on threats from over 500 million endpoints across the globe .
Today in Traditional Marriage
Paul linked this in Morning News , but more details are emerging ...
A husband and wife have been charged with torture and other counts after a bruised , terrified 17 - year - old showed up at a gym with a chain locked to his ankle , claiming he had just fled his captors , authorities said Tuesday .
Kelly Lau Schumacher , 30 , and Michael Schumacher , 34 , were arrested late Monday , said Matt Robinson , a spokesman for police in Tracy .
They had been taken into custody for questioning earlier in the day at their home in Tracy , where the emaciated boy was allegedly held against his will .
A search of the home turned up evidence implicating the couple , Robinson said ....
Robinson said the boy was confused when approached by detectives Monday , unsure where he had come from and how long had been held against his will .
He was taken to a hospital .
" The wounds he had and his physical condition as well as having a chain around his leg corroborated his basic statement that he was being held against his will , " Robinson said .
Kelly and Michael Schumacher are legally married — and they can stay legally married , even if they 're found to be guilty of this horrendous crime .
They can stay legally married even if the decomposing remains of twenty other teenagers are found buried in their backyard .
Their marriage license cannot be revoked .
If Michael dies in prison , Kelly can remarry — even if she 's serving a life sentence without the possibility of parole .
If Kelly decides to divorce Michael , he can remarry — even if he 's sitting on death row .
He can remarry and divorce and remarry and divorce and remarry and divorce until he runs out of prison pen pals .
Because the courts have declared that marriage is so fundamental a right that it cannot be denied to convicted rapists or to serial killers .
But it 's a right that 's denied to me and my boyfriend .
Because we 're both men and that ain't right .
Interest groups spending tens of millions of television ad dollars in a fight over carbon emissions and the existence of “ clean coal . ”
Coal industry magnates , who would lose big if new pollution standards are signed into law , spent between $ 35 million and $ 45 million on advertising this year - most of it on television ads aired during the 2008 campaigns - pitching “ clean coal ” as a new environmentally friendly fuel .
But the concept of “ clean coal ” is somewhat nebulous - it encompasses a number of techniques for reducing pollution by chemically washing coal or capturing and storing emissions - and the most effective technology , carbon sequestration , is still 10 - 15 years from being built for American plants .
The marketing campaign , as well as a relatively low investment in researching “ clean coal ” technologies according to one study , have environmentalists and liberal think tanks calling foul on the coal companies .
To that end , environmentalists led by former Vice President Al Gore launched a counter - attack earlier this month , buying advertising disputing industry claims that “ clean ” coal exists .
Spokesmen for different groups involved in the campaign did not immediately answer questions about how much money was being spent on their advertising campaign , but have called it a multi-million dollar effort in previous comments .
The Reality Coalition launched a second television ad Monday , a parody of a coal executive smelling a lump of “ clean coal , ” which leaves a black smudge on his nose as he deadpans for the camera .
“ Clean coal ” supporters say the fact that carbon sequestering technology is not market - ready nationally is not in dispute , and that the environmentalists have put words in their mouths .
“ There are all kinds of options we ’re pursuing , ” said Joe Lucas , senior vice president for the American Coalition for Clean Coal Energy , a group of 48 coal companies and power plants that have spent heavily on the “ clean coal ” marketing campaign .
“ The industry is stepping up to help with carbon reduction , that includes educating the public about why investing in new technologies is very important , ” Mr. Lucas said .
President - elect Barack Obama has supported investing in “ clean coal ” technology .
The Center for American Progress ( CAP ) , a liberal think tank with deep ties to the incoming Obama administration , however skewered coal supporters in a study released Monday .
The coal industry ’s marketing campaign is akin to American carmakers lobbying strategy that led to the need for a bailout , said Dan Weiss , who co-authored the study on how much the coal industry has spent advertising and lobbying for clean coal , versus how much it has spent on research .
“ They spend very little in research and spend a lot of money in trying to convince people not to make them do anything , ” Mr. Weiss said on a conference call with reporters .
“ The hypocrisy comes in when you look at what they ’re actually doing . ”
Mr. Weiss estimates that for every $ 17 members of the American Coalition for Clean Coal Energy earned in profits in 2007 , they spent $ 1 on researching carbon reduction technologies .
But the CAP report had one coal supporter laughing at its premise .
“ These are silly reports ; they ’re nitpicking little reports that pull a datapoint out and make a big issue out of something that is largely irrelevant , ” said Frank Maisano , spokesman for the Electric Reliability Coordinating Council , a coalition of utilities and transportation companies .
“ They have n’t grappled with the reality that coal is a major part of keeping the lights on in this country , ” he said .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
" We are right behind the Government on this one , " a bubbly , 37 - year - old spokestypewoman for Tesco — Britain 's leading supermarket chain — told breathlessly .
" Our stores are no longer prepared to turn a blind eye to the shocking abuse of vegetables by a sick minority of . "
Among the list of unsavoury produce on the Government ’s hit list are courgettes , cucumbers , bananas , carrots and squashes , which will have to carry a Goverment Health warning that : ' improper use is liable to corrupt and deprave , and may lead to surgical intervention ' .
But that is just the thin edge of an extremely wide veg — or , wedge , as UK Minister for Sexual Health , Dr Frank Carrott , was at pains to point out to our researcher .
" Only last week , " the bespectacled women 's health campaigner told us , " I saw a woman in my local Waitrose casually put a phallic - shaped butternut squash , a tub of marge and a packet of King Size condoms on the conveyor .
Now what sort of example does that set to my two teenage daughters ? "
" Well , at least she 's practising safe sex , " we commented .
" That 's as maybe , " snorted Dr Carrott .
" My proposed new Vegetable Abuse Bill will soon wipe the grin off the
" Bill ? "
" Yes , If my legislation is passed the sale of these and other disgusting vegetable ' sex toys ' will be restricted to married women over 65 . "
" Wo n't that rather undermine the Government 's initiative to get the public eating more healthily ? "
" We 're not completely naïve , you know , " bristled the Minister .
" Pre-packaged , fresh , diced vegetables will be unaffected by the ban .
As will tinned carrots and pickled cucumbers .
Let 's see the filthy sluts try to with those ! "
Consumer watchdog , WhatVeg ?
were quick to pounce on the new health warnings , claiming that " this is a cynical move to drive up the price of fruit and veg ahead of the Minister 's proposed new legislation . "
A short , fat bloke carrying a sack of spuds in Covent Garden was bitter about the ban : " Supermarkets have gone bananas .
This will only drive these desperate women onto the Black Market .
In some parts of London butternut squashes are already changing hands at up to twenty quid each and you can't get your hands on a courgette for love nor money . "
Digging up the dirt
In an attempt to get to the bottom of this shocking tide of vegetable abuse , we commissioned a survey by the respected public relations company , Piers , Morgan & Maxwell .
Almost three - quarters of the men who responded said they support a ban on vegetables as a way to reduce lesbianism and improve their " Since my wife turned veggie I 'm lucky to get a shag once a month , " complained Arthur Scutbucket ( 48 ) .
" I mean , it 's not as if I can stop her buying carrots , is it ? "
Some 72 % of respondents said bananas , cucumbers and okra — ominously known as ' Lady 's Fingers ' — should be banned outright , while 65 % of men said that courgettes should carry a government health warning .
Surprisingly , more than two thirds of those surveyed ( 64 % ) said that school pupils should be taught to eat more meat to discourage them from having sex with vegetables .
The full results of our groundbreaking survey will be presented to the Department of Health , which leaked details of its proposed new legislation earlier this month .
Larry Lamb , of the anti-vegetable charity MoreMeat , said : " Your poll clearly shows that the public is demanding action to end these sick practices .
The veggie - lovers have had it their own way for far too long .
It is time decent British women stood up for the right to enjoy a big , meaty sausage at home and in the workplace .
This is the single most effective thing the Government can do to slash Accident and Emergency hospital bills and protect our young women from the " There should be restrictions on the marketing of vegetables to children through television and other media , " added a concerned mother , whose sixteen - year - old daughter , Sharon , recently underwent an uncomfortable surgical procedure to remove two leeks and half a cucumber from her furry front bottom .
Peeling aside the seamy underbelly of Vegetable abuse
" How would you like to be shoved up some dark , smelly alley , repeatedly beaten and then casually tossed aside ? " complained one aggrieved greengrocer who asked to remain anonymous for fear of reprisals by his vegetable - loving , female customers .
" Veggie sex is a disease just like alcoholism .
These people are sick and need help , " commented a Mr Ibrahim Bhindi of the Purley Halal Butchers Association .
Our researcher was appalled by what she dug up on the Internet .
Not only are there thousands of porn sites depicting the most graphic acts of vegetable abuse , but respectable organisations are shamelessly promoting this unnatural vice .
The official website of the UK Vegetarian Association gets straight down to business with the titillating headline : ' Forget the sex therapist — visit the greengrocer ' .
But there 's worse to come .
The site blatantly describes asparagus as ' an erotic shaped vegetable ' and goes on to reveal that Avocado was known to the Aztecs as ' ahucatl ' — which our researcher discovered means ' testicle ' .
The innocent carrot is described as ' a particularly effective aphrodisiac ' and celery as ' arousing ' .
The only concession to outraged public decency is a tiny disclaimer at the bottom of the web page which reads : ' The UK Vegetarian Association cannot be held responsible for the activities resulting from the use of these vegetables . '
" This is a bit like British - American Tobacco saying that they wo n't be held responsible for the activity resulting from , " commented Dr Carrott .
" I mean — it 's not as if anyone 's going to actually eat these vegetables after these filthy sluts have finished with them , are they ? "
The UK Vegetarian Association website goes on to reveal that 34 % of vegetarians find ultimate satisfaction in the succulent delights of a big , juicy squash and 24 % regularly enjoy an extra large courgette with a little sauce on the side .
We were equally shocked to find that 20 % of women had savoured the delights of ' knobbly ' okra and more than 37 % regularly took carrots to work with them .
was horrified to discover that leading celebrities are actively encouraging women to have sex with vegetables — and we do n't mean their couch - potato husbands .
American Porn Star , , makes no secret of her love affair with the leek while is apparently ' mad for purple - tipped asparagus . '
When we contacted the UK Vegetarian Association for their comments , an angry spokestypeperson told us defensively : " Every woman does it .
From teenagers to grandmothers .
Our members include mothers with babies , as well as lawyers and accountants , and they 're very popular with couples .
Remember these are just playthings to the sophisticated , modern woman — like the toys you had as a child , only these are playthings for adults . "
" Tell that to the junior doctor who has to go in there and clean up the mess these irresponsible women make , " we retorted .
" Women have a , " snapped the spokestypeperson .
" It can take a long time for a woman to orgasm .
Playing with a knobbly vegetable is a lot more satisfying than a quick poke with a limp pork sausage . "
With entrenched attitudes such as these , can only applaud Tesco 's initiative to root out vegetable sex and commend the Minister for Sexual Health for his timely and responsible action .
Comment on this story ?
Click the button to have your say Story © 2004 utterpants .
co.uk /021204 rev030305 / 300905
The primary reason for the likely shortfall in natural gas is the continued decline in production from the UK continental shelf .
Production has declined in each of the last four years , and is expected to continue to decline in the future .
Because of declining U. K. production , increased imports are needed each year .
There is no clear path for obtaining increased imports , however .
Pipeline imports are expected to remain flat or decline slightly , primarily because Norway 's exports this winter seems to be at the maximum level .
Liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) imports to date have been quite small , averaging less than 10 Mcm per day .
LNG imports could theoretically ramp up with higher price or long - term contracts , but at this point show no sign of increase .
If the U .
K should run short of natural gas in storage , the U. K. will need to get along with only its on - going sources of natural gas .
These are gas pumped from the U. K. continental shelf , pipeline imports , and imported liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) .
Recently , these sources have totaled about 300 million cubic meters a day ( Mcm /d ) .
Cutting back to this level of consumption may be difficult , since the shortfall is likely to exceed interruptible supplies , especially during cold weather when demand may exceed 450 Mcm /d according to National Grid .
There is still considerable uncertainty in precise amounts because demand may vary due to economic conditions and the weather , and supply may vary because of changes in production amounts or imports .
In this second part , I present the results of simulations of the U.K. natural gas supply and demand situation for the remainder of this heating season .
The results of these simulations are quite alarming : it appears that there is a significant chance that the U. K. will run short of natural gas in storage before the end of winter .
This is the second part of a two part series about U.K. natural gas .
In the first part of this series , I presented a historical look at natural gas supplies in Europe , with a focus on the United Kingdom ’s ( U.K. ) sources of natural gas supplies .
INTRODUCTION
NOTE : All diagrams are clickable and open in a larger version .
In this post , I present the results from what I now consider the most likely of several simulated scenarios .
My previous experience with making predictions about U. K. natural gas ( nat gas ) supply and demand have taught me that there is a great deal of variability in predicted results because it is not possible to forecast weather conditions for the next several months accurately , and temperature has a significant impact on the amount of natural gas consumed .
Economic conditions can also be expected to cause results to vary .
In some ways , making prediction of this type is comparable to standing on the bow of a small ship in a heavy storm taking aim for clay pigeon shooting while the ship is yawing , rolling , heaving , pitching and the gusts from everywhere tries to throw you off .
I have chosen what I presently consider the most representative scenario .
Actual results may be quite different .
I plan to update this analysis in the second half of January 2009 .
U.K. NATURAL GAS DEMAND
In the U. K. , nat gas demand is high in the winter , when it is used for heating , and low in the summer , when it is used primarily for electricity production and industrial uses .
Figure 01 shows a graph of U. K. nat gas consumption , split between electrical production and other uses .
FIGURE 01 Total U. K. nat gas consumption , split between electricity generation ( blue area ) and other uses , based on BERR data .
The portion used for electricity generation has recently been growing .
Figure 01 shows how U. K. nat gas consumption has varied in recent years .
In the past year , U.K. nat gas consumption has been increasing , primarily because of an increase in nat gas use for electrical generation .
For the months January through September 2008 , total U.K. nat gas consumption increased by 3,9 % compared to the same period of 2007 .
Last year , National Grid forecast nat gas demand ( SND ) to be 97,3 Bcm ( Gcm ) for contract year 2007 ( 01 . October 2007 to 30 . September 2008 ) .
Actual data shows demand grew to 102,5 Bcm ( Gcm ) , which is 5,3 % higher than forecast .
A major reason for the increase in natural gas demand is lower output of nuclear generated electricity .
Nat gas consumption for electricity generation increased by close to 9 % during the first 3 quarters of 2008 , compared to the same period of 2007 .
In the same time - period , total electricity consumption dropped by close to 4 % , most likely because of the economic slow down .
40 to 45 % of U.K. electricity is presently generated by nat gas .
FIGURE 02
The diagram above shows the National Grid SND forecast demand ( blue line ) , for the period January 2007 through September 2009 and actual demand ( red line ) from January 2007 through September 2008 .
The SND forecast from National Grid for contract year 2008 ( October 1 , 2008 to September 30 , 2009 ) shows a demand that is 1,2 % lower than the SND forecast for contract year 2007 .
U.K. NATURAL GAS STORAGE FACILITIES
FIGURE 03 U.K. nat gas storage levels for all facilities combined , expressed in Mcm for contract years 2005 through 2008 YTD ( Year to Date ) .
The red line in the diagram is for this contract year 2008 ( 01 . October 2008 to 30 . September 2009 ) .
From National Grid .
Figure 03 shows that the amount of nat gas in storage for the 2008 contract year has been dropping relatively quickly ( data is through 17.12.2008 ) .
While the amount in storage started above that for the prior three years , it is now on a path to drop below the other years .
U. K. has three types of storage facilities :
Long Term ( Rough , capacity of 3 340 Mcm and max flow rate of 42 Mcm/ d ) ,
Medium Term ( Hornsea , Hole House Farm , Hatfield Moor , Humbly Grove ; total capacity of 767 - 837 Mcm and max total flow rate of 37 Mcm /d ) , and
Short Term ( Avonmouth , Dynevor Arms , Glenmavis , Partington ; total capacity of 260 Mcm and max total flow rate of 48 Mcm / d ) .
The total storage capacity of these facilities at the end of May 2008 was 4 367 - 4 437 Mcm , according to data from BERR .
This amount corresponds to about 4 % to 5 % of annual consumption .
Withdrawal of nat gas from storage is meant to complement locally produced and imported supplies when demand surges as during cold periods , or be a source of substitute supplies during unplanned shutdown (s ) in the supply chain .
Normally for withdrawals of up to 42 Mcm/d , the long term storage facility is used .
As demand dictates higher withdrawals , the medium and short term facilities are operated in tandem with the long term facilities .
With all storage facilities operating in tandem , around 125 Mcm /d may be sustained for approximately 4 days .
The long and medium term storage facilities can deliver approximately 80 Mcm /d when operated in tandem .
The following is a comparison of some vital natural gas statistics between Germany , UK and USA for 2007 :
Germany nat gas was 24 % of primary energy consumption , 83 % was imports , and storage capacities were 22 % of annual consumption .
U.K. nat gas was 38 % of primary energy consumption , 21 % was imports , and storage capacities were just above 4 % of annual consumption .
USA nat gas was 25 % of primary energy consumption , 16 % was imports , and storage capacities were just above 15 % of annual consumption .
The comparison above , showing the nat gas portion of U.K. primary energy consumption and forecast future growth in imports , suggests that total U.K. nat gas storage facilities need to expand by a factor of 4 to 5 to provide the same flexibility and security of supplies as some of the countries it is natural to compare the U.K. with .
In the USA and Germany , there is a wide consensus that the draw down of storage facilities should not go lower than 20 % of their working capacities as the heating season ends .
This assures available spare capacity for potential spring cold snaps and / or supplemental supplies for unplanned losses from any supply source .
Nat gas storage facilities are expensive and take years to construct , so it is unlikely that the U. K. will be able to overcome its relative shortfall in storage capacity quickly .
In the days when U. K.'s production was higher and was a net exporter , it could more easily meet surging winter demand and thus had less need for storage .
Now that its nat gas production is rapidly declining , it needs more storage , but the storage is not available .
SUPPLY ASSUMPTIONS
The U. K.'s single largest source of supply is its own indigenous supply from the U. K. Continental Shelf .
Production has been declining for four years , and is expected to continue to decline .
FIGURE 04
The diagram above shows year over year monthly decline rates for U.K. marketable nat gas supplies for the period January 2000 through September 2008 .
Figure 04 shows the decline in natural gas production is something that goes on continuously and is hard to forecast .
As natural gas fields deplete , their decline rates can increase dramatically .
Natural gas decline rates are truly “ The elephant in the room ” .
The figure illustrates why it is difficult to forecast changes in nat gas production which more becomes an art than science .
The simulation which is presented below uses National Grid forecasts of U.K. nat gas supplies for the rest of the winter as most recently documented by Operational Monthly Updates published by National Grid .
Over the modeled period , production averages 190 Mcm/d .
This corresponds to approximately a 10 % decrease over the corresponding period a year ago .
This assumption may prove to be optimistic , because the most recent National Grid update seems to indicate nat gas production during November below this level .
Net nat gas imports as modeled average 108 Mcm/d during the forecast period .
This corresponds to a very slight (< 1 % ) increase in imports over a similar period a year ago .
The modeled amount includes both pipeline and LNG imports .
In the summary at the beginning of this post , I noted that exports from Norway presently are maxed out .
This is the case because nearly all of the production available for export is subject to long term contracts .
SIMULATION RESULTS
In the simplest form , the results of my simulations show how quickly the storage facilities are likely to deplete , given the estimates the National Grid has made with respect to demand and with respect to supply from U. K. production , and estimates I have made with respect to imports .
These indications can be summarized in the graph I showed at the top of the post , and show again as Figure 05 :
FIGURE 05 Expected depletion of U.K. long term ( blue area ) stacked on medium term ( yellow area ) nat gas storage levels based on simulation analysis .
Figure 05 indicates that based on my simulations , medium term storage ( yellow ) is forecast to be emptied by late January , and that long - term storage ( blue ) is forecast to be emptied by mid February .
The amounts shown on Figure 05 are a combination of actual and forecast amounts .
The darker shades represent development to date ; the lighter shades represent the forecast period .
Figure 05 is only a summary exhibit .
To understand better what is happening , it is helpful to view how the parts of the model work together , as illustrated in Figure 06 .
I start with the demand forecast by the National Grid , and fill in the portion underneath it with expected supply from various sources .
During time - periods when the sum of production plus imports is expected to be less than what is required to meet supply , I draw down nat gas from storage .
If there are periods with excess supply , I use the excess to refill storage .
In this way , I simulate how the storage facilities are expected to deplete , and can estimate the extent of the shortfall .
It should be noted that even if Figure 06 shows a gap between demand and supplies , this should not be taken to mean that homeowners or electric power plants will see a nat gas shortfall .
The operator of the grid uses models that identify potential shortfalls , and can minimise the effects by reducing flows to or cutting off low priority customers on interruptible contracts .
If this is not enough to balance the system , additional customers can be cut off according to priority and / or criticality .
FIGURE 06
How demand can be expected to be filled , based on simulation results .
In Figure 06 , the thick dark wavy line shows the forecast average demand ( SND ) by National Grid , and the amount filled in under this line represents the way this demand is expected to be filled from various sources ( indigenous production , imports -- pipelines or LNG , or storage withdrawals ) .
The blue area represents UK's own production ; the red area represents net imports ( pipeline and LNG combined ) ; the grey area represents withdrawals from long - term storage ; and the yellow area withdrawals from medium term storage .
The dotted blue line ( maximum demand ) and the light green line ( minimum demand ) give an estimate of expected day to day variability in demand , reflecting changing weather conditions , based on National Grid forecasts .
If total supply on any day runs higher than demand , the surplus will enter storage .
In making these forecasts , the simulation uses expected U. K. natural gas production , as most recently forecast by National Grid .
In the middle of February , demand is forecast to vary from as much as + 460 Mcm/d ( See also Figure 07 below . ) as suggested by the blue dotted line to as low as 300 Mcm/d , as suggested by the dotted light green line in the diagram , depending primarily on the weather .
On days when demand is at the low end of this range , it may be possible to meet demand with virtually no draw - down from storage , since indigenous supplies plus imports are expected to be close to 300 Mcm/d .
The results from the simulation shows that there could be periods with a gap between supply and demand of + 60 Mcm/d .
During cold spells , the gap could be even larger .
Figure 06 also illustrates that less total natural gas is needed with the approach of spring and warmer weather .
In Germany and USA , there seems to be an understanding that storage facilities should not be completely depleted of working gas at the end of the heating season .
Instead , storage is kept approximately 20 % filled with working gas , to handle late spring cold spells or outages of other types .
For the U.K. , 20 % would translate to 800 Mcm , which corresponds to approximately 4 - 5 full days demand during spring / summer ( from storage only ) .
In the USA , this corresponds to roughly 12 days of demand .
The simulation forecasts a need for additional supplies of approximately 2 300 Mcm between late January till the end of the heating season , assuming that 800 Mcm of natural gas is held in storage for late spring cold spells or other emergencies .
For the simulated period of 18th December 2008 and 31st March 2009 , National Grid forecasts a growth in U.K. nat gas demand of 1,8 % relative to the same period of last winter , when 2008 is adjusted for being a leap year .
( This is the same demand I use in my forecast . )
FIGURE 07 Figure A.21 from National Grid ’s “ Winter Outlook Report 2008/2009 ” , 2nd October 2008 .
Figure 07 above from National Grid suggests daily peak demand during this heating season is projected to reach + 460 Mcm/d , and could be even higher during extreme weather conditions .
The highest recorded so far is approximately 450 Mcm/d .
DEALING WITH A POTENTIAL SHORTFALL
There are several ways a potential shortfall might be met .
First , the evaluations in this post assumes that the end of the heating season allow the U.K. storage facilities to end at a comfortable level of 20 % of present total working gas capacities or around 800 Mcm .
It would be possible to reduce or eliminate this margin .
A second option might be to increase LNG imports .
This is the option assumed in National Grid forecasts , and underlying recent and planned additions to LNG infrastructure .
According to my calculations , if LNG alone were used to offset the shortfall , and additional LNG imports could begin the 20th of December , about 23 Mcm /d would be needed to bring supplies to fulfill modeled demand , and leave 800 Mcm in storage at the end of March .
If imports do not begin until approximately the 20th of January , an additional 33 Mcm /d of LNG would be needed .
The current amount of LNG imported is somewhat less than 10 Mcm/d .
Increasing imports by this amount would amount to roughly tripling or quadrupling the amount of imported LNG , from its current level .
An additional 33 Mcm/d of imports would equate to approximately 7 % of world demand .
The Isle of Grain has recently expanded its LNG import facilities , so that imports of this level are theoretically possible .
News reports indicate that additional supplies are being procured from Qatar , but it is not yet clear how much these new supplies will amount to and when they will start to arrive .
Published reports do not yet show a significant increase in imported LNG .
A third option , if inadequate LNG is available , might be to do some fuel switching with respect to electrical supply .
Natural gas used in electrical supply is expected to reach 100 Mcm/d ( about 28 % of total natural gas consumption ) during early 2009 .
If another fuel could be substituted for portion of this 100 Mcm/d , this would reduce the storage draw - down .
The recent distribution of fuel used for electrical supply is as shown in Figure 08 .
FIGURE 08 U.K. electricity generation by fuel source .
In the winter , coal is the single largest source of electrical power .
Nuclear power has been declining due to plant closures .
Natural gas consumption used for electrical power has been trending up .
Natural gas consumption for U.K. electricity generation grew by 20 % between Q3 2007 and Q3 2008 .
One fuel switching approach would be to replace some of the natural gas generation with oil .
It takes around 0,1 million barrels per day ( Mb/d ) of distillates to substitute for 16 Mcm /d nat gas , so in theory , 0,625 mb/d of oil could substitute for 100 Mcm / d of natural gas , if all nat gas generating facilities are dual fuel and distillate is available .
It is doubtful this much oil generation capability exists , since Figure 08 shows little use of oil in the past several years .
National Grid also seems to question the feasibility of much switching to oil .
Point 24 on page 4 in National Grid ’s “ Winter Outlook Report 2008 / 2009 ” says :
We continue to believe that the switch to distillate would occur based on a gas price signal but there may be practical issues about how much switching would actually take place .
Another option , which would probably be considered unacceptable by most because of climate change issues , would be to import more coal , and use that to substitute for some of the natural gas used in electrical power generation .
Coal fired generation is normally used only for a short period .
If it were used for a little longer , it could permit more natural gas usage for other purposes .
Based on Figure 08 , this approach appears to have been used in early 2006 .
If these options are insufficient , the only remaining option may be to cut off interruptible supplies , or to cut off other low priority supplies .
From Figure 01 ( above ) , it may be deduced that total U.K. industrial nat gas demand runs approximately at 60 - 80 Mcm/d .
Most likely , this would be cut off , before electrical or residential production would be affected .
All of these approaches relate to total exhaustion of available working natural gas in storage over a several month period .
There is also the issue of being able to meet natural gas demand on an individual cold day .
The approach for an individual day would need to be similar .
It is likely that some cut - off of interruptible power supplies would be needed on very cold days .
U.K. NAT GAS PRICES
The price of natural gas in U. K. is important , because it helps determine the amount of imported natural gas available , both as pipeline imports and as LNG imports .
Presently U.K. nat gas is traded at around 60 p / therm ( day ahead ) at NBP .
At this price , it is unlikely that natural gas supplies can differentially be moved to the U. K .
The necessary price to shift supply to the U. K. will change as prices for oil and natural gas change around the world .
Based on prices as they are today , it seems to me that a price in excess of 100 p / therm will be needed to move additional supplies to the U. K .
I talked about this in an earlier post .
In November 2008 , Russian natural gas was trading in Germany at around 110 p/therm ( US $ 16 - 17 / Mcf ) at present exchange rates .
If this reflects nat gas prices at the margin from Continental Europe ( plus transport and administrative costs etc. ) , this suggests that U.K nat gas day ahead prices need to exceed 120 p/ therm this winter to attract any meaningful supplies from Continental Europe .
As I noted earlier , there is little possibility of increasing imports from Norway at any price , because nearly all of the production has been sold , and this winter there is little or none available for purchase .
The situation with LNG is less clear .
Much of this is under long - term contract , and is not available on the spot market .
With oil prices now relatively low , and most countries in recession , it is possible that there will be LNG available for a lower price than would otherwise be the case .
A price higher than 60 p / therm would still seem to be necessary to obtain supplies , however .
One problem in planning for the future is that people assume that the future will be much like the past .
If there was not a huge need for additional sources of natural gas supply in the past , the assumption is that there will also be little need in the future .
One of the issues has to do with human nature and steep discount rates , which Nate Hagens has written much about , as in I am Human , I ’m American and I ’m Addicted to oil .
The article linked to above describes how we weight the present much more than the future when making decisions .
In other words , if people experience cold during the winter , most will not care about the natural gas price at the time of the purchase , but when the bill arrives later in the spring then ....... much may be changed .
BEYOND THIS WINTER
The results from the simulation of the remaining winter U.K. nat gas supply / demand show that there is a possibility that the U.K. storage facilities will become fully depleted by or before the end of this winter .
Next winter is likely to have similar , or even worse , problems .
U.K. indigenous nat gas supplies are forecast to continue their decline .
It is unlikely that any future increase in pipeline imports will fully compensate for these declines .
Two factors :
increased need for refilling of the U.K. nat gas storage facilities and
continued indigenous nat gas declines
are expected to further tighten European nat gas markets in the near future and thus support an upward pressure on U.K. nat gas ( and electricity ) prices .
It is likely that this will also affect the nat gas markets in Continental Europe , inasmuch as less natural gas from the U.K. will become available for export to Continental Europe through the Interconnector .
As Continental Europe ’s production of natural gas declines , their export potential towards UK will steadily weaken .
This will increase demand for supplies to Continental Europe from sources like Norway , Russia , North Africa and LNG to maintain present or growing consumption .
More posts on U.K. nat gas supplies :
Will UK face a nat gas crisis during this winter ( Part 1 of 2 )
Why UK Natural Gas Prices Will Move North of 100p / Therm This Winter
Daddy , will the lights be on at Christmas ?
SOURCES :
[ 1 ] BERR ; ENERGY DATA , tables E T 4.2 , 4.3 , 4.4 , 5.3
[ 2 ] National Grid ; Winter Outlook Report 2008/2009
[ 3 ] National Grid , data from their webpages
[ 4 ] National Grid “ Gas Transportation Ten Year Statement 2008 ” December 2008
For 20 years , I was a newsman .
A damned good one .
I learned the craft from good newsmen who learned it from other good newsmen before me .
No steenkin’ journalism school for me .
I learned to parse cop code by making daily phone calls to the cops to get the police log — and often walked to the cop shop and read it myself when the damned desk sergeant would n’t read it to me .
I learned by paying attention to details .
I listened to what sources said — always more than one , y’know — and wrote it down .
I had a newsroom godfather who taught me well : “ Get it right .
Period . ” I only used anonymous sources three times in 20 years .
One day Editor Bob said he ’d heard somebody was going to build a nuclear plant up river .
“ Find out , ” he said .
I did .
I had to learn how nukes operated in less than two hours before going to the presser for the announcement .
I was the only newsman who asked : “ Will this be a boiling water or pressurized water reactor ? ”
Hell , the PR types did n’t know .
I did .
I knew the in ’s and out ’s of each .
Score one for me .
I learned the beat quickly .
I reported what the utility and the government did n’t want my readers to know .
I wore a button given to me by my news editor : “ Question Authority . ” I found facts — so my readers found out something they needed to know .
I covered the construction of that plant — how it helped and hurt the local economy , whether the utility ’s general contractor was using local union labor or bringing in its own non-union crews , what the impact of the finished plant would be on property - tax rates in a very small town .
I covered the environmental protests over the plant , learning what happens to fish when warm water is discharged into a cool river .
I covered the squabbles over the environmental impact statement and licensing hearings .
Then there was the radiation thing …
I covered boards of selectmen and planning boards and school boards and conservation commissions .
I did zoning appeals meetings , where commercial interests tried quietly to get land use restrictions altered .
Not on my watch : I found out , because my newsroom godfather taught me the law — and showed me the corner of the town - hall bulletin board where the zoning board posted required legal notices in type so small you ’d need a magnifying glass to read ’em .
I found out facts — so my readers found out something they needed to know .
I explained why school budgets ballooned .
I wrote why property taxes were heading up — again and again .
I knew the paper ’s readership area , I knew the readers ’ interests , and I knew all the back channels of local government .
I wrote stories when a town official gave the town ’s winter salt contract to an in - law .
Yep , I was a newsman .
Began with a typewriter , an old LC Smith , Army surplus .
Ended on Hendrix computer terminals with disk drives the size of dinner plates .
Even ran a linotype once .
After 20 years , I had accumulated institutional memory of the news and names of 400 square miles of readership area .
I had an encyclopedic Rolodex of politicians ’ names and numbers , including the bars they drank at ( and in some cases , their lovers ’ home phone numbers ) .
After 20 years , I was barely 40 , and I knew my craft .
I knew the public - service mission : Protect the readers .
Find the facts , and tell readers what they need to know .
But in today ’s Sam Zell universe , I ’d be toast .
I ’d have been bought out years ago or laid off .
I would have become an extraordinary expense in the chase for maximizing shareholder profit .
Me and my costly health - care benefits and Guild salary would have been dropped like a fiscally toxic hot potato .
And out the door I ’d have gone — with that institutional memory , that massive Rolodex , that 20 years of experience of writing more than 10,000 stories and editing three times that and penning 2,000 editorials and columns .
Maybe into PR , like so many have .
Or maybe into attempts to try different venues for news , as a few are doing .
Imagine today ’s me — the experienced journalist in his or her late 40s , or 50s , or 60s .
At the end of the last century , newsrooms were well - stocked with versions of me .
No more .
Newspaper corporations in their unbelievable arrogance ignored the emergence of the Internet as a competitive force .
Newspaper advertisers began switching media allegiances .
The trend of declining ad revenue at newspapers has accelerated , complicated by the current dismal economy .
Look at these third - quarter numbers :
Print ad revenue down 19.26 percent to $ 8.2 billion .
( Down 16.07 percent in Q2 , down 14.38 percent in Q1 )
Online ad revenue down 3 percent to $ 749.8 million .
( Down 2.4 percent in Q2 , up 7.2 percent in Q1 )
Combined is down 18.11 percent to $ 8.94 billion .
( Down 15.11 percent in Q2 , Down 12.85 percent in Q1 )
The modern me — experienced , knowledgeable , presumably unflappable — is a pricey commodity in a business that ’s losing its shirt so badly corporate practitioners are trying to sell off big metro dailies such as E.W. Scripps ’ Rocky Mountain News and McClatchy ’s Miami Herald .
The New York Times Co. wants to mortgage its grand edifice for $ 225 mill to maintain cash flow — and Sam Zell ’s Tribune Co. has filed for Chapter 11 .
He ran its newspapers and their veteran journalistic abilities into the cold , cold ground of indebtedness .
The modern me is unaffordable .
So there are fewer version of the modern me in the nation ’s biggest dailies .
Staffs at the New York Times and Los Angeles Times and other newspapers nationwide have been slashed .
Yeah , yeah , you say .
Heard all this before .
So what ?
Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich , that ’s what .
The weird case of the bamboozling guv illuminates the weak underbelly of American Corporate Journalism .
Writes syndicated columnist Kathleen Parker :
Latest score :
The bums are winning .
And the corrupt politicians are , too .
Thanks to mismanagement and debt , Tribune ’s eviscerated newspapers are riddled with more holes than Al Capone ’s enemies , while Illinois holds the nation ’s highest gubernatorial incarceration rate .
Three of the past eight governors have spent time in jail or prison .
Blagojevich would bring the number to four .
If ever The Chicago Tribune ‘s renowned staff of swashbuckling reporters , cartoonists , editors and columnists ( Mike Royko and Jeff MacNelly , RIP ) were needed — or more sorely missed — it is now .
Not that those still standing do n’t do a heroic job , but they know what I mean .
Staff cuts and shrinking news holes make it hard to keep pace when the enemy is communing with one ’s own generals , as seems to be the case here .
[ emphasis added ]
That ’s why more , not fewer , modern versions of me are needed — to keep the Bums from winning .
Blago ’s a Big Bum , but every newsman and newswoman at a small local weekly or daily know bums like Blago exist everywhere .
That ’s why I ’m still a journalism educator , trying to provide young men and women the education and common sense needed to practice a craft vitally necessary to the conduct of a fully functional and fairly operated democracy .
You know that $ 700 billion bailout of financial institutions overseen by Hammerin ’ Hank Paulson ?
Outside of a simple pie chart I saw on CNN showing a breakdown of who got what , I do n’t know if that dough is really being used effectively , honestly and fairly .
I read there ’s dozens of federal investigations into the financial markets .
How seriously are those look - sees being undertaken by the feds ?
American Corporate Journalism wo n’t and can’t cover these things adequately .
And if you think the majority of blogs you read are well - stocked with veteran , experienced professional journalists who can keep tabs on corporate cheaters and government incompetents at local , regional and national levels , send me some of what you ’re smokin’ .
Some blogs provide useful commentary and analysis .
But it takes well - trained , experienced journalists fully supported by adequate organizational resources to find out stuff readers need to know .
Good journalism is expensive .
Veteran , experienced journalists find out facts — so their readers find out something they need to know .
Sooner or later , the free stuff online will be precisely worth that price – absolutely nothing .
Patriots get 11th victory , knocked out
Recommended Video :
A year after Patriots perfection , New England will be sitting out the playoffs .
A season that began distressingly with quarterback Tom Brady 's injury , concluded just short of a postseason berth despite an 11 - 5 record .
New England 's blustery 13 - 0 victory over the Buffalo Bills at Orchard Park , N.Y. , on Sunday was n't enough to get the Patriots in the playoffs .
Miami won the AFC East later in the day and Baltimore took the only available wild - card spot when it beat Jacksonville .
The Patriots had to settle for a fun day on the field .
The wind was gusting so hard at Ralph Wilson Stadium that when it was blowing at 39 - year - old Junior Seau 's back , the Patriots ' linebacker felt 20 - something again .
" I felt like ( Gary ) Guyton and ( Jerod ) Mayo : I picked up more speed than I could handle , " Seau said , referring to his two younger teammates .
" I felt young , it was really fun . "
The Patriots are the first NFL team with an 11 - 5 record to miss the playoffs since Denver in 1985 .
New England Patriots coach Bill Belichick looks on from the sidelines during the first half of a game against the Buffalo Bills at Ralph Wilson Stadium in Orchard Park , N.Y. , Sunday , Dec. 28 , 2008 .
New England Patriots coach Bill Belichick looks on from the sidelines during the first half of a game against the Buffalo Bills at Ralph Wilson Stadium in Orchard Park , N.Y. , Sunday , Dec. 28 , 2008 .
Photo : David Duprey , AP Photo : David Duprey , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Patriots get 11th victory , knocked out 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
" We can walk out of this locker room with our hats high , " center Dan Koppen said .
LaMont Jordan scored on a 2 - yard run and Stephen Gostkowski hit two of three field - goal attempts .
The conditions were so bad that the goalposts had to be centered three times before game time , and again in the second quarter before Gostkowski missed a 26 - yard attempt .
Another stoppage came in the third quarter , when referee Gene Steratore had his hat blown off and was forced to chase it 20 yards downfield in front of a cheering crowd .
Panthers 33 , Saints 31 : John Kasay 's 42 - yard field goal with a second left locked up the NFC South title and the second seed in the conference for the visiting Panthers .
... Carolina , the only team to go 8 - 0 at home this season , will get a first - round playoff bye and then a chance to extend its perfect record in Charlotte in the divisional round .
...
Kasay hit four of five field - goal attempts .
... Carolina 's DeAngelo Williams rushed for 178 yards to set the franchise single - season record .
His 1,515 yards eclipse Stephen Davis ' 1,444 in 2003 .
Falcons 31 , Rams 27 : Jerious Norwood ran for two touchdowns , including the go - ahead 45 - yard run with 3:41 left , and host Atlanta clinched the No. 5 seed in the NFC .
...
The Falcons overcame three turnovers , including two in the fourth quarter , to give the Rams their 10th straight loss under Jim Haslett .
... Michael Turner had 25 carries for 208 yards and a touchdown to counter Steven Jackson 's 30 carries for 161 yards and two touchdowns for St. Louis .
Ravens 27 , Jaguars 7 : Le'Ron McClain ran for two touchdowns and Baltimore routed visiting Jacksonville to clinch a wild - card spot .
...
It was 24 - 7 at halftime , as the Jaguars committed four turnovers and were held scoreless over the final 45 minutes .
... The Ravens ' Ed Reed had two interceptions .
Texans 31 , Bears 24 : Chicago 's playoff chances ended in Houston .
... Andre Johnson had two touchdowns for the Texans , who finished 8 - 8 for the second straight year .
... Johnson rebounded from the previous Sunday 's two - catch performance against the Raiders with 10 receptions for 148 yards .
It was his eighth 100 - yard game of the season .
Steelers 31 , Browns 0 : Willie Parker 's 34 - yard touchdown run with 4:07 left in the second quarter broke a scoreless tie and was playoff - bound Pittsburgh 's longest run this season .
...
It was n't supposed to end this way for the Browns ( 4 - 12 ) , who had so much hope after they went 10 - 6 in 2007 .
Cardinals 34 , Seahawks 21 : Kurt Warner sent host Arizona into the playoffs as a winner .
...
Warner threw four touchdown passes , his most in seven years , then sat out the fourth quarter as the Cardinals spoiled the final game of Mike Holmgren 's decade as Seahawks coach .
... Holmgren has a 174 - 122 career NFL record , 90 - 80 with Seattle .
Colts 23 , Titans 0 : Peyton Manning hit 4,000 yards for a ninth straight season , three more than Dan Marino 's previous NFL mark , before host Indianapolis yanked its starters .
... Marvin Harrison moved into second place on the all - time receptions list ( 1,102 ) , and Dallas Clark broke John Mackey 's single - season franchise record for most yards receiving by a tight end ( Clark now has 848 ) , a mark that had stood since 1966 .
Bengals 16 , Chiefs 6 : Cedric Benson ran for 111 yards and a touchdown and host Cincinnati completed its late - season surge .
...
The Bengals closed out the season with three straight wins .
Facing a big deficit in money , momentum and troops , John McCain hopes to eke out victory in nine days by winning several states he is now losing and making a case against Barack Obama on taxes , experience and Democratic control of Washington .
Obama , by contrast , is marshaling the most lavishly funded presidential campaign in history , with more than 1.5 million volunteers locking down Democratic states and pushing deep into Republican territory .
His message of change , which has remained consistent since he started running , will stay the same .
In that way , the endgame strategies of the two campaigns have come to resemble the candidates themselves : McCain restless , scrappy and used to fighting from a crouch ; Obama disciplined , deliberate and serenely confident .
Both sides believe the race is not over , but each acknowledges that the Illinois senator has the upper hand , with multiple scenarios to reach the 270 electoral votes needed to win .
He leads in every state he must carry and several that McCain ca n’t afford to lose , including Colorado , Ohio and Virginia .
Advertisement
Worse for McCain , many political analysts believe there is little the Republican can do to change the dynamic of the race .
“ It would take some major external event , probably related to Obama making a humongous mistake or the release of some newfound pertinent information or some major international incident , ” said Matthew Dowd , who managed President Bush ’s 2004 reelection bid and is now a political independent .
“ The plane ’s on autopilot .
Maybe lightning will strike the plane , but there ’s nothing [ McCain ] can do about it . ”
Aides to the Arizona senator reject that notion .
“ What we ’ve seen in many states right now are close races in the key states , and some have been moving closer as the week has moved on , ” said Mike DuHaime , McCain ’s political director .
Privately , however , in their gloomier moments , some McCain aides discuss his return to the Senate and speculate whether his running mate , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , will run for president in 2012 .
The Obama camp has a different problem : trying to stave off overconfidence .
Memories of 2004 -- when Democrat John F. Kerry entered election day leading in several key states -- have a chastening effect .
“ It was n’t too long ago that people thought McCain was on a pathway to sure victory , ” said David Plouffe , Obama ’s campaign chief .
“ As an organization , we do n’t get too high or too low . ”
The presidential race swung the Democrat ’s way over the last month , a period that coincided with the financial meltdown on Wall Street and three presidential debates , all of which Obama won , according to voter surveys .
Advertisement
“ He represents change , but people . . . wanted to be reassured that it was going to be an evolutionary , not a revolutionary , change , ” Democratic Sen .
Evan Bayh of Indiana said in an interview after introducing Obama last week to more than 35,000 people in downtown Indianapolis .
“ I think seeing him , how he ’s responded to the economic crisis , how he ’s handled himself in the debates , they see him as a thoughtful person , a moderate person , a stable person , and that sealed the deal . ”
The fact Obama was campaigning in the autumn chill of Indiana , a state that has not gone Democratic in a presidential race in 44 years , reflects the breadth of opportunity .
His financial edge -- the $ 150 million Obama raised in September alone is nearly double the $ 84 million McCain can spend -- gives Obama the luxury of competing in states he can easily be elected without , such as North Dakota , Montana and West Virginia .
Georgia , where African American turnout is unusually strong in early voting , is the latest state to possibly come into play .
( Both candidates will benefit from tens of millions in spending by their respective political parties . )
Obama outspent McCain on television advertising by more than 2 to 1 in the first half of October , laying out $ 65 million , according to campaign finance reports .
His ads offer a variation on a constant theme , portraying McCain as a clone of Bush , promising tax cuts for 95 % of workers , and touting his plan to expand the availability of healthcare .
Obama plans a half - hour national TV broadcast Wednesday night ; the campaign would not discuss details .
Advertisement
The Obama campaign has also invested heavily in registration and get - out - the - vote efforts tailored to individual states , operating as though the Democrat were a candidate for governor or the U.S. Senate .
The campaign has 770 offices across the country , more than twice the number of McCain , who is piggybacking on local GOP efforts .
Plouffe described the ground operation as Obama ’s “ field goal unit , ” ready to put him over the top if , as both sides expect , the contest tightens in the final days .
“ We ’ve always believed this race will be decided by a handful of points in a number of these battleground states , ” Plouffe said .
To some degree , Obama ’s strategy has been a gamble , wagering that blacks and young people -- two groups with historically low participation rates -- can be motivated to turn out in sufficient number to help offset more reliable Republican voters .
The test will come Nov. 4 , but the evidence so far -- big Democratic advantages in registration and early turnout in key states -- suggests the strategy could pay off .
The McCain campaign has placed much less emphasis on organization and more on the campaign ’s overarching message that the Republican nominee , 72 , has been tested in ways Obama , 47 , has not .
At the same time , however , McCain has been forced to defend Palin ’s qualifications .
Advertisement
McCain plans a three - pronged closing argument , spending more time attacking Obama than selling his own agenda .
He plans to hammer the Democrat ’s economic plan , which would raise taxes on families making more than $ 250,000 a year ; question his readiness , citing Obama running mate Joe Biden ’s comment that a President Obama would surely be tested by an international crisis ; and paint an alarming scenario if Democrats seize the White House and continue to run Congress .
“ The idea of the Democratic Party controlling the entire country frightens people , ” said Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , McCain ’s friend and frequent traveling companion .
The McCain campaign and the Republican National Committee are using TV spots and an automated - phone - call campaign to push the argument that Obama is too callow to be commander in chief .
One ad , which began airing Friday , features bristling military imagery and the voice of Delaware Sen .
Biden speaking at a recent fundraiser , guaranteeing a Cuban - missile - like crisis within months of Obama taking office .
“ It does n’t have to happen .
Vote McCain , ” the ad concludes .
The campaign is also airing an ad in which McCain distances himself from Bush by saying the last eight years have not gone well and promising to do better .
Another criticizes Obama ’s tax policy by using footage of his encounter with the now famous Joe Wurzelbacher , better known as Joe the Plumber .
Advertisement
McCain has taken to bounding on stage to the underdog theme from “ Rocky ” and mentions Wurzelbacher often .
“ Sen . Obama is more interested in controlling who gets your piece of the pie than he is in growing the pie , ” McCain said last week outside Daytona , Fla. , causing a supporter to shout “ Socialist ! ”
Obama responds by saying he can both grow the pie and slice it more equitably , prompting a crowd in Miami to chant , “ We want pie !
We want pie ! ”
McCain ’s uphill slog is reflected in his travel plans for the next few days , when he visits the traditionally Republican states of Ohio , North Carolina , Virginia and Indiana .
His hope is to win everywhere Bush did four years ago , save for a small number of states , and take Pennsylvania away from Obama .
That would narrowly push McCain past 270 electoral votes .
It will be tough .
Massachusetts Sen. Kerry carried Pennsylvania in 2004 by 2 percentage points .
Obama enjoys a big lead in polls and a 1.2 - million - voter registration edge , roughly double the Democratic advantage four years ago .
Advertisement
Still , for all that Obama has going for him , few are ready to say the race is over .
“ This election has been like traveling down Lombard Street , with more twists and turns than anyone can remember , ” said Peter D. Hart , a 40 - year veteran of Democratic politics , referring to the San Francisco landmark .
“ It would be unwise to assume we ’ve reached a straightaway quite yet . ”
--
Mark Z. Barabak reporting from indianapolis ,
Advertisement
Maeve Reston reporting from los angeles
mark.barabak@latimes.com
maeve.reston@latimes.com
Times staff writers Bob Drogin and Dan Morain contributed to this report .
This is chapter 37 of the first edition of Intuitive Biostatistics by Harvey Motulsky .
Copyright © 1995 by Oxford University Press Inc. Chapter 45 of the second edition of Intuitive Biostatistics is an expanded version of this material .
REVIEW OF AVAILABLE STATISTICAL TESTS
This book has discussed many different statistical tests .
To select the right test , ask yourself two questions :
What kind of data have you collected ?
What is your goal ?
Then refer to Table 37.1 .
Type of Data Goal Measurement ( from Gaussian Population ) Rank , Score , or Measurement ( from Non- Gaussian Population ) Binomial
( Two Possible Outcomes ) Survival Time Describe one group Mean , SD Median , interquartile range Proportion Kaplan Meier survival curve Compare one group to a hypothetical value One - sample ttest Wilcoxon test Chi-square
or
Binomial test ** Compare two unpaired groups Unpaired t test Mann - Whitney test Fisher 's test
( chi -square for large samples ) Log-rank test or Mantel - Haenszel *
Compare two paired groups Paired t test Wilcoxon test McNemar 's test Conditional proportional hazards regression *
Compare three or more unmatched groups One - way ANOVA Kruskal - Wallis test Chi-square test Cox proportional hazard regression **
Compare three or more matched groups Repeated - measures ANOVA Friedman test Cochrane Q** Conditional proportional hazards regression **
Quantify association between two variables Pearson correlation Spearman correlation Contingency coefficients **
Predict value from another measured variable Simple linear regression
or
Nonlinear regression Nonparametric regression ** Simple logistic regression *
Cox proportional hazard regression *
Predict value from several measured or binomial variables Multiple linear regression *
or
Multiple nonlinear regression ** Multiple logistic regression *
Cox proportional hazard regression *
REVIEW OF NONPARAMETRIC TESTS
Choosing the right test to compare measurements is a bit tricky , as you must choose between two families of tests : parametric and nonparametric .
Many - statistical test are based upon the assumption that the data are sampled from a Gaussian distribution .
These tests are referred to as parametric tests .
Commonly used parametric tests are listed in the first column of the table and include the t test and analysis of variance .
Tests that do not make assumptions about the population distribution are referred to as nonparametric - tests .
You 've already learned a bit about nonparametric tests in previous chapters .
All commonly used nonparametric tests rank the outcome variable from low to high and then analyze the ranks .
These tests are listed in the second column of the table and include the Wilcoxon , Mann - Whitney test , and Kruskal - Wallis tests .
These tests are also called distribution - free tests .
CHOOSING BETWEEN PARAMETRIC AND NONPARAMETRIC
TESTS : THE EASY CASES
Choosing between parametric and nonparametric tests is sometimes easy .
You should definitely choose a parametric test if you are sure that your data are sampled from a population that follows a Gaussian distribution ( at least approximately ) .
You should definitely select a nonparametric test in three situations :
The outcome is a rank or a score and the population is clearly not Gaussian .
Examples include class ranking of students , the Apgar score for the health of newborn babies ( measured on a scale of 0 to IO and where all scores are integers ) , the visual analogue score for pain ( measured on a continuous scale where 0 is no pain and 10 is unbearable pain ) , and the star scale commonly used by movie and restaurant critics (* is OK , ***** is fantastic ) .
Some values are " off the scale , " that is , too high or too low to measure .
Even if the population is Gaussian , it is impossible to analyze such data with a parametric test since you do n't know all of the values .
Using a nonparametric test with these data is simple .
Assign values too low to measure an arbitrary very low value and assign values too high to measure an arbitrary very high value .
Then perform a nonparametric test .
Since the nonparametric test only knows about the relative ranks of the values , it wo n't matter that you did n't know all the values exactly .
The data ire measurements , and you are sure that the population is not distributed in a Gaussian manner .
If the data are not sampled from a Gaussian distribution , consider whether you can transformed the values to make the distribution become Gaussian .
For example , you might take the logarithm or reciprocal of all values .
There are often biological or chemical reasons ( as well as statistical ones ) for performing a particular transform .
CHOOSING BETWEEN PARAMETRIC AND NONPARAMETRIC
TESTS : THE HARD CASES
It is not always easy to decide whether a sample comes from a Gaussian population .
Consider these points :
If you collect many data points ( over a hundred or so ) , you can look at the distribution of data and it will be fairly obvious whether the distribution is approximately bell shaped .
A formal statistical test ( Kolmogorov - Smirnoff test , not explained in this book ) can be used to test whether the distribution of the data differs significantly from a Gaussian distribution .
With few data points , it is difficult to tell whether the data are Gaussian by inspection , and the formal test has little power to discriminate between Gaussian and non-Gaussian distributions .
You should look at previous data as well .
Remember , what matters is the distribution of the overall population , not the distribution of your sample .
In deciding whether a population is Gaussian , look at all available data , not just data in the current experiment .
Consider the source of scatter .
When the scatter comes from the sum of numerous sources ( with no one source contributing most of the scatter ) , you expect to find a roughly Gaussian distribution .
When in doubt , some people choose a parametric test ( because they are n't sure the Gaussian assumption is violated ) , and others choose a nonparametric test ( because they are n't sure the Gaussian assumption is met ) .
CHOOSING BETWEEN PARAMETRIC AND NONPARAMETRIC
TESTS : DOES IT MATTER ?
Does it matter whether you choose a parametric or nonparametric test ?
The answer depends on sample size .
There are four cases to think about :
Large sample .
What happens when you use a parametric test with data from a nongaussian population ?
The central limit theorem ( discussed in Chapter 5 ) ensures that parametric tests work well with large samples even if the population is non-Gaussian .
In other words , parametric tests are robust to deviations from Gaussian distributions , so long as the samples are large .
The snag is that it is impossible to say how large is large enough , as it depends on the nature of the particular non-Gaussian distribution .
Unless the population distribution is really weird , you are probably safe choosing a parametric test when there are at least two dozen data points in each group .
Large sample .
What happens when you use a nonparametric test with data from a Gaussian population ?
Nonparametric tests work well with large samples from Gaussian populations .
The P values tend to be a bit too large , but the discrepancy is small .
In other words , nonparametric tests are only slightly less powerful than parametric tests with large samples .
Small samples .
What happens when you use a parametric test with data from nongaussian populations ?
You can't rely on the central limit theorem , so the P value may be inaccurate .
Small samples .
When you use a nonparametric test with data from a Gaussian population , the P values tend to be too high .
The nonparametric tests lack statistical power with small samples .
Thus , large data sets present no problems .
It is usually easy to tell if the data come from a Gaussian population , but it does n't really matter because the nonparametric tests are so powerful and the parametric tests are so robust .
Small data sets present a dilemma .
It is difficult to tell if the data come from a Gaussian population , but it matters a lot .
The nonparametric tests are not powerful and the parametric tests are not robust .
ONE - OR TWO - SIDED P VALUE ?
With many tests , you must choose whether you wish to calculate a one - or two - sided P value ( same as one - or two - tailed P value ) .
The difference between one - and two - sided P values was discussed in Chapter 10 .
Let 's review the difference in the context of a t test .
The P value is calculated for the null hypothesis that the two population means are equal , and any discrepancy between the two sample means is due to chance .
If this null hypothesis is true , the one - sided P value is the probability that two sample means would differ as much as was observed ( or further ) in the direction specified by the hypothesis just by chance , even though the means of the overall populations are actually equal .
The two - sided P value also includes the probability that the sample means would differ that much in the opposite direction ( i.e. , the other group has the larger mean ) .
The two - sided P value is twice the one - sided P value .
A one - sided P value is appropriate when you can state with certainty ( and before collecting any data ) that there either will be no difference between the means or that the difference will go in a direction you can specify in advance ( i.e. , you have specified which group will have the larger mean ) .
If you cannot specify the direction of any difference before collecting data , then a two - sided P value is more appropriate .
If in doubt , select a two - sided P value .
If you select a one - sided test , you should do so before collecting any data and you need to state the direction of your experimental hypothesis .
If the data go the other way , you must be willing to attribute that difference ( or association or correlation ) to chance , no matter how striking the data .
If you would be intrigued , even a little , by data that goes in the " wrong " direction , then you should use a two - sided P value .
For reasons discussed in Chapter 10 , I recommend that you always calculate a two - sided P value .
PAIRED OR UNPAIRED TEST ?
When comparing two groups , you need to decide whether to use a paired test .
When comparing three or more groups , the term paired is not apt and the term repeated measures is used instead .
Use an unpaired test to compare groups when the individual values are not paired or matched with one another .
Select a paired or repeated - measures test when values represent repeated measurements on one subject ( before and after an intervention ) or measurements on matched subjects .
The paired or repeated - measures tests are also appropriate for repeated laboratory experiments run at different times , each with its own control .
You should select a paired test when values in one group are more closely correlated with a specific value in the other group than with random values in the other group .
It is only appropriate to select a paired test when the subjects were matched or paired before the data were collected .
You can not base the pairing on the data you are analyzing .
FISHER'S TEST OR THE CHI - SQUARE TEST ?
When analyzing contingency tables with two rows and two columns , you can use either Fisher 's exact test or the chi-square test .
The Fisher 's test is the best choice as it always gives the exact P value .
The chi-square test is simpler to calculate but yields only an approximate P value .
If a computer is doing the calculations , you should choose Fisher 's test unless you prefer the familiarity of the chi-square test .
You should definitely avoid the chi-square test when the numbers in the contingency table are very small ( any number less than about six ) .
When the numbers are larger , the P values reported by the chi-square and Fisher 's test will he very similar .
The chi-square test calculates approximate P values , and the Yates ' continuity correction is designed to make the approximation better .
Without the Yates ' correction , the P values are too low .
However , the correction goes too far , and the resulting P value is too high .
Statisticians give different recommendations regarding Yates ' correction .
With large sample sizes , the Yates ' correction makes little difference .
If you select Fisher 's test , the P value is exact and Yates ' correction is not needed and is not available .
REGRESSION OR CORRELATION ?
Linear regression and correlation are similar and easily confused .
In some situations it makes sense to perform both calculations .
Calculate linear correlation if you measured both X and Y in each subject and wish to quantity how well they are associated .
Select the Pearson ( parametric ) correlation coefficient if you can assume that both X and Y are sampled from Gaussian populations .
Otherwise choose the Spearman nonparametric correlation coefficient .
Do n't calculate the correlation coefficient ( or its confidence interval ) if you manipulated the X variable .
Calculate linear regressions only if one of the variables ( X ) is likely to precede or cause the other variable ( Y ) .
Definitely choose linear regression if you manipulated the X variable .
It makes a big difference which variable is called X and which is called Y , as linear regression calculations are not symmetrical with respect to X and Y .
If you swap the two variables , you will obtain a different regression line .
In contrast , linear correlation calculations are symmetrical with respect to X and Y .
If you swap the labels X and Y , you will still get the same correlation coefficient .
Nirvana Baby
When asked about their favorite Nirvana record , almost everybody , including yours trully , will fermly reply “ Nevermind . ”
Smells Like Teen Spirit , Lithium , Come As You Are etc .
One of the most influencial album of the last 20 years , nonetheless .
Besides it ’s music , Nevermind is also famous for the notorious baby in a swimming pool , chasing a one dollar bill .
Kurt Cobain had a thing for subtle representations of society ’s gaps .
Anyway , I just recently found out that the respective baby ’s name , now almost a grown adult , is Spencer Elder , a 17 year old high school student .
That little snapshot from so long ago , apparently , brought him a lot of fame , as well as an uber ego .
When interviewed about how the Nirvana cover affected his life , Spencer replied : “ it ’s kind of creepy [ to think ] that that many people have seen me naked — I feel like I ’m the world ’s biggest porn star . ”
Yeah , kid , just look at that little pecker .
Recently Spencer returned to the Rose Bowl Aquatic Center in Pasadena , California where the original cover was shot , and made another shot , in the same conditions , only this time he wear shorts !
Elden ’s parents were paid just $ 200 for allowing him to be photographed back in 1991 .
He also did the same thing five years ago , when he recreated the photo back in 2003 .
See the Rolling Stone article from back then .
Anyone else thinks this guy is a bit too cocky ?
I mean he posed ( in nude , tho .
Gotta give him credit . ) for a cover art , that even without his consent or consciousness for that matter , and now he feels like the king pin .
Macaulay Culkin , anyone ?
In fact , the reason why America is the envy of the world is the fact that we are able to look at our resources regardless of how limited and narrow they may be and allowed ourselves to imagine something better .
We challenged ourselves to think up of a world that goes beyond our present limitations .
In other words , we did not focus on the things that bound and limited us .
We did n’t obsess about the seeming scarcity of ideas and resources that seem to always drag us back and hold us down .
Instead of allowing our realities to be simply ang singularly molded by limitations as they existed at a particular point in our history , we chose to bravely look into the future even though people around us were doubtful .
Even though people pointed fingers and insulted the visionaries , they kept pushing .
They kept dreaming .
Regardless of whether they were met by police batons , police dogs , water hoses and all sorts of obstacles , they knew that there was a better future for America .
They knew that there was such a thing as a progressive tomorrow and they bet everything that they had to make that vision happen .
As in the 2000 boom , many tech companies currently provide significant vendor financing to customers .
To put this in plain English :
If you can't afford to buy servers , routers , etc. , Cisco , IBM , et al , might be happy to lend you some .
What happens when customers who borrow money to buy tech products start going out of business or cutting back ?
Two things :
Cisco , IBM , et al , write off the " bad loans . "
More importantly , Cisco , IBM , et al , tighten their lending standards .
Cisco and IBM have plenty of cash , so writing off bad loans is no big deal .
Tightening lending standards , however , will hurt their revenue growth going forward .
How big will the impact be ?
From today 's WSJ article :
Tech - financings will reach $ 88 billion , about 14 % of the total amount spent on computer hardware and software this year , estimates research firm IDC ...
Lenders are responding by tightening their tech - financing terms .
While some businesses were once able to get loans for software that required no money down or had 0 % interest , some tech - financing operations are now offering rates to small businesses of around 8.25 % , according to lenders .
Nearly 20 % of chief information officers say unfavorable credit terms caused them to recently delay or cancel purchases , according to 31 companies surveyed in October by the CIO Executive Council , a professional organization ...
As for Cisco and IBM specifically :
Underwriting customer purchases " gives us a competitive advantage , " Mark Loughridge , IBM 's chief financial officer , said during a call with analysts on Oct. 16 .
IBM 's financing unit had $ 24.5 billion in loans outstanding at the end of 2007 .
Still , IBM has seen its default rate rise from 1.1 % in the June quarter to 1.3 % in the September quarter .
A spokesman says IBM is able to sell repossessed equipment at a higher price than other lenders because it can refurbish and warranty it .
Cisco also uses its own cash reserves to drive sales .
The networking giant financed more than $ 4 billion in customers ' purchases , or about 10 % of sales , in its fiscal year ending July 26 .
That 's up from $ 2.7 billion the previous year .
Oracle tapped its reserves to finance $ 1.1 billion , or about 15 % , of new software sales in the year ended May 31 , up from $ 891 million the previous year .
Collecting on these loans when the economy sours can be a problem .
Cisco was forced to set aside almost $ 900 million for bad loans in 2001 after lending to dozens of telecommunication and Internet start - ups during the dot - com bubble .
Again , the risk here really is n't the bad loans -- these companies have plenty of cash .
It 's the growth rate .
As tech companies clamp down on financing , sales will slow .
The portion of financing that comes directly from tech vendors , moreover , is only a small portion of the overall tech spending that is financed :
As third - party equity and debt investors pull in their horns , tech companies will feel that impact , too .
Counting Linux users is no easy task since there is typically no requirement for users to register their installations .
Yet Linux distributions do try and count users in an attempt to quantify their user base and relative footprint in the operating systems space .
Red Hat 's Fedora community Linux distribution has now tallied its user base , and it's a number that on the surface would make it the largest installed base of any Linux distribution , with at least 9.5 million users and possibly as many as 10.5 million .
Fedora competitor Ubuntu Linux currently claims to have 8 million users .
" The total number of users has always been an incredibly difficult number to measure , " Paul Frields , Fedora 's project leader , told InternetNews.com .
" If you total up all the unique IP 's ... on Fedora 7 , 8 and 9 , it adds up to about 9.5 million boxes right now . "
The Fedora figures come out as the major players in Linux continue jockeying for position as the dominant vendor in the space , while also competing to make inroads against proprietary software .
The news also comes as Frields and his team and ramping up to deliver their next release , Fedora 10 , which is slated for Nov. 25th .
Frields noted , however , that Fedora 's methodology may not tell the whole story .
Since the Fedora Core 6 release , the project has counted usage based on the number of unique IP addresses that check Fedora for updates .
Coldplay Responds to Joe Satriani Lawsuit
In a statement released on Tuesday , Coldplay fired back against accusations that their hit song Viva La Vida was copied from thesong If I Could Fly .
The band put out the following message through their rep : " If there are any similarities between our two pieces of music , they are entirely coincidental , and just as surprising to us as to him .
Joe Satriani is a great musician , but he did not write the song Viva La Vida .
We respectfully ask him to accept our assurances of this and wish him well with all future endeavors . "
Satriani filed a copyright infringement lawsuit last week in Los Angeles claiming that Coldplay 's Grammy - nominated song contains " substantial , original portions " of his 2004 piece .
Check out the comparison of the two songs here and decide for yourself .
Joe is pictured below , as is Chris Martin of Coldplay .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Barack Obama , on the fact that Dick Cheney has come out for John McCain :
“ With John McCain you get a twofer : George Bush ’s economic policy and Dick Cheney ’s foreign policy . ”
Oh snap , as they say .
For an organization that describes itself as " a not - for - profit public - benefit corporation with participants from all over the world dedicated to keeping the Internet secure , stable and interoperable . "
ICANN sure seems willing to make decisions that go against the wishes of the corporations and governments it serves .
Yesterday was the last day for anyone to submit comments on the organization 's plan to launch 200 - 800 new domain name extensions next year , yet there 's no sign that ICANN has actually paid meaningful attention to the vehemently negative reactions of numerous companies .
Currently , there are just a handful of generic Top Level Domains ( gTLDs ) , including well - known extensions like .com , .net , .org , and .biz .
ICANN 's new plan would expand the number of potential gTLDs by several orders of magnitude , and would allow for extensions 3 - 63 characters long .
Allowed extensions would include pretty much anything a company might want —
Ars Technica , for example , could conceivably register *.ars , *.arstechnica , or *.arstech .
ICANN claims that this new system would offer domain name holders vastly improved choices and allow for more diversity in domain names , particularly for non-English - speaking countries .
In and of themselves , these are worthy goals , but arbitrarily redefining the meaning of gTLDs seems a poor way to achieve them , particularly when said redefinition wrecks the current system so thoroughly .
The current gTLD system is meant to function as a neutral framework where domains are organized by category and purpose .
The system is far from perfect , but the basic organizational structure is reasonably intuitive .
Once a first - time Internet user understands the meaning and prevalence of .com , he or she can readily predict other website addresses with a fair degree of accuracy .
Where 's Walmart ?
Try Walmart.com .
Heard of a store called Amazon ?
Try Amazon.com .
One of the primary flaws of the new system is that it replaces a simple ( if imperfect ) system with something incredibly complex .
Is Walmart a .com or a .
Wally ?
If JohnDoe.[ insertdomainnamehere ] launches next year and becomes the killer website of 2009 , where do I find it ?
" Use a search engine , moron , " is , in one sense , a valid answer to that question , but predictive structures are generally considered to be good things , not bad .
There 's a reason we prefer to organize our personal book collections by alphabetical order according to author rather than the Dewey Decimal system .
You might think that major companies and organizations would be jumping up and down at the chance to own their very own domains , but the response thus far has been anything but positive .
Having spent the last seven to ten years building web portals around the original list of gTLDs , most large businesses are distinctly unenthusiastic about having to start that process over .
The fact that ICANN is selling off virtually any character string , meanwhile , does n't just crack the door to fraud , it opens the flood gates , hangs out a " Welcome " sign , and offers free beer .
A number of companies have opted to purchase domain names close to their own , either to prevent typo squatters from making money off an accidental key press or to capture visitors who miss the name of the site in a plausible way .
Yahooo.com redirects to Yahoo , Google.biz , .net , or .info all redirect to Google.com , and www.newyorktimes.com drops the errant reader off at www.nytimes.com.
This type of investment in alternate domain names makes good business sense , particularly if the incorrect domain name is a logical guess at what the real domain might be , as is the case with www.newyorktimes.com.
ICANN's new gTLD structure would make it nearly impossible for companies to recapture / safeguard users in the same fashion without buying a great many additional domains .
If you 're the New York Times , that means registering .nyt , .nytimes , and .newyorktimes , at the very least .
The potential for gTLD domain abuse is enormous , especially given the potency of certain , previously disallowed , domains .
ICANN claims it will only allow companies and individuals who can validly demonstrate why they should have a certain domain to register it , but that 's a laughable statement given the number of corrupt registrars who do n't perform due diligence .
ICANN explicitly states that it " does n't control content on the Internet " and " cannot stop spam . "
How , then , does it propose to regulate registration and protect the rights of trademark holders ?
If you 're wondering how a proposal this fundamentally stupid managed to unanimously pass at ICANN , there 's a one - word explanation : Money .
Applying for a new domain will cost an estimated $ 185,000 , with an additional $ 75,000 a year fee to keep the domain registered in the DNS root zone .
At those prices , those 800 potential gTLDs are worth $ 148 million in applicant fees and $ 60 million in yearly " rent . "
There 's an extraordinarily huge conflict of interest here .
If all 800 domains sell , or if the intial 200 sell well , can anyone see ICANN not doing this again ?
The process is ( or , at least could be ) a license to print money : authorize the creation of new gTLDs that companies then feel they have no choice but to buy , pocket the cash , and go home happy .
Problem is , virtually no one but ICANN and a few registrars think this is a good idea .
Hopefully the organization listens to the comments that have poured in from every side and will leave well enough alone .
What can a painting do ?
Try this .
Here 's the Rev Jeremiah Wright , in Trinity United Church of Christ , Chicago , 20 years ago .
He 's preaching about a picture .
It 's an image of a woman , who 's sitting on the world , bent over , blindfolded , holding up a harp – " bruised and bloodied , dressed in tattered rags , the harp reduced to a single frayed string ... and yet consider once again the painting before us .
Hope !
That harpist is looking upwards , a few faint notes floating upwards towards the heavens .
She dares to hope .
She has the audacity ... to make music ... and praise God ... on the one string ... she has left ! "
The painting , as you may recognise from this slightly inaccurate description , is Hope by GF Watts .
And the account comes from Barack Obama 's memoir , Dreams From My Father , where this particular sermon is recalled as a turning point in the President - elect 's life .
It 's not often that an art review can claim such a timely link .
It 's not often that an artwork can boast this kind of political effect .
So maybe Watts himself will benefit from this testimonial from the most popular man on the planet .
Nowadays , he 's a painter who could do with all the help he can get .
George Frederic Watts , 1817 - 1904 , is one of those unfathomable Victorian giants .
He was " England 's Michelangelo " .
He was an artist - prophet , whose subject can fairly be summarised as Life , the Universe and Everything .
His motto was " The Utmost for the Highest " .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
He was impossibly high - minded , unbelievably admired – and then , after his death , quickly a laughing stock and forgotten .
Hope is the one that got away , the Watts image that has entered wide circulation .
The rest of his work is in limbo .
His pre-Raphaelite contemporaries have kept up a keen public following , but if you 're interested in Watts , you 're probably an art historian .
If you are , and in London , there 's plenty to see .
The National Portrait Gallery has his Hall of Fame , a series of whiskered portraits of fellow great Victorians , inspirational in purpose .
Tate Britain has some of his most ambitious metaphysical images – She Shall Be Called Woman , The All - Pervading , The Dweller in the Innermost , a version of Hope – which it displays quite often .
And in Kensington Gardens , there 's the monstrous equestrian statue Physical Energy .
And now there 's more .
The Watts Gallery in Surrey is closed for improvements , and a big choice of its collection is being shown in the Guildhall Art Gallery and ( from December ) in St Paul 's Cathedral .
Another version of Hope is among them , and a broad view of his career is available .
It looks like Watts 's moment .
To grasp the audacity of Watts , though , and the absurdity of Watts , you need to be selective .
Do n't linger on his early career – sensitive portraits , rhetorical scenes from history .
The important work begins around 1870 , when , fired by Greek sculpture and Michelangelo , and Titian too , he embarked on a symbolic , mystical art that would awaken his viewers to the highest ( a rather indefinable Watts watchword ) .
He planned The House of Life , a mural sequence that would lay out his full world vision .
His artistic allegiances were traditional , but his project was a distinctively megalomaniac modernist dream : art , the new religion .
Watts wanted to create a mythology .
He drew on both Christian and Classical sources , and on the newly fashionable psychical research , but his goal was a universal super - mythology , transcending creeds , a pantheon of very general archetypes .
Sometimes , as in Hope , there 's a specific allegory to be decoded and moralised , but that 's not where a picture stops .
Watts sought the widest suggestiveness .
He believed in a pictorial language that was non-literary and non-naturalistic .
He said he was painting not reality , but sensations – or again , thoughts .
He was dealing not with meanings but with forces , to be transmitted directly from the painting to the viewer 's mind .
It is not quite abstraction .
Watts never abandons imagery .
But he pursued something that many modern abstract painters also pursued : an art that would convey states of mind and states of being , and operate subliminally , beneath the level of conscious response .
His images are giving form to the motions of spirit .
It 's an art of elemental gestures and energies : bursting , rising , unfolding , enfolding , falling , being bent , twisted , crushed .
What 's striking is how near , in some works , Watts gets to speaking this language pure .
There 's a painting from the 1870s called Chaos , or occasionally Cosmos .
It 's a panoramic landscape , peopled with titans that are half - blended into the earth , and the scene is in a process of convulsive unfolding from the formless to the formed .
If it looks familiar , it 's because in this scene Watts is inventing our now standard idea of the primeval terrain ( though we'd have dinosaurs , not giants ) .
But Chaos needs only a small retuning to become an imageless painting of the idea , the feeling , of striving evolution .
It was to hang at the threshold of The House of Life .
It 's the same way with the divine radiant sunbursts that dominate After the Deluge and Progress , or the general upward soaringness of She Shall Be Called Woman ( in Tate Britain ) .
The Sower of Systems , painted at the very end of his life , goes the furthest reach – a picture of some kind of striding creator - God , dissolving into a turbulent stirring of streaks of light and dark .
But it 's doubtful whether these pictures could completely dispense with their vague and minimal imagery .
They need something to focus the visual gesture , to indicate that they 're about matters of the highest importance .
But goodness knows , this is an art that needs to dispense with something .
For the obvious thing about Watts 's most ambitious work is that it's a catastrophe , ruined by self - inflicted confusions .
Looking at these pictures , it 's often possible to believe that he 's the worst painter in the world .
Whatever he does ends up in a coagulated sticky murk and blur , in which the potential force of his grand gestures are bogged down and disabled – and worse , the murk and blur look like desperate evasion , a vagueness used to disguise the fact that Watts 's painting of bodies is helplessly weak .
Yet he will keep on doing anatomy , and doing it clearly enough to make its incompetence plain .
He does n't have the nerve to do full - on glimmering spooky gaseousness , except in a landscape like Sunset on the Alps .
And what can you say for a vision like Progress , with its rider advancing out of a sun ?
How did Watts manage to do the horse so that it looks like a horse 's head attached to a duvet – did n't he want it to be too realistic ?
How did he bring himself to do a blazing solar disc and then destroy its colour - power with a smeared patina of brown all over – he thought it looked " old masterly " ?
He 's a fatally divided painter .
He throws in everything , just in case .
And it becomes a fascinating spectacle in itself , looking at this artist who wants to get through to something huge , to take art beyond what art can imaginably do , and just does n't know how to do it .
As he knew .
Watts 's greatest work is n't a painting at all , it 's a paragraph in which he faces up to this impossibility .
" My attempts at giving utterance and form to my ideas are like the child 's design , who being asked by his little sister to draw God , made a great number of circular scribbles , and putting his paper on a soft surface , struck his pencil through the centre , making a great void .
This is utterly absurd as a picture , but there is a greater idea in it than in Michelangelo 's old man with a white beard . "
Absurd in 1900 , yes – but pointing again straight into the future of 20th - century art .
The prophet prophesied .
GF Watts : Victorian Visionary , Guildhall Art Gallery , London EC2 ( for information , follow Arts & Culture link from www.cityoflondon.gov.uk/corporation , or call 020-7332 3700 ) , to 26 April ; GF Watts : Parables in Paint , St Paul 's Cathedral , London EC4 ( 01483 810 235 ; www.wattsgallery.org.uk/exhib_parablesinpaint.html ) , 1 December to 30 July
I certainly was n't expecting that !
As I 've had a job for a long time , I know what it 's like being the new guy .
Well , this was completely cool .
The voices and animation were great .
It 's a bit too long , but still a lot of fun .
I just love seeing robots blow stuff up .
The style was so unique .
Anyone can associate with office humor .
We also all like robot fights .
I like dinosaurs too .
( CNN ) --
It arrived in Rich Stevens ' mailbox a few weeks ago : the notice that Citibank had " rate - jacked " the Visa cards belonging to him and his wife .
Some credit card holders have seen their interest rates go up dramatically , a practice called " rate - jacking . "
" In my case , from 9.5 percent to 16.99 , " the 54 - year - old nurse from the Long Island hamlet of Merrick , New York , told CNN .
And his wife 's rate zoomed from 7.95 percent to 16.99 percent , he said .
Stevens said he did not know why the rates had soared ; his credit rating is great .
But , like thousands of other credit card customers around the nation , he has been notified his rate is skyrocketing .
" It almost borders on loan - sharking , from my perspective , " he said .
In the blogosphere , writers are livid at the instant rate hikes -- called " rate - jacking . "
Citigroup seems to be the target of most bloggers ' venom -- partly because Citigroup issues so many credit cards and partly because Citi began sending the notices at about the same time it was getting a $ 20 billion , taxpayer - financed government bailout .
No one at Citigroup would talk on camera to CNN about the matter .
Instead , the company issued a written statement , which said : " To continue funding in this difficult credit and funding environment , Citi is repricing a group of customers . "
Citi told CNN that anyone unhappy with the new rates can opt out and continue paying the lower interest , but they must close their account when their card expires .
It 's all in the fine print .
Rep. Carolyn Maloney , D - New York , said she is sick of the fine print .
She agreed that credit card companies get away with whatever they want , as long at they put their desires into the fine print .
" They have this provision that says they can raise the rate -- any time , any reason , " she said .
In September , Maloney got the House to pass by an overwhelming margin of 200 votes the " credit card holders ' bill of rights , " which would have stopped rate - jacking and the imposition of other fees by banks .
But the bill has languished in the Senate since September .
" There 's a lot of pushback from the financial industry , " she said .
Watch how card companies are trying to woo customers »
Critics say that pushback is linked to donations from the banking industry to the politicians responsible for regulating credit cards .
The chairman of the Senate Banking Committee is Christopher Dodd .
His staff said the Connecticut Democrat has his own credit card bill containing tough language to stop things like rate - jacking and shortening of billing cycles -- two issues that anger consumers .
But even Dodd 's own bill has failed to gain traction -- it has sat since July .
Dodd himself received more than $ 4 million from the financial sector during the last campaign , according to campaign records .
His office did not respond to CNN 's questions about that .
It did say that he has tried repeatedly to protect consumers , but added , " legislation has been met with stiff opposition by the credit card industry . "
On Thursday , the Federal Reserve is expected to vote on its own new rules regarding credit cards , rules in the works for four years that could clamp down on rate - jacking .
Whatever is passed , Maloney said , probably would not take effect until 2010 .
All About Christopher Dodd • Citigroup Inc. • Credit Card Debt • U.S. Senate
Down in Antarctica , November marks the end of spring , the beginning of austral summer , and the beginning of Antarctica 's cruise season .
The Sun just rose for the first time in 6 months on September 22nd , and is now visible in the sky all the time .
Recent studies in Antarctica have brought new insights into the origins of deep sea octopus species ( a 30 million - year - old ancestor from Antarctic waters ) , volcanic contributions to disappearing antarctic ice , and the effects of increasing numbers of icebergs scouring the seafloor .
Collected here are 32 photographs of Antarctica from the past several years .
( 32 photos total
In 2000 , when we were discussing vice - presidential choices with Al Gore , my partner Tad Devine conceded that Joe Lieberman would be an immediate hit ; but he believed Lieberman would prove a long - term bust .
He told Gore : “ What you need is Mr. October , not Mr. August . ”
Barack Obama got both when he picked Sen. Joe Biden .
The Delaware Democrat immediately demonstrated that he was a happy warrior who could take the fight to McCain , stand up for Obama and connect with blue - collar voters and Catholics .
Yet by late October , the conventional wisdom strangely had turned , devaluing Biden ’s role and his appeal , and reporting that the supposedly gaffe - prone candidate had been hidden away after stating that Obama would be “ tested ” by a foreign crisis in his first few months in office .
Reporters have focused far more attention on Joe the Plumber than on Joe the Veep , Joe the Validator , Joe the Defender , Joe the Political Partner .
McCain , who probably should n’t mention V.P. picks outside a confessional , scoffed at Biden last weekend as “ the gift that keeps on giving ” — despite the fact that Biden has helped deliver constituents and states and , hours from now , will help deliver the Presidency itself to Barack Obama .
Standing behind McCain on the stage as he spoke , a sour - looking Cindy McCain did n’t even crack a smile .
I suspect she knows the reality — of the race and of the value of the respective running mates .
A reality check is overdue .
I confess I take the matter somewhat personally : I was there watching as , first Joe Lieberman and then John Edwards failed to help , and probably even hurt , Democrats in two agonizingly close battles .
In the 2000 vice presidential debate , I ’ll never forget Democratic strategist Carter Eskew , one of Al Gore ’s oldest friends , calling me repeatedly and plaintively saying , “ Oh God , Oh God ” as Lieberman barely spoke up for Gore and blithely laid down before Cheney .
That single encounter transformed Cheney from the least popular of the four nominees to the most popular overnight .
Biden , in contrast , was relentlessly strategic in his vice presidential debate .
He debated McCain , ignoring the ill - informed Palin , and defended Obama , not himself .
When the post - debate surveys came in , Biden had swept every one of them .
Biden has been a powerful advocate on the campaign trail and he has done it with a kind of Irish panache , joyously informing a weekend rally of the “ great ” news that “ just today , Vice - President Cheney came out and endorsed John McCain . ”
He ’s pushed back against every GOP distortion .
He ’s left his audiences whooping and wishing for more as he ’s held his stump speech to a disciplined 15 minutes .
While Palin was making a messy national spectacle of herself , Biden conducted more than 200 interviews with local reporters — generally a better investment for V.P. candidates , who invariably have trouble cracking the national media but can leave a big footprint state by state .
Palin undoubtedly would have created another batch of lurid headlines had she attempted such a feat .
There ’s another difference .
Palin delivers a base that has nowhere else to go .
Biden widens the Democratic ticket ’s base .
His popularity with Catholics , seniors and blue collars is likely to help deliver Pennsylvania .
The state has been touted as McCain ’s last ( far - fetched , in my view ) hope .
But Biden is from Scranton and he ’s a Pennsylvania kind of guy .
Indeed the Obama operation has largely left Pennsylvania campaigning to Biden , enabling the Presidential nominee to nail down votes elsewhere .
And across the border , in Ohio , data show that Biden makes moderates more likely to vote for Obama , while Palin pushes them away from McCain .
In the last days of the 2008 contest , the cable airwaves , the Internet , and to a lesser extent the print press have been filled with implausible scenarios for a McCain comeback — or in the alternative , recurring speculation about what Palin will do next .
Drawing far less notice is what Joe Biden has done — which is to help elect the next President .
In July , only 15 percent of respondents said the vice - presidential choices would influence their vote .
Today , according to the CBS / New York Times poll , 32 percent say that the two V.P. choices have influenced them .
The verdict ?
While 59 percent say Palin is n’t up to the job , 74 percent think Biden is .
On Wednesday morning , I believe Mr. October will become Mr. Vice President - elect .
And he ’ll be one of the reasons Barack Obama is soon called “ Mr. President . ”
It has n’t been the flashiest , most riveting story line — how could anyone compete with the train wreck of Sarah Palin ?
But after watching his performance these past two months , I sure wish we ’d had Joe Biden as a running mate in 2000 or 2004 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A $ 14bn ( £ 9.4 bn ) bail - out deal for the US car industry has failed to get Senate support , raising fears of job cuts and a possible industry collapse .
Bipartisan talks on the rescue plan collapsed over Republican demands that the United Auto Workers ( UAW ) union agree to swift wage cuts .
The White House said the plan was American carmakers ' " best chance to avoid a disorderly bankruptcy " .
Shares fell sharply around the world on the news .
Japan 's Nikkei share index fell 484.68 points , or 5.6 % , to 8253.87 , with carmakers among the hardest hit .
Shares in Toyota , Honda and Nissan all fell by at least 10 % .
HAVE YOUR SAY
The three US auto companies need to be seriously restructured in order to survive .
Chris , UK German , French and UK stocks all opened lower on the news , with the FTSE - 100 index of leading shares down 176.3 points at 4,211 at midday .
Some Democrats have now called on President Bush to use some of the $ 700bn bail - out earmarked for Wall Street to help the car industry .
Tense and emotional
The Republicans left the closed - door meetings after the UAW union refused to cut wages next year to bring them into line with their Japanese counterparts .
UAW 's current contract with the car makers expires in 2011 .
I dread looking at Wall Street tomorrow - it's not going to be a pleasant sight
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid
Q&A : Auto bail - out " We were about three words away from a deal , " said Republican Sen Bob Corker .
" We solved everything substantively and about three words keep us from reaching a conclusion . "
Alan Reuther , the UAW 's legislative director , declined to comment to reporters as he left a meeting room during the negotiations , according to the Associated Press .
The BBC's Andy Gallacher in Washington says it was always going to be a battle to get the US Senate to approve the $ 14bn bridging loan .
With a majority of just one in the Senate , the Democrats needed some Republicans to back the bill as some in their own party were expected to vote against it .
The atmosphere in the Senate was tense and at times emotional , our correspondent says , as the Democrats made last - minute pleas to get their Republican counterparts to vote in favour of helping America 's biggest car domestic makers , Ford , Chrysler and General Motors .
Millions affected
The three companies employ 250,000 people directly and the failure of the bail - out raises the prospect of huge job losses .
The Senate majority leader , Harry Reid , said he was " terribly disappointed " when it became clear the vote had collapsed , calling it " a loss for the country " .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme " Millions of Americans , not only the auto workers but people who sell cars , car dealerships , people who work on cars are going to be directly impacted and affected . "
White House spokesman Tony Fratto said the government would evaluate its options in light of the collapse of the negotiations , but did not elaborate .
" We think the legislation we negotiated provided an opportunity to use funds already appropriated for automakers and presented the best chance to avoid a disorderly bankruptcy while ensuring taxpayer funds only go to firms whose stakeholders were prepared to make difficult decisions to become viable , " he said .
Some Democrat politicians have called on President Bush to use some of the $ 700 bn bail - out for Wall Street to help the car industry .
Help needed
The deal would have given the Big Three carmakers access to emergency funding to help them cope with the sharp downturn in sales because of the global financial crisis .
General Motors and Chrysler have said they risk ruin without immediate aid .
Ford says it may need funds in the future .
The bosses of the three firms had previously asked for $ 34bn from Congress .
They have all seen sales fall sharply this year in the US , partly reflecting an industry - wide fall , and partly because their large gas - guzzling vehicles are no longer what customers want .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
End Presidential Pardons and Clemency
End Presidential Pardons and Clemency
An Amendment - The president shall not have the right to
grant pardons or clemency .
Michael Collins
" Scoop " Independent News
( Wash .
DC )
The prospect of the criminal in chief , George W. Bush , issuing pardons to his co-conspirators is repugnant to all citizens who 've paid any degree of attention over the last eight years .
He neglected his duty prior to 911 resulting in a devastating attack on the nation .
He started an illegal war based on lies that caused injury and death to tens of thousands of U.S. soldiers and the deaths of over 1.2 million Iraqi civilians .
He ordered the illegal wire tapping of citizens , a clear violation of law .
He stopped scientific research causing the suffering unto death of those with illness and injury that could have been healed during his term .
The list goes on .
Bush ruled like a tyrant with the wisdom of an adolescent sociopath .
Right now this man who should have been impeached and subsequently jailed for his crimes is planning last minute pardons and acts of clemency for his friends , co-conspirators , and others who meet his deviant criteria for release from legal obligations .
Highly motivated citizens and legislators are seeking legal precedents and rationales to stop Bush from pardoning his collaborators .
Hopefully , their efforts , one of which is impeachment , will meet with success .
Allowing those who attacked the people to walk away free after the death , destruction and ruin they 've caused will deny meaning to any efforts aimed at true reform .
The problem of presidential pardons goes well beyond George W. Bush 's ability to issue them .
The absolute right of presidents to pardon any crime is archaic , arbitrary , and offensive to those who value human dignity , rationality , and the rule of law .
Pardons and Clemency Emerged from Tyranny and the " Divine Right " to Rule
Roman emperor Nero ( left ) " fiddled while Rome burned " and executed his relatives .
As emperor , Caligula ( right ) showed his contempt for Rome by torturing citizens and appointing a horse to the Senate
Rome formalized the shift from a republic to an imperial state when Julius Caesar was elevated above all by the Senate .
This allowed him to accumulate vastly expanded powers even though he was a " first among equals . "
The fiction of the Roman Republic remained but Julius Caesar and those who followed had extraordinary authority over policy and state action .
The emperor even had the power to arbitrarily overrule the decisions of tribunes of the people and magistrates .
While Rome claimed to bring civilization to those it subdued , it was ultimately a lawless state given the powers usurped by the emperors .
No citizen was safe if he or she offended the first among equals .
No decision by the people meant anything if the emperor 's needs got in the way .
Roman dictatorship was replaced in Europe by hereditary royalty ( with the exception of the Republic of Venice ) .
During the middle ages , these rulers by accident of birth and raw power generated the notion of the " divine right " of monarchs .
Subjects were to believe that God flawlessly conferred the right of kings to rule .
With the divine franchise , monarchs were able to determine who was arrested , tried , and convicted whenever it suited them .
They were the state .
These rulers had the absolute right to say who was and was not tortured and executed .
There was some resistance to the notion of " the divine right . "
Shakespeare echoed this in Richard the III when the Duke of Lancaster comments on Richard 's crimes :
" That England that was wont to conquer others
Hath made a shameful conquest of itself " ( 2.1.65 - 66 )
The first English Civil War represented a full break with the assertion of divinely conferred rule .
The conflict pitted the English middle class against the self - absorbed monarch , William I and his supporters .
The army fighting the king was one of the first in history to openly debate policy and political structure in the midst of war .
" Agitator " John Wildman ( left ) , the son of a butcher , drafted the " Agreement of the People . "
The original transcripts of the debate ( center ) and agitator and trooper Edward Sexby ( right ) who , with Wildman , led the debate in behalf of radical democracy ..
The Putney Debates involved Oliver Cromwell on one side and the Levelers faction of the army on the other .
The army proposed a new government based on a universal male franchise , strict proportional representation , and punishment for King William I for his crimes .
They also specified the equality of citizens before the law , without exception :
" That in all laws made or to be made , every person may be bound alike ; and that no tenure , estate , charter , degree , birth , or place do confer any exemption from the ordinary course of legal proceedings whereunto others are subjected . "
" An agreement of the people , " Oct. , 24 , 1647
Cromwell prevailed against radical democracy .
But the ideas did n't die .
The American Revolutionary War was inspired in part by the political descendants of the Levelers .
The outcome was compromised , to a degree , by the retention of the artifact of divine rule -- the absolute right to pardon criminals of all sorts .
As a result of the recent collapse of legislative balance against tyranny and cloaked as executive prerogative ( much like the Romans suffered ) , we have a deviant leader with the power to negate what 's left of our most important laws with the stroke of a pen .
Bush negated legislation he disliked by issuing " singing statements " indicating his intent to ignore laws he did n't care for .
He will soon negate the history of his crimes by pardoning those who collaborated in the nations " conquest of itself " thus voiding any remainder of individual and collective protections .
Bush should be denied this power .
But the issue is n't confined to Bush .
It 's about the ability of each citizen to expect equal treatment by the law and for all citizens to know in no uncertain terms that no one is above the law .
Election to the presidency is not elevation to a divine status .
It should not be taken as a right to unilaterally declare war , torture , lie , and steal nor should it turn into a right to allow others to do the same without impunity .
The constitution should be amended to end this arbitrary and offensive practice now and forever :
An Amendment to the Constitution of the United States
The president shall not have the right to grant pardons or clemency .
END
This article may be reprinted in part of whole with attribution of authorship and a link to this article .
© Scoop Media
A while back during a pentest my buddy Steve came up with a cool idea for doing Nmap scans while a client is expected to be observing logs ( thus possibly leading to us getting blocked by IP ) .
Take a few IPs from the DShield list ( or any major blacklist , really ) and use them as input to Nmap ’s “ decoy scan ” feature .
This feature allows you to provide additional addresses using the - D switch , and makes it look to the defender like those other addresses are scanning them as well .
What happens in a high percentage of cases is that once an analyst does a few lookups and sees that the source IPs are on a major blacklist , they write off any additional port scans that may be going on at that moment as noise . ::
[ Hat tip to Steve C. for the idea . ]
Links
[ Nmap | nmap.org ]
[ My Nmap Tutorial | danielmiessler.com ]
Er zijn genoeg mensen in de wereld die dure horloges verzamelen .
Vooral de rijken in de wereld ...
Oh , Wait —
It ’s Columbus Day , is n’t it ?
Christ , what an annoying holiday .
And , yes , as a nominal Italian - American , I ’m allowed to say that .
Can we please dump it ?
In fact , I ’ll tell you what : I propose trading in Columbus Day , a worthless “ surprise !
You do n’t get mail today ! ” holiday if there ever was one , for an Election Day holiday instead — a real holiday , where you get to skip work and everything .
And if it happens only every other year , in tandem with national elections , I ’m good with that .
So , a Columbus Day / Election Day holiday swap .
Who ’s with me on this one ?
Sorry -- this browser no parlez Java
Matt Lauer Roast : Tom Cruise Surprise Guest ( Photos and Video )
was a surprise guest at a Friar 's Club roast ofon Friday at New York 's Hilton Hotel .
Colleagues roasted Lauer for being a germaphobe and for having a clothes budget to rival Sarah Palin's .
NBC Nightly News anchor Brian Williams joked , " I always say , a lot of the outfits you see him wear on the ' Today ' show , they also make for men . "
Cruise said Lauer was " the man we wake up to every morning -- only because we had the channel on NBC before we fell asleep . "
Cruise had a heated on - air exchange with Lauer three years ago with the Today show co-host , berating him for suggesting that psychiatric drugs might help some people .
Cruise also joked about the infamous couch jumping episode on Oprah Winfrey 's show , saying Lauer advised him before the interview with Winfrey to " go crazy .
Trust me .
Trust me .
People will love you for it . "
Lauer 's former co-host Katie Couric suggested Cruise was threatened by Lauer because " he wants to be the only heterosexual man in the room who everyone thinks is gay . "
Cruise left just after his speech , leading Lauer to call after him .
" Tom , can you stay ? "
Lauer asked .
" I 'll get a booster seat . "
View photos below .
Matt Lauer Roast Video
thumbnail photos : Wenn
Daytime TV referee Judge Judy Sheindlin is n't so into computers or video games — she 's 65 , people ! — so it 's no surprise that she is totally clueless about World of Warcraft .
In fact , existence of the mega - popular online role - playing game was only made clear to Judge Judy today , when she heard a court case between a young woman who sued her inattentive WoW - addicted former live - in boyfriend for unpaid rent .
After hearing a bit of testimony about his addiction , JJ was so confused that she had to repeat the words " World of Warcraft " over and over again , in hopes that it would start to make sense .
( It did n't ! )
We were confused too :
After all , can guys who play WoW really get girlfriends ?
( Kidding ! )
Clip above .
Advertisement
COOL MADNESS , The Trial of Dr. Mollie Fry and Dale Schafer is the riveting true story of a medical marijuana doctor undergoing a federal trial for the first time in history .
The main character of COOL MADNESS is Dr. Marion “ Mollie ” Fry , a cancer survivor who learned about the benefits of medical marijuana while enduring chemotherapy and a double mastectomy .
After recovering , Dr. Fry set up a practice in the small northern California town of Cool and began recommending medical marijuana to her patients in accordance with state law .
However , California ’s medical marijuana laws are not recognized by the federal government , and this legal conflict put Dr. Fry ’s activities under the scrutiny of various authorities .
As a physician , her rights were ultimately upheld – her recommendations were protected by a ruling that cites free speech provisions from the 1st Amendment .
But as a patient , Dr. Fry was much more vulnerable .
Law enforcement surveillance on her home led to a raid that netted a meager 34 - plant garden in September 2001 .
The yield was supposed to supply a year ’s worth of medical marijuana for Dr. Fry and her husband Dale Schafer , who suffers from hemophilia and back injuries .
Instead , the couple got jailed and hit with federal charges for the cultivation of over a hundred plants .
The strategy used to increase the plant count is the critical lesson in COOL MADNESS .
As the book demonstrates , this development set a key precedent that puts many medical marijuana patients unwittingly in jeopardy and illustrates the dangers inherent in a federalist system .
“ The government had a novel way of prosecuting Dr. Fry and Dale Schafer , one that relied on the defendants ’ sense of security under state law , ” argues author Vanessa Nelson .
“ COOL MADNESS is crucial reading for anyone navigating the conflict between state and federal laws .
” COOL MADNESS also features a captivating performance by criminal defense genius Tony Serra , who represented Dale Schafer .
With a résumé that includes clients such as Huey Newton , “ Brownie ” Mary Rathburn and the Symbionese Liberation Army , Serra brings an unparalleled level of drama and legal expertise to the courtroom .
The exciting twists and turns are captured in perfect form throughout COOL MADNESS , with engaging storytelling that leaves the reader breathlessly entertained as well as informed .
COOL MADNESS is dedicated to Dr. Fry and Dale Schafer ’s children , who attended the trial daily in an inspiring show of support for their parents .
A third of all profits go to support Dr. Mollie Fry and Dale Schafer ’s Legal Defense FundOrder online at http://www.mmapub.com
About the AuthorVanessa Nelson is a freelance writer who specializes in covering medical marijuana court cases in California .
Since 2005 , her work has appeared in a variety of online and print publications , including O’Shaughnessy ’s , West Coast Leaf , Oaksterdam News and West Coast Cannabis .
In October 2007 , her series of books about medical marijuana trials debuted with U.S. vs. Ed Rosenthal 2.0 , The Re-Trial of the Ganja Guru .
COOL MADNESS is the second title in this series .
Vanessa is currently completing another book , detailing the first federal trial of medical marijuana dispensary operators .
MEDIA CONTACT : Tim Castleman - webmaster [ at ] medicalmarijuanaofamerica.com
Also see http://www.medicalmarijuanaofamerica.com for details and background .###
Firefighters vs. McCain
A spot from the International Association of Firefighters , airing in a half - million - dollar buy in markets in Ohio , Virginia , Missouri , Florida and New Hampshire , amplifies Obama 's warning that McCain will tax healthcare benefits .
There 's a separate North Carolina spot that goes after Elizabeth Dole as well .
One of the biggest stories in gaming this year was the ugly DRM enforcement that accompanied the release of EA 's Spore .
Will Wright 's long - awaited life simulation was marred by a disgraceful DRM debacle that led to one of the most significant online protest campaigns ever started by gamers .
The message was clear : gamers did not like SecuROM and , more generally , DRM .
Perhaps in an effort to win back PC gamers , EA has now made its big 2008 titles available on Steam without third - party DRM .
As of today , Spore ( and its first expansion ) , Warhammer Online , Need for Speed Undercover , Mass Effect , and FIFA Manager 09 have joined Crysis , Crysis : Warhead , and SiN Episodes : Emergence as part of the collection of EA - branded titles available through Valve 's digital distribution platform .
Prices are comparable to retail , but the bonus here is that none of the games are packaged with any third - party DRM .
The product pages for each game reveal that all traces of the much - loathed SecuROM have been eradicated .
More EA releases will follow this first batch .
It has already been confirmed that Mirror 's Edge , Dead Space , and Command and Conquer : Red Alert 3 are coming to the platform , and it seems as though EA intends to release its future titles on Steam as they launch .
" We are pleased to extend our holiday titles to gamers worldwide via Steam — a revolutionary technology that is one of the game industry 's most successful digital distribution services , " said John Pleasants , President of Global Publishing and COO of EA .
" EA is one of the industry 's largest publishers , " Valve 's Gabe Newell continued .
" The EA titles coming to Steam this holiday include some of this year 's top PC titles . "
For a company struggling with the poor consumer response to DRM , and for gamers who boycotted EA games they would have otherwise wanted to play , this is good news .
Hints that EA was considering making the transition to Steam first popped up when Crytek 's Crysis , an EA Partners title , came to the service , but now it seems that EA 's own in - house titles will be fair game for Steam release in the future .
This move follows other , less successful attempts to respond to complaints about EA 's use of DRM .
The company first tried to save face after the Spore backlash by reducing the abrasiveness of the SecuROM implementations in its other software .
Shortly after the release of Spore , EA released Command and Conquer : Red Alert 3 will a slightly toned down form of SecuROM .
Instead of 3 installs , players would be given 5 .
A number of gamers , however , were not placated .
EA 's presence on Steam seemed like an impossibility at one time , as the company maintains its own digital distribution system through its website .
The EA Download Manager allows gamers to purchase EA games directly from the company and download them through EA 's servers .
However , the thought of having EA software on their systems has proven unattractive to most hardcore PC gamers .
The move to Steam gave EA the opportunity to change its approach , and the new offerings have , for the most part , received praise from gamers and critics alike thanks to its relatively non-intrusive DRM scheme and strong community features .
With EA on board , Steam has added a large notch in its belt .
EA joins a long list of huge third - party publishers to be on the platform , including its foremost rival , Ubisoft , and it seems likely that others will follow suit .
For EA , though , this decision to drop DRM on its Steam options should go a long way towards helping it recover ground lost in the wake of the bad DRM decisions it made during the year gone by .
Turley : ' Strange alliance ' between Bush and alleged 9/11 mastermind David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Tuesday December 9 , 2008
Print This Email This Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , often described as the mastermind of 9/11 , and four other prisoners held at Guantanamo Bay told a military judge on Monday that they wish to plead guilty to all charges .
Law professor Jonathan Turley sees this confession as a " strange alliance " between Mohammed and George W. Bush , where both men get what they want -- martyrdom in Mohammed 's case and vindication in Bush 's -- and President - elect Barack Obama is stuck in the middle with a dilemma on his hands .
Mohammed and the other accused terrorists first announced their plan to confess on November 4 , which -- as MSNBC's Rachel Maddow pointed out in introducing Turley -- was " the day America elected a president who is expected to close the prison at Guantanamo Bay and is expected to close the military tribunal system . "
" Could it be that they want to beat the clock ? "
Maddow asked .
" They want to make sure they are convicted , and probably executed , under Bush 's tribunal system because that feels more like martyrdom to them than risking going into an actual non -kangaroo court trial in a real legal system ? "
" What Khalid Sheikh Mohammed just did is to hand George Bush a considerable victory , " Turley replied .
" We were very close in his case to addressing the fact that he was tortured and ... that his case was put in the spotlight on the gross unfairness of the Bush tribunal system .
And he essentially took all that off the table and saved the Bush administration the need to answer to those charges . "
" So the result is rather strange for a mastermind , " Turley continued .
" He 's probably a certifiable moron , because what he 's doing is he 's shifting this over to the death penalty question .
He 's not likely to be executed under George Bush .
The person that most supports what he did is likely George Bush and you have the strange alliance between Sheikh Mohammed and George W. Bush and Barack Obama is the guy in the middle . "
Turley believes that Mohammed 's guilty plea will be accepted but that because death penalty hearings take time , " it 's unlikely that he would be sentenced -- and certainly very unlikely to be executed -- before there is a President Obama in the White House .
" But then [ Obama 's ] going to have a dilemma , " Turley explained , " because at that point he would have to execute someone under the Bush tribunal system .
The alternative , if [ Mohammed ] is n't sentenced at that point -- and the one that I think President Obama should do -- would be to force him into the federal court , have him reindicted ... and have him sentenced under a real court and a real judge . "
Turley concluded , however , that ultimately Mohammed will probably get the death penalty he 's seeking , because " it 's likely that if he wants to be a martyr , he 's going to find a lot of people who want to help him along . "
This video is from MSNBC's The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast Dec. 8 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
posted by on November 5 at 13:00 PM
OK , so Prop 8 has lost .
How to turn this around ?
How to make this a beginning rather than an end ?
Two political strategies : first , it ’s not hard to get Propositions on the California ballot .
So , get a repeal of Prop 8 on for 2010 , when it wo n’t be a Presidential election year and so turnout may dip , especially among voters who were primarily coming out to support Obama , or to vote for the old - timer .
This would perhaps make the demographic issues of race ( African Americans opposed to gay marriage , and senior citizens ditto ) irrelevant .
Second , expect the Church of Latter Day Saints to once again pour millions of dollars into defeating the repeal .
If it does n’t get repealed in 2010 , get it on the ballot in 2012 .
2014 . 2016 .
However long it takes , the demographics will shift our way , and perhaps in the process we can bleed the Mormons dry .
If they want to impose their religious values on the rest of us , in a secular society , let ’s make them pay .
In addition to creating figures for museum exhibition , artist historian George S. Stuart also produces commissioned figures for serious collectors .
One of his collectors requested this figure of a Roman legionary serving in the legions under the command of Gaius Marius .
Marius is recognized for totally restructuring the Roman Army and introducing new training regimens .
He changed the army from a voluntary militia to a professional force , allowing men from all classes of Roman society to join and make a career of military service .
See a full length view of this amazingly detailed figure at the Gallery of Historical Figures
III .
Law Enforcement Arrests a Marijuana Smoker Every 54 seconds in America at a Tremendous Cost to Society .
In 1972 , a blue - ribbon panel of experts appointed by President Richard Nixon and led by former Pennsylvania Governor Raymond Shafer concluded that marijuana prohibition posed significantly greater harm to the user than the use of marijuana itself .
The National Commission on Marijuana and Drug Abuse recommended that state and federal laws be changed to remove criminal penalties for possession of marihuana for personal use and for the casual distribution of small amounts of marijuana .
16 That year , law enforcement arrested almost 300,000 Americans on marijuana charges .17 A 1982 National Academy of Sciences ' ( NAS ) report on marijuana reaffirmed that criminal justice approaches were inappropriate and harmful .
It recommended not only that marijuana possession be decriminalized , but that lawmakers give serious consideration to creating a system of regulated distribution and sale .
18 Law enforcement arrested over 450,000 Americans for violating marijuana laws that year .
19
In May of this year , research findings from a comprehensive , long term study performed by Kaiser Permanente concluded that no link existed between regular marijuana smoking and mortality and emphasized that marijuana prohibition posed the only significant health hazard to the user .
The report advocated that " medical guidelines regarding [ marijuana 's ] prudent use ... be established , akin to the common - sense guidelines that apply to alcohol use . "
In 1995 , the most recent year for which the federal government has arrest statistics , law enforcement charged almost 600,000 Americans with marijuana violations .
This figure is the greatest number ever recorded since marijuana prohibition began ; it means that one marijuana smoker is arrested every 54 seconds in America .
Despite criticism that President Clinton is " soft " on drugs , annual data from the Federal Bureau of Investigation 's ( FBI ) Uniform Crime Report demonstrate that Clinton administration officials are waging a more intensive war on marijuana smokers than any other presidency in history .
Law enforcement arrested approximately 1.5 million Americans on marijuana charges during the first three years of Clinton 's administration -- 84 percent of them for simple possession .
The average number of yearly marijuana arrests under Clinton ( 483,548 ) is 30 percent higher than under the Bush administration ( 338,998 ) , and last year 's total alone is more than double the 1991 total ( 287,850 ) .
22 Marijuana penalties vary nationwide , but most levy a heavy financial and social impact for the hundreds of thousands of Americans who are arrested each year .
In 42 states , possession of any amount of marijuana is punishable by incarceration and / or a significant fine .
23
For example , individuals arrested for simple marijuana possession in Arizona may face eighteen months in jail and a $ 150,000 fine .
24
Many states also have laws automatically suspending the drivers ' license of an individual if they are convicted of any marijuana offense , even if the offense was not driving related .
Penalties for marijuana cultivation and / or sale also vary from state to state .
Ten states have maximum sentences of five years or less and eleven states have a maximum penalty of thirty years or more .
25
Some states punish those who cultivate marijuana solely for personal use as severely as large scale traffickers .
For instance , medical marijuana user William Foster of Oklahoma was sentenced to 93 years in jail in January 1997 for growing 10 medium - sized marijuana plants and 56 clones ( cuttings from another plant planted in soil ) in a 25 - square - foot underground shelter .
26
Foster maintains that he grew marijuana to alleviate the pain of rheumatoid arthritis .
Unfortunately , Foster 's plight is not an isolated event ; marijuana laws in six states permit marijuana importers and traffickers to be sentenced to life in jail .
27 Even those who avoid state incarceration are subject to an array of punishments that may include submitting to random drug tests , probation , paying for mandatory drug counseling , loss of an occupational license , expensive legal fees , lost wages due to absence from work , loss of child custody , loss of federal benefits , and removal from public housing .
In some states , police will notify the employers of people who are arrested .
As a result , employees may lose their job .
28 Federal laws prohibiting marijuana are also severe .
Under federal law , possessing one marijuana cigarette or less is punishable by a fine of up to $ 10,000 and one year in prison , the same penalty as for possessing small amounts of heroin and cocaine .
In one extreme case , attorney Edward Czuprynski of Michigan served 14 months in federal prison for possession of 1.6 grams of marijuana before a panel of federal appellate judges reviewed his case and demanded his immediate release .
29 Cultivation of 100 marijuana plants or more carries a mandatory prison term of five years .
Large scale marijuana cultivators and traffickers may be sentenced to death .
Presently , Congress is proposing that the amount of marijuana necessary to trigger the death penalty be substantially lowered .
The " Drug Importer Death Penalty Act of 1997 , " introduced by admitted former marijuana smoker Newt Gingrich ( R - Ga. ) , would potentially sentence first offenders convicted of bringing more than 50 grams ( less than two ounces ) of marijuana across U.S. borders to life in prison without parole .
Those offenders convicted for a second time -- presumably the first offense would have been convicted before H.R. 41 's enactment -- would be sentenced to death .
Thirty - seven members of Congress are present cosponsors of this bill .
Federal laws also deny entitlements to marijuana smokers .
Under legislation introduced by Sen. Phil Gramm ( R - Texas ) and signed into law last year , states may deny cash aid ( e.g. , welfare , etc. ) and food stamps to anyone convicted of felony drug charges .
For marijuana smokers , this includes most convictions for cultivation and sale , even for small amounts and nonprofit transfers .
Currently , a murderer , rapist , or robber could receive federal funds and benefits , but not most individuals convicted of cultivating a small amount of marijuana .
In addition , under both state and federal law , mere investigation for a marijuana offense can result in the forfeiture of property , including cash , cars , boats , land , business equipment , and houses .
Amazingly , the owner does not have to be found guilty or even formally charged with any crime for the seizure to occur .
In 1993 , Illinois Congressman Henry Hyde ( R ) reported that 80 percent of the individuals whose assets are seized by the federal government under drug forfeiture laws are never charged with a crime .
Law enforcement often targets suspected marijuana offenders for the purpose of seizing their property , sometimes with tragic results .
For example , millionaire rancher Donald Scott was shot and killed by law enforcement officials in 1992 at his Malibu estate in a botched raid .
Law enforcement failed to find any marijuana plants growing on his property and later conceded that their primary motivation for investigating Scott was to eventually seize his land .30 State and federal marijuana laws also have a disparate racial impact on ethnic minorities .
While blacks and Hispanics make up only 20 percent of the marijuana smokers in the U.S.,31 they comprised 55 percent of the marijuana offenders sentenced under federal law in 1995.32 State arrest and incarceration rates paint a similar portrait .
For example , in Illinois , 57 percent of those sent to prison for marijuana in 1995 were black or Hispanic .33
In California , 49 percent of those arrested for marijuana offenses in 1994 were black or Hispanic .
And in New York state , 71 percent of those arrested for misdemeanor marijuana charges in 1995 were non-white .35
Since the Shafer Commission reported their findings to Congress in 1972 advocating marijuana decriminalization , over ten million Americans have been arrested on marijuana charges .
Marijuana prohibition is a failed public policy that is out of touch with today 's social reality and inflicts devastating harm on millions of citizens .
The incoming administration in Washington has proposed an elaborate economic stimulus package that will include a massive public works scheme .
Unfortunately , a public works scheme did little to lift Japan out of its economic slump during the 1990s .
In Ottawa , the minority government formulated a stimulus package that was perceived as too modest and rejected by opposition parties , who then proposed to form a coalition government .
The suspension of parliamentary proceedings in Ottawa will at least serve to delay the malinvestment of that economic stimulus package .
Short - term Gain vs. Long-term Pain
Of course , there is already massive malinvestment in both the American and the Canadian economies .
Both economies are rife with misleading economic signals caused by the ultra - low interest rates in effect during the American housing market boom .
The current round of ultra- low interest rates , along with the massive multi-billion dollar bail out packages in the US , have the potential to generate a whole new layer of misleading market signals and a whole new round of malinvestment .
The gains over the short term could easily lead to another severe market slowdown in the long term .
Ultra -low interest rates and government - funded technology development programs financed the high - tech boom and the high - tech malinvestment boom .
Consumer and commercial market signals that were riddled with misleading signals led to the development of new cutting - edge technology and innovative software .
The only problem was that there was too small a market to support the production of these products and services , or to have warranted their development in the first place .
The result was the dot - com meltdown and the high - tech bust .
Governments worldwide are initiating economic stimulus packages that are intended to bring about economic recovery .
Over the short term some national economies may even show signs of economic recovery , but those signals will in turn be misleading and cause malinvestment in some business sectors .
The result over the long term will be another and perhaps more severe economic slowdown .
Useful Uses Of netcat
Version 1.0
Author : Falko Timme
This short article shows some useful netcat commands .
netcat is known as the TCP / IP swiss army knife .
From the netcat man page : netcat is a simple unix utility which reads and writes data across network connections , using TCP or UDP protocol .
It is designed to be a reliable " back - end " tool that can be used directly or easily driven by other programs and scripts .
At the same time , it is a feature - rich network debugging and exploration tool , since it can create almost any kind of connection you would need and has several interesting built - in capabilities .
I do not issue any guarantee that this will work for you !
1 Preliminary Note
I 'm using two systems in this article :
server1.example.com : IP address 192.168.0.100
: IP address server2.example.com : IP address 192.168.0.101
netcat should already be installed on your system - you can check with
which nc
To learn more about netcat , take a look at its man page :
man nc
2 Copying A File From One System To The Other
Let 's say we want to copy the file ISPConfig - 2.2.27.tar.gz from server1 to server2 .
To do this , run
server2 :
nc - lp 1234 > ISPConfig-2.2.27.tar.gz
on server2 ( 1234 is some unused port - you can replace it with another value if you like ) .
server2 will then wait for the file ISPConfig - 2.2.27.tar.gz on port 1234 .
On server1 , run
server1 :
nc -w 1 server2.example.com
1234 < ISPConfig-2.2.27.tar.gz
to start the file transfer .
3 Cloning Hard Drives & Partitions
You can use netcat even to clone hard drives / partitions over the network .
In this example , I want to clone / dev/sda from server1 to server2 .
Of course , the to - be - cloned partitions must be unmounted on the target system , so if you want to clone the system partition , you must boot the target system ( server2 ) from a rescue system or Live - CD such as Knoppix .
Please keep in mind that the target system 's IP address might change under the live system ( you can find out by running
ifconfig
) . server2's IP address in this example is 192.168.0.12 instead of 192.168.0.101 .
On server2 , run
server2 :
nc -l -p 1234 | dd of=/dev/sda
Afterwards , on server1 , runAdvertisementAdvertisement
server1 :
dd if=/dev/sda | nc 192.168.0.12 1234
to start the cloning process .
This can take some time , depending on the size of the hard drive or partitions .
4 Port Scanning
On server1 , you can scan for open ports on server2 as follows :
server1 :
nc -v -w 1 server2.example.com -z 1-1000
( 1-1000 means : scan ports from port number 1 to port number 1000 . )
Advertisement
You can also scan ports on the local system :
nc -v -w 1 localhost -z 1-1000
5 Serving Web Pages
You can even use netcat to act as a web server :
while true ; do nc - l -p 80 -q 1 < somepage .
html ; done
would serve the page somepage .
html until you close the terminal window .
6 Spoofing HTTP Headers
You can use netcat to request web pages :
nc ispconfig.org 80
You can then type in headers as follows :
GET / HTTP/1.1
Host : ispconfig.org
Referrer : mypage.com
User -Agent : my - browser
As you see , this allows you to make up your own referrers and browser ( User - Agent ) .
After you 've typed in your headers , press ENTER twice , and the requested page will appear ( including the headers sent back by the remote server ) :
server2:~# nc exampple.com 80
GET / HTTP/1.1
Host : example.com
Referrer : mypage.com
User -Agent : my - browserAdvertisement
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Date : Fri , 28 Nov 2008 14:11:49 GMT
Server : Apache / 2.2.3 ( Debian ) mod_ssl/2.2.3 OpenSSL/0.9.8c
Last - Modified : Wed , 26 Nov 2008 19:34:17 GMT
ETag : " 228c707-21b1-b6b7e040 "
Accept - Ranges : bytes
Content - Length : 8625
Content - Type : text / html
[...]
7 Chatting
You can even use netcat to chat from one system to the other on the command line .
Type
server2 :
nc - lp 1234
on server2 . server2 will then wait until server1 connects on port 1234 .
On server1 , run
server1 :
nc server2.example.com 1234
Now you can type in messages on either system and press ENTER , and they will appear on the other system .
To close the chat , press CTRL+C on either system .
Rivals of Apple 's iTunes store and technology rights groups are speaking out .
They believe Apple may be unfairly blocking rival software makers from selling music on the iPhone and new iPod Touch .
Currently , four out of every five songs purchased on the Internet come from the iTunes store , according to a release from Reuters .
This statistic becomes ever more important as digital downloads become increasingly popular .
In fact , last month , for the first time digital sales surpassed CD sales .
This popularity is largely in due to Apple 's ability to produce and market innovative products .
Today the iPod is the standard from which other digital music players are compared .
Yet , the iPod is only one aspect of Apple 's trifecta in the world of digital music .
There is also iTunes software to manage the music , as well as the iTunes store for music sales .
When using an iPod , these three interact seemlessly , making the process very straightforward , yet importing music from other services can be anything but simple .
Because of the increasing segregation between music purchased elsewhere and music purchased at the iTunes store , rivals and technology rights groups are worried Apple is being overly aggressive in their methods of music organization .
Others believe iTunes inhibits user choice in its methods of music management .
" Users should have the choice of the iTunes store or somebody else 's store , " says Rob Lord , chief executive of
Songbird
, a rival music player that is designed for use on any device , including the iPod .
He also added consumers should be able to switch to Nokia , Blackberry In Motion Ltd or other MP3 players without having to dump their entire music library .
One ' problem ' is that their cries are falling on deaf ears .
As of right now , with Apple 's huge market share , as well as their continuing popularity , it has no reason to change the
DRM
scheme .
On top of this , no one can force Apple to change their tactics .
With Microsoft's Zune , software , and marketplace trio , Apple is not a musical monopoly liable for review .
To illustrate the technology rights group 's fears , one must understand what it means to purchase a song through the iTunes store .
Each track purchased is a normal MP4 file that has an encrypted audio stream (
AAC
) .
The purchase information , including the key used to encode the song are stored on Apple 's servers .
In order to play the file , iTunes accesses Apple 's servers , downloads the key information , and activates the computer .
At any given time , 5 computers can be activated to play the users songs through QuickTime .
The issue lies in the fact that the songs can only play on activated computers , and only through programs that work with QuickTime .
This seemingly ties the purchaser to Apple and QuickTime .
Yet Apple has avoided lawsuits by giving users a work - around .
To remove the DRM from the song , the song can be burned to a CD and re-ripped to the hard drive without any DRM .
A lengthy and frustrating process for anyone who wants out from Apple .
Digital Rights Management for songs is not the only issue being brought up .
The iPhone and iPod Touch both use a new version of an Apple file format known as iTunesDB .
In order for software to sync with an iPod , iTunes DB must be used .
The older version , which was used in previous generations of iPods , was hacked quickly , allowing access by third party programs .
The new version has n't been cracked ( yet ) , so as of now , users with an iPhone or iPod Touch must use iTunes to manage their music .
For the majority of users , who use iTunes , this goes unnoticed , but for those who use
Winamp
or other popular music management software it brings up a host of issues .
How strongly does Apple feel about keeping iTunesDB uncracked ?
Enough that when possible cracking solutions were posted on the site
bluwiki
, Apple was quick to contact the operator , Sam Odio .
" When a lawyer calls you up and implicitly threatens litigation that would bankrupt your little project you obviously have no choice but to comply , " he said .
Groups such as Electronic Frontier Foundation believe Apple has gone too far .
" This is a pure attack on interoperability , " said Fred von Lohmann , a lawyer for the Foundation .
" In October of last year , they added software which has no purpose other than to prevent applications other than iTunes from working , " he added .
Only time will tell if the Apple Juggernaut will be effected in the future as more and more users try software for their musical needs .
With the overwhelming hostility towards digital gaming DRM such as that used in Spore , combined with more and more people 's desire for unencumbered music , Apple is asking for trouble if they add too much more rigidity to what their users can and cannot do .
A man was shot dead outside his home last night by a gunman as young as 15 after he confronted a group who had been tormenting him .
The 50 - year - old victim was shot once in the body and died shortly afterwards in the Mater Hospital , despite the frantic efforts of ambulance staff to revive him .
Locals named the victim as Aidan O'Kane , a self employed mechanic , of Shelmalier Road , East Wall .
Gardai believe Mr O'Kane was hit by a shot from a handgun when he ran after a group of youths who had earlier reportedly been throwing eggs at his home .
Initial reports suggested that Mr O'Kane ran after the group into a laneway , off Bargy Road , where he was shot .
An ambulance was called and the badly wounded man was rushed to the hospital , but all efforts to save his life failed .
Senior officers said Mr O'Kane was not known to them and they were satisfied that the shooting had no connection to the gangland feud that has already claimed several lives in the north inner city .
Mr O'Kane had moved into the area less than a year ago and lived in the 1950s end - of - terrace house with his son , Dylan .
Neighbours described him as a " quiet character " who worked in his garden and had repaired bicycles for a lot of the local children .
But in recent weeks a gang of teenage boys had been tormenting him and had subjected him to a campaign of intimidation .
Gardai last night were investigating reports that eggs had been thrown at the house earlier yesterday and detectives were investigating a possible link between that incident and the shooting .
The shooting took place shortly after 7 pm and the area was quickly cordoned off by gardai for the arrival of a team from the technical bureau .
Last night , gardai at the investigation headquarters at Store Street station appealed to anybody who had seen teenagers acting suspiciously in the Shelmalier Road and Bargy Road area between 6.30 pm and 7.30 pm to contact them .
Shelmalier Road is a quiet residential area .
Local people reported hearing shouts just prior to the shooting on the relatively deserted road .
" He was always fixing cars in the garden .
There was a car set on fire in the garden the other night , " said one neighbour .
It was also reported that Mr O'Kane 's car was pushed from the front of his house in the past by his tormentors .
" He used to fix my car for me .
He was lovely , " said one local .
" I heard he chased them up the lane and he was shot up there .
" He was no trouble .
As far as neighbours go , he was grand . "
The unequivocal signature of water vapor has been found on a planet beyond our solar system .
Using NASA ’s Spitzer Space Telescope , astronomers detected the steamy signature of water vapor in the light coming from a large exoplanet circling around a star about 63 light - years from Earth .
Though it ’s not the first sign of water vapor around this planet , it ’s the strongest evidence yet .
The planet , HD 189733 b , is what ’s called a " Hot Jupiter " — a boiling , gigantic gas planet more akin to our own Jupiter or Saturn than to a terrestrial planet like Earth .
It ’s not a good candidate itself for alien life , but the successful detection of water vapor here , in the location and quantities that theorists predicted , bodes well for further studies of more promising locales for extraterrestrial life .
" It means we ’re starting to understand these objects a little bit better than we did when we first started , " astrophysicist Adam
Burrows of Princeton University told Wired.com .
" It ’s a trial run for the much more detailed investigations that will be possible in the years to come as we take this stepping stone from giant planets to terrestrial planets . "
Though water vapor is thought to be fairly common on planets — even our own Jupiter has it — the discovery of its presence on another world is significant and points the way toward future discoveries , scientists say .
Yesterday scientists announced that the Hubble Space Telescope had found carbon dioxide , which under the right circumstances could be connected to life , on the same planet .
The presence of methane has also been detected .
Burrows and the research team , led by Carl Grillmair of the
California Institute of Technology , used a technique known as the secondary - eclipse method to observe the infrared light coming from the planet .
The world is so close to its star that normally the light from the two objects cannot be distinguished .
But when the planet orbits behind the star , only the light from the star is visible .
By subtracting the star ’s light from the total light of star plus planet , the scientists were able to isolate only the planet ’s light .
When they separated the image into its constituent colors in a process called spectroscopy , they found the characteristic dip in light of a certain wavelength that results from water in the planet ’s atmosphere absorbing that light .
" We ’re looking at the brightness of the planet , as opposed to the effect of the stellar light , " Burrows said .
" The data we have is the best spectrum ever taken of a planet outside the solar system . "
In an article accompanying the research paper , published Wednesday in the journal Nature , astronomer Drake Deming of the NASA
Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Maryland , wrote , " We must first learn how to detect abundant molecules such as water before we can advance to identifying the more subtle signatures that scarcer molecules such as molecular oxygen leave in exoplanet spectra .
Grillmair and colleagues have taken that first step . "
Citation : " Strong water absorption in the dayside emission spectrum of the planet HD 189733b " by Carl J. Grillmair , Adam Burrows , David Charbonneau , Lee Armus , John Stauffer , Victoria Meadows , Jeffrey van Cleve , Kaspar von Braun and Deborah Levine .
Nature : doi:10.1038/nature07574 .
See Also :
Image : NASA / JPL - Caltech / T. Pyle ( SSC )
Over the past decade , I have written and published numerous essays critical of Libertarianism .
In fact , much of the focus of my book in progress , Conscience of a Progressive , is a critique of the libertarian doctrines of market absolutism , social atomism , and negative rights .
And yet , I would describe myself as a “ semi-libertarian , ” in that I endorse the libertarian positions on personal liberty – of association , of religion ( or lack thereof ) , of sexual preference , of free expression , etc .
Thus the libertarians and I agree with John Stuart Mill that “ over himself , over his own mind body and mind , the individual is sovereign . ”
In this regard , the libertarians are in agreement with most liberals .
So much so that many libertarians voted , albeit reluctantly , for Barack Obama in the recent election ( as I discovered in a conference on “ Libertarianism and Its Critics , ” in which I participated this past week ) .
However , regarding economic justice , property rights , and the protection and preservation of the natural environment , libertarians disagree profoundly with the liberals and are more in tune with the conservative Republicans .
Thus the libertarians are in the strange position of agreeing , in some essential respects , with both the Democrats and the Republicans .
But their disagreements with both are so substantial that the libertarians are estranged from both parties .
With the libertarians , I cherish and defend the fundamental rights to life , liberty and property .
Also , along with the libertarians , I affirm the “ like liberty principle : ” that , in the words of John Rawls , “ each person is to have an equal right to the most extensive total system of equal basic liberties compatible with a similar system of liberty for all . ”
However , with the liberals I insist that when we explore the implications of the basic triad of rights to life , liberty and property , and combine them with the like liberty principles , we find complications and conflicts which require the articulation and enforcement of rules by the only agency authorized to act disinterestedly on behalf of all citizens , namely a democratic government acting with “ the consent of the governed . ”
This is all very abstract , and I will attempt in the course of this essay to exemplify these principles with familiar examples .
A “ Society ” is More Than the Sum of its Parts .
Perhaps the fundamental dispute between libertarians and liberals such as myself resides in the ontological status of “ society ” and “ the public . "
The social atomism of the libertarians was starkly expressed by Margaret Thatcher when she wrote : “ “ There is no such thing as society – there are individuals and there are families . ”
And Ayn Rand : “ There is no such entity as “ the public ” ... the public is merely a number of individuals "
Now admittedly , Baroness Thatcher is not a political philosopher , and Ayn Rand insisted that she was not a libertarian .
So let ’s look further .
Consider first , this passage from Frank Chodorov :
Society is a collective concept and nothing else ; it is a convenience for designating a number of people ...
The concept of Society as a metaphysical concept falls flat when we observe that Society disappears when the component parts disperse ...
When the individuals disappear so does the whole .
The whole has no separate existence .
( Quoted by David Boaz , Libertarianism : A Primer , p. 96 ) .
Next , David Boaz of The Cato Institute :
For libertarians , the basic unit of social analysis is the individual ....
Individuals are , in all cases , the source and foundation of creativity , activity , and society .
Only individuals can think , love , pursue projects , act .
Groups do n’t have plans or intentions .
Only individuals are capable of choice ... [ At ] the conceptual level , we must understand that society is composed of individuals .
It has no independent existence .
( Ibid. , p. 95 ) .
Now consider the implications of this denial of the " independent existence " of " the public " and " society . "
If there is no " public , " then there are no " public goods " and there is no " public interest . "
If there is no " society , " then there is no " social harm , " or " social injustice " or " social ( and public ) responsibility . "
It then follows that government has no role in mitigating " social injustice " or promoting " the public interest , " since these terms are fundamentally meaningless .
Poverty and racial discrimination , for example , are individual problems requiring individual solutions .
In contradistinction , the liberal affirms that “ society ” and “ the public ” are “ emergent entities , ” like chemical compounds , languages , and living organism , with qualities distinct from those of their components .
Attempts to reduce societies and publics to their component individuals is what the Brits call “ nothing buttery : ” for example , “ a Beethoven symphony is nothing but notes , ” or “ Hamlet is nothing but a string of words , ” or “ a human mind is nothing but cells and synapses . ”
Good for Each , Bad for All .
If we can cite cases in which advantages to each individual harms the interest of all individuals , and conversely that harm to each individual benefits all individuals , then , by distinguishing “ each ” and “ all ” we have demonstrated the existence of an “ all - entity , ” “ society , ” that is distinct from a summation of “ each ” individual .
Elsewhere , I have attempted at some length to prove that society is more than the sum of its component members ( “ good for each , bad for all , ” and “ bad for each , good for all ” ) .
Consider just two examples :
Antibiotics :
The over -use of antibiotics " selects " resistant " super- bugs , " decreasing the effectiveness of antibiotics for all .
But just one more anti-biotic prescription for a trivial , " self - limiting " bronchial infection wo n't make a significant difference " in general , " while it will clearly benefit the individual patient .
But multiply that individual doctor 's prescription by the millions , and we have a serious problem .
" Good for each patient , bad for the general population . "
The solution : restrict the use of antibiotics to the seriously ill .
Individuals with trivial and non-life - threatening ailments must “ tough it out . ”
“ Bad for each , good for all . ”
Traffic laws :
We all agree that traffic laws can be a nuisance .
But if you believe that traffic lights constrain your freedom of movement , try to drive across Manhattan during a power outage !
In the blackouts of 1965 and 1977 in the eastern United States and Canada , traffic began to move only after the police and a few citizen volunteers stood at the intersections and directed traffic .
( I was in Manhattan during both events ) .
The decision of each driver to accept constraints worked to the advantage of all .
So too with the traffic lights and stop signs that we encounter daily .
We are all freer to move about only because we have collectively agreed to restrict our individual freedom of movement .
“ Bad for each , good for all . ”
A third example of individual self - serving behavior leading to ruin for all , “ the tragedy of the commons , ” follows shortly .
To sum up : “ society ” is not , as the libertarians would have us believe , simply a physical location where autonomous private individuals “ do their own thing , ” from which activity somehow , “ as if by an invisible hand ” ( Adam Smith ) , benefits for all accrue without foresight or planning .
On the contrary , the liberal insists , a society is more than the sum of its individual parts .
A society is , as John Rawls puts it , “ a cooperative venture for mutual advantage [ which ] makes possible a better life for all than any would have if each were to live solely by his own efforts . ”
As the anti-biotics and traffic examples illustrate , common goods are achieved through individual constraint and sacrifice .
“ Bad for each , good for all . ”
Conversely , unconstrained self - serving behavior by each individual can harm society as a whole .
“ Good for Each , Bad for all . ”
The liberal does not deny that self - serving individual behavior , for example by scientists , entrepreneurs and artists , often or even usually results in benefits for all .
( “ Good for each , good for all ” ) .
Instead , the liberal insists that this is not a universal rule .
In innumerable instances , such as the two presented above , it can be clearly shown that social benefit requires individual constraint and sacrifice .
Market Failure : The Back of the Invisible Hand
The libertarian insists that , apart from the protection of life , liberty and property , whatever government attempts , privatization and the free - market can do better .
For example ,
Jacob Halbrooks : “ Adam Smith 's ‘ invisible hand ’ of the market guides all participants in society to promote the best wishes of everyone else by pursuing his own wants and desires . ”
David Boaz : “ [ T ] he free market allows more people to satisfy more of their desires , and ultimately to enjoy a higher standard of living than any other social system ...
We need simply to remember to let the market process work in its apparent magic and not let the government clumsily intervene in it so deeply that it grinds to a halt . "
And Milton and Rose Friedman : " A free market [ co- ordinates ] the activity of millions of people , each seeking his own interest , in such a way as to make everyone better off ...
Economic order can emerge as the unintended consequence of the actions of many people , each seeking his own interest . "
What these " market absolutists " fail to appreciate is that not all workings of " the invisible hand " of the marketplace are beneficial .
Some unintended consequences of market activity are harmful -- " the back of the invisible hand . "
Economists call these " market failures . "
The source of market failure is hinted at in Milton Friedman ’s notorious proclamation that " the social responsibility of business is to increase its profits . ”
This result is neatly accomplished by internalizing profits and externalizing costs on unconsenting third - parties , the so - called " stakeholders . "
If the stockholders of a corporation are dissatisfied with the profit - making of the corporation , they can fire the managers .
But who , other than the government , speaks for the stakeholders : those who live downwind and downstream from a factory , or most recently the tax - paying public , present and future , that has been presented the bill for rescuing Wall Street ?
If not the regulatory agencies , then perhaps the courts .
However , as I have explained elsewhere at some length , the courts fall short as a remedy for market failures .
Limits of privatization and property rights .
The Tragedy of the Commons .
Garrett Hardin ’s landmark essay , “ The Tragedy of the Commons , ” vividly displays the principle , “ good for each , bad for all . ”
Imagine a village of sheep herders , surrounded by an open pasture , a “ commons , ” owned by none and utilized by all .
The number of sheep in the pasture is at “ carrying capacity , ” which means that the addition of more sheep will degrade productivity and sustainability of the common resource .
It is to the advantage of each villager to add to his personal wealth by putting another of his sheep in the commons .
But by so doing , he decreases the wealth and well - being of all the others .
“ Good for each , bad for all . ”
And now the “ tragedy : ” Absent collective constraints on the individual , the only rational thing for the autonomous “ economic man ” to do under these circumstances is to increase his wealth by adding sheep to the commons .
Presumably , all the others will be likewise motivated .
True , it will destroy the resource and bring ruin upon all , including himself .
But he is helpless , by himself , to avoid this result .
Might as well “ get what he can while he can . ”
If this scenario applied only to sheep herders and pastures , it would be of little interest .
But the significance of the tragedy of the commons resides in its scope of application : to air pollution , to global population , to game management , to ocean fisheries , and to much , much , more .
Hardin ’s solution is both obvious and compelling : “ mutual coercion , mutually agreed upon . ”
But who or what is best suited to articulate and enforce the mutually agreed upon rules of mutual coercion ?
What else but a democratic government , acting in behalf of all , and answerable to all ?
The libertarian replies that the tragedy of the commons can be addressed by privatizing the commons -- for example , by closing the open range and dividing it into private parcels .
This solution internalizes the cost of over - exploitation , thus motivating the owner to manage the property sustainably .
Agreed .
But this is only a partial solution , for some commons , by nature , can not be privatized .
Among these are migrating wildlife , pollenizers , the atmosphere , rivers , aquifers , the ocean , the hydrological and nutrient cycles , the global climate .
The economic value of these so - called " natural services " is calculated by Robert Costanza , et al at approximately double the gross national product of the United States .
Who or what is to protect and preserve these indispensable natural services ?
We arrive at the same answer : the government , or more correctly , a consortium of governments , for these services , like nature itself , are totally indifferent to both national boundaries and property lines .
“ The Public Interest : ” Randville , Rawlsburg , and New Orleans .
Are there public goods ?
Ayn Rand , let us recall , believes that there are no public goods because , “ there is no such entity as ' the public ' -- since the public is merely a number of individuals -- any claimed or implied conflict of the ' public interest ' with private interests means that the interests of some men must be sacrificed to the interests of and wishes of others . "
The liberal , of course , vehemently disagrees .
As evidence of the existence of “ public goods , ” consider a parable .
Two communities are situated on opposite banks of a great river : on the right bank ( appropriately ) is “ Randville , ” and on the left bank is “ Rawlsburg . ”
Randville is populated entirely by libertarians – rugged individualists all , who shun “ collective ” activity and who assume full responsibility for their personal safety , welfare and property .
“ Rawlsburg ” is comprised of liberal individuals who are properly covetous of their personal rights , yet fully aware of the desirability of promoting public goods and of acting collectively in the face of common emergencies .
News arrives at both communities that a great flood is approaching from upstream .
The citizens of Randville immediately get to work piling sandbags around each of their individual dwellings .
Across the river in Rawlsburg , brigades of citizens are hard at work building a levee around the entire town .
Come the flood , the puny separate efforts of the rugged Randville individualists prove to be futile , while the substantial communal levee surrounding Rawlsburg holds firm and the community is spared .
“ Now hold on ! , ” the libertarian retorts .
“ Surely , faced with this common emergency , the folks at Randville would volunteer to build a levee .
That ’s just common sense . ”
Very well , but what about those Randvillians who say : “ you guys go right ahead and build that levee .
I ’d rather stay at home – I have other priorities . ”
Surely the good libertarians would n’t want to force anyone , in Ayn Rand ’s words , to sacrifice their interests to the interests of others .
And so we have the well - known “ free rider problem , ” whereby an individual gains unearned and cost - free advantage from the labor of others .
A profound injustice on the face of it .
The solution ?
What else than to coerce a contribution to the common effort , either by labor or , failing that , cash assessments .
In other words , taxes .
So it comes to this :
The only way for the Randvillians to deal with “ the free riders ” is to coerce labor on the levees , or assess taxes in lieu of labor .
They must do so in behalf ( are you ready for this ? ) of the “ common good ” of the community - as - a - whole .
Just as the Rawlsburgers are doing across the river .
The Randville and Rawlsburg example is a fictitious thought - experiment .
If it seems far - fetched , then forget Randville and think New Orleans , August , 2005 .
Here 's another case that is quite real , and even personal :
In April , 2003 , California Governor Gray Davis requested $ 430 million in federal funds to reduce the fire hazard in the southern California forests .
The request was ignored until , on October 24 , George Bush formally rejected it .
The very next day , “ the Old Fire ” broke out in the San Bernardino mountains , followed by several more fires , eventually consuming three quarter of a million acres and 3577 homes , and causing 22 fatalities .
This particular disaster struck close to home – precisely 150 feet close to my home , where the fire was stopped at my property line .
“ The Old Fire ” almost surrounded the cluster of houses in our neighborhood , and only the combined , coordinated and professional effort of the US forest Service and the state and local firefighters saved our homes .
Several days earlier the county Sheriff ordered us off the mountain while these “ big government bureaucracies ” did their work – magnificently .
Perhaps some libertarians would have preferred to de-fund the government fire - control agencies and then to leave it to each of us individual property owners to take a valiant stand by our individual homes , garden hoses in hand .
Who can doubt that had we tried that , all our houses would have been reduced to ashes and many of us would have ended up as “ crispy critters . ”
In his 2000 debate with Al Gore , George Bush said " I think you can spend your money more wisely than the federal government can . "
In November , 2003 , all of us San Bernardino mountaineers – democrats , republican , independents – were convinced , contrary to George Bush , that “ the government ” spent our tax money better than we could .
Libertarianism in Theory and Practice .
Libertarians routinely trot out horror stories about government waste , fraud , and abuse , and measure these troublesome anecdotes alongside an unrealizable ideal of a " perfectly functioning market . "
However , this argument commits the fallacy of disparate comparison by comparing what the perfect market would do in theory with what imperfect governmental agencies , at their worst , have done in fact .
No thoughtful liberal defender of public regulation of the environment in liberal democracies will pretend that this approach is perfect .
In fact , as everyone knows , regulatory agencies are under constant assault and their public service is constantly compromised , usually by the very free market forces and private interests that are celebrated by the libertarians .
But if the libertarians have a better alternative , then it must be shown to be preferable in practice , rather than in ideal theory .
However , history shows that the unconstrained free market , privatization and the absence of " government interference " has given us opium in cough medicine , spoiled meat , child labor , mine disasters , black lung disease , air and water pollution , depletion of natural resources , and now the collapse of the financial markets .
" The free market , " that cornerstone of libertarian theory , cannot survive without a governmental referee , for the unconstrained and unregulated " free market " contains the seeds of its own destruction .
Though free market theorists are reluctant to admit it , capitalists are not fond of free markets , since open and fair competition forces them to invest in product development while they cut their prices .
Monopoly and the elimination of competition is the ideal condition for the entrepreneur , and he will strive to achieve it unless restrained not by conscience but by an outside agency enforcing " anti- trust " laws .
That agency , necessary for the maintenance of the free market is , of course , the " government , " so despised by the libertarians .
Evidence ?
Look to history .
Then it was John D. Rockefeller , now it is Bill Gates
When , during a football game , a referee makes a call against the home team , the fans are often heard to shout : " Kill the Ref ! " -- forgetting , for that moment , that without referees , the game could not continue .
Similarly , " abolish government " is another cry that issues from frustration .
Without a doubt , governments can be damned nuisances .
They require us to pay taxes , often for services that do not benefit us or for benefits which we take for granted .
Governments tell us that we can't build homes and factories on public lands , that we can't throw junk into the air and rivers , that we can't drive at any speed we wish , and that we can't sell medicines without first testing their safety and efficacy .
All this curtails the freedom and the wealth of some .
But at the same time , such " government interference " promotes the welfare of the others : of consumers , travelers , ordinary citizens and , yes , property owners .
Among the liberal democracies , the constraints of " big government " tend to burden the wealthy and powerful , while those same constraints protect the poor and the weak , all of whom , in a just polity , are equal citizens before the law .
In short , libertarianism fails , not because it is wrong , but because it is insufficiently and over - simplistically right .
It correctly celebrates the rights of life , liberty and property , and then fails to deal with the conflicts and paradoxes that issue from the exercise of these rights .
Moreover , the libertarian fails to appreciate that a just system of adjudication of these rights and claims of presumably equal citizens would necessarily restore much of the very governmental structure that the libertarians would abolish and that the liberals defend .
If the libertarian scheme of free markets , absolute property rights and torts will not suffice to protect the rights of all citizens and the integrity of the natural environment , then what will ?
Here 's a modest , if familiar , proposal .
Let the public in general establish an agent to act in its behalf , and as the guarantor of the commonly held values and aspirations of the polity .
And then let that agent first determine and then enforce rules for the optimum sustainable use of the necessarily " common resources " ( e.g. the atmosphere , the hydrological cycle , migrating wildlife , etc. ) .
And if the public is not satisfied with how that agent is acting in its behalf , it then has the right to replace that agent with another .
Such a system is in fact in place : the " agent " is called " government , " the rules are called " environmental law and regulation , " and the system of checks against the abuse of power is called " democracy . "
In the United States Constitution , as well as the supreme law of numerous other liberal democracies , the freedom and integrity of the individual ( i.e. , one 's rights to life , liberty and property ) are protected , even from " the tyranny of the majority . "
Admittedly , the liberal democracy and regulated capitalism that I would recommend is not perfect -- nor is any human institution under the sun .
But an anecdotal inventory of the shortcomings of public regulation of the environment does not , by itself , constitute a repudiation of the existing system ..
What is required is a clear and persuasive presentation of a better workable alternative .
This the libertarians have not offered us .
Nor can they , as long as anyone pays more than casual attention to human psychology , ecological necessities , and the lessons of history
_______
About author Dr. Ernest Partridge is a consultant , writer and lecturer in the field of Environmental Ethics and Public Policy .
He has taught Philosophy at the University of California , and in Utah , Colorado and Wisconsin .
He publishes the website , " The Online Gadfly " ( www.igc.org/gadfly) and co-edits the progressive website , " The Crisis Papers " ( www.crisispapers.org).
His book in progress , " Conscience of a Progressive , " can be seen at Dr. Ernest Partridge is a consultant , writer and lecturer in the field of Environmental Ethics and Public Policy .
He has taught Philosophy at the University of California , and in Utah , Colorado and Wisconsin .
He publishes the website , " The Online Gadfly " ( www.igc.org/gadfly) and co-edits the progressive website , " The Crisis Papers " ( www.crisispapers.org).
His book in progress , " Conscience of a Progressive , " can be seen at www.igc.org/gadfly/progressive/^toc.htm .
Send comments to : gadfly@igc.org
General Motors Corp. and Chrysler LLC have reopened merger talks , as Chrysler owner Cerberus Capital Management LP has signaled its willingness to give away part of its ownership in the auto maker , say people familiar with the discussions .
With cash running low at both companies , Cerberus took the initiative to restart discussions that sputtered just weeks ago .
At that time , both GM and Chrysler viewed a business combination as impractical and as a distraction from their mounting liquidity problems .
The ...
Often referred to as the " Einstein of consciousness studies " , Ken Wilber is a preeminent scholar of the Integral stage of human development .
He is the originator of the world 's first truly comprehensive or integrative philosophy , aptly named “ Integral Theory ” — something that is becoming increasingly necessary in order to navigate and thrive in today ’s world .
“ I have one major rule : Everybody is right .
More specifically , everybody — including me — has some important pieces of truth , and all of those pieces need to be honored , cherished , and included in a more gracious , spacious , and compassionate embrace . ” Ken Wilber
A number of subpoenas were issued Friday by prosecutors investigating Lehman Brothers ' demise .
At issue is whether executives misled investors involved in last year 's investment of 6 billion US dollars into the failing company .
Among those subpoenaed was former Lehman Brothers CEO Richard Fuld
Anzeige
An attorney for Lehman Brothers Holdings , Harvey Miller , told a bankruptcy court judge Thursday that at least 12 people have received grand jury subpoenas in connection with several ongoing probes of the bank 's demise .
He did n't identify which executives had been asked for information , but said the company is dealing with separate investigations by federal prosecutors in New Jersey , Brooklyn and Manhattan .
New Jersey 's attorney general has said state securities regulators there are also investigating .
Spokespeople for the U.S. attorneys in those three jurisdictions declined to comment Friday , but a person with knowledge of the subpoenas said that the subpoena recipients included Fuld and former Lehman Chief Financial Officer Erin Callan .
Anzeige
The person spoke to The Associated Press on the condition of anonymity because of the secrecy of grand jury investigations .
An attorney for Fuld did not immediately return a phone message Friday .
Callan , who now works for Credit Suisse Group , did not return a phone message .
The existence of the Fuld subpoena was first reported by the New York Post .
Anzeige
Lehman Brothers filed for bankruptcy on Sept. 15 , following a swift and stunning fall linked to bad investments and turmoil in the credit markets .
Barclays , the British bank , subsequently absorbed the company 's key U.S. units .
The speed at which Lehman failed prompted complaints by some that the company was n't honest about its financial condition in the months leading up to its collapse .
Anzeige
Federal prosecutors are reportedly looking into whether anyone at Lehman may have misled investors about its health or the value of its assets .
Back to English News homepage
The House Always Wins - The Deer Hunter ( 1978 )
Nick 's ( Chris Walken ) third Russian Roulette session carries a teeth - grinding air of inevitability , but the balletic trajectory of the crimson geyser erupting from his skull still shocks .
Speaking with an illogically soothing demeanour ( “ Shh , darling , trust me … ” ) , psycho- nurse Annie Wilkes ( Kathy Bates ) introduces the concept of " hobbling " to imprisoned writer Paul Sheldon ( James Caan ) .
Lodging a block of wood between his ankles and picking up her sledgehammer , the full horror of what she 's about to do dawns on Paul – and us .
Director Rob Reiner worried Stephen King ’s original - where Annie chops off one foot with an axe and cauterises the stump - was overly harsh .
But his brain - persecuting twist is even more twisted .
Kind of like Paul 's ankles once it 's over .
Strike Three !
- Casino ( 1996 )
Firebrand mob-midget Nicky ( Joe Pesci ) has pushed the bosses too far .
So they dupe him and his brother into a deserted cornfield meet and systematically smash them up with baseball bats .
Not at the same time , mind .
Bro ' goes first as sideshow for the restrained Nicky .
Then he gets the clunk - and - crunch treatment ...
" I 'm just depicting that way of life , " said Scorsese .
" That 's the way it really ends - your closest friend smashing you in the head with a baseball bat .
Not even a gun .
Not cutting your throat .
You 're still going to be breathing when they put the dirt on you .
If you want to live that lifestyle , that 's where you 're going to go . "
Sap , Actually - Notting Hill ( 1999 )
Still scarred from Andie MacDowell ’s
“ Is it raining ? ” discharge , we wait with dread for Richard Curtis ’ next love - gush moment ...
But nothing can prepare for the full , gooey horror of Julia Roberts ’ dimpled superstar quivering to Hugh Grant ’s floppy stooge , “ I ’m just a girl , standing in front of a boy , asking him to love her ... " ?
" Get the kid ! " - Henry : Portrait Of A Serial Killer ( 1986 )
Henry ( Michael Rooker ) and Otis ( Tom Towles ) crash into a family home and fatally attack the occupants .
The powerlessness of the family against two deranged sociopaths is chilling , as is the sexual undercurrent and the grainy camcorder viewpoint .
But a giddy pull - back - and - reveal is the clincher - we learn that the killers are actually playing the footage back at home – and we were watching with them .
Snuffed Out - Irreversible ( 2002 )
Revenge is far from sweet in the first / last scene from Gaspar Noe 's back - to - front ordeal - thriller .
After his mate Marcus ( Vincent Cassel ) has his arm snapped in a nightclub fight , Pierre ( Albert Dupontel ) pins down the attacker and clunks a fire extinguisher into his pancaking skull .
Over and over and over again .
( Noe used subtle CGI to crank the scene 's appalling realism . )
See also - the bit with the bottle from Pan 's Labyrinth .
Tobey Mugs - Spider - Man 3 ( 2007 )
In which a sexy , uncostumed Spidey ( Tobey Maguire ) with his sexy , emo , bad - Spidey floppy fringe does a sexy jazz - dance which involves whipping off his jacket in a sexy way and chucking chairs about , sexily .
Roughly about as sexy as a saucer - full of used teabags .
Me In Your Eyes - Mission : Impossible 2 ( 2000 )
John
Woo swoons over “ the romantic feel of the film ” on the DVD talk - track .
Shame it ’s Tom Cruise romancing himself .
In bed , TC clocks his taut Tommy - tummy .
Mmmmm , laydeez ...
Then he remembers Thandie Newton ’s there .
“ Damn , you ’re beautiful , ” he smarms .
Penny drops !
He ’s clocking his reflection in her eyes .
Ugh .
Head Banger - Lost Highway ( 1997 )
What is it with David Lynch and head wounds ?
If it is n’t women stumbling from car crashes with leaky scalps , it ’s sleazebags in dressing gowns flying through the air and scrunching into coffee - table corners .
Lynch lingers on Andy ’s ( Michael Massee ) furniture - themed impalement - by - forehead , too .
Is he enjoying this ?
Lip It Up And Start Again - Lost In Translation ( 2003 )
As Bob Harris ( Bill Murray ) channel - hops , a subtle film about friendship and connection channel - plummets into a crass farce of national stereotypes .
“ Rip my stocking , ” says his visiting ' premium fantasy ' woman .
" LIP them ? ” , Bob queries .
Those crazy foreigners !
And this scene benefits the film how ?
Santa Does n't Always Bring the Gifts :
Other Christmas Traditions By Alllie
In the United States we think of Santa Claus as being as old as Christmas but the character we visualize was invented by Clement Clarke Moore in 1822 in a poem he wrote for his children called " A Visit From St. Nicholas . "
You remember it " ' Twas the night before Christmas and all through the house .... "
Moore gave St. Nicholas his red suit , his sack of toys and his flying sleigh pulled by reindeer .
Before Moore , St. Nicholas , born about AD 280 , was usually shown as a staid and dignified churchman .
Moore transformed him into " a right jolly old elf " .
The early Dutch settlers in America called St. Nicholas " SinterKlaas " which Americans mispronounced as Santa Claus .
So Santa got his name .
Thomas Nast 's depiction
of Santa Claus Our Santa was further elaborated by artist Thomas Nast who drew for Harper 's Weekly starting in the 1860's .
His pictures of a plump , jolly man with a white beard completed the American vision of Santa Claus .
The American Santa Claus has become popular throughout much of the world .
In some countries he has absorbed or even replaced traditional gift givers but many traditional figures still remain .
In the Netherlands Saint Nicholas is still called Sinterklaas .
In November he arrives by boat from Spain , along with servants called Black Peter .
Crowds of people come to welcome Sinterklaas , who is dressed as a Catholic bishop and riding a white horse , as he 's greeted by the Mayor and as the whole thing is shown on TV .
The arrival of Sinterklass in the Netherlands
accomplied by Black Peters Children give carrots and water to his horse .
Sinterklaas leaves presents for children the night of December 5 , St. Nicholas 's Birthday , and then departs on December 6th .
Christmas itself is mostly a time of feasting .
Crèche Figure of
The Wise Man Balthazar
In Spain elaborate crèches and displays of Bethlehem and the manger are common .
Every family seems to have one , many of them handed down for generations .
Today it is becoming more usual for some people to give presents the evening of the 24th .
but traditionally , gift giving is on the night January 5th , Epiphany Eve .
In Spain children believe their presents are brought on that night by the Three Wise Men .
They leave out their shoes filled with carrots , straw and barley for the horses and donkeys of the Wise Men , hoping they will be visited , especially by Balthazar , who is believed to leave gifts for children .
January 6th , Epiphany , is a day of parades with candy and cake handed out to children lining the streets .
In Italy Christmas is primarily a religious celebration while Italians exchange gifts on Epiphany , January 6th , the twelfth day of Christmas .
Presents are brought by La Befana , an old woman who the wise men asked for directions to Bethlehem .
She refused because she was too busy .
Later she had a change of heart and tried to find them but could not .
Now she travels the world seeking the Christ Child to atone for turning away the Wise Men.
Dressed as a fairy queen she gives presents to good children and dressed as a witch brings bags of ashes to bad children .
Another version of this tale has her as one of the mothers who lost her son in Herod 's massacres .
Unable to accept the loss she put her child 's belongings in a tablecloth , threw it over her shoulder and went out in search of him .
She finally came upon a young child and , thinking it was her lost son , placed the cloth sack of her son's things at the base of the manager where the baby Jesus lay .
So much time had passed that she was old and gray .
In gratitude for the old woman 's gifts Jesus named her " La Befana " , " Giver of Gifts " and gave her the blessing of having one night a year to have all the children of the world as her own and on that night to be able to visit each one and leave them gifts .
La Befana
So on the night of January 5 each year she flies through the air on a broom ( or a donkey ) carrying a bag of gifts for the children of Italy .
The next morning they find their stockings filled with candy if they were good or coal if they were bad .
Each family leaves a plate of broccoli and spice sausage and a glass of wine for the old woman .
In Switzerland gifts are brought by the Christkind , who is visualized as a beautiful angel with long blond hair .
The Swiss often leave a window open at Christmas so the Christkind can enter .
Christkind
The people of Finland have almost completely adopted Santa Claus but believe that he lives in Finland , where reindeer are native rather than on the ice pack at the North Pole .
In Norway the tradition of nisser , barn little barn elves with caps like Santa , has mixed together with that of the American Santa Claus who now brings the Christmas gifts .
On New Years
Eve children go door to door collecting candy and chocolate a few hours before the fireworks .
Norwegian nisser
No matter how you celebrate Christmas ,
here 's hoping you have a merry one !!
ALLLIE ! [ an error occurred while processing this directive ]
How to Cut Out the Junk Mail
Recently , Inhabitat posted a great blog about reducing the junk mail that you get .
Many of us do n’t even think about junk mail anymore because it has become such an integral part of that walk to pick up your mail , but it really does suck .
Think about life without junk mail for a few minutes :
Millions of trees would be saved every year ;
Waste to landfill would be greatly reduced ;
Your trash / recycling cans would be lighter ;
You would n’t have to sort through piles of junk looking for hidden , more important mail ;
Mail routes would be more efficient and important stuff delivered more quickly .
So , obviously , junk mail sucks .
But what can you do about it ?
I ’ve been going through a few of the common services that I ’ve seen around and that Inhabitat mentions today and I hope that a lot of them will make a big difference .
Cutting out the junk mail
Here ’s what those of us in the U.S. can do :
Catalog Choice : Catalog Choice is easy to sign up for , and lets you search and target specific catalogs to be removed from their mailing list .
There is no wholesale “ remove me ” option , but if you get a bunch of specific things this service is complete and easy to use .
Opt Out Prescreen : Opt Out Prescreen allows you to opt out from all that annoying mail you get with credit offers and the like .
Personally , this represents the bulk of my junk mail , and I was happy to find a service that allowed for a complete opt - out without doing much work .
DMAChoice :
This service is actually from the people who send us most of our junk .
It allows you to opt out of all sorts of mail , though the credit card option just redirects to Opt Out Prescreen .
Using this service you can identify specific bits of junk mail , or you can just opt out of everything , which I did .
However , it wo n’t unsubscribe you from things from places you ’ve bought from or donated to .
Valpak :
Do you hate those valpak coupon things as much as I do ?
Opt - out from them here .
Do Not Mail Petition : Finally , take some time to sign the petition to create a Do Not Mail registry .
The Do Not Call registry has been very successful and if the government set something like this up we ’d all be a lot happier .
For the more international readers ( sorry I do n’t have resources for everybody , but if you post some links in the comments I ’d gladly add what I ’m missing ) :
Red Dot Campaign : Some of the same tools for Canadian residents .
Stop Junk Mail : Again , but for residents of the United Kingdom .
It may not be too easy
But , there are some caveats .
For example , junk mail to my home often comes with variations of the spelling of “ lane ” and the name of the town “ mount holly . ”
Also , I technically live in another town , so there are three of four town name variants for my address .
To really kill the mail I will have to enter all of these , or at least one and then monitor the addresses on continued incoming junk mail to zap the rest .
However , the overall experience in taking these steps is n’t too stressful , and I hope that it works !
If you liked this post , please sign up for our RSS Feed to get updates .
Welcome to EcoRenovator !
If you like the site and want to get automatic updates , check out the RSS feed .
Thanks for visiting !
The Explorer
The decorator module version 3 is out !
by Michele Simionato
December 14 , 2008
Summary
After a few weeks of work , version 3 of the decorator module is finally out .
The new version is a major rewrite of the original implementation , lots of things have been improved under the hood , and the documentation has had a major overhaul too .
The module is hosted on the PyPI site : http://pypi.python.org/pypi/decorator.
Advertisement
This post is intended for users of old versions of the decorator module who want to know what 's new and the reasons for the change .
Version 3 is a major release and it breaks compatibility with the past in a minor way , but I expect 99.9 % of my users to upgrade to the new version without seeing any difference .
You can download the tarball here .
Here is a list of the most relevant changes / improvements .
I have completed the move to PyPI .
For a long time I have wanted to move the package from my site ( which is hosted on the Pittsburgh University servers and completely out of my control ) to PyPI .
The first version to be hosted on PyPI was version 2.3.2 , released two weeks ago .
The impressive thing - to me , at least - is that I had 1008 downloads in thirteen days : incredible !
I have no idea of how many downloads I had for the previous versions , so I cannot compare , but from now on I can have an idea of the popularity of the module .
That 's good .
The move to PyPI was not complete however , since , the documentation for the module was still hosted on my site .
With version 3.0 , instead , everything is hosted on PyPI .
The documentation now is extracted from a Python file containing lots of doctests , following an approach that I have called geek publishing and that I have described here : http://stacktrace.it/2008/01/geek-publishing/
( I intend to translate that article and to republish it here soon or later ) .
That means that all the examples provided are doctested by using the standard Python module : I do not need to supplement a custom doctester script as I did in the past .
The documentation is extracted by using a custom script , by I do not need to distribute it , I have just included in the tarball the generated .html and .pdf files .
I have substantially modified the documentation .
Various sections have been removed .
In particular the examples redirecting_stdout and locked are no more there , since the functionality is better implemented by using the with statement instead of a decorator .
At the time of the first version of the module , in early 2005 , those examples were good examples , but Python has changed in the meanwhile .
You can still find them in the old documentation of the module , which will stay on my personal site for the foreseeable future :
http://www.phyast.pitt.edu/~micheles/python/documentation.html.
The example of a permission system based on decorators has been removed because the documentation is already quite long ( the PDF version takes 18 pages ) .
and are no more there , since the functionality is better implemented by using the statement instead of a decorator .
At the time of the first version of the module , in early 2005 , those examples were good examples , but Python has changed in the meanwhile .
You can still find them in the old documentation of the module , which will stay on my personal site for the foreseeable future :
http://www.phyast.pitt.edu/~micheles/python/documentation.html.
The example of a permission system based on decorators has been removed because the documentation is already quite long ( the PDF version takes 18 pages ) .
Various examples have been substantially improved .
For instance , the new implementation of the memoize decorator if much nicer than the old one , and it is easier to compare the approach suggested by the decorator module with the approach suggested by the standard library , i.e. functool.update_wrapper trick .
The delayed decorator example has been removed : instead a much more interesting async decorator has been added , showing how to run a blocking function in a separated thread or process .
decorator if much nicer than the old one , and it is easier to compare the approach suggested by the module with the approach suggested by the standard library , i.e. trick .
The decorator example has been removed : instead a much more interesting decorator has been added , showing how to run a blocking function in a separated thread or process .
The utility functions new_wrapper and get_info have been deprecated , since they were little used .
Their job can be better performed by the new class FunctionMaker , which is the building block over which decorator is implemented .
That allows you to define your own custom version of decorator , if you really want .
and have been deprecated , since they were little used .
Their job can be better performed by the new class , which is the building block over which is implemented .
That allows you to define your own custom version of , if you really want .
There was a long standing issue with the decorator module , i.e. the problem of extracting the source code from a decorated function .
Version 3.0 gives a workaround .
It adds an attribute .undecorated to the decorated function , a reference to the original function , so that you can get the wanted source code with the trick inspect.getsource(func.undecorated ) .
This is actually possible even in version 2.3 , but it was ( intentionally ) left undocumented , since I hoped in a better solution such as a patch to the inspect module .
However , the fix did not make it through Python 2.6 and 3.0 , so I have decided to document the workaround for the time being .
to the decorated function , a reference to the original function , so that you can get the wanted source code with the trick .
This is actually possible even in version 2.3 , but it was ( intentionally ) left undocumented , since I hoped in a better solution such as a patch to the module .
However , the fix did not make it through Python 2.6 and 3.0 , so I have decided to document the workaround for the time being .
The decorator function has been extended and now it may take one or two arguments .
decorator ( caller ) still returns a decorator , as before , but now you can also use the syntax decorator ( caller , func ) which returns directly the decorated function ; decorator ( caller , func ) is akin to decorator ( caller ) ( func ) but more efficient .
The new syntax made possible to simplify many examples and I could remove the explicit support for decorator factories which I added in haste in version 2.3 and I regretted pretty soon .
There are also a few considerations I would like to make .
From the start the decorator module was developed with the attitude of teach a man to fish : instead of providing a large API , I have provided a significant collections of examples and recipes .
The idea is that you should be able to write your own decorators by yourselves .
Version 3 of the module is going even more in that direction .
I have refactored the internals so that now you can not only write you decorators on your own , but you can also write your own decorator facility - the equivalent of decorator - by means of the FunctionMaker class .
At the same time the rewriting makes the module more of a library and less of a framework .
For instance , in past versions you were forced to write your decorators in terms of caller functions with the signature caller (f , * args , ** kw ) ; now you can write your own decorator framework and use the conventions you like .
In the documentation I give the example of decorator_apply , which is able to convert third party decorators into signature preserving decorators without rewriting them .
I did not expect the decorator module to leave so long ( it is nearly four years old already ) .
In my original intentions , the module was intended to be provisional , a workaround that should have been dropped once better support for decorators entered in the standard library .
Unfortunately that never happened .
It is true that Python 2.5 added some support for decorators in the functools module , but that support is insufficient in my opinion .
Also , I had great hopes for the Function Signature Object ( PEP 362 ) but after more than two years nothing happened .
I still hope it will become possible to change the signature of functions in future versions of Python : when that will happen , the decorator module will become obsolete and I will have less code to maintain .
Finally , I have a couple of questions for you , PyPI experts .
Is there a simple way to remove the annoying excessive vertical space in the PyPI style - sheet ?
Look at http://pypi.python.org/pypi/decorator to see what I am referring to .
I have uploaded the documentation simply by inserting raw XHTML into the long_description field of the setup.py script and running python setup.py register .
It worked but it is kind of a hack .
I see that there is the possibility to upload the documentation as a zip file , labeled as experimental feature .
I tried it by hand and it works , but I would like to know if there is a way to perform the upload automatically , with some option in the setup .py script .
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Readers have already posted 2 comments about this weblog entry .
Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Michele Simionato adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Michele Simionato started his career as a Theoretical Physicist , working in Italy , France and the U.S.
He turned to programming in 2003 ; since then he has been working professionally as a Python developer and now he lives in Milan , Italy .
Michele is well known in the Python community for his posts in the newsgroup (s ) , his articles and his Open Source libraries and recipes .
His interests include object oriented programming , functional programming , and in general programming metodologies that enable us to manage the complexity of modern software developement .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2008 Michele Simionato .
All rights reserved .
Girls have a better sense of taste than boys .
Every third child of school age prefers soft drinks which are not sweet .
Children and young people love fish and do not think of themselves as being fussy eaters .
Boys have a sweeter tooth than girls .
Teenagers taste differently .
And finally , schoolchildren in northern Denmark have the best taste buds .
The findings of the world ’s largest study so far on the ability of children and young people to taste and what they like have now been published .
The study was conducted jointly by Danish Science Communication , food scientists from The Faculty of Life Sciences ( LIFE ) at University of Copenhagen and 8,900 Danish schoolchildren .
In September , 8,900 schoolchildren from all over Denmark took part in a large - scale experiment conducted by Danish Science Communication and The Faculty of Life Sciences ( LIFE ) at University of Copenhagen .
It is the first time that such a large - scale study has been done on the sense of taste of children and young people and what they like to eat .
One of the reasons why it was possible to include so many children and young people in the study was that the experiment itself was conducted in quite an unorthodox way :
It was planned as a ‘ mass experiment ’ in conjunction with this year ’ s natural science festival at Danish primary and secondary schools .
All the participating groups of children were sent a complete kit of taster samples and very detailed instructions , and then conducted the experiment as part of their natural science classes .
The various tests were designed to quantify the ability of children and young people to discover and recognise sweet and sour tastes at varying intensities , to establish which sourness or sweetness they prefer , how many taste buds they have and , finally , the children answered a number of questions on their eating habits and fussiness over food .
Both pupils and teachers have taken the experiment very seriously : " What is most surprising is that the results are so clear and of such a high quality , " says Bodil Allesen - Holm , MSc in Food Science and Technology , who is the scientific head of the project and head of the Sensory Laboratory at the Department of Food Science at LIFE .
" The trends are very clear in all the answers from the many primary and secondary schools ; the pupils and teachers have been very thorough and accurate . "
Industry must do better , and parents could experiment more
advertisement
According to Bodil Allesen - Holm , the results provide food for thought for both the food industry – and for parents : " It is quite clear that children and young people are very good tasters , and that there are bigger variations between them than most people would expect .
There is , for example , a marked difference between boys and girls , and the ability of children to recognise tastes changes with age .
So one could easily develop more varied food products and snacks for children and young people .
For example , it is quite clear that children do not necessarily prefer sweet things .
According to the findings , healthy snacks could easily be developed for boys with slightly extreme and sour flavours . "
" This experiment has focused on taste alone , while future studies will include more sensory aspects such as smells and appearance to provide a more all - round understanding of Danish children ’s preferences , " says Wender Bredie , Professor of Sensory Science at the Department of Food Science at LIFE .
Girls are better at recognising tastes than boys
One of the many findings shows that girls are generally better at recognising tastes than boys .
They are better at recognising all concentrations of both sweet and sour tastes .
The difference is not dramatic , but it is quite clear .
It is also a known fact that women generally have a finer sense of taste than men .
advertisement
" We also asked the pupils to count ‘ taste buds ’ or organs of taste on the tongue .
However , the experiment showed that boys and girls have largely the same number of taste buds .
So it would appear that what makes the difference is the way in which boys and girls process taste impressions , " says Michael Bom Frøst , Associate Professor at the Department of Food Science at LIFE .
According to the figures , boys need an average of approximately 10 per cent more sourness and approximately 20 per cent more sweetness to recognise the taste .
Every third schoolchild would prefer not to eat sweet things
Another sensational finding is that every third schoolchild would prefer non-sugary soft drinks .
All the pupils did a blind test in which they were instructed to give scores to ten different variants of the same soft drink – with varying sweetness and sourness .
Surprisingly , as many as 30 per cent of the pupils preferred the variant which contained no sugar at all or very little .
" This is new .
In other words , soft drinks for children and young people do not always have to contain a lot of sugar , " says Bodil Allesen - Holm .
On the other hand , 48 per cent of the pupils just could n’t get enough :
They gave top marks to the sweetest of the variants .
" It may be because many pupils are quite used to drinking a lot of soft drinks and eating a lot of sweets , " says Bodil Allesen - Holm .
Boys like it wild , girls prefer more muted flavours
Funnily enough , girls generally prefer flavours which are not too strong .
Boys , on the other hand , tend to like the more extreme flavours .
Boys also have a sweeter tooth than girls – most of the boys preferred the super sweet soft drink variety .
And most boys also gave top marks to the sourest samples .
Yes , I like fish !
The study shows that when you ask the children about their likes and dislikes , they actually like fish .
As many as 70 per cent of the pupils said they like fish .
And you can safely give them exciting foods .
As many as 59 per cent of pupils do not consider themselves to be fussy eaters , and this applies to both girls and boys .
The world becomes more sour and exciting for teenagers
It would appear that you can safely notch up a gear when it comes to food , drinks and snacks for teenagers .
The study showed that their sense of taste changes noticeably :
The ability to recognise tastes increases gradually with age , and the greatest shift is seen at 13 - 14 years when children become markedly more sensitive to sour tastes .
At exactly the same time , their love of very sweet flavours starts waning .
And it is here too that many more declare they are not fussy eaters .
Past studies have shown that children who like sour things tend not to be nearly as fussy as children who are not mad about sour foods .
Those who prefer sour flavours are also more open to tasting new foods .
Pupils in northern Jutland taste champions
Pupils from northern Jutland are better tasters than all other pupils in Denmark .
The figures are clear , but the scientists cannot explain why .
Firstly , they are clearly better at recognising sour tastes .
Where most other children and young people require 0.5g of citric acid per litre to discern the sourness , children in northern Jutland need no more than 0.37g .
This is a significant difference .
Children in northern Jutland are also better at recognising sweet tastes , although children from central Jutland and Copenhagen are on a par with them .
The Pakistan Air Force ( PAF ) has been put on alert for " aggression " , local television quoted a spokesman on Wednesday .
The PAF remained focused on the Indian situation and Pakistan was all the time ready for the security and safety of its airspace , the private Geo TV quoted the PAF spokesman Humayun Waqar Zephyr as saying .
Tensions between Pakistan and India are mounting as the Indian side accused Pakistan - based militant groups of involvement in the terrorist attack in India 's financial center , which killed more that 170 people and injured over 200 .
Indian media reported on Wednesday that the Indian air force had been put on high alert .
Also on Wednesday , a Pakistan navy spokesman said the navy was put on alert to closely watch India 's movement at sea .
But analysts said that the situation between the nuclear - armed rivals has not reached at a point of any confrontation .
" If there is any provocation in India , you will have to use diplomacy .
We have used friends to defuse tension .
We have also used our foreign ministry , " Pakistani Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani told reporters in eastern city of Multan on Wednesday .
" Pakistan is a responsible state .
Being a nuclear power , we are cautious in reaction , " Gilani said .
The Pakistani prime minister said that Pakistan would carry out joint investigation into the Mumbai attacks .
Gilani confirmed that Pakistan has arrested two commanders of the banned outfits , blamed by India for Mumbai attacks last month : Zaki-ur - Rhman Lakhvi , chief operational commander of the banned Lashkar - e - Taiba , and Maulana Masood Azhar , leader of the group Jaish - e - Muhammad .
Source : Xinhua
LONDON , England ( CNN ) --
Parents who choose a stroller that seats their baby facing away from them could risk long - term development problems in their children , according to a study published Friday .
Parents are less likely to interact with children in forward - facing strollers .
The research found that children not facing the person pushing them were significantly less likely to talk , laugh and interact with their parents .
Based on a study of 2,722 parents and children , the study by Dundee University 's School of Psychology calls into question the designs of many of the world 's most popular baby strollers .
" Our experimental study showed that , simply by turning the buggy around , parents ' rate of talking to their baby doubled , " said developmental psychologist Suzanne Zeedyk , who led the research .
Zeedyk 's study , published by British charity National Literacy Trust , included an experiment in which 20 babies were wheeled in buggies for a mile , spending half the trip facing their parents and the other half facing away ,
Do n't Miss Special report : Vital Signs
Parents using face - to - face strollers were more likely to talk to their children , who were less likely to exhibit signs of stress , the study said .
" Our data suggests that for many babies today , life in a buggy is emotionally impoverished and possibly stressful , " Zeedyk said .
" Stressed babies grow into anxious adults . "
The study found that 62 percent of all children observed traveled in forward - facing prams .
For children between the ages of one and two , the figure was 86 percent .
UK child education campaigners the Sutton Trust say the study highlights the need for manufacturers to rethink the designs of strollers .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The hardest - to - treat form of tuberculosis kills half the people who get it , according to a South Korean study that is one of the few to track survival rates from the condition called extensively drug- resistant TB .
Tuberculosis is an infectious bacterial disease typically attacking the lungs .
Increasing numbers of cases of TB that defy standard medical treatment are appearing worldwide .
The study tracked 1,407 patients with two categories of TB : multidrug resistant TB , or MDR - TB , which resists at least one of the two main TB drugs , and extensively drug - resistant TB , or XDR - TB , which defies nearly all drugs used to treat TB .
Forty - nine percent of those with XDR - TB died compared to 19 percent of patients with ordinary MDR - TB , researchers led by Dr. Tae Sun Shim of Asan Medical Center in Seoul wrote on Thursday in the American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine .
The patients were diagnosed between 2000 and 2002 and were followed for up to seven years , the researchers said .
About 5 percent of the patients had XDR - TB .
D’Arcy Richardson of the Seattle - based nonprofit group PATH , which supports public health efforts in about 70 nations , called the findings important .
But she noted XDR - TB patients today likely would get more aggressive drug treatment than was given to the patients tracked in this study .
“ We have so little information on XDR - TB to begin with , ” Richardson , who wrote a commentary with two other TB experts accompanying the study , said in a telephone interview .
Cases of drug - resistant tuberculosis are being recorded around the world at the highest rates ever , with parts of the former Soviet Union especially vulnerable , the U.N. World Health Organization said this year .
Such cases account for about 5 percent of the 9 million new TB cases annually , the WHO said .
It said that 489,139 MDR - TB cases emerged in 2006 , and about 40,000 were XDR - TB .
There has been scant scientific data on long - term survival rates from XDR - TB .
“ We know that it ’s a very big problem in Eastern Europe .
We know it ’s a very big problem in Asia , particularly in India and China , where they do n’t necessarily have large percentages of MDR and XDR but because of the size of the population with TB we have significant numbers , ” Richardson said .
TB killed 1.7 million people worldwide in 2006 , the WHO said .
It can be spread by breathing in air droplets from a cough or sneeze of an infected person .
PlayStation 3 owners were brought up - to - date last week when Hot Head Games released the second episode of Penny Arcade Adventures : On the Rain Slick Precipice of Darkness .
But , if you decided to pick it up , you may want to hold off on completing it , as the title features a game - ending glitch that corrupts save files .
According to a report from PS3 Fanboy , players who select the corrupted data will experience a permanently frozen game , which gets stuck on the loading screen .
Though the problem has been pinpointed and a patch is in the works , a solution wo n't be available until after the holidays , and it 's still unclear whether or not it will fix already corrupted save files .
Given the fact that OTRSPOD was released later on the PS3 , it 's surprising that the title was n't held back in order to fix this glitch .
The timing is especially unfortunate , as gamers who downloaded the game now have to wait until some point next month for the problem to be fixed .
Hopefully , Sony 's QA department gets the fix done swiftly when work resumes in January .
I wrote about the latest jobs numbers this morning in Jobs Contract 11th Straight Month ; Unemployment Rate Hits 6.7 % .
Let 's look at some more details starting with this report :
Half - million jobs vanish as economy deteriorates .
An alarming half - million American jobs vanished virtually in a flash last month , the worst mass layoffs in over a third of a century , as economic carnage spread ever faster and the nation hurtled toward what could be the hardest hard times since the Great Depression .
Staring at 533,000 lost jobs , economists were anything but hopeful .
Since the start of the recession last December , the economy has shed 1.9 million jobs , and the number of unemployed people has increased by 2.7 million -- to 10.3 million now out of work .
Some analysts predict 3 million more jobs will be lost between now and the spring of 2010 -- and that the once - humming U.S. economy could stagger backward at a shocking 6 percent rate for the current three - month quarter .
The jobless rate would have bolted to 7 percent for the month if not for the exodus of 422,000 people from the work force for any number of reasons -- going back to school , retiring or simply abandoning job searches out of sheer frustration .
When people stop looking , they 're no longer counted in the unemployment rate .
The United States -- already in recession for a year , may not be out of it until the spring of 2010 -- making for the longest downturn since the Great Depression of the 1930s , economists are now saying .
Recessions in the mid-1970s and early 1980s last 16 months .
Unemployment peaked at 10.8 percent in 1982 , terrible but still a far cry from the Depression , when roughly one in four Americans were out of work .
Depressionomics
Deflation has already set in and it's now realistic to start talking about another " D " word , this one being depression .
Before we can use a word , we must define it .
For the sake of argument , let 's define depression as unemployment of 10 % or greater .
Now that the " R " word is officially out of the closet , can the " D " word be far behind ?
The National Bureau of Economic Research , the august body that serves as a thermometer for the U.S. economy , confirmed Monday what many already suspected :
We 're in a recession and have been for a year .
But as the economic crisis has deepened this fall , analysts and business executives increasingly have raised the prospect that we 're headed for a depression .
The most recent example came Wednesday , when a top Chrysler executive told Congress that the failure of a major U.S. automaker could " trigger a depression . "
If so , do n't expect the National Bureau of Economic Research to give us a head 's up when it happens .
" It 's just not a part of the business - cycle - dating process that the NBER has been involved in , " a spokeswoman for the bureau said .
According to the bureau 's website , " The NBER does not separately identify depressions .
The NBER business cycle chronology identifies the dates of peaks and troughs in economic activity .
We refer to the period between a peak and a trough as a contraction or a recession , and the period between the trough and the peak as an expansion . "
Table A - 12
Other Factors
Unprecedented numbers of foreclosures and bankruptcies .
Home prices have declined the most in history .
The S&P 500 was down 49 % at one point this year .
That exceeded any yearly loss during the great depression .
Mr. Wesley refuses to vote early .
“ I do n’t believe the machines work properly in general , ” he said , “ and they really do n’t work properly when they think you ’re voting for Obama . ”
Mr. Wesley ’s wife , Paris , disagrees and thinks the best thing she can do is get to her polling place before Nov. 4 .
“ I want to go early so that if I see and hear anything that ’s not in keeping with the rules and regulations , I can make a call , ” she said .
“ As far as faith in the system , I do n’t have faith in the system .
I just pray we have people in the polls who will be honest and watchful . ”
Some things have not changed since 2000 : Florida is still a battleground .
Mr. Obama and Senator John McCain , the Republican nominee , are in hot pursuit of the state ’s 27 electoral votes , which could prove crucial for victory .
Other important things have changed .
In 2004 , there were only minor glitches .
Duval County has done away with its old confusing ballot and upgraded its scanning machinery .
It also has a new elections supervisor , Jerry Holland , who has reached out to blacks and earned their respect .
The skepticism about early voting is confounding to many officials because it is intended to make voting easier and more accessible , and was recently promoted in Jacksonville by Mr. Obama ’s wife , Michelle Obama .
Mr. Holland said that the number of people , including blacks , who had turned out to vote early showed that misgivings were not widespread .
Of the 84,273 residents who had voted as of Sunday , more than 30,900 were black .
“ Obviously , we ’ve come a long way since 2000 , ” Mr. Holland said .
“ For some people , it may have taken eight years to rebuild confidence .
For others , it might take another election cycle .
The goal is to keep building confidence one voter at a time . ”
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- President - elect Barack Obama will nominate retired Gen. Eric Shinseki to be secretary of Veterans Affairs , two Democratic sources said Saturday .
Gen. Eric Shinseki retired as Army chief of staff in June 2003 .
Obama was expected to make the formal announcement Sunday -- Pearl Harbor Day -- at a news conference in Chicago .
Veterans groups appeared to support the selection .
" I am excited .
I do n't know him personally but this is a huge move , " said Paul Rieckhoff , executive director of Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America .
For years , Shinseki , a highly decorated Vietnam veteran , has been the patron saint of Pentagon critics who say the former Army chief 's sage advice was ignored in 2003 , resulting in too few U.S. troops being sent to Iraq after the invasion .
Shinseki testified before the Senate Armed Services Committee in February 2003 that " something on the order of several hundred thousand soldiers would be required " to pacify the country .
The comment infuriated some Bush administration officials , and he retired just a few months later .
Watch why Obama may have selected Shinseki »
Shinseki has never spoken publicly about his testimony , which has often been cited by critics as evidence that then Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld ignored the advice of one of his key generals .
But as Army chief of staff , Shinseki was not in the chain of command , and played no direct role in drawing up the war plans .
Pentagon sources say that , in fact , Shinseki never advocated higher troop levels for Iraq , in part because it was not his job to do so .
And sources say that just before the invasion , when asked by then - Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Richard Myers if he agreed with the war plans , Shinseki voiced no objections .
Still , Rieckhoff said , " Shinseki is a guy who had a career putting patriotism above politics .
He is a wounded veteran so he understands the plight of veterans . "
He said Shinseki would have to make key connections with the veterans community , adding , " This is a big name and it shows that he ( Obama ) is not going to treat the Veterans Affairs secretary as a low priority . "
John Rowan , president of Vietnam Veterans of America , called the reported pick an " interesting choice . "
" I am satisfied with it , " Rowan told CNN on Saturday , adding that the choice seems to be in the Obama transition team 's pattern of " bringing in strong personalities into all the positions who are n't going to ' yes ' him to death . "
" When Shinseki had his disagreements with the administration , he was n't afraid to speak up , " Rowan said .
Veterans for Common Sense also weighed in , issuing a statement " strongly " supporting Shinseki .
" In February 2003 , General Shinseki honestly and correctly assessed our nation 's military needs before the invasion of Iraq in March 2003 , " the statement said .
" This same level of candor and honesty will serve President - elect Obama well so he can quickly and accurately identify VA 's many challenges and then implement responsible solutions that take into consideration our veterans ' needs and concerns . "
Like Obama , Shinseki was born in Hawaii .
He was the first Asian - American to reach the top spot in the U.S. Army .
When a gallery to honor Shinseki was opened at the U.S. Army Museum of Hawaii in 2006 , Shinseki was humble while addressing the audience .
" I asked my Grandma Shinseki what I should say before I came here , " he said at the time .
" She told me , ' tell them you come from a good family ... and tell them you 're a good American soldier . ' "
Before he took over the Army 's top post in November 1998 , Shinseki spent his career with U.S. armored forces .
He served two combat tours in Vietnam and commanded the Army 's 1st Cavalry Division at Fort Hood , Texas .
He also served as commander of Army forces in Europe and as chief of NATO 's SFOR peacekeeping mission in Bosnia - Herzegovina .
CNN 's Adam Levine contributed to this report
All About Iraq War • Barack Obama
The documents were sent via a private email service on Facebook An Australian couple have been served with legal documents via the popular social networking site Facebook .
Mark McCormack , a lawyer in Canberra , persuaded a court to allow him to use the unusual method after other attempts to reach them failed .
The couple 's home is being repossessed after they reportedly missed payments on a loan of over A$ 100,000 ( $ 67,000 ; £ 44,000 ) .
It is believed to be the first time Facebook has been used in this way .
' Friends '
Mr McCormack says he resorted to Facebook to trace the couple after unsuccessful attempts to contact them at their home address and via email , and they failed to attend a court appearance on 3 October .
He found the woman 's page , and used details listed there such as her date of birth to argue in the Australian Capital Territory Supreme Court that she was the person in question .
Her partner was listed as one of her " friends " .
In granting permission to use the social networking site , the judge stipulated that the papers be sent via a private email so that other people visiting the page could not read their contents .
" It 's somewhat novel , however we do see it as a valid method of bringing the matter to the attention of a defendant , " Mr McCormack said .
Text message
He said he thought courts would continue to use Facebook , as long as they were sure it was reasonably likely to come to the attention of those concerned .
In the past , the Australian courts have granted permission for people to be served with legally binding papers via email or even text message .
But this is the first time they have allowed the use of Facebook , says the BBC's Nick Bryant in Sydney .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Following a slew of environmental failures by Bayer CropScience , the EPA has issued a punishment that some say does not go nearly far enough .
While the chemical giant will be required to pay about one million dollars in fines and safeguards against future disasters , the punishment will hardly put a dent in their profits , which were reported at nearly $ 5 billion in 2007 .
[ social_buttons ]
The agreement was made possible from a deal between the EPA and Bayer , and the bulk of the fines are in the form of Bayer buying pollution control devices for the city of Charleston , West Virginia .
But the local group People Concerned About MIC says that the punishments do n’t go nearly far enough .
The group is calling on the EPA to require Bayer to buy gas masks for everyone in the Kanawha Valley , as well as fund a community health study .
It may seem like a one million dollar fine is already a hefty punishment , but it only scratches the surface of Bayer ’s wrongdoings .
Aside from breaking at least five environmental laws continuously for years , Bayer ’s plant was also the site of a deadly explosion last month .
The agreement with the EPA accounts for some of the regulations that have been broken but fails to even address the fires , which killed two Bayer workers in August .
The EPA lists “ prior history of compliance ” as a reason for the lenient punishment , but I doubt that will mean very much to the families of the dead Bayer workers .
The normal deadline was extended so that comments can be left to the EPA until January 16 .
Click here to let the EPA know that Bayer needs to make reparations to those who have been wronged by their negligence .
Photo Credit : Borislav Dopudja on Stock .
Xchng
Supplier News
15 December 2008
Amsterdam , the Netherlands , Booking.com , Europe 's largest and fastest growing online hotel reservation service , donated 50,000 US $ to The Perl Foundation ( ) , to aid in the further development and maintenance of the Perl programming language in general , and Perl 5.10 in particular .
" As the programming language of choice at Booking .com , we want to give something back to the open source community of Perl developers which so generously provide us with the tools that allow us to make Booking .com the fastest growing online hotel reservation service in Europe " , said Kees Koolen , CEO of Booking.com .
" Without Perl and its dedicated developers , Booking.com would not have had the flexibility and efficiency that was required to be able to grow as quickly as we have in the past 12 years .
It has allowed us to create an ever growing team of dedicated internal developers from all over the world , who are eager to keep learning and continue improving the online hotel reservation experience " .
" We would like to express our gratitude to booking .com , " said Richard Dice , President of The Perl Foundation .
" The purpose of The Perl Foundation is to support the Perl programming language and the community that surrounds it .
This is only possible with help from other individuals and organizations who realize how remarkable Perl is and how we can all act together to continue improving it .
With their gift , which is one of the largest The Perl Foundation has ever received , booking .com has demonstrated extraordinary vision and community spirit . "
Last Thursday 11 December 2008 , Larry Wall , founder of Perl , gave the keynote speech at the half - yearly internal Booking .com IT - conference , which was attended by the 50 + person IT team of Booking.com .
Now working on Perl 6 , the programming language for the next 30 years , Larry Wall has been co-responsible for the definition of this new version of the Perl language , of which multiple implementations , such as Rakudo ( ) and Pugs ( ) , already have become available for testing .
Since the foundation of Booking.com in 1996 , apart from the Perl programming language , the company has always used open source projects , and products for its IT infrastructure such as Linux , Apache , MySQL and Java .
About Booking.com | Booking.com is part of Priceline.com ( Nasdaq : PCLN ) .
Its website attracts an average of 30 million unique visitors each month .
Booking.com works with more than 57,000 affiliated hotels in 15,000 destinations around the world .
Its services are available in 21 languages .
Booking.com currently has 24 offices in Amsterdam , Athens , Barcelona , Berlin , Cambridge , Cape Town , Dubai , Dublin , London , Loulé ( Portugal ) , Lyon , Madrid , Moscow , Munich , New York , Orlando , Paris , Rome , San Francisco , Sydney , Singapore , Stockholm , Vienna and Warsaw .
About The Perl Foundation |
The Perl Foundation is dedicated to the advancement of the Perl programming language through open discussion , collaboration , design , and code .
The Perl Foundation coordinates the efforts of numerous grass - roots Perl - based groups , including : International Yet Another Perl Conferences ( YAPC's ) , Carries the legal responsibility for Perl 5 and Perl 6 and the Artistic and Artistic 2.0 licenses , perl.org , Perl Mongers , and PerlMonks .
Posted on October 12 2015
These items have been discontinued and are no longer for sale .
If you have a great memory of them or would like us to bring them back , leave a comment on this post and let us know .
We still have lots of weird unicorn products for sale !
THE AVENGING UNICORN AND AVENGING NARWHAL
﻿ What if you had a unicorn to take care of all the irritations in your life ?
That 's the question we asked ourselves when made the Avenging Unicorn .
The Avenging Narwhal grew out of our belief that narwhals were adorable and under - appreciated when it came to arctic adorableness .
Both made multiple " worst toys ever made for kids " lists , as if they were ever marketed toward kids .
( They were n't . )
The original description
Your unicorn buddy wants to take care of all your problems
Unicorn figure that pierces irritating people
3 - 3/4 " tall hard vinyl unicorn
Includes three 3 - 1/8 " figures ( New Age Lady , Bank CEO and Mime )
Pose on your desk at work as a lighthearted threat
The Avenging Unicorn is the answer to all your dreams .
Who would n't want an imaginary ( ? ) unicorn friend that they can call forth to pierce their enemies with a mighty horn .
The Avenging Unicorn Playset has everything you need to use the power of the unicorn to rid your life of irritations .
Put the posable , 3 - 3/ 4 " tall , hard vinyl unicorn on a flat surface and then impale one of three 3 - 1/8 " tall , soft vinyl figures included ( businessman / boss , new age lady and mime ) .
Probably not good to keep on your desk if you work at a bank , a coffee house or a mimery ( that 's what they call the place where mimes work ) .
Also includes four interchangeable horns ( classic spiral , chrome , glow and pearlescent ) .
After a being discontinued for a short time , we brought back the Avenging Unicorn in a redesigned package and replaced the new age lady figure with a hipster .
THE AVENGING NARWHAL
The success of our Avenging Unicorn got us to thinking about the only naturally occurring one - horned animal , the narwhal .
Since it was an actual creature , not a fantasy , we could n't give it the same motivation as the unicorn .
We concocted the idea of angrily stalking all creatures cuter than it is .
Amazingly , we discovered that people did n't know what a narwhal was and we had to start by explaining it .
Never a good sign for a product that is supposed to make you laugh .
We have received complaints saying that the story of our narwhal contributes to school violence because it makes light of an angry loner taking revenge against better looking people .
Some people just do n't understand the complexity of the narwhal .
The original description
5 - 1/2 " long
Hard vinyl
Four detachable tusks
Includes baby seals , baby penguins and koalas to impale
The narwhal is an arctic - dwelling whale that has been called " the unicorn of the sea " due to its long pointy tusk .
There is debate about the true purpose of this tusk , but finally the truth is revealed !
The narwhal uses its tusk to impale the cute animals of the world , specifically baby seals , baby penguins and koalas .
This 5 - 1/2 " long , hard vinyl narwhal comes with four magic tusks ( crystal , onyx , ruby and ice ) to impale the three 1 - 1/2 " long , soft vinyl cuties .
Do n't let cute overrun the world , fight back with your own Avenging Narwhal !
The back of the package is loaded with " facts " about the Avenging Narwhal – Nature 's Unicorn .
For centuries , the Narwhal was the great mystery of the sea .
With the body of a whale and the horn of a Unicorn , many people believed that these fascinating creatures were harmless inhabitants of the icy waters of the Arctic Ocean .
Recent studies , however , have exposed the secret agenda of these mysterious mammals and the true purpose of their extraordinarily long pointy tusks .
The studies revealed that millions of years ago , penguins , snow seals and koalas ruled the earth .
For sustenance , they feasted upon whales , dolphins and other sea mammals to the point of near extinction .
But the Narwhal went into hiding beneath the ice of the North Pole , biding their time , planning their revenge and sharpening their tusks .
Finally , they reemerged , tusks gleaming with newfound magical power , and fought back against the adorable creatures that threatened their existence .
The battle was long , and many Narwhal were lost , but their strong will and sharp tusks were enough to stave off the cute ones temporarily .
Now , once a year , in a continuous effort to keep their enemies at bay , the Narwhal leave their homes to embark treacherous migration to Antarctica in the hunt for baby penguins and seal pups .
Many will not return ...
Along their journey , they will spend time in Australia , swimming upstream to the inland habitat of the koalas , where they will actually leap out of the water to spear the deadly koalas from their perches high in the Eucalyptus trees .
Like it 's predecessor , the Narwhal went away for a little while and was resurrected with new packaging and slightly modified story .
PM says there can be no more huge bonus payouts for top executives
Gordon Brown today said that bankers who had acted irresponsibly and taken excessive risks deserved to be " punished " .
In an interview with GMTV , the prime minister said that he was " angry at irresponsible behaviour " and that the days of big bonuses in the City were over .
When Brown unveiled his £ 500bn bank rescue plan yesterday , he refused to accept David Cameron 's suggestion that there should be no bonuses at all for executives in banks who are being bailed out by the taxpayer because they have taken excessive risks .
But this morning Brown adopted a tougher stance .
" I am angry at irresponsible behaviour , " he told GMTV .
" Our economy is built around people who work hard , who show effort , who take responsible decisions , and where there is excessive and irresponsible risk - taking , that has got to be punished . "
Brown said the banks who signed up to the rescue plan would have to accept that there could be no more huge bonus payouts for top executives .
" The days of big bonuses are over .
One of the conditions of us helping the banks is that we will have to reach an agreement about their executive remuneration , " he said .
But asked to clarify the ways in which irresponsible risk - taking would be punished , Brown 's spokesman said : " As the prime minister has been saying consistently , what we want to see is responsible risk - taking rewarded . "
He said the Financial Services Authority was already putting restrictions in place on bonuses for those organisations in receipt of taxpayers ' cash .
But the spokesman appeared to rule out the prospect of any retrospective punishments for those who have acted irresponsibly in the past .
Asked about retrospective punishments , the spokesman said : " The key issue is that we reform the financial system now , going forward . "
Yesterday Brown stressed that the banks would receive support from the taxpayer " with strings attached " .
The exact terms determining how individual banks receive support have yet to be negotiated , but Brown stressed that executive remuneration would be one aspect that would be considered .
However , when journalists asked about this at the Downing Street press conference yesterday , the chancellor , Alistair Darling , said it would be " ridiculous " for the government to determine pay levels .
Darling also suggested that bonuses would be curbed as a result of a review already being conducted by the Financial Services Authority intended to ensure that bankers are not incentivised to take excessive risks .
In his GMTV interview today , Brown attacked the way that the operations of some of the banks had left them dangerously exposed following the collapse of the sub - prime mortgage market in the United States .
" Most of this has come out of America and then affected the British banking system , but there have been abuses in our system as well and these have got to be dealt with too , " he said .
" Where these guys have taken irresponsible risks , that is completely unacceptable .
The problem is they did n't know what they were buying from America . "
Palestinians inspect the site of an Israeli air strike in the town of Rafah , southern Gaza Strip , 27 December 2008 .
( Hatem Omar / MaanImages )
A sunny Saturday in Gaza became very dark as pillars of smoke blacked out the sky of the coastal territory , while the smell of blood was everywhere .
In Rafah city in the southern Gaza Strip , three family members , including a father , a son and a nephew , were all killed as Israeli warplanes dropped bombs on the Rafah police station .
The victims were present at the Rafah police station for a routine matter , when the Israeli air strikes occurred .
They did not know that their fate awaited them right there on this “ Shabbat Shalom . ”
That is one example of the killings at what Israel alleges were Hamas “ terrorist ” outposts .
At dozens of locations , entire buildings were torn down , windows of homes were smashed and countless cars damaged .
Under the rubble lay dozens of corpses .
About 60 Israeli F - 16 warplanes attacked up to 100 targets in Gaza today , mainly police stations and charities run by Hamas .
One of the Israeli missiles landed in the sports field of the Islamic University of Gaza , home to more than 18,000 students .
Al - Shifa hospital alone , Gaza ’s largest , received scores of bodies , and hundreds of injured .
According to Dr. Moawiya Abu Hassanein , chief of emergency and ambulance service at the Hamas - run health ministry , the Israeli air assaults on Gaza claimed the lives of 228 and wounded about 700 others , 120 critically .
Abu Hassanein said that at least 15 of the dead had not been identified because their bodies had been dismembered by the Israeli bombs .
“ The death toll is on the rise as many other dead are still under rubble of destroyed buildings everywhere , ” Abu Hassanein explained , adding that scores of victims were civilians .
Al - Shifa ’s morgue could not take all the bodies while crowds of residents gathered at its gates , trying to learn if their loved ones were among those whom medical staff had not yet identified .
A young man searched among the corpses , trying to determine whether his brother was among them .
“ I have been informed by some friends that my brother has been killed today .
My brother had been in custody at the Saraya security compound in Gaza City .
A friend of mine told me that my brother was killed during shelling of the central Gaza Strip ’s police station as he was transferred there shortly before the Israeli strikes , ” explained Abu Fadi , a 33 - year - old resident of the central Gaza Strip .
That police station , on the Salah al - Din road , was completely leveled to the ground by the Israeli air strikes on Saturday .
Others around the morgue were crying over the deaths of their loved ones amid the overpowering smell of blood .
Overwhelmed with injured people , Gaza ’s health ministry lacks essential medicines and surgical supplies as a direct consequence of Israel ’s blockade which was tightened two months ago , according to Abu Hassanein .
An Israeli army spokesperson claimed Hamas knew that Israel would attack locations like police stations , and it was to blame for failing to evacuate them .
Ehab al - Ghosein , a spokesman for the Hamas - run interior ministry in Gaza , told The Electronic Intifada : “ Most of those killed today were security personnel and there were other civilian deaths .
But the role of such forces is purely civilian .
They are assigned to preserving the security of people and organizing traffic .
The dead “ are not fighters , ” al - Ghosein added .
“ We consider these strikes a deliberate action to destroy civil life and to kill as many Palestinians as possible . ”
Al - Ghosein also blamed international and Arab parties for the latest Israeli attacks .
“ What Israel did today was approved by some Arab and international players , ” he said .
As the new year approaches , it is unclear what is in store for Gaza as a six - month ceasefire between Israel and Palestinian resistance groups ended last week .
In response to the crippling blockade and the extrajudicial killing of Palestinians by Israeli forces , resistance groups in Gaza had renewed the firing of crude rockets into southern Israel .
As Israel heads to elections in February , leading politicians have been outbidding each other with promises to attack Gaza and harm Palestinians .
In the face of Israel ’s escalating violence and siege against Gaza , the United States , European Union and other world powers have done nothing to hold Israel accountable .
After today ’s bloodshed it remains unclear whether that will change and what fate lies in store for the 1.5 million people imprisoned in the Gaza Strip as Israeli tanks deploy to their borders .
Rami Almeghari is contributor to The Electronic Intifada , IMEMC.org and Free Speech Radio News and is a part - time lecturer on media and political translation at the Islamic University of Gaza .
Rami is also a former senior English translator at and editor - in - chief of the international press center of the Gaza - based Palestinian Information Service .
He can be contacted at rami_almeghari A T hotmail D O T com .
Related Links
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Jamaican me boner . " - " Excuse me , Ma'am , but why do n't you make like the economy and get fucked by me . "
[ Note : Only works if it's well - established that your nickname is ' The Government , ' or something similar . ] -
" If you can guess what number I 'm thinking of , I 'll let you have sex with me in the back of a Nissan Sentra . "
[ Note :
No matter what she says , pretend it 's the number you were thinking of .
And if sheguess the number you were thinking of , she might be a witch .
Drown her post coital . ] -
" Hey , what 's goin ' on with that vag of yours ?
Anything I 'd be interested in ? " - " Ma'am , I 'd like to show you an amazing device that 'll take you anywhere in the world . "
[ Note : Only works if she 's extremely foreign , extremely young or otherwise suffers from a mental condition that makes her unfamiliar with the concept of an automobile and , specifically , a Nissan Sentra . ]
This book is ready , HarperCollins , and you look like a fool for not picking it up .
[ subtitle ] X [ X ] Irrational Fears
That I Genuinely Suffer From [ / subtitle ] [ " Irrational Fears " is actually one of the most fascinating topics in the world , to me .
I do n't know why , but I 've always been really obsessed with it and , if you email your irrational fears to dan( at ) cracked.com , I can guarantee you that it would make my day . ]***
My Toilet Exploding
I check my toilet , on average , four times every hour , ( in addition to my regular schedule of standard toilet visits ) .
I just pop my head into the bathroom for a second to make sure my toilet is n't up to anything funny .
I can't help myself .
And I do n't do it with other appliances or pieces of furniture .
I only look at my bathtub when absolutely necessary , and I can sometimes go weeks without seeing or even speaking to my toaster .
But this fucking toilet has my number .
I believe , for no coherent reason , that my toilet will explode , or more accurately , that all of the sewage that currently hides beneath Los Angeles will get tired of being ignored and will decide to burst triumphantly out of my toilet .
Sewage would flow majestically , as if my toilet was some sort of nightmare shit fountain that hates me .
I have visions of myself staring wide - eyed and open - mouthed completely helpless , because who do I call ?
When you 're dealing with an unstoppable volcano of waste , who do you call ?
A plumber ?
The police ?
Mommy ?
Jesus ?
What could they do ?
They , like me , could do nothing to stop this .
Even a plumber is , without a doubt , unprepared for a disaster of this magnitude .
So I 'd just stand there and wait until this stopped which , in my mind , is never .
There 's no childhood fear behind this .
I 've never been witness to any out - of - the - ordinary toilet - related complications .
I do n't even know if this kind of powerful vertical shit expulsion is something a toilet is actually capable of doing .
All I have to go on is my terrible , terrible visions and this drawing I made to explain it to my therapist .
*** If the comments of this article are any indication , ( as well as the 100+ emails I 've received ) , the people of the world are just as interested in irrational fears as I am .
To speak to this desire , the lovely and talented Lounsey has decided to start a Blog wherein users can submit their own irrational fears , and waste hours reading about the fears of others .
Here is the introduction to the new edition of For a New Liberty : The Libertarian Manifesto .
There are many varieties of libertarianism alive in the world today , but Rothbardianism remains the center of its intellectual gravity , its primary muse and conscience , its strategic and moral core , and the focal point of debate even when its name is not acknowledged .
The reason is that Murray Rothbard was the creator of modern libertarianism , a political - ideological system that proposes a once - and - for - all escape from the trappings of left and right and their central plans for how state power should be used .
Libertarianism is the radical alternative that says state power is unworkable and immoral .
For a New Liberty : The ... Murray Rothbard Best Price : $ 3.99 Buy New $ 6.49 ( as of 05:35 EST - Details )
" Mr. Libertarian , " Murray N. Rothbard was called , and " The State ’s Greatest Living Enemy . "
He remains so .
Yes , he had many predecessors from whom he drew : the whole of the classical - liberal tradition , the Austrian economists , the American antiwar tradition , and the natural - rights tradition .
But it was he who put all these pieces together into a unified system that seems implausible at first but inevitable once it has been defined and defended by Rothbard .
The individual pieces of the system are straightforward ( self - ownership , strict property rights , free markets , anti-state in every conceivable respect ) but the implications are earthshaking .
Once you are exposed to the complete picture  and For a New Liberty has been the leading means of exposure for more than a quarter of a century  you cannot forget it .
It becomes the indispensable lens through which we can see events in the real world with the greatest possible clarity .
Man , Economy , and Stat ... Murray N. Rothbard Best Price : $ 23.43 Buy New $ 29.95 ( as of 08:10 EST - Details )
This book more than any other explains why Rothbard seems to grow in stature every year ( his influence has vastly risen since his death ) and why Rothbardianism has so many enemies on the left , right , and center .
Quite simply , the science of liberty that he brought into clear relief is as thrilling in the hope it creates for a free world as it is unforgiving of error .
Its logical and moral consistency , together with its empirical explanatory muscle , represents a threat to any intellectual vision that sets out to use the state to refashion the world according to some pre-programmed plan .
And to the same extent it impresses the reader with a hopeful vision of what might be .
Rothbard set out to write this book soon after he got a call from Tom Mandel , an editor at Macmillan who had seen an op -ed by Rothbard in the New York Times that appeared in the spring of 1971 .
It was the only commission Rothbard ever received from a commercial publishing house .
Looking at the original manuscript , which is so consistent in its typeface and almost complete after its first draft , it does seem that it was a nearly effortless joy for him to write .
It is seamless , unrelenting , and energetic .
The Ethics of Liberty Rothbard , Murray N. Best Price : $ 9.63 Buy New $ 19.00 ( as of 02:25 EST - Details )
The historical context illustrates a point often overlooked : modern libertarianism was born not in reaction to socialism or leftism  though it is certainly anti-leftist ( as the term is commonly understood ) and antisocialist .
Rather , libertarianism in the American historical context came into being in response to the statism of conservatism and its selective celebration of a conservative - style central planning .
American conservatives may not adore the welfare state or excessive business regulation but they appreciate power exercised in the name of nationalism , warfarism , " pro-family " policies , and invasion of personal liberty and privacy .
In the post - LBJ period of American history , it has been Republican presidents more than Democratic ones who have been responsible for the largest expansions of executive and judicial power .
It was to defend a pure liberty against the compromises and corruptions of conservatism  beginning with Nixon but continuing with Reagan and the Bush presidencies  that inspired the birth of Rothbardian political economy .
Egalitarianism as a Re ... Murray N. Rothbard Best Price : $ 3.44 Buy New $ 8.95 ( as of 07:55 EST - Details )
It is also striking how Rothbard chose to pull no punches in his argument .
Other intellectuals on the receiving end of such an invitation might have tended to water down the argument to make it more palatable .
Why , for example , make a case for statelessness or anarchism when a case for limited government might bring more people into the movement ?
Why condemn U.S. imperialism when doing so can only limit the book ’s appeal to anti-Soviet conservatives who might otherwise appreciate the free - market bent ?
Why go into such depth about privatizing courts and roads and water when doing so might risk alienating people ?
Why enter into the sticky area of regulation of consumption and of personal morality  and do it with such disorienting consistency  when it would have surely drawn a larger audience to leave it out ?
And why go into such detail about monetary affairs and central banking and the like when a watered - down case for free enterprise would have pleased so many Chamber - of - Commerce conservatives ?
What Has Government Do ... Rothbard , Murray N. Best Price : $ 2.98 Buy New $ 12.99 ( as of 12:55 EST - Details )
But trimming and compromising for the sake of the times or the audience was just not his way .
He knew that he had a once - in - a - lifetime chance to present the full package of libertarianism in all its glory , and he was not about to pass it up .
And thus do we read here : not just a case for cutting government but eliminating it altogether , not just an argument for assigning property rights but for deferring to the market even on questions of contract enforcement , and not just a case for cutting welfare but for banishing the entire welfare - warfare state .
Whereas other attempts to make a libertarian case , both before and after this book , might typically call for transitional or half measures , or be willing to concede as much as possible to statists , that is not what we get from Murray .
Not for him such schemes as school vouchers or the privatization of government programs that should not exist at all .
Instead , he presents and follows through with the full - blown and fully bracing vision of what liberty can be .
This is why so many other similar attempts to write the Libertarian Manifesto have not stood the test of time , and yet this book remains in high demand .
Similarly , there have been many books on libertarianism in the intervening years that have covered philosophy alone , politics alone , economics alone , or history alone .
Those that have put all these subjects together have usually been collections by various authors .
Rothbard alone had mastery in all fields that permitted him to write an integrated manifesto  one that has never been displaced .
And yet his approach is typically self - effacing : he constantly points to other writers and intellectuals of the past and his own generation .
In addition , some introductions of this sort are written to give the reader an easier passage into a difficult book , but that is not the case here .
He never talks down to his readers but always with clarity .
Rothbard speaks for himself .
I ’ll spare the reader an enumeration of my favorite parts , or speculations on what passages Rothbard might have clarified if he had a chance to put out a new edition .
The reader will discover on his or her own that every page exudes energy and passion , that the logic of his argument is impossibly compelling , and that the intellectual fire that inspired this work burns as bright now as it did all those years ago .
The Best of Lew Rockwell
The Best of Llewellyn H. Rockwell , Jr.
Is your money safe ?
12:49 PM Subscribe November 21 , 2008
This post was deleted for the following reason : deleted at poster 's request -- mathowie
Sure , you know about the Godfather of Soul and the King of Pop ( do you think he 's really still the King of Pop ? ) .
But there are honorifics out there for pretty much every type of music you can imagine .
Sometimes their nicknames are given by fans , and sometimes they 're given by the press .
Either way , be sure to let us know if you agree or disagree in the comments - or if you have a nomination for category not mentioned .
1. The Prince of Wails , the Nabob of Sob , Mr. Emotion " “ Johnnie Ray .
A crooner in the " ˜50s , Johnnie Ray had hits like " Cry , "  " Such a Night "  and " Just Walkin ' in the Rain . " 
He was known for his stage theatrics " “ he would fall on the floor , sob , and punch his piano .
I guess you can see where " Mr. Emotion "  comes from .
2. The Modfather - Paul Weller .
Weller is a singer - writer - guitarist , and is the man behind the " ˜70s and " ˜80s bands The Jam and The Style Council and is credited , obviously , with reviving the Mod movement .
Oasis has said that they count Paul Weller among their biggest influences .
3 . The Queen of Country - Reba McEntire .
She was declared the Queen of Country by Entertainment Weekly , but I do n't know " “ what about good old Dolly ?
4 . The Queen of the Power Ballad " “ Celine Dion .
I 'm not a fan , but it 's hard to argue with the fact that the lady does a lot of ballads that chart pretty high .
The moniker was given to her recently by the Boston Herald , which said that " This lady handles the high notes like Dean Martin used to treat his liquor :
She can hold it for what seems like forever and makes it look easy . "
5 . The Godfathers of Punk " “ The Who and The Ramones .
The Who received their title from The Rolling Stone Encyclopedia of Rock and Roll ; I believe The Ramones is a fan - based nickname .
I 'm a Ramones girl , myself , but I would never deny the influence of The Who .
6 . The Queen of Gospel / The Queen of Spiritual Singers " “ Mahalia Jackson .
Little Richard bestowed this honorific upon her ; she was really the first gospel singer to achieve superstardom .
She 's also well - known for singing just prior to Martin Luther King , Jr's I Have a Dream speech .
7 . The Prince of Motown and the Prince of Soul " “ Marvin Gaye .
The King , I believe , is Smokey Robinson .
8. The Architect of Rock and Roll " “ Little Richard .
Self - proclaimed , no less .
But can you blame the guy ?
With titles like " Tutti Frutti , "  Long Tall Sally , "  " Rip it Up "  and " Good Golly , Miss Molly , "  I think he 's earned bragging rights .
Even the Godfather of Soul himself , James Brown , said that Little Richard was the first artist ever to put some funk in rock and roll .
9 . The Godfather of Grunge " “ Neil Young .
He earned this nickname from Tower Records in 1991 for his influence on bands like Nirvana , Pearl Jam and Sonic Youth .
Kurt Cobain even quoted a Neil Young lyric in his ( alleged ) suicide note .
10 . King of the Blues - B.B. King .
C'mon , it 's built right into his name .
Some of the most talented musicians ever have called him their inspiration " “ Eric Clapton , Stevie Ray Vaughan and Jimi Hendrix , among them .
Some other honorifics include :
King of Reggae " “ Bob Marley
King of Funk " “ Rick James
Kings of the South " “ Ludacris and T.I .
Kings of Country " “ Garth Brooks , George Strait , Roy Acuff
Kings of R&B " “ R. Kelly , Usher
King of Bhangra " “ Malkit Singh
King of Skiffle " “ Lonnie Donegan
King of Swing " “ Benny Goodman
Chairman of the Board " “ Frank Sinatra
The Boss - Springsteen
Godfather of Heavy Metal " “ Ozzy Osbourne
Godfather of Punk ( singular , not a whole band ) " “ Iggy Pop , Pete Townshend
Godmother of Punk " “ Patti Smith
Godfather of Rocksteady " “ Alton Ellis
Queen of Soul " “ Aretha
Queens of Pop " “ Madonna , Whitney Houston , Janet Jackson , Mariah Carey
Queen of Tejano " “ Selena
Queen of Urban Pop " “ Aaliyah
Queen of Rock and Roll " “ Tina Turner
Queen of Blues " “ Billie Holiday , Dinah Washington
Queen of Jazz " “ Ella Fitzgerald
Queen of Hip Hop Soul " “ Mary J. Blige
Queen of Hip Hop " “ Lauryn Hill
Queen of Clubs " “ Danni Minogue
Queen of Latin Pop " “ Gloria Estefan
Queen of Disco " “ Donna Summer
Queens of Folk " “ Joan Baez , Sandy Denny , Vinjamuri Anasuya Devi ( Indian Folk )
Teen Queen of Japanese Pop " “ Namie Amuro
Princesses of Pop " “ Britney Spears , Kylie Minogue
Princess of Hip Hop and R&B " “ Ashanti
Crown Prince of Reggae " “ Dennis Brown
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
A few hundred people on Sunday marched in Brooklyn to protest last week 's fatal beating of a 31 - year - old Ecuadorean man -- an incident authorities say may have been a hate crime .
Jose Sucuzhanay was beaten December 7 after leaving a party at a church .
The demonstrators -- holding signs reading " No more hate crimes " -- walked a half - mile in the neighborhood where police say Jose Sucuzhanay was hit in the head with a bottle and beaten with an aluminum baseball bat on December 7 .
Sucuzhanay died of his injuries Friday at Elmhurst Hospital , hours before his mother arrived in New York from Ecuador , his family said .
Police said Sucuzhanay 's attackers yelled racial slurs ; no arrests have been made in the case .
One of his brothers , Diego Sucuzhanay , said Sunday he is convinced the attack was a hate crime .
" Nothing was taken from him , " said Diego Sucuzhanay , who did n't join the demonstration , opting instead to help his mother make arrangements to return the body to Ecuador .
Watch marchers protest against hate crimes »
Police said Jose Sucuzhanay and his brother Romel had left a party at a church when several men approached them in a car in Brooklyn 's Bushwick section , about a block from the brothers ' home .
The men shouted anti-gay and anti-Latino vulgarities and attacked the brothers , police said .
Romel , 34 , escaped with minor scrapes and has talked with detectives .
Police have released a sketch of one possible suspect in the case .
Police are offering a $ 22,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of anyone involved in the attack .
In a statement , New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg called the attack " a pointless and gutless crime . "
He promised authorities would find and prosecute those responsible .
Family spokesman Francisco Moya said Jose Sucuzhanay had lived in the United States for more than a decade and was a legal resident .
Diego Sucuzhanay said Jose set up a successful real estate business in a low - income area , thinking he could make a difference there .
He said his brother wanted to help everyone and hired a diverse team , including four African - Americans and two Latinos .
He was raising two children : a 9 - year - old son and 4 - year - old daughter .
" We were proud of him , " Diego Sucuzhanay said .
He said the family had wanted Jose 's mother to get to his bedside before he died .
Doctors told them Jose was brain dead since the attack , and that machines kept him alive until his heart failed Friday .
At a press conference Sunday outside the hospital , Diego Sucuzhanay touched his chest and said : " My heart is broken , but my brother 's [ memory ] will live on . "
Asked in an interview with CNN how his brother would be remembered , he paused several seconds and answered : " For being the victim of a hate crime . "
Though he did n't participate in the demonstration , he said he was grateful to those who did , and that everyone needs to practice tolerance .
" We definitely have to speak out , " he said .
All About New York City • Hate Crimes
Controversial “ ex - gay ” right - wing preacher James Hartline offers a clearheaded explanation of the cause of the wildfires raging in California – it ’s the fault of the gays :
God keeps trying to get their attention .
They , for their part , are shouting so loud for the acceptance of homosexuality , that they cannot hear the thunderous warnings of God : “ Repent !
For the judgment comes soon ! ”
Each time homosexual activists attempt to force their agenda on California , there have been raging , massive , incinerating fires sweeping across the California landscape .
Today , people are running for their lives as 800 California homes have burned down and the firestorm is spreading like a nuclear holocaust .
Yet , the radical homosexual anarchists rampage upon the streets of this state demanding the destruction of marriage and family , and the establishment of their socialistic dark vision for society .
You see , the problem is this : God has plans for California in the near days ahead .
Thus , these attempts to force an ungodly tyranny on this state are being met blow with blow by God .
God is saying , “ California shall be a refuge for America when the catastrophes come .
California belongs to Me , not the advocates of sexual anarchy . ”
The more that homosexual activists press their battle in California , the more there will be great calamaties in this state .
Go ahead , challenge the Lord Thy God in this season .
For I have heard the voice of the Lord say , “ This state belongs to God !
It is not the land of degradation and immorality anymore .
I shall have My way , for this land , I created .
And this land is Mine ! ” thus saith the Lord .
Welcome to my website .
I hope it will provide you with useful information about my campaign to become the Democratic nominee for U.S. Senator from Illinois in the 2004 election .
This is a very critical election for our families , our communities , our state and our nation .
In the past three years , America has lost its way .
Under the Bush Administration and Republican Congress , working families are struggling .
Failed economic policies have left millions of people without employment and millions more without adequate health coverage or access to a quality education for their children .
The poor and disadvantaged are falling further behind .
We need to change direction in Washington and live up to our promise as a country .
If you share my outrage at our current course , and my determination to change it , then I ask you to join me in this most important fight .
I believe that America has the resources to expand the economy , employ those who want work at a living wage , educate our children to compete in a global economy , provide basic health care to all Americans , and help insure a dignified and secure retirement for our elderly .
With your support in this campaign , we can make our voices heard in Congress and put our government back on the side of the people .
We invite you to share your views and ideas on how we can win this campaign - and bring the changes we need in Washington .
Sincerely ,
Christophobia ?
Rick Warren scandal ' getting weirder ' : Maddow David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Wednesday December 24 , 2008
Print This Email This MSNBC 's Rachel Maddow believes that the uproar over Barack Obama 's selection of Pastor Rick Warren to deliver his inaugural invocation might have been subsiding by now , except that Warren himself -- very much like Reverend Jeremiah Wright last spring -- has stirred things up again with a video address in which he accuses his critics of being " Christophobes . "
" Not only it is getting worse , " commented Maddow , " it 's getting weirder . "
In the 22 minute message to his congregation placed on his website last Sunday , Warren first denied ever " equating gay partnership with incest and pedophilia " -- which Maddow quickly disproved with a clip of him doing just that -- and then went on to attack his critics for their " false accusations , attacks , outright lies , and hateful slander , and really a lot of hate speech . "
" It 's what I would call ' Christophobia . ' "
Warren concluded .
" People who are afraid of any Christian . "
" Might those people possibly just be Pastor Rick - o - phobes ? " Maddow asked .
Maddow was joined by Nation columnist Katha Pollitt , who commented , " Rick Warren , I think when you said he confuses himself with Christ , I think you 're onto something .
The man obviously has a colossal ego .
...
This is a big opportunity for him . "
Pollitt added , however , that " I thought that the things you noticed would fly by the people that that was aimed at who share those beliefs .
They also think that they 're the real Christians , so if you do n't like Rick Warren , you do n't like Christ . "
However , not everyone who thinks of themself as a real Christian does approve of Rick Warren .
Wiley Drake , the pastor of a Southern Baptist church in Orange County , California has been bashing Warren for agreeing to appear at the inauguration .
In a widely - distributed email , Drake -- who does not believe that Obama is an American citizen -- thundered that " God will punish " Warren for his " recent plan to invoke the presence of almighty God on this evil illegal alien . "
In a later interview , Drake explained , " It 's an abomination before God and God 's going to deal with that . "
Download video via RawReplay.com
ONTARIO RISES UP AGAINST PROPOSED MARIJUANA LAWS
Global Marijuana March ( GMM ) Celebrates 20th Anniversary at Queens Park
[ Toronto , ON ] ( May 3rd 2018 ) – The 20th Annual Global Marijuana March ( GMM ) in Toronto is set for this Saturday kick off at high noon at Queens Park North .
GMM takes place in over 500 cities across the globe , with Toronto being the largest in North America .
At 2 PM GMM will be lead by Jodie Emery , taking off north of Queen ’s Park travelling to Bloor , East to Yonge , south to Wellesley returning to Queen ’s Park for the RISE UP Ontario Rally at Queens Park South at 4 pm .
“ The Global Marijuana March is an international day of cannabis celebration and protest against prohibition .
Canada still has n’t yet legalized cannabis , and more delays simply mean more ongoing injustice , ” emphasized Jodie Emery .
After the march , the media is invited to join industry leaders , political candidates , medical cannabis patients , recreational consumers , private cannabis business owners and supporters uniting for a political rally presented by Sensible Ontario 4 pm in front of the provincial legislature .
The goal of this rally is to bring much needed attention to the major issues surrounding the Ontario government ’s proposed cannabis retail monopoly , while cannabis lounges remain unregulated for now : “ Ontario is now looking at a progressive and realistic approach to cannabis consumption .
We are hopefully that cannabis lounges will be potentially included in the future provincial framework , ” says Hotbox Cafe founder Abi Roach , a Director of the Ontario Cannabis Consumer & Retail Alliance ( OCCRA ) which launched the Sensible Ontario campaign to make cannabis private retail an election issue .
“ Several provinces have recognized private retail , or are embracing a mixed model approach including BC , Alberta , Saskatchewan and Manitoba .
It ’s time for Ontario to embrace a new paradigm for cannabis retail that ’s inclusive to those who have been disproportionately impacted by the war on drugs , ” echoed OCCRA Director Tyler James , who is launching the campaign for cannabis amnesty at the rally .
Anti-gay marriage groups alarmed at the election of a gay - affirming president are readying their forces and shoring up their defenses to protect the federal Defense of Marriage Act ( DOMA ) .
The Alliance for Marriage Foundation , the group who drafted the Marriage Protection Amendment ( MPA ) in Congress , unveiled a new website at www.ProtectDOMA.org on Monday .
The online resource gives facts and information about the law that forbids any federal agency from recognizing legal gay marriage .
The law also allows states to ignore legal gay marriages performed in another state .
The legislation was authored by then - Republican Georgia Representative Bob Barr and signed into law by then - President Bill Clinton in 1996 .
Proponents argued that without the legislation gay activists would win the right to marry in a single state and foist it upon the rest of the nation .
In the mid-1990 's such a state was Hawaii .
In 1993 , the Hawaii Supreme Court ruled in Baehr v. Lewin that it was unconstitutional to refuse gay couples the right to marry .
However , the court stayed the ruling and by 1998 the state had passed the first - ever gay marriage ban amendment in the United States , essentially overruling the court 's decision .
“ The repeal of DOMA is the legislative Holy Grail for activists who want to impose their radical social agenda upon America through the courts , ” said Rev. Sam Rodriguez , Jr. , an AFM Advisory Board member and president of the National Christian Leadership Conference ( NHCLC ) in a statement announcing the new effort .
The election of President - elect Barack Obama places the federal DOMA in peril .
While Obama does not support gay marriage , he has said he believes in repeal of the federal DOMA and granting gay couples civil unions .
“ [ President - elect Obama ] believes we need to repeal the Defense of Marriage Act and enact legislation that would ensure that the 1,100 + federal legal rights and benefits currently provided on the basis of marital status are extended to same - sex couples in civil unions and other legally - recognized unions , ” the Obama - Biden transition website says .
During the presidential campaign , Obama discussed how he would prefer to handle the repeal of the federal DOMA with gay weekly Philadelphia Gay News publisher Mark Segal , who asked if he would back a lawsuit to unseat the anti-gay legislation .
“ I would want to review carefully any lawsuit that was filed , ” Obama answered .
“ This is probably my carryover from being a constitutional lawyer .
Here 's where I can tell you [ what ] my principle is : DOMA was an unnecessary encroachment by the federal government in an area traditionally reserved for the state .
I think that it was primarily sent as a message to score political points instead of work through these difficult issues .
I recognize why it was done .
I 'm sympathetic to the political pressures involved , but I think that we need to bring it to a close and my preference would be to work through a legislative solution .
I would also point out that if it 's going before this court , I 'm not sure what chances it would have to be overturned .
I think we 're going to have to take a different approach , but I am absolutely committed to the concept it is not necessary . ”
The upcoming 111th Congress ' political ideology will differ greatly from the 85 % majority that ratified the federal DOMA in 1996 , setting the stage for possible repeal .
Proponents of federal DOMA , however , argue that the passage of three constitutional gay marriage bans on Election Day – in California , Arizona and Florida – gives them the political capital needed to keep the prohibition in effect .
“ The new Congress gives President - elect Barack Obama the legislative numbers he needs to overturn DOMA , ” said Rodriguez .
“ But will Congress follow his agenda or stand with the vast majority of Americans who believe marriage is between a man and a woman . ”
Most states no longer need the law – forty - five states prohibit gay marriage , thirty by constitutional amendment .
Only the District of Columbia , New York , New Jersey , New Mexico and Rhode Island have yet to define marriage , but most of those states lean left already .
Gay couples in New Jersey and the District of Columbia are granted civil unions or domestic partnerships , while New York , New Mexico and Rhode Island recognize legal gay marriages performed elsewhere .
However , federal agencies such as the IRS might need to recognize gay couples who have married legally ( available in Massachusetts , Connecticut and six countries ) or entered into a civil union / domestic partnership ( available in ten states ) .
A defensive posture on the federal DOMA before Obama 's commitment to gay rights – and Congress ' resolve in following him – has been tested suggests the AMF is taking the risk of repeal seriously .
The Human Rights Campaign , the nation 's largest gay and lesbian rights organization , lists repeal of federal DOMA as a top priority .
By Helen Briggs
Health reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Scientists have discovered that a blind person can navigate through a maze of obstacles unaided using undiscovered sensory pathways alone .
The man , left blind by a stroke , was able to walk around chairs and boxes without bumping into them using hidden pathways in the brain .
The study suggests we all use subconscious brain resources and can do things we think we are unable to do .
The Harvard Medical School research is published in Current Biology .
These are very exciting findings but it will require further research
Sonal Rughani , RNIB
The patient , known only as TN , was left blind after damage to the visual ( striate ) cortex in both hemispheres of the brain following consecutive strokes .
His eyes are normal but his brain cannot process the information they send in , rendering him totally blind .
However , he was previously known to have what is called " blindsight " - the ability to detect things in the environment without being aware of seeing them .
For instance , he responds to the facial expressions of others .
But he walks like a blind person , using a stick to track obstacles and requiring guidance by others when walking around buildings .
A video recording shows him completing the obstacle course set up by the scientists " flawlessly " , without the aid of his cane or another person .
Lead researcher Dr Beatrice de Gelder of Tilburg University , The Netherlands , and Harvard Medical School , US , said TN was " not aware of doing anything exceptional " and thought all he had done was walk straight ahead along a long corridor .
It is an important message for those with brain damage in particular , she said .
" You can experience a total loss of your cortical vision but still retain some capacity to move around inside and out without damage to yourself , " she told the BBC .
" It shows us the importance of these evolutionary ancient visual paths .
They contribute more than we think they do for us to function in the real world . "
The research was carried out together with colleagues in the UK , Switzerland and Italy .
Sonal Rughani , optometrist and senior advisor to the UK charity , the RNIB , said it was a striking observation , and further evidence that the brain is very flexible .
But she said relatively few numbers of people were left blind through brain injury , and most people with sight problems following a stroke could be helped by complex therapy regimes .
" These are very exciting findings but it will require further research , " she added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As always , every attempt to justify torture inevitably returns to the mythical ticking time - bomb scenario , and we are now to the point that we need a sort of Godwin ’s Law for this , as it is inevitable that any discussion of torture will lead to ticking time bomb scenarios .
In the most recent version , Reuel Marc Gerecht takes us back to September 7th , 2001 , and says , basically - “ What about then ?
Then would you torture ? ”
It just never stops .
The blockbuster of the Venice Biennale of Architecture is a quirky 58 minute film by Ila Bêka and Louise Lemoine .
Koolhaas Houselife visits one of the masterpieces of contemporary architecture : the Maison à Bordeaux designed in 1998 by Rem Koolhaas / OMA .
The Dutch architect designed this house on three levels with moving walls and sliding floors .
The lower level is carved from the hillside as a series of caverns , and serves for communal family life .
The middle level of glass is designed to accommodate the husband , who is confined to a wheelchair .
The third level is divided into sections for the husband , wife , and children .
At the center of each level is an elevator platform that moves up and down between levels .
The movie engages with the Biennale ’s theme ‘ Out there – architecture beyond buildings ’ by trying to uncover what happens after a house that has been plastered all over the glossy magazines is left in the hands of the owners .
The peculiarity of the movie is that it presents this icon of contemporary architecture through the eyes of Guadalupe Acedo , the cleaning lady , and the other people who look after the building .
The charming and devoted cleaning lady struggles with the heavy curtains , the narrow staircase , the either oddly shaped or gigantic glass panels , etc .
Clearly this house has not been designed for the people who have the bad idea to live outside of architecture magazines .
Once in a while you can hear Guadalupe whisper gems such as : ‘ If I had money , I would not build a house like this . ’
One of the highlights of the video is this snippet of interview which shows a Koolhaas surprised by Guadalupe ’s take and treatment of his building : ‘ You see here two systems colliding : the system of the platonic conception of cleaning with the platonic conception of architecture . ’
Meet Guadalupe as she goes up the open lift :
This way for trailer 2 .
I ’m with you Guadalupe !
i lived 3 years in an ‘ architectural masterpiece ‘ , waking up to the sound of tourists ringing my doorbell to get a sneak peek at the inside of the house , trying to figure out where to buy furniture that would fit the stupidly curvy walls and being burgled every single year because the alarm system was so delicate that we had to turn it off most of the time for fear that it would drill holes through the heads of the whole neighbourhood when we got up at night to visit the bathroom .
Guadalupe ’s experience also reminded me of the Vitra Fire Station in Weil am Rhein .
I visited the place a few years ago with a local guide who explained us that it had been designed by Zaha Hadid as a working firehouse within the Vitra furniture design and manufacturing complex .
However , the firemen found the building impossible to live and work in .
Now the edifice is used by Vitra as a showplace for part of its permanent collection of chairs .
Looks great on images though !
Check out Gizmodo ’s interview with Ila Bêka .
And if you ’re in the neighbourhood , the Venice Biennale of Architecture is screening the movie in a stuffy little room of the Italian Pavilion until November 23 , 2008 .
Edgar Gonzalez is preparing a tour of Spain for the movie but the dates of the screenings have not been released yet .
Stay tuned !
Im IBKA haben sich nichtreligiöse Menschen zusammengeschlossen , um die allgemeinen Menschenrechte – insbesondere die Weltanschauungsfreiheit – und die konsequente Trennung von Staat und Religion durchzusetzen .
Wir treten ein für individuelle Selbstbestimmung , wollen vernunftgeleitetes Denken fördern und über die gesellschaftliche Rolle von Religion aufklären .
Lighting effects are often used in modern web design to give a site an interesting and different look .
Several months ago I published 40 Photoshop Tutorials for Lighting and Abstract Effects , which includes plenty of tutorials that can help you to get this type of look in your own work .
Now , I ’d like to share this gallery of sites that are putting those techniques into practice .
For more design inspiration please see :
Color Charge
365 Days of Astronomy
Pixelight Creative
Cosmive
Oakes Design
FMCommunication
Drew Wilson
Razvan Pavel
You and I Graphics
Sebcreation
Michael Austin Productions
Designed by Dave
Fernando Sergio
James B
OKB
Stuart Anderson
Sugarrhyme
Mozami
Studio 7 Designs
UbicWay
Quilo
Dreamwire
For more design inspiration , see :
[ In answer to the question of whether it is appropriate for an atheist to celebrate Christmas : ]
Yes , of course .
A national holiday , in this country , cannot have an exclusively religious meaning .
The secular meaning of the Christmas holiday is wider than the tenets of any particular religion : it is good will toward men — a frame of mind which is not the exclusive property ( though it is supposed to be part , but is a largely unobserved part ) of the Christian religion .
The charming aspect of Christmas is the fact that it expresses good will in a cheerful , happy , benevolent , non-sacrificial way .
One says : “ Merry Christmas ” — not “ Weep and Repent . ”
And the good will is expressed in a material , earthly form — by giving presents to one ’s friends , or by sending them cards in token of remembrance . . . .
The best aspect of Christmas is the aspect usually decried by the mystics : the fact that Christmas has been commercialized .
The gift - buying . . . stimulates an enormous outpouring of ingenuity in the creation of products devoted to a single purpose : to give men pleasure .
And the street decorations put up by department stores and other institutions — the Christmas trees , the winking lights , the glittering colors — provide the city with a spectacular display , which only “ commercial greed ” could afford to give us .
One would have to be terribly depressed to resist the wonderful gaiety of that spectacle .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Okay , here ’s the good news :
Unlike other nonprofits , Mother Jones did not invest its portfolio with ponzi master Bernie Madoff .
But here ’s the bad news :
In recent weeks , we ’ve heard from major donors saying that they ’ve taken such a beating in the market , they have no choice but to pull funding they already promised to us — funding that was paying for our kick - ass reporters in Washington .
This is not General Motors - size money we ’re talking about — about $ 125,000 so far has evaporated — but for an organization our size , it is a big chunk , especially at a time when we ’re already slashing the budget to deal with the broader financial crisis and the severe downturn in print advertising .
Managers are taking pay cuts , we ’ll be running somewhat smaller issues , we ’re subletting office space , but at this point the only way to reduce expenses even further is to lay off reporters and cut back on investigating the powers that be .
That ’s the last thing we want to do : With Washington in transition and billions flying out the door , someone has to dig into where the bailout money is going .
This is where you come in .
We ’re not asking you to pay for private jets or chauffeured Town Cars ; every penny of your donation goes to the overworked , underpaid investigative reporters whose work you see here every day .
Anything helps , and it ’s super easy — just follow this link .
Think about it : Right now the Wall Street bailout has each and every one of us on the hook for $ 11,600 and counting .
We ’ll keep track of your money for a lot less than that .
Invention to Clean Up Gold Mining , Improve Miner Health
November 14th , 2008 by Alex Felsinger
A Peruvian engineer has created a device that drops the use of mercury in the gold mining process by instead using “ a foam flotation process with simple gravitational techniques ” to separate gold from rocks.[ social_buttons ]
The most commonly used process in developing countries uses mercury to separate the gold from the ore , and then burns off the mercury leaving only gold .
The mercury pollutes ground water initially and the air once burned , affecting the health of miners and nearby residents alike .
While alternatives exist , the process is the most efficient for low gold - yielding ore .
Carlos Villachica and his daughter Joyce , also an engineer , designed the ECO - 100 machine and have already put it into production .
While it is already being used by miners in a Madre de Dios gold mine , the product will not officially debut until the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation Summit on November 20th .
The machine is estimated to cost around $ 2,000 USD and can be used by six to ten miners simultaneously .
Photo Credit : Kevinzim on Flickr under Creative Commons license
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Clearly catering towards the wants , nay , needs of the average American couch potato is TiVo and Domino 's Pizza , which have collaborated in order to bring on - sofa pizza ordering to broadband - connected TiVo subscribers .
If you 'll recall , this service was actually announced for Australia earlier this month , but users in the US of A get the first chance to indulge .
' Course , this is far from the first unorthodox method of ordering pizza , and the lack of a scheduled delivery option is certainly a weak point , but this widget does reveal that all sorts of differentiating applications could eventually find their way to a TiVo box near you .
Feel free to give it a spin tonight , but do n't blame us if that backlit remote gets dimmed from grease seeping into the crevices .
[ Via ZatzNotFunny
An online shop in Japan has seen an extraordinary demand for its newest product : bras for men .
More than 300 have been snapped up in two weeks
This video is no longer available as our copyright period has expired
Su Yinyin 's family were thrilled when she won a place at university .
As impoverished farmers , they knew it promised a comfortable middle - class life and a giant step up the social ladder for their daughter .
But now Su , 21 , is wondering whether she can reach the next rung .
As she looked around the heaving employment fair in Beijing , where 10,000 job - seekers vied for the attention of recruiters , she acknowledged that her parents ' pride was increasingly tinged with anxiety .
" When I became a student , it was both happy and worrying for my family , " she said .
" We are not rich .
I took loans for university .
I just hope I can get a stable job after graduation and repay them . "
More than 6 million Chinese students left university this year and up to a quarter are still struggling to find work .
As the global slowdown bites , students such as Su know it can only get worse .
" The grim economic situation poses an unprecedented challenge for college graduates to get a proper job , " the ministry of education warned yesterday .
But the problems predate the crisis and mark both a success and failure on China 's part .
" The number of graduates increased too quickly - by 2006 there were already five times more than in 1999 .
The labour market can't take that big an increase in such a short time , " said Professor Yang Dongping of the Beijing Institute of Technology , the author of a report on graduate employment .
The expansion of higher education reflects China 's aspirations : the world 's factory needs more skilled workers to move up the chain , away from cheap mass production .
Yet there are not yet enough higher - end jobs .
Four million graduates in recent years have yet to find their first job , according to officials .
However , the true figure is probably higher as the current system relies on reporting by universities , who have a vested interest in showing that graduates can find work .
Graduates are now competing with people made redundant .
" I 've had interviews , but they want people with experience , " said Liu Jing , who has been job - hunting for six months .
" There are more graduates , so there are more competitors for every post . "
Like
Su , she hails from a farming family ; she had hoped to earn 2,000 - 3,000 yuan ( £ 200 - £ 300 ) a month to pay off her 20,000 yuan education bill .
Now the 21 - year - old will settle for 1,000 yuan .
Higher expectations are clashing with the deteriorating economic reality .
Until 1981 , the government assigned jobs , with those who dreamed of becoming engineers sometimes ending up as cooks or clerks .
But while their parents took the work they were given , these students grew up in an age of personal choice .
They expect fulfilling jobs and good remuneration ; few want to leave the big cities or take up underpaid teaching work .
Guo Qing , 22 , should not have been at the fair at all : he found a design job after graduating this summer .
But he admitted he packed it in not long afterwards .
" I was very picky when looking for jobs before .
I felt this or that did n't fit me .
Later I realised it was my problem , psychologically , " he said .
" Our education was idealistic .
But you realise the gulf between realism and idealism once you reach the real world .
When you 're job hunting you have to be practical . "
Yang thinks China needs to change , too .
" Only 6 % of the labour force has higher education , much lower than in most developed countries .
There have to be structural problems , " he said .
Spending per student has slumped by almost two - thirds and most investment has gone into new buildings .
Yang said that meant a drop in teaching quality and an explosion in liberal arts courses , while resource - hungry subjects such as engineering have lagged behind .
The government is reining back expansion and promising more help with job - hunting .
But many of this year 's graduates are hoping for more direct support .
On Sunday , a record 775,000 applicants sat civil service exams - 130,000 more than last year - for only 13,500 jobs .
" I did n't think of beating so many candidates , " one graduate told the state media .
" But I have to - because I 've submitted my résumé to about 60 firms and got only 10 replies , and no offers . "
• Additional research by Chen Shi
By Casey
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
We had such a great response to last Wednesday ’s post on geeky tattoos that we decided to do something a little different for our weekly pic post .
Please note that some of the pictures you ’ll see below can be enlarged by clicking on them .
Also , if you want to use these pictures for any purposes , please make sure to read the disclaimer at the end of this post .
Meet Bathory .
She ’s a DJ / Graphic Designer / Actor from Toronto , and she loves Star Wars .
A lot .
The amazing piece of Star Wars art that covers her entire left arm took tattoo artist Shane Faulkner sixty hours to complete .
The images include a clone trooper , Jango Fett , and Kamino , the watery world where the clone army was created .
Bathory ’s sleeve won first place in the large color category in the official Star Wars tattoo contest at Celebration 3 in Indianapolis .
You can go here to see more pictures , including close - ups ( the detail work is impressive ) and the rest of her ( non- Star Wars ) tattoos .
These photographs were taken for the coffee table book The Force in Flesh .
If you ’re interested in seeing more cool tattoos like Bathory ’s , that ’s the place to look .
At the very least , you should check out the top ten craziest Star Wars tattoos .
Now that ’s a sexy geek .
Disclaimer : Please note that these pictures are copyrighted and that we ’ve received written permission from Bathory and her photographer to use them .
If you ’d like to use them for ANY PURPOSES , feel free to contact us so you can be put in touch with them .
Bathory specifically requests that you do not print her photos and take them to another tattoo artist as reference for your own tattoo .
PHILADELPHIA --
At Society Hill Loan , a pawnshop in a middle - class neighborhood here , a steady rain fell outside as a fashionably dressed young man parked his Cadillac Escalade outside .
Looking around warily , he came in to speak with Nat Leonard , co-owner of the store .
The visitor was a 29 - year - old engineer who was laid off earlier this year from one of the local chemical companies .
Since then , he 's been cleaning planes at the airport for less than half the salary he was earning a year ago .
Now ...
This story was reported by Globe Spotlight Team members Scott Allen , Marcella Bombardieri , Michael Rezendes , and editor Thomas Farragher , as well as Liz Kowalczyk and Jeffrey Krasner of the Globe staff .
It was written by Allen and Bombardieri .
As his patient lies waiting in an adjacent exam room , Dr. James D. Alderman watches while an assistant reaches into a white envelope and pulls out a piece of paper that will determine where the man will be treated .
Big money is on the line .
Alderman , an interventional cardiologist , plans to open the patient 's clogged coronary artery by inserting a flexible tube with a tiny balloon at the tip .
Usually he does the procedure , called angioplasty , at MetroWest Medical Center in Framingham .
But he sometimes operates in Boston as part of a research program .
One time of every four , by the luck of the draw , Alderman and his patient go to a big teaching hospital in the city .
If the white slip of paper directs him to do the procedure in Framingham , the insurance company will pay the hospital about $ 17,000 , not counting the physician 's fee .
If Alderman is sent to Brigham and Women 's Hospital in Boston , that hospital will get about $ 24,500 - 44 percent more - even though the patient 's care will be the same in both places .
" It 's the exact same doctor doing the procedure , " said Andrei Soran , MetroWest 's chief executive .
" But the cost ?
It 's unjustifiably higher . "
Call it the best - kept secret in Massachusetts medicine : Health insurance companies pay a handful of hospitals far more for the same work even when there is no evidence that the higher - priced care produces healthier patients .
In fact , sometimes the opposite is true : Massachusetts General Hospital , for example , earns 15 percent more than Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for treating heart - failure patients even though government figures show that Beth Israel has for years reported lower patient death rates .
Private insurance data obtained by the Globe 's Spotlight Team show that the Brigham , Mass .
General , Children 's Hospital , and a few others are , on average , paid about 15 percent to 60 percent more than their rivals by insurance companies such as Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts and Harvard Pilgrim Health Care .
The gap is even more striking for many individual procedures , which can be two or three times more expensive in one hospital than in another .
This payment pattern has become a driving force in the state 's galloping healthcare costs , and it raises hard questions about why certain hospitals and physicians receive premium pay for care that is no better than that of their competitors .
Until now , the growing pay gap has not been subject to public scrutiny because contracts between insurers and hospitals typically include confidentiality agreements .
But an ongoing Spotlight Team investigation of healthcare in this state found scores of payment disparities for routine procedures in which there is no obvious difference in quality .
Consider : Children 's Hospital typically gets about $ 1,100 for making an MRI of an ankle or a knee , not counting the physician 's fee .
Insurers pay Boston Medical Center $ 490 for the same procedure , using a similar high - tech machine .
The technician who makes a simple chest X - ray to help diagnose pain or an insistent cough brings in $ 75 at Anna Jaques Hospital in Newburyport .
Mass .
General earns more than twice as much , $ 160 , for producing the same image .
The cost of Catherine Murphy 's care was $ 5,309.15 for two days in Winchester Hospital to treat the pneumonia she contracted soon after her wedding earlier this year .
Had she gone to Brigham and Women 's instead , similar care would have cost more than $ 9,000 , according to a Spotlight Team analysis of insurance records .
The dramatic payment gaps have emerged over the last decade as hospitals pushed , with varying levels of success , to offset federal budget cuts by boosting their income from insurance companies , health executives say .
The resulting wide range of payments for the same services reflects a healthcare system in which deregulation and lax government oversight have allowed the hospitals with the most clout to extract big increases from insurers while everyone else falls behind .
" The same service delivered the same way with the same outcome can vary in cost from one provider to the next by as much as 300 percent , " said Charles Baker , president of the state 's second - largest health insurer , Harvard Pilgrim Health Care .
" There is no other sector of the economy anywhere in this country in which that kind of price variability with no appreciable difference in service or product quality can sustain itself over time . "
Health insurance premiums paid by the average Massachusetts family have jumped 78 percent since 2000 , and Baker believes that a significant portion of the rise has been driven by hefty insurance payment increases to dominant providers , who use the extra income to install the latest technology and expand , often on rivals ' turf .
At the same time , the pay gap undermines less powerful hospitals , whose officials say that they steadily lose doctors to those that can pay more , and that they constantly struggle to keep pace with advances in costly medical technology .
For instance , while Mass .
General is spending $ 686 million on the single most expensive hospital expansion in state history , the state 's second - largest hospital chain , Caritas Christi , had to borrow money this year to pay for basics , like oxygen tanks .
" The playing field is dramatically unlevel , " said Dr. John Chessare at a conference in June , when he was acting chief executive of Caritas Christi .
He noted that nearly all Massachusetts hospitals are nonprofit charities - exempting them from having to pay millions in taxes - and argued that those that receive higher insurance payouts should not be in the business of snaring patients away from the less well paid .
" They are using that not - for - profit status to make a profit and to build more capacity for things we do n't need , " he said .
A powerful hand
Most patients do n't think about the payments their insurance company makes to hospitals and doctors , but they should : Inflation of those payments is the main reason insurance premiums increased by an average of $ 1,800 per family during this decade .
More than 85 cents of every dollar in insurance premiums goes to pay the bills in hospitals , doctors ' offices , and other medical facilities .
Five years ago , those bills were rising mainly because of growing patient demand for care , Blue Cross data shows , but now the escalating prices that hospitals and doctors charge is far more important .
A recent Massachusetts study concludes that the price of inpatient care at hospitals is rising by 10 percent a year , while overall use of hospital beds is declining .
The hospitals that are paid at the highest rates all share one trait :
They have the bargaining clout to demand higher insurance payments .
Often , that clout is based on a powerful brand name and elite reputation .
Children 's Hospital has negotiated the highest insurance payments in the state , arguing that its work with children is uniquely expensive .
The high rates have allowed the hospital to consistently report profit rates three times the median for Massachusetts hospitals ; still , insurers pay to keep Children 's happy because they know parents wo n't buy insurance that does n't include access to one of the world 's most prominent pediatric hospitals .
The other source of bargaining power is geographical isolation .
Sturdy Memorial Hospital in Attleboro , for example , commands high insurance payments for outpatient procedures because local residents have no convenient alternative , insurance executives say .
But no company has thrived more in this sharply competitive world - or has had more impact on the cost of medicine here - than Partners HealthCare , a company formed in 1994 to fight back against what its founders saw as the stinginess and lopsided power of insurance companies , which had brought many hospitals to their knees .
By bringing together two of the most prestigious hospitals in Boston - the Brigham and Mass .
General - Partners became what some called the " 800 - pound gorilla " of Massachusetts healthcare , able to bend insurers to its will .
Almost from the start , Partners played its powerful hand with conspicuous - rivals would say relentless - aggression and skill .
No other city can boast two of the top 10 hospitals on US News and World Report 's honor roll , and every insurance company is vividly aware that its members want access to their famed halls .
Partners ' dominance became clear in 2000 , when executives of Tufts Health Plan had the temerity to refuse Partners ' demand for a substantial rate increase .
Partners countered by declaring it would no longer accept Tufts insurance at its hospitals .
Within days , as thousands of Tufts customers threatened to change insurance rather than lose the right to treatment at the two famous hospitals , Tufts gave in to Partners ' demands .
Since then , Partners has negotiated one big pay increase after another from insurance companies fearful of a similar humiliation .
Today , the Brigham and Mass .
General are paid an average of 30 percent more than similar nonpediatric hospitals statewide for each procedure , based on payment rates of Blue Cross obtained by the Spotlight Team .
The health official who provided the information asked not to be identified for fear of professional retaliation .
Though Partners ' rates are not the highest - that would be Children 's - Partners has more effect on statewide costs because its revenue is five times larger .
" We were willing to take the risk of challenging payers , " said Partners chief financial officer Peter Markell , adding that Partners should not have to apologize for a successful strategy .
" If you are never willing to challenge them , of course they are going to jam it down your throat . "
That willingness to get tough turned Partners ' main insurance contracts from money losers a decade ago to the company 's largest source of profit , Partners officials say .
Extrapolating from Partners ' internal tally of its insurance revenues , the Brigham and Mass .
General receive at least $ 500 million a year more from the three biggest insurers than if they were paid at the lower rates typical of their rivals .
Likewise , Partners ' 6,000 physicians are paid 15 percent to 40 percent more than most other Massachusetts doctors , based on Blue Cross rates , while the company 's community hospitals earn at least 10 percent more than their peers .
Altogether , those higher rates add up to at least $ 800 million more for Partners hospitals and doctors than if they were paid at rates similar to competitors , based on Partners ' insurance income .
That is the equivalent of $ 170 a year for every member of the three leading insurers - Blue Cross , Tufts , and Harvard Pilgrim .
Partners officials reject the idea that their insurance payments have driven up healthcare costs significantly , arguing that costs in Massachusetts are part of a national problem and not caused by any one company .
They note that insurance premiums here are rising at about the same rate as the national average .
" Boston is experiencing the same premium increases as the rest of the country , " Partners said in a prepared statement to the Globe .
Likewise , the state 's insurers are divided on Partners ' responsibility for the current price run-up .
Blue Cross officials discount Partners ' role , while Baker at Harvard Pilgrim says there is a meaningful but hard - to - measure " Partners effect " on statewide insurance costs .
And Partners officials themselves have said in the past that their goal was to " reset the prices " paid to hospitals even if it drives up insurance premiums .
Partners ' favorable insurance contracts have helped the company to reap $ 1.7 billion in profits since 2004 , reflecting a profit rate that is average compared with the nationally known hospitals the company considers its peers .
But it 's high by Massachusetts standards : Partners collected 35 percent of statewide hospital profits last year , even though it owns only 16 percent of the beds .
Those earnings have allowed Partners to launch a five - year $ 4 billion construction program that includes the addition at least 180 new hospital beds and several outpatient facilities .
Though the current recession is expected to slow expansion considerably , Partners officials say it wo n't affect projects already underway .
While Partners prospers , 24 Massachusetts hospitals are losing money .
Many of them would be profitable if they had even a fraction of Partners ' contract clout .
Caritas Norwood Hospital , for instance , could erase the $ 242,347 deficit it reported through the third quarter of this fiscal year if the hospital were paid Partners rates for the babies it delivers .
Instead , the hospital is losing money and bracing to lose more next year , when Partners opens a new outpatient center at Gillette Stadium in Foxborough .
" Some are able to spend more than others , " said Jack Connors , Partners ' longtime chairman of the board .
" It 's our fortune that we 're probably in the lead on those investments .
And several hospitals are n't able to keep that pace .
And that 's what I , as a businessman , call market forces , if you will . "
But market forces do n't do much for some other highly regarded hospitals .
A few years ago , when an executive for Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center asked then - Tufts HMO boss Harris Berman why Beth Israel , a Harvard teaching hospital , was n't paid as well as Partners , Berman said he had a simple response : " You are not Partners . "
One influential researcher found that Beth Israel 's overall mortality rate was lower in 2005 than the mortality rates at both the Brigham and Mass .
General , but the hospital and its doctors still earn 15 percent to 20 percent less for the same work , according to the Blue Cross rates obtained by the Globe .
" Should n't there be some correlation between what you get paid for doing something and the quality of what you do ? " asked Beth Israel chief executive Paul Levy last month in remarks at the Massachusetts Medical Society .
Curtain of secrecy
Michelle Faulkner got lucky .
The self - employed marketing consultant sprained her right ankle last Memorial Day weekend for the second time , and in August , when she still felt pain while running , she went to see an orthopedist .
Fortunately for her , the doctor , affiliated with Winchester Hospital , did not send her into Boston for an MRI .
That choice saved her about $ 500 .
Faulkner is one of thousands of Massachusetts residents who save money on insurance by purchasing lower - cost plans that require patients to pay a higher deductible before insurance kicks in .
Faulkner had to pay the $ 526.84 MRI bill herself , which hurt , but the bill at Winchester Hospital was far more affordable than what she would have paid for care at the Brigham ( $ 987 ) or Mass .
General ( $ 1,091 ) , insurance claims data show .
" People do n't shop around , " said Faulkner , 39 .
" That 's why insurance is so high . "
One reason patients do n't shop for care is that , as a practical matter , they can't .
The pay rates of different caregivers have long been treated as confidential data , veiled by nondisclosure agreements between insurers and hospitals .
As a result , there has been no public notice or debate as an insurance system that a decade ago paid hospitals and doctors similar amounts for the same work has grown into one that disproportionately rewards a few .
The insurance data obtained by the Globe , drawn from millions of medical claims collected by the state Health Care Quality and Cost Council , is a byproduct of the state 's sweeping healthcare reform law of 2006 .
Because some hospitals treat sicker people , the data has been adjusted to reflect the cost of care for an average patient .
The law calls for the council to post insurance claim information on the web so that the public can see the disparities .
But a year and a half after the law was passed , the council has still not published its findings because of disputes with medical groups about how the numbers should be presented and whether they are accurate in every detail .
" Apparently , this subject is the equivalent of the third rail , " said Gregory W. Sullivan , the state 's inspector general and a member of the Quality and Cost Council .
However , council officials say privately that the data , after months of review by the hospitals , is generally accurate .
Partners said it has raised concerns " about the data and methodology " with the council .
But other hospitals contacted by the Globe either confirmed the data 's accuracy or would not comment on it .
The Globe also checked the state numbers against detailed payment rates for Blue Cross ; the two closely track .
The Blue Cross data show that about 10 hospitals - four Boston teaching hospitals and six community hospitals - are paid at least 30 percent above the state average , while 12 hospitals make at least 20 percent below average , including Cambridge Hospital , which earns about half as much per procedure as the Brigham and Mass .
General .
Partners officials say that they do n't know exactly how their pay compares to others , though they know they are paid more .
That added revenue is going for good purposes , they say , such as research and doctor training .
Insurance profits also subsidize unprofitable lines of business , such as psychiatric care and the burn units at the Brigham and Mass .
General .
In addition , Partners employs 50,000 people , more than any other private company in Massachusetts .
Partners officials also say they are building a massive integrated system that could become a model for how to reduce errors and waste .
The company 's computer networks , for example , will eventually be used to bar - code every single pill , so that each can be double - checked at bedside .
" We are different , " said Dr. Thomas H. Lee , chief executive of Partners ' physicians network , " I would say it is like 70 percent potential and 30 percent reality in terms of how different .
But we have the pieces of a system that are increasingly actually working together . "
Lee , however , admits that existing measures of quality do not prove Partners is consistently better .
In fact , he argues that the science of measuring medical quality remains so limited that it can't determine which is the best among Massachusetts ' very good hospitals .
He offers an analogy :
If the Boston marathon were judged using tools as imperfect as current medical quality measures , researchers could identify the Kenyan runners at the front of the pack , but they could not predict the winner .
Partners hospitals , he said , " are running with the pack of Kenyans at the front of the country .
And it 's great to be one of those Kenyans , but there 's a fair amount of angst about us because we are being paid more than the other Kenyans , and they are n't particularly happy about it . "
Brand name medicine
Karen Dahl , 31 , lives less than 2 miles from Mount Auburn Hospital in Cambridge , but when she became pregnant with her first baby last year , she decided to go to a Boston teaching hospital to deliver .
" I talked to women in the area who had babies in Boston , " said Dahl , a self - described nervous patient who gave birth to son Henry by Cesarean section at the Brigham last November .
" I also looked at the US News rankings for female care .
The Brigham was rated very high . "
State health officials have tried to encourage women like Dahl to reconsider their flight to Boston , pointing out in a 2003 study that community hospitals are generally just as reliable as teaching hospitals for normal births .
In fact , they had a slightly lower complication rate - and they 're a lot cheaper .
Dahl 's care cost $ 8,282.14 at the Brigham , while the cost at Mount Auburn would have been about $ 5,700 , according to state insurance data .
But Dahl , who had a complicated pregnancy , has no regrets : " I felt this was the safest place to be if anything happens . "
Massachusetts patients love brand name medicine , going to teaching hospitals 2.5 times more often than patients across the country , according to a 2005 report for the Massachusetts Council of Community Hospitals .
It is a habit that carries a heavy cost :
We spend about $ 1.7 billion more per year than we would using community hospitals at the national rate .
Partners '
Lee , a cardiologist who still sees patients in addition to his management job , argues that patients are voting with their feet .
" There 's a very fair question of can we afford that as a society , but there 's no question in our market that people want this , " Lee said .
" I have people come and see me from New Hampshire and Rhode Island for their blood pressure , and I tell them , ' You do n't need to come here , ' and they say , ' But I want to , ' and I think they 're sometimes offended because I 'm trying to chase them away . "
The growing dominance of Partners - and Children 's Hospital for pediatrics - is a microcosm of the national trend in the last 15 years , as government has increasingly allowed the market to decide what healthcare will be available and at what price .
Hundreds of unprofitable hospitals closed , while many others merged to gain more negotiating power with insurance companies , which , by the mid-1990s , were aggressively denying claims and shortening hospital stays to hold down costs .
The balance of power between insurers and providers did need to shift .
But the realignment has had costly side effects :
After a decade of stable insurance rates in the 1990s , medical inflation began to soar across the country , something economists attributed partly to the increased clout of merged healthcare systems like Partners .
And healthcare specialists agree that the price run-up did not lead to a similar improvement in quality .
At a Federal Trade Commission workshop on healthcare in April , the moderator asked a panel of healthcare leaders , " Is price a signal of quality in healthcare markets ? "
A professor quickly offered a one - word answer : " No . " There was a pause .
Then someone else chimed in , " There 's a universal no on that . "
The moderator concluded , " That was pretty easy , " and moved on to the next question .
Behind the rankings
To walk the gleaming corridors of Partners ' flagship hospitals is to tour a Hippocratic Hall of Fame : Dr. William Morton first demonstrated the use of anesthesia in surgery at Mass .
General in 1846 .
Dr. Joseph Murray carried out the first successful organ transplant at the Brigham in 1954 .
Today , the two hospitals manage one of the largest biomedical research budgets in the country , carrying out cutting - edge studies on everything from AIDS to arthritis and attracting patients from all over the world .
But the high - end procedures that make the Brigham and Mass .
General so famous are not their bread and butter .
Eighty - five percent of the time their doctors are performing the same less glamorous medicine that occupies most other hospitals : delivering babies , repairing hernias , treating pneumonia .
And it is there , in the workaday world of hospital care , that the hospitals ' reputation for unmatched excellence fades - and with it much of the rationale for the higher payments they receive for such treatments .
The growing , if still inadequate , body of data available about hospital quality paints a fairly consistent picture of the care at the Brigham and Mass .
General : often good , but rarely extraordinary , and sometimes inferior to the care available at other hospitals .
The two hospitals have inconsistent performance on routine care , according to data collected from nearly all US hospitals by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services on how often hospitals give the right drug or test on time .
Using a method of comparison commonly employed by government officials and researchers , the Globe determined that the two hospitals finished ahead of the other Boston teaching hospitals overall for four areas of treatment in a recent 12 - month period , but both scored lower on caring for pneumonia patients than half of American hospitals .
A quarter of American hospitals outperformed Mass .
General on heart failure care .
2-CD/1-LP Set Expands The Doors ’ Fifth Studio Album With Over An Hour Of Unreleased Session Outtakes That Show How The Songs Evolved In The Studio Click here to check outall …
Rick Warren , Obama ’s pick to give the inaugural invocation , backed the California ban on same - sex marriage .
Gay leaders furious with Obama
Barack Obama ’s choice of a prominent evangelical minister to deliver the invocation at his inauguration is a conciliatory gesture toward social conservatives who opposed him in November , but it is drawing fierce challenges from a gay rights movement that — in the wake of a gay marriage ban in California — is looking for a fight .
Rick Warren , the senior pastor of Saddleback Church in Southern California , opposes abortion rights but has taken more liberal stances on the government 's role in fighting poverty , and backed away from other evangelicals ’ staunch support for economic conservatism .
But it ’s his support for the California constitutional amendment to ban same - sex marriage that drew the most heated criticism from Democrats Wednesday .
Advertisement
“ Your invitation to Reverend Rick Warren to deliver the invocation at your inauguration is a genuine blow to LGBT Americans , ” the president of Human Rights Campaign , Joe Solomonese , wrote to Obama Wednesday .
“ [ W ]e feel a deep level of disrespect when one of architects and promoters of an anti-gay agenda is given the prominence and the pulpit of your historic nomination .
The rapid , angry reaction from a range of gay activists comes as the gay rights movement looks for an opportunity to flex its political muscle .
Last summer gay groups complained , but were rebuffed by Obama , when an “ ex - gay ” singer led Obama ’s rallies in South Carolina .
And many were shocked last month when voters approved the California ban .
“ There is a lot of energy and there ’s a lot of anger and I think people are wanting to direct it somewhere , ” Solomonese told Politico .
The selection of Warren to preside at the inauguration is not a surprise move , but it is a mirror image of President Bill Clinton ’s early struggles with gay rights issues .
Obama has worked , and at times succeeded , to bridge the gap between Democrats and evangelical Christians , who form a solid section of the Republican base .
Obama opposes same - sex marriage , but also opposed the California constitutional amendment Warren backed .
In selecting Warren , he is choosing to reach out to conservatives on a hot - button social issue , at the cost of antagonizing gay voters who overwhelmingly supported him .
Clinton , by contrast , drew early praise from gay rights activists by pressing to allow openly gay soldiers to serve , only to retreat into the “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” compromise that pleased few .
The reaction Wednesday in gay rights circles was universally negative .
“ It ’s a huge mistake , ” said California gay rights activist Rick Jacobs , who chairs the state ’s Courage Campaign .
“ He ’s really the wrong person to lead the president into office .
“ Can you imagine if he had a man of God doing the invocation who had deliberately said that Jews are not going to be saved and therefore should be excluded from what ’s going on in America ?
People would be up in arms , ” he said .
The editor of the Washington Blade , Kevin Naff , called the choice “ Obama ’s first big mistake . ”
“ His presence on the inauguration stand is a slap in the faces of the millions of GLBT voters who so enthusiastically supported him , ” Naff wrote , referring to gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgendered people .
“ This tone - deafness to our concerns must not be tolerated .
We have just endured eight years of endless assaults on our dignity and equality from a president beholden to bigoted conservative Christians .
The election was supposed to have ended that era .
It appears otherwise . ”
Other liberal groups chimed in .
“ Rick Warren gets plenty of attention through his books and media appearances .
He does n’t need or deserve this position of honor , ” said the president of People for the American Way , Kathryn Kolbert , who described Warren as “ someone who has in recent weeks actively promoted legalized discrimination and denigrated the lives and relationships of millions of Americans . ”
Warren ’s spokeswoman did not respond to a message seeking comment , but he has tried to blend personal tolerance with doctrinal disapproval of homosexuality .
“ I have many gay friends .
I ’ve eaten dinner in gay homes .
No church has probably done more for people with AIDS than Saddleback Church , ” he said in a recent interview with BeliefNet .
In the same interview , he compared the “ redefiniton of a marrige ” to include gay marriage to legitimizing incest , child abuse , and polygamy .
Obama ’s move may deepen some apparent distance between him among gays and lesbians , one of the very few core Democratic groups among whom his performance was worse than John Kerry ’s in 2004 .
Exit polls suggested that John McCain won 27 percent of the gay vote in November , up four points from Bush ’s 2004 tally — even as almost all other voters slid toward Obama .
But despite the symbolism of picking Warren , Obama is likely to shift several substantive policy areas in directions that will please gay voters and their political leaders , including a pledge to end “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” in military service .
And some gay activists were holding out hope that they would either persuade Obama to dump Warren or Warren to change his mind .
“ Rick Warren did a real disservice to gay families in California and across the country by casually supporting our continued exclusion from marriage , ” said the founder of the pro-same sex marriage Freedom to Marry , Evan Wolfson .
“ I hope in the spirit of the new era that ’s dawning , he will open his heart and speak to all Americans about inclusion and our country ’s commitment to equality . ”
Snubfins have rounder foreheads and smaller fins
A team of scientists has identified a new dolphin species - the first for at least 30 years - off north Australia .
The mammals - named snubfin dolphins - were initially thought to be members of the Irrawaddy species , also found in Australian waters .
But one researcher found the snubfins were coloured differently and had different skull , fin and flipper measurements to the Irrawaddys .
DNA tests confirmed that they were two distinct species .
The researcher , Isabel Beasley of James Cook University in Townsville , Queensland , said that because they live in shallow waters , both types face the same threats to their survival , including being accidentally caught in fishing nets .
' Conservation priority '
Ms Beasley said it was impossible to know how many of the snubfins there are , though a group of 200 is thought to live off Townsville , in Australia 's north - east .
Some are thought to live off Papua New Guinea as well , but the majority of the population is thought to be Australian .
" It means that Australia now has an endemic species living in its waters and it's a higher conservation priority now , " she told Reuters news agency .
The Irawaddy dolphin is itself extremely rare - conservation group the WWF says fewer than 1,000 remain .
Many live in the shallow coastal waters of South East Asia , where it is considered a culinary delicacy .
Commercial trade was banned last year .
Ms Beasley and fellow researchers found that the snubfin dolphin had three colours while the Irrawaddy was slate grey with a white belly .
They also concluded that the snubfin had smaller fins than most dolphins and a rounder forehead .
DELONG : " Politically , what are the challenges because you 're not going to have a lot of sympathetic ears up there until it [ a terror attack ] happens .
RUMSFELD : That 's what I was just going to say .
This President 's pretty much a victim of success .
We have n't had an attack in five years .
The perception of the threat is so low in this society that it's not surprising that the behavior pattern reflects a low threat assessment .
The same thing 's in Europe , there 's a low threat perception .
The correction for that , I suppose , is an attack .
And when that happens , then everyone gets energized for another [ inaudible ] and it's a shame we do n't have the maturity to recognize the seriousness of the threats ... the lethality , the carnage , that can be imposed on our society is so real and so present and so serious that you'd think we'd be able to understand it , but as a society , the longer you get away from 9/11 , the less ... the less ... "
VIOLETPLANET SAYS : Notice the reverse psychology in his choice of words and phrasing .
He uses negative words for positive actions and positive words for negative actions .
He 's one slick , sick mad -hatter .
CLICK HERE For Audio Tape Recording
- Paul Joseph Watson ( Rumsfeld " On Tape : Terror Attack Could Restore Neo-Con Agenda : Former Defense Secretary 's Conversation with Military Analysts on Political Problems - " The Correction For That ... Is An Attack , " Prison Planet , 5.16.08 .
Image : Donald Rumsfeld Riding His Unicycle , 1970s ) .
- Paul Joseph Watson ( Rumsfeld " On Tape : Terror Attack Could Restore Neo-Con Agenda : Former Defense Secretary 's Conversation with Military Analysts on Political Problems - " The Correction For That ... Is An Attack , " Prison Planet , 5.16.08 .
Image : Donald Rumsfeld Riding His Unicycle , 1970s ) .
In [ Bre Pettis ] ’s latest “ things ” video , he talks with [ Adam Mayer ] about his geared business cards .
[ Adam ] has designed several versions of these cards that have functional gear systems in them .
There appears to be a simple two gear one and a more complicated planetary gear set up .
The designs have been uploaded to Thingiverse , so you can download and build your own .
She just gave an entire press conference for five minutes in front of a guy killing turkeys on camera .
Oh my God , I ’m laughing so hard I ’m crying .
I know it ’s sick , but she ’s such a blithering idiot .
At one point , oblivious to the fact that some guy is killing turkeys on camera ten feet behind her , she says “ we ’ll probably invite criticism for doing this ! ”
This is a Saturday Night Live skit , with nothing extra needed .
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k8DTSPzU0RI]
I posted this question last week but I believe it deserves a second look in light of the corruption uncovered in Troopergate and the Stevens trial .
Todd 's explanation , I built the house with the help of a few buddies , defies belief .
Todd !
You 're a fisherman , a snomobile champion , an oil worker , a caribou hunter , a government operative , AND a plumber , electrician , mason , carpenter ?
Wow !
You are one Super Dude .
Wayne Barrett reports that after the $ 12.5 million Wasilla Sports Complex was approved , the design contract went to architect Blase Burkhart , " son of Roy Burkhart , who is frequently described as a " mentor " of Palin and was head of the local Republican Party . "
Roy Burkhart was also a Palin campaign contributor .
Palin then appointed Blase Burkhart to the builder - selection committee , which awarded the construction contract to " Howdie Inc. , a mostly residential contractor owned at the time by Howard Nugent . "
Nugent was a Palin campaign contributor , also .
What happened next is rather curious .
Here 's Barrett :
A list of subcontractors on the [ sports complex ] job , obtained by the Voice , includes many with Palin ties .
One was Spenard Builders Supply , the state 's leading supplier of wood , floor , roof , and other " pre-engineered components . "
In addition to being a sponsor of Todd Palin 's snow - machine team that has earned tens of thousands for the Palin family , Spenard hired Sarah Palin to do a statewide television commercial in 2004 .
When the Palins began building a new family home off Lake Lucille in 2002 — at the same time that Palin was running for lieutenant governor and in her final months as mayor — Spenard supplied the materials , according to Antoine Bricks , who works in its Wasilla office .
Spenard actually filed a notice " of its right to assert a lien " on the deed for the Palin property after contracting for labor and materials for the site .
Spenard 's name has popped up in the trial of Senator Stevens — it worked on the house that is at the center of the VECO scandal as well .
Todd Palin told Fox News that he built the two - story , 3,450 - square - foot , four - bedroom , four - bath , wood house himself , with the help of contractors he described as " buddies . "
As mayor , Sarah Palin blocked an effort to require the filing of building permits in the wide - open city , and there is no public record of who the " buddies " were .
The house was built very near the complex , on a site whose city purchase led to years of unsuccessful litigation and , now , $ 1.3 million in additional costs , with a law firm that 's also donated to Palin collecting costly fees from the city .
Dorwin and Joanne Smith , the principals of complex subcontractor DJ Excavation & Development , have donated $ 7,100 to Palin and her allied candidate Charlie Fannon ( Joanne is a Palin appointee on the state Board of Nursing ) .
Sheldon Ewing , who owns another complex subcontractor , Weld Air , has donated $ 1,300 , and PN&D , an engineering firm on the complex , has contributed $ 699 .
Ewing was one of the few sports - complex contractors , aside from Spenard , willing to address the question of whether he worked on the house as well , but he had little to say : " I doubt that it occurred , but if it did indirectly , how would I know anyhow ? "
The odd timing of Palin 's house construction — it was completed two months before she left City Hall and while she and Todd Palin were campaigning statewide for the first time — raises questions , especially considering its synergy with the complex .
What an unusual situation .
Giant construction contracts are being awarded to campaign contributors at the same time that " buddies " who just happen to be contractors are " helping " Todd build their two - story house .
At the same time Sarah ensures there will be no public record of building permits .
WTF ?
How is this different from the Stevens situation ?
We need to know :
Who Built Sarah Palin's House ?
UPDATE
Thanks for the recs !
And thanks to mcyrhul for the DIGG link .
UPDATE 2
Here is Todd 's interview with Fox where he describes building the house .
Yahoo Shares Continue to Plunge–But Where Is Microsoft ?
If Microsoft wo n’t take another bite at Yahoo at these amazingly low prices , BoomTown is now thinking of making my own bid for the troubled Internet company .
Shares of the much pummeled Yahoo dropped once again today–and not because of the overall market–due to worries about its display advertising business .
Its market cap is now just $ 19 billion .
This is , I think we can all agree , astonishing .
But not in a good way .
Yahoo fell to a five - year low of $ 13.20 , before rebounding –if you could call it that –to close this afternoon at $ 13.76 , down 82 cents or 5.6 percent .
Why ?
Well , two analysts cut price targets , with one holding out the vain hope that Microsoft ( MSFT ) would rebid for Yahoo ( YHOO ) .
“ As Yahoo shares decline and Microsoft struggles in its online services business , it is increasingly likely Microsoft will make a new offer , ” said American Technology Research ’s Rob Sanderson .
Sorry to burst your pretty balloon , Rob , but that ’s not going to happen , according to my sources at Microsoft .
Instead , Microsoft plans to wait to see what happens in Yahoo ’s merger talks with AOL , an online unit of Time Warner ( TWX ) .
As I wrote :
Let ’s be clear–Microsoft wants nothing else from Yahoo anymore , according to numerous sources , even though it made a noisy and ultimately failed attempt to buy the Internet giant .
It will not be making another bid , sources said , echoing Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer ’s public and internal pronouncements on not revisiting another Yahoo takeover bid .
But Microsoft is hoping that if Yahoo and AOL merge , the new company will see that its fate lies more in its advertising , content and communications businesses , and not in search .
Microsoft is also figuring that regulators will not allow AOL to continue its search ad partnership with Google , a deal that the software giant lost out on .
As part of that deal , Google got a 5 percent stake in the AOL unit .
But , once AOL is combined with Yahoo , execs at Microsoft hope it will give them the in they have been looking for to reignite failed talks with Yahoo over a search deal that Google also won . ”
Of course , one has to wonder why Microsoft is being so stubborn , especially at these plunging prices .
It is as if the software giant simply hopes Yahoo will just wither and die .
And maybe that is its strategy , to then become the de facto No. 2 to Google ( GOOG ) , whose own shares are taking a beating due to ad concerns .
After all , the sector will come roaring back at some point–does anyone doubt the inevitable trend of online advertising ?
And then those with a little patience will emerge as eventual winners .
But why highhandedly pass on what is still a choice property , despite its distress ?
Microsoft Founder Bill Gates ’s best buddy , investor Warren Buffett never does !
While integration and regulatory issues related to a Yahoo takeover have always been a major concern to Microsoft , it now has to be a lot about pure emotion for Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer .
He offered Yahoo CEO Jerry Yang $ 31 a share less than six months ago .
Now , apparently , Yang and Yahoo can go fish .
Or , as the case might be , sleep with the fishes .
Peru once again proves the fact that it is an archaeological El Dorado , one of the few places where ancient scientific treasures lie beneath the ground , waiting to be found .
Its hundreds of archaeological sites reveal the legacy of old cultures that existed thousands of years ago , spanning many cultures , such as the mighty Inca , which still ruled the lands when the Spanish conquistadors descended upon them in the first decades of the 16th century .
This time , experts conducting dig works in the northern part of Peru , at the 3 - mile ( 5 - km ) wide archaeological site of Cerro Patapo , 14 miles ( 22 km ) away from the city of Chiclayo , on the coast of the Pacific ocean , came upon the remains of a whole city , which they believe to be the missing link between two ancient civilizations : the Wari and the Moche .
This is actually the first solid evidence related to the existence of the Wari culture , thought to have prospered between 100 AD and 600 AD .
" It provides the missing link because it explains how the Wari people allowed for the continuation of culture after the Moche , " stated Cesar Soriano , chief archaeologist on the project , for Reuters .
Among the items discovered in the city were ceramics , clothing pieces , the preserved remains of a young woman , as well as what appear to be special places used for human sacrifices , as suggested by a bunch of bones found at the foot of a cliff in the vicinity .
The Wari civilization expanded from the southern regions of Peru towards the north , and was known as a people of travelers .
They established their capital close to the contemporary city of Ayacucho , in the Andes , and built a complex and large road network straying far from their main city .
The long distances they traveled to are also suggested by the recent discovery of a mummy that is thought to be of Wari origin , found in the ruins of Huaca Pucllana in Lima , some 500 miles ( 800 km ) from the Chiclayo site .
Image via Wikipedia
It seems that my latest post refuting the Austian refutation of Marxist exploitation theory has been noticed by none other than the official mises.org blog .
The reaction was only to be expected .
I provide to you a sample of AnCap civility for your amusement 😉
This guy admits he ’s no economic or marxist sholar , yet he ’s calling our theorist hollow !?
What a moron !
No , I said that your system sounds hollow .
Learn to read ?
He also has a laughable article on his site trying to debunk Rothbard ’s “ Egalitarianism as a Revolt against Nature ”
The only laughable thing about this article is Rothbard himself really .
What a douchebag .
Yawn .
Another crank .
Let him “ refute ” to his heart ’s content .
Just more nonsense to ignore for me
Not bored enough to write a comment about it obviously .
But I also got the crank title at least .
Like most marxoids dedicated to proving that capitalism is evil because if the worker did n’t work for a wage the worker would starve , the role of the people who actually sell food is mysteriously overlooked .
Marxoid ?
Ok Misoid , I do not ovelook the role of people who sell food at all .
If they are the intermediary for selling the item , then they simply pay the worker for the food he produced .
Their labour is the act of selling and they should get to keep the full suplus value they create with that .
In short , this moron does not know what he is talking about .
Thank you .
Hugs and kisses back .
The site also seems to have been designed to make reading a chore , irritating like chalk on a blackboard .
Does my mother smell of Elderberries too ?
Who gives a damn if some commie loser wastes his time jostling with chimaeras he made up ?
Who indeed .
So there you have it .
And this is simply the product of half a night ’s gnashing of teeth .
I ca n’t wait to see what more beautiful gems of indignation I ’m going to receive .
All is not bad though , I already had 2 civil comments so there is hope that not all AnCaps are twats .
Nevertheless , I ’m glad I put up my warning to them yesterday .
It might reduce the number of inane comments I get .
Spread the love : Email
Reddit
More
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Tumblr
If you want to spice up your love life , the compact bullet vibrator is the perfect sex toy for you !
Bullet toys are highly versatile and can be used anywhere outside the body .
You can stimulate the nipples , clitoral and ...
A warning for all you iPhone jailbreak enthusiasts : Apple 's newest OS software update contains quite a stink bomb - 10.5.6 disables the Pwnage tool , making you unable to jailbreak or unlock your iPhone or iPod Touch .
Advertisement
The update prevents jailbreaking by disabling the software at the computer level , a step up from what the company usually does : release a firmware update that re-locks the iPhone .
Now it 's stopping your Mac from recognizing the device in DFU ( device firmware update ) mode by inflicting new code on the USB ports on Apple computers .
While the iPhone Dev Team is no doubt working to figure out a new hack around this , some are reporting that the simplest way to work around the update for now is to copy some of the 10.5.5 framework files over the newer ones ... or not update .
[ Information Week and Spaziocellulare ]
When the LHC first went down , it was believed that repairs could get the system up and running by April 2009 .
Then we saw repairs pushing the timeline back to summer 2009 .
But now , CERN has arrived at a fork in the road regarding LHC repairs .
Advertisement
According to spokesperson James Gillies , the complicated repairs can be simplified into modest Plan A and Plan B approach .
Advertisement
Plan A is a quick and dirty fix , getting the particle accelerator online as quickly as possible ( late summer 2009 ) at the cost of operating at lower power .
In this scenario , 3 of 8 pressure relief - system segments are replaced ( only the broken ones ) with the other 5 getting upgraded at unsaid maintenance dates in the future .
Plan B is the more extensive but also more delayed approach , requiring the complete redesign and replacement of the LHC 's entire pressure - relief system .
Under this scenario , the LHC would n't go online until 2010 at the earliest , though at that time the system could operate at full power .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
As of right now , the team is moving ahead with Plan A in the interest of getting data as soon as possible .
Since we have absolutely no way of knowing which course of action is best , we 'll just support whatever the crazy physics geniuses decide .
[ DailyTech ]
In their country 's quarter of a century - long struggle for independence , around 10,000 East Timorese people were taken as political prisoners by Indonesia .
Nearly half of them were women and many of them were tortured , died or disappeared .
But many of those who did survive have been telling their stories as part of East Timor 's Living Memory Project .
In 1977 , Maria da Silva Benfica was a 23 - year - old captured by the Indonesians for sending supporters to help the Timorese guerrillas .
Maria was imprisoned for over a year , where she was beaten and punched .
At one stage she says she forced to be in a cell with a corpse .
Maria has told her story on video as part of The Living Memory Project .
She is one of 52 video testimonies from ex-prisoners recorded so far .
Veteran journalist on East Timor , Jill Jolliffe , is directing the project .
She says not only are the recordings important for history but also for the healing process .
" We find violence is repeated and mimicked as a result of unhealed trauma and children are affected , " Ms Jolliffe said .
" So it 's really a very large proportion of the East Timorese population . "
Olga do Amaral was a student in 1997 when she took part in an independence demonstration .
She was captured and imprisoned for a year .
" [ I ] got sexual violence , got beaten and punched . "
On release she went and joined the guerrilla fighters in the mountains until independence .
Olga is now pregnant with her fourth child and later this month will be decorated for her efforts in the resistance .
Speaking in the third person , Olga says recognition and support of the continuing struggle of ex-prisoners by the Government is important .
" When she get married it 's always , haunted from her husband , on the ground , something that she still thinking about this , but there is no recognition from the Government , " she said .
Making inroads
Ms Jolliffe says the push for support is a struggle but inroads are being made .
" I think there 's a long way to go and we do have , we have been accepted as belonging to a group known as the Psychosocial Group of NGOs , " she said .
" We consider the filming itself is rather a healing process , a therapeutic process .
" Our core work is producing the archive but we get sufficient funds , we would also develop the health aspect at the same time . "
Ms Jolliffe says she would like to establish a social centre where survivors can develop their sense of common identity .
She would also like to establish a place where older ex-prisoners can come .
" Many of them are isolated , they 're getting old , they 're getting sick , so we'd like to get a little room where they can come and play chess and read the daily newspapers , have a coffee , chew the fat , do what older people do , " Ms Jolliffe said .
" Maybe give some assistance to their children , also in school work , where having access to the computers and the internet and books . "
Attention citizens :
Does everyone know that cops now cruise around the city undercover in taxis ?
That ’s right :
The fuzz , the Man , the 5 - 0 , in regular New York yellow cabs .
Just now on a rare excursion outside the building , we saw it happen : A taxi morphed into a police car right in front of our very eyes .
We mean , it did n’t change colors or anything , but all of a sudden , lights were flashing from under the front hood , the siren noise started coming out of somewhere , and it pulled over a blue sedan .
Everyone on the sidewalk stared as four giant cops got out .
“ That is so weird , ” said a woman on her phone .
“ I ’ve never seen that before , ” said New York ’s photo guy Everett .
Neither had we .
As only two of the cops could lean through the windows and intimidate the driver , we moseyed over to one of the ones who was just standing there to ask about his stealth vehicle .
He looked at us nervously , like he was worried we were about to ask why four white cops pulled over a black dude who did n’t really look like he was doing anything .
But we just asked about the car .
Are there a lot of them around ?
“ There ’s a good number , ” he said , and we backed away before being arrested on trumped - up charges .
When we got back to the office , Jessica Coen said she saw a CopCab just the other night .
We do n’t know about you , but we find this kind of alarming .
It ’s just totally unfair .
When cops drive cop cars , you at least get a warning .
When one pulls into view , you have time to make the decision to eat your joint or not jaywalk or not speed or , you know , stand up straight or whatever .
But if cops are riding around in taxis , that throws off the whole system .
It ’s like cheating .
Plus , it ’s going to make us paranoid .
Because if cops are in taxis , they could be anywhere .
Ice - cream trucks .
Pedicabs .
Those funny old antique cars .
How do you even know to pull over for them ?
We would have asked the guy in the car today — but he looked kind of busy .
Once one of the more innovative franchises in gaming , the Tony Hawk series has seen a steady downturn in sales and popularity thanks largely to an overabundance of unnecessary sequels .
This over - saturation helped pave the way for EA to produce Skate , which focuses on a more realistic take on the sport .
But with a sequel due out soon , EA has plans to avoid the same fate as its predecessor .
" As long as we keep putting out great games and do n't rush it out and polish it and make sure we 're listening to the community and hearing what they 're having to say [ we will avoid that ] , ” associate producer Shaun Laker told MTV .
" A big part of it too — and what drove our features this year — is we were finding out how people played the game , " he added .
" We know people play the game to find their own spot and to own it to be able to call it their own .
This year , you can go and do that , and in a community , you can share it .
That 's how we stay fresh and we do n't go too far ; we listen to the community and know what they ’re asking for and respond to that . "
Skate 2 will feature twice the amount of tricks as its predecessor , the ability to get off of your board and move around on foot , as well as a host of new customization / creation options and online features .
However , with the game is being released just a year and half after the original , and with spin - offs recently hitting the Wii and DS , the series is on track to emulate Tony Hawk .
Let 's hope that subsequent sequels are given a little more breathing room .
Skate 2 will be available on the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 on January 23 , 2009 .
MUSIC NEWS - Rock guitarist ( and Rock & Roll Hall of Fame Nominee ) Jeff Beck has come out against Led Zeppelin 's reunion plans by insisting that it will be pointless without lead singer Robert Plant .
The 64 - year - old rock legend , who played in The Yardbirds with Led Zeppelin guitarist Jimmy Page , praised the band 's huge reunion concert at London 's O2 Arena last December , 2007 .
But Beck argues , and MNN agrees , that plans for a full - blown tour should be shelved without Plant , who has consistantly refused to join his old band mates full - time .
Beck says , " I really do n't think it 's a good idea , not if Robert does n't want to .
I was there at the one - off show at the O2 Arena and it was fantastic .
But I think they should just leave it there .
They will have been offered loads of money and it'll be tempting but that 's not a good enough reason to me .
It would be different if they all wanted to do it and record new material but that 's not the case . "
It seems that Plant has finally ended speculation that he would rejoin the band in by stating he has , " no intention whatsoever of touring with anyone for at least the next two years . "
His recent single with Alison Krauss , Please Read The Letter , has been nominated at this year 's Grammys for Record of the Year .
ATHENS ( Reuters ) - Riot police clashed with demonstrators for a fifth day and a general strike paralysed Greece on Wednesday , piling pressure on the conservative government .
Prime Minister Costas Karamanlis announced financial support for businesses damaged in the riots and main socialist opposition leader George Papandreou appealed for an end to the violence that has gripped more than 10 Greek cities .
“ Government murderers ! ” demonstrators shouted , furious at the shooting of a teenager by police on Saturday .
The killing ignited unrest fuelled by simmering public anger at political scandals , rising unemployment and poverty .
Karamanlis , clinging to a thin majority , pledged to safeguard people from violence , but did not say how .
Government sources denied rumours emergency measures were being considered .
No more protests are planned this week but tension remains high .
Youths lobbed firebombs at police , who returned volleys of tear gas outside Athens polytechnic university , hours after clashes outside parliament following a union rally against economic and social policy .
“ Participation in the strike is total , the country has come to a standstill , ” said Stathis Anestis , spokesman for the GSEE union federation which called the 24 - hour stoppage .
Foreign and domestic flights were grounded , banks and schools were shut , and hospitals ran on emergency services as hundreds of thousands of Greeks walked off the job .
Unions say privatisations , tax rises and pension reform have worsened conditions , especially for the one - fifth of Greeks who live below the poverty line , just as the global downturn is hurting the 240 billion - euro economy .
“ There is demand for change : social , economic and political change , ” said Odysseas Korakidis , 25 , who does two jobs .
“ It ’s not unusual here to hold down two jobs to get just 800 or 1,000 euros a month .
In other countries , that ’s inconceivable ! ”
COUNTING THE COST
The Greek Commerce Confederation said damage to businesses in Athens alone was about 200 million euros ( $ 259 million ) , with 565 shops seriously damaged .
In a televised message , Karamanlis , who swept to power amid the euphoria of the 2004 Athens Olympics , announced subsidies , loans and tax relief measures for those affected .
“ The government is determined not only to make citizens feel safe but to support businesses which suffered damage , ” he said .
In four years of conservative rule , a series of scandals , devastating forest fires , and unsuccessful economic measures have erased the optimistic mood of 2004 .
The opposition socialist party , which has overtaken the ruling conservatives in opinion polls , has called for elections .
“ I appeal to all to show responsibility , restraint and to end the violence that our country is experiencing these days , ” Papandreou told a conference .
One policeman has been charged with murder and his partner with abetting him over the shooting of Alexandros Grigoropoulos , 15 .
A prosecutor on Wednesday ordered them both jailed pending trial after the officer testified he had fired in the air .
His lawyer told Reuters the investigation had shown the bullet had ricocheted but witnesses told TV stations after the shooting that the policeman had aimed at the boy and fired .
The ballistics report has not yet been officially published .
Rioting over the boy ’s death began in Athens on Saturday and quickly spread across the European Union nation of 11 million people .
Greeks also protested in Paris , Berlin , London , Rome , The Hague , Moscow , New York , Italy and Cyprus .
The unrest is the worst in Greece since the aftermath of military rule in 1974 .
In Rome , demonstrators burned a garbage bin and threw fire crackers and rocks at police cars trying to stop them reaching the Greek embassy .
Wednesday ’s strike by GSEE and its public sector counterpart ADEDY , which include half of Greece ’s 5 - million - strong work force , was the latest in a series of labour protests by unions .
Many shops in central Athens stayed shut , boarding up their windows to prevent further damage .
Bus stops and litter bins were blackened by fire , public telephone booths smashed and some buildings gutted by blazes .
Greece has a tradition of violence at student rallies and firebomb attacks by anarchist groups .
CAMBRIDGE , Mass .-- Research carried out at MIT 's Alcator C - Mod fusion reactor may have brought the promise of fusion as a future power source a bit closer to reality , though scientists caution that a practical fusion powerplant is still decades away .
Fusion , the reaction that produces the sun 's energy , is thought to have enormous potential for future power generation because fusion plant operation produces no emissions , fuel sources are potentially abundant , and it produces relatively little ( and short - lived ) radioactive waste .
But it still faces great hurdles .
" There 's been a lot of progress , " says physicist Earl Marmar , division head of the Alcator Project at the MIT Plasma Science and Fusion Center ( PSFC ) .
" We 're learning a lot more about the details of how these things work . "
The Alcator C - Mod reactor , in operation since 1993 , has the highest magnetic field and the highest plasma pressure of any fusion reactor in the world , and is the largest fusion reactor operated by any university .
One of the most vexing issues facing those trying to construct a fusion plant that produces more power than it consumes ( something never achieved yet experimentally ) is how to propel the hot plasma ( an electrically charged gas ) around inside the donut - shaped reactor chamber .
This is necessary to keep it from losing its heat of millions of degrees to the cooler vessel walls .
Now , the MIT scientists think they may have found a way .
Physicist Yijun Lin and principal research scientist John Rice have led experiments that demonstrate a very efficient method for using radio - frequency waves to push the plasma around inside the vessel , not only keeping it from losing heat to the walls but also preventing internal turbulence that can reduce the efficiency of fusion reactions .
" That 's very important , " Marmar says , because presently used techniques to push the plasma will not work in future , higher - power reactors such as the planned ITER ( International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor ) now under construction in France , and so new methods must be found .
" People have been trying to do this for decades , " he says .
Lin says that " some of these results are surprising to theorists , " and as yet there is no satisfying theoretical foundation for why it works as it does .
But the experimental results so far show that the method works , which could be crucial to the success of ITER and future power - generating fusion reactors .
Lack of a controllable mechanism for propelling the plasma around the reactor " is potentially a showstopper , " Rice says , and the ITER team is " very concerned about this . "
Rice adds that " we 've been looking for this effect for many years , " trying different variations of fuel mixture , frequency of the radio waves , and other parameters .
" Finally , the conditions were just right . "
Given that the ITER project , which will take 10 years to build , is already underway , " our results are just in time for this , " Lin says .
These results are being published in Physical Review Letters on Dec. 5 .
The work was sponsored by the US Department of Energy .
A number of other recent findings from Alcator C - Mod research could also play a significant role in making fusion practical , and several papers on these new results were presented at the Plasma Physics Divisional meeting of the American Physical Society held in November .
One of these is a method developed by Dennis Whyte and Robert Granetz for preventing a kind of runaway effect that could cause severe damage to reactor components .
When a fusion reactor is in operation , any disruption of the magnetic field that confines the super - hot plasma could cause a very powerful beam of " runaway electrons , " with enough energy to melt through solid steel .
This would not be dangerous to personnel because everything is well - shielded , but it could cause hardware damage that would be expensive and time - consuming to repair .
But Whyte and Granetz have developed a kind of high - powered fire extinguisher for such runaway beams :
A way of suddenly injecting a blast of argon or neon gas into the reactor vessel that turns the plasma energy into light , which is then harmlessly absorbed by the reactor walls , and suppresses the beam by apparently making the magnetic fields more disorganized .
For about a thousandth of a second , Whyte says , this brilliant flash of light is the world 's brightest light -- the equivalent of a billion - watt bulb -- though it's in a place where nobody can directly see it .
Because the Alcator C - Mod 's design is very closely matched to that of ITER , " we are uniquely positioned to explore what happens when these disruptions occur , " Whyte says .
ITER will be 10 times the diameter , with a thousand times the energy , so if this quenching system is used there it would produce a trillion - watt bulb -- for a fleeting instant , nearly equivalent to the total electricity output of the United States .
###
Written by David Chandler , MIT News Office
Mr Wagoner 's choice of transport did not go down well in Washington General Motors has asked the US Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) not to allow tracking of its private jets .
The call comes after the company 's boss flew to Washington in a jet to ask for $ 25 bn ( £ 16.3 bn ; 19.7bn euros ) of public money to bail - out the US car industry .
Chief executive Rick Wagoner was taken to task at a special Senate hearing and pilloried in the worldwide media for such extravagance and poor judgement .
" Could n't you have downgraded to first class ? " said Democrat Gary Ackerman .
GM has subsequently returned two of its fleet - reportedly five strong - of private jets .
Lessons learnt
The carmaker made the request to the FAA despite insisting this week that Mr Wagoner will not repeat the mistake when he returns to Washington for further discussions about the bail - out next week .
" We availed ourselves of the same option as others have , " said GM spokesman Greg Martin .
Rival carmakers Ford and Chrysler , whose chief executives also flew to Washington in separate jets , have kept a much lower profile since the hearing .
All three companies are desperate for funds to help stave off potential bankruptcy .
Sales have plummeted due to the credit crunch and the economic slowdown , and they are burning through billions of dollars in cash each month .
With little or no ability to raise capital in the private markets , they have been forced to go cap in hand to the government .
GM has warned that it could run out of cash in a matter of weeks and cannot wait until President - elect Barack Obama - who has promised to help the industry - is sworn in in January .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
EXCLUSIVE :
GLEN ALLEN , Va .
Eric Cantor ” href= ” / themes /?Theme=Eric+Cantor ” > Rep. Eric Cantor of Virginia , poised to ascend to House Republicans ’ No. 2 leader this week , said the Republican Party in Washington is no longer “ relevant ” to voters and must stop simply espousing principles .
Instead , it must craft real solutions to health care and the economy .
“ Where we have really fallen down is , we have lacked the ability to be relevant to people ’s lives .
Let ’s set aside the last eight years , and our falling down in living up to expectations of what we said we were going to do , ” Mr. Cantor told The Washington Times in his district office outside of Richmond .
“ It ’s the relevancy question . ”
As chief deputy whip , Mr. Cantor , 45 , was the logical choice to move up when Republicans ’ current whip , Rep. Roy Blunt , stepped aside - something Mr. Blunt announced days after Republicans lost at least 20 seats in the House .
A week before Wednesday ’s leadership elections , Mr. Cantor offered a bleak assessment of his party and where it ’s fallen : technology , preparedness for political realities , such as the next round of redistricting , and pursuing its ideals .
Most of all , he said , Republicans have been content to offer principles , rather than concrete solutions .
Voters , he said , have punished them for it .
“ It ’s the roads , it ’s going to the gas station , that ’s still there when the price will bump back up .
It ’s education , it ’s health care .
These are the issues , frankly , that we have not been on offense with , ” he said .
Some conservatives argue that President - elect Barack Obama should be given some leeway on his mandate , with the expectation he will overstep .
Those strategists say Republicans should pick their battles , perhaps forgoing a fight over tax increases to save their firepower for issues such as health care .
Mr. Cantor said Republicans should “ be very wise about the battles we fight , ” but that they should fight every time there ’s a principle involved .
For example , he disagrees with pundits who say Republicans should forgo issues such as immigration .
“ It ’s not a dead issue .
It ’s about how do we go about finally enforcing the law , and that ’s both in the interior as well as at the border , ” he said , adding that Democrats are likely to overreach if they go for a bill that offers citizenship to illegal immigrants , which he said is “ amnesty . ”
“ This whole notion of comprehensive immigration reform , just like comprehensive Middle East peace , you know , that is too high of a bar .
You ’ve got to be incremental about it .
If they were smart , they ’d be incremental about it , but they ca n’t hold back some of their factions , ” he said .
As one of those pushing for a House Republican alternative to the Wall Street bailout package the Bush administration and congressional Democrats crafted , he ended up voting for the Democrats ’ bill .
He said Republicans have to be able to draw lines on future votes such as an automobile manufacturers ’ bailout , even if it means losing some of their members ’ support .
“ Somebody in Michigan , let ’s say , they ’re going to be hard - pressed , because they ’ve got a lot of constituents who say , ‘ You ’ve got to do this . ’
OK , and so you do n’t get everybody ’s vote .
But right now , the message of our party needs to be , it is not the answer to forestall the inevitable , ” he said .
“ We have a failed model of our auto industry in our country .
For decades now , they ’ve been on the decline .
For decades , they ’ve been conceding in terms of their labor contracts , that have saddled management ’s ability to look beyond the next pay period , when they should be looking five years down the road and designing the cars people want to buy . ”
Formerly a steady defender of President Bush , Mr. Cantor does n’t attack the president directly , but he repeatedly refers to “ eight years , ” using the term as if it were a symbol of dark times for Republican principles .
That drives his call for Republicans to make themselves relevant while remaining true to their principles - the pitch he said he ’s making to colleagues .
“ I ’m not one to say I ’m the right guy , but I would hope , my case for this position is , I very much believe our party is one of limited government , lower taxes , belief in free markets , belief in a strong national defense posture with a cautious approach to making sure that happens .
“ I also believe , though , that the country is not only poised , it is desperate for us to use those principles to fashion solutions to everyday challenges , and I believe that this country will accept that because we ’re not a country that is all about big - government solutions , and I think that ’s where the other side goes . ”
Some House Republicans had looked to Mr. Cantor to challenge Rep. John A. Boehner of Ohio , the party ’s leader since 2006 .
But for someone who spent the past six years as chief deputy whip , the whip ’s post is a logical fit .
There were times over the past two years of Democratic control when Mr. Cantor was ready to fight , and Mr. Boehner decided appeasement was a better path .
Mr. Cantor nods slightly when asked whether he ’ll stand up to the House Republicans ’ leader , should the need arise in the next Congress .
Mr. Cantor said the losses in the past two elections have stripped away pressure to go along simply to get along .
Mr. Cantor is the only Jewish Republican in the House .
That has given him a high profile on Middle East issues , and has made him a key fundraiser for Republicans .
He was a surrogate for Sen .
John McCain ’s presidential campaign this year , and was even reported to have been considered for the vice - presidential nomination .
Virginia Republicans used to joke that the congressman was not the most famous Cantor .
That honor went to his wife , Diana , who as the former executive director of the Virginia College Savings Plan , used to be a ubiquitous presence on commercials advertising the program .
Mr. Cantor ’s Republican leanings started early - something of an oddity for a Jewish family in Richmond .
His parents got involved in Republican causes through their friendship with the Obenshain family , a mainstay of Virginia politics .
That meant as a boy Mr. Cantor manned precincts , put up yard signs , and , he admitted , occasionally took down a Democrat ’s signs .
John S. Reid , a former member of Virginia ’s House of Delegates and one of Mr. Cantor ’s mentors , said he remembers political bull sessions at the congressman ’s parents ’ house in the 1970s , and he said even then , as a high school student , Mr. Cantor would sit in .
Mr. Cantor made his first run for office in 1991 , winning a race where the primary was the key challenge .
He topped two candidates much older than him in a convention at a high school gym .
Nine years later , he won a brutal primary for the House seat being vacated by 20 - year veteran Rep.
Thomas J. Bliley Jr. in a matchup that pitted Mr. Cantor , seen as the business candidate from north of the James River , against state Sen .
Steve Martin , seen as the social - issues candidate from south of the river .
Thanks to his experience bridging that gap in the years since , Mr. Cantor could be the right man to help bridge what some Republicans say is a coming national rift between those two factions of their party .
Mr. Reid , who once held the whip ’s position for Republicans in the House of Delegates , said Mr. Cantor will bring a needed balance to the position at the congressional level .
“ He ’s smart .
He ’s a well - educated young man .
But besides that , his temperament is exemplary .
He knows how to get along with people .
He can walk into a room with a group of people who do n’t agree and find common ground , ” he said .
Mr. Cantor also can help with the cash .
His political action committee raised as much as Mr. Boehner ’s this election , and Mr. Cantor topped Mr. Boehner when it came to contributions to Republican incumbents and challengers .
In a season in which Republicans took a beating , Mr. Cantor can give his colleagues some advice about thriving in a bad environment .
He won 63 percent of the vote Nov. 4 - 10 percentage points more than Mr. McCain won in the district , which stretches from Richmond and its western suburbs up through Culpeper and Skyline Drive .
Mr. Cantor ran only 1 percentage point behind his 2006 total .
That performance came as three congressional districts and a state Senate seat switched from Republican to Democrat .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
No , this one 's the actual wife
Now it might not be the question that reporters are trying to get him to answer at this moment ( about who bought his suits ) but contrary to Sen .
Coleman 's statement that he does n't respond to blogger accusations and rumors , he did with us .
In the interview we showed an excerpt of on Almanac , Coleman responded to all the whispers and blogger claims that he cheats on his wife .
Coleman said he 's been true to his wife , although he conceded his marriage has n't been perfect , he said his marriage is stronger now than it has ever been .
He said the accusations come from hate over his pro-life position on abortion and his wife 's career acting in Los Angeles .
Long after Norm Coleman ( R - MN ) and I were co-secretaries of our elementary school class at PS 197 in Brooklyn , disturbing rumors started circulating about him being a womanizer , something no one from the 5th grade would have guessed .
( We all would have just guessed he would be a crook . )
I sat down with a well - placed friend on mine in Minneapolis and we tried piecing it all together .
As Coleman heads into the final week of a troubled re-election bid , nobody is willing to be identified for fear of the backlash from a sitting Senator and his powerful , wealthy friends .
However , there are numerous anonymous sources that independently confirm his philandering .
Some have spoken on tape , others via email , but all sources have been well documented .
These rumors are so pervasive that Twin Cities public television 's political reporter Mary LaHammer felt it necessary to directly ask Norm .
Norm felt the need to address this issue himself with his first ad ( which ironically sparked accusations that Laurie was green - screened into the ad ... later disproved ) .
When Republicans accuse a Democrat of something , they are usually much worse .
The Republicans accused Norm 's opponent Al Franken of writing porn a decade ago and linked him to rape jokes and accused him of having a poor attitude toward women in classic Republican smear attacks .
The truth is that Norm 's treatment of women is disgusting and shameless .
Numerous sources have confirmed that they knew Norm had an affair .
Multiple sources have attested that Norm is often out with his friends shamelessly hitting on women .
Most sources have also seen Norm with women they characterize as prostitutes .
It 's not just that Norm has n't been faithful , it 's the many reports of how Norm treats women .
From women who have seen
Norm grope waitresses who served him at restaurants to a media personality in the Twin Cities who claims that Norm stuck his tongue in her mouth , many women have had unpleasant experiences with Minnesota 's senior Senator .
Norm has always claimed that he has been faithful , but multiple sources claim that this is simply not true .
Like I said , these sources want to remain anonymous because they fear reprisal from Norm and his rich , powerful benefactors .
For about 5 years in the 90s , Norm had an affair with Mary Sue Perpich , the daughter of former Governor Rudy Perpich .
This affair occurred while Norm was the Mayor of St. Paul , MN .
Witnesses saw Norm and Ms. Perpich at restaurants repeatedly .
This appears to be the best kept secret in St. Paul that everyone knows about .
In recent years , Norm 's neighbors claim to have seen a woman arriving " within hours " of Laurie leaving for California .
This woman would stay the entire week , leaving before Laurie 's return .
Also , they have occasionally seen various women leaving Norm 's house as early as 5 AM when Laurie was out of town .
His neighbors also tell the story of Laurie throwing Norm out of the house after finding out about his relationship with Ms. Perpich .
He stayed with a friend who they say lived " down the street " until Laurie let him back in .
One of Norm 's neighbors had an interesting run-in with one of Norm 's ex-girlfriends ( not Ms. Perpich ) .
This neighbor heard crashing sounds downstairs while he and his family were upstairs .
He came downstairs and confronted the woman .
She was drunk and thought she was trashing Norm 's house .
The police came and arrested her .
According to this neighbor the police report of this incident was buried --
He had a hard time getting his insurance company to cover the damages .
Norm made a pass at a Twin Cities media personality who wishes to remain anonymous .
She related that Norm kissed her on the lips and tried to stick his tongue in her mouth , but she rebuffed his advances .
She did n't " make a scene " because this was in a public place .
A former employee of the Minneapolis restaurant Babalu claims to have seen Norm with women she characterized as " skanky . "
She believes that these women were prostitutes .
She stated that she saw Norm fondle one of these women 's thighs .
She also states that she saw Norm grab a server 's butt and would often try and " feel up " a server 's leg .
She also related a story from oneparticular evening which Norm called a friend and urged him to drive over to Babalu because " there is an unbelievable amount of tail here .
" A former employee at Bellanotte witnessed Norm hit on an African - American waitress .
When she walked away rather than respond to his advances , he said loudly " C'mon back , baby , you 're giving mejungle fever . "
Another person verified this incident .
Norm hit on a waitress at Morton 's Steak House in Minneapolis .
She said the encounter " grossed her out . "
Norm took her hand and would n't let go .
" He gave me the creeps , " she said . , a Minneapolis restaurant which recently closed , said she worked a private room that was set aside for Norm Coleman and his buddies .
They call themselves the " Millionaire Boys Club " ( note : Norm is not a millionaire ) .
They had reserved the room from noon to 6 .
Along with their steak dinners and cases of wine , they were smoking cigars .
An obvious flaunting of the recently passed smoking ban .
The former server said that they " got good and drunk " and that the conversation in the room was " nauseating . "
They made sexist and racist comments all afternoon long .
African Americans were referred to as " darkies . "
There was a long conversation in which they expounded upon the reasons poor people were poor .
The conclusion was that " they are lazy and do n't work " according to this source .
The worst part was when they were passing around a laptop they were using to view hardcore pornographic movies .
They showed the movies to the women employees and tried to encourage them to watch with them .
They were commenting " like frat boys " on the movies making her and the other servers very uncomfortable .
Later in the evening , there was a wedding event planned in this room .
Not only had Norm and his buddies fumigated the room so badly that the wedding event was nearly ruined , they refused to leave when asked to by the staff so they could prepare for the event .
The server described their behavior as " being jerks about it .
" A Minneapolis man witnessed Norm " hitting on " women at Redstone , a restaurant in Minnetonka , MN ( a western suburb ) .
He describes Norm 's behavior as " blatant " and said Norm 's womanizing behavior and obvious come - ons became a standing joke amongst the female customers at Redstone .
An attorney claimed to have spoken with two women who were looking into pressing sexual harassment charges against Norm .
These women in the end decided against moving forward with their claims .
A woman who lives in Minneapolis stated that she spoke to three female Republicans who bragged about sleeping with Norm recently .
But beyond that , host Cenk Uygur pretty much has the rest of the Norm Coleman down pat :
Labels : Minnesota , Norm Coleman , Republican hypocrisy
www.rileysride.com
I got home late last night from work .
Hungry .
Irritable .
Exhausted .
As soon as I crack the front door I am overwhelmed by the strong aromas of cheese , garlic , and toasty bread .
You know that delicious smell of buttery bread baking to a flawless brown ?
The way it smells right before it burns ?
YUM .
I make my way upstairs and spot my boyfriend through a cloud of billowing steam over the stove .
My inner secret agent surfaces …
I semi-subconsciously start taking notes of all the things in my peripherals that were not present when I left the house 12 hours ago .
He smiles .
I smile back .
While looking directly at him , I walk toward the kitchen as the mental list begins to compile : one bottle of uncorked wine — a glass has been poured from it — another unopened on stand - by , the floors are shiny , candles are lit , pillows from upstairs are piled on my favorite comfy chair , those imported olives from the nearby Italian store ( that are absolutely to - die - for ) are arranged in an accessible dish .
Wait , have I mentioned that my boyfriend does n’t cook ?
Yeah … he does n’t cook .
Look at all this !
Did he charter a plane and fly Paula Dean in to whip up some feel - good food ?
I read somewhere that she has sons , she probably told him what to do in order to make it look like he really is the chef of this chicken pasta ?
Paula squeezed into my closet to hide just as I was entering did n’t she ?
She ’s hiding in there as we speak is n’t she ?
“ Hi , ” he says .
My brief trance is broken .
“ Hi back , ” I say .
He takes my heavy , supersized work bag and replaces it with a glass of 2005 Rombauer Chardonnay chilled to perfection .
I have no objections .
A sip reveals the crisp and flavorful layers that make this one of the few Chardonnays that I genuinely enjoy .
He knows this .
He leans in , kisses me on the cheek and says , “ I ’m glad you ’re home . ”
Is he seducing me ?
Or worse …
He ’s guilty of the unthinkable and is about to drop the bomb on me ?
None of the above .
I knew exactly what was going down when I first smelled the damn garlic and cheese downstairs .
My boyfriend is romancing me at 7 o’clock so that by 10:30 I ’ll be knocked out , giving him the opportunity to morph into Illidan and retreat to the Ironforge , to engage in some creature - on - creature combat with thousands of his fellow nerds from around the globe .
Yes , I am dating a nerd and not just any nerd , but a WOW nerd .
The worst of their kind .
If you are not ( and do n’t care to become ) familiar with the phenomenon that is World of Warcraft , I will put it to you briefly and bluntly .
WOW is a sophisticated game played online by dorks across the planet .
Its challenging tasks , or “ quests ” , are extremely tough for even the most experienced gamer .
The game has many tiers , owned and operated by a steep hierarchy of bosses who have had to earn their powers and abilites .
Abilities are gained in a variety of ways , but really , it breaks down to the hours and levels at which you play .
Like in the real world , the need to be powerful is strong and once you find a way to achieve that power … it ’s dangerously addictive .
Nerds who play WOW are holed up in rooms for days … did you hear that ?
Days .
Think I ’m exaggerating ?
A friend of mine lost 35 pounds .
Not from excercising or eating healthy foods , he just played WOW so much he forgot to eat .
My best friend , who is a third grade teacher , watched a member of her own staff sell his car .
He said he had “ no need for it anymore ” … he ’s always at home playing WOW .
My co-worker ’s cousin actually quit his job , as it was obviously interfering with the World of Warcraft .
Yikes .
Cut to my yikes moment in the kitchen last night .
I ’m sipping wine and sampling alfredo sauce from a giant wooden spoon , knowing damn well that this fancy evening is designed to leave an imprint on my brain … an imprint so distracting that I ’ll forget — or simply wo n’t care — that in a few short hours my boyfriend will be downstairs wearing a headset commanding his virtual staff of managers to attack monsters , cast spells and deliver damage .
Guess what ?
It totally works .
What do I care if my BF gets his kicks from a server ?
He ’s a bonafide dork , I knew that when I met him .
I ’m no uber chic glam god myself and I ’ve got the dvd and book libraries to prove it .
Discovery and History channel documentaries in alphabetical order , stacks of autobiographies written by unheard of people — and we wo n’t get into my secret obsession with Ewoks .
Another topic for another blog .
I ’m barely escaping , perhaps even brushing the nerd title , so who am I to judge ?
If BF wants to pull an all - nighter to crush some monsters , it ’s fine by me .
If one day I come home to find no pre-WOW seduction because BF is unemployed , riding a bicycle , and battling with an eating disorder unrelated to body image … well , that ’s another story .
One thing I know for sure … the face - to - face time we spend with our loved ones — whether it be family or significant other — is what really matters .
So if you ’re finding yourself dedicating the majority of your hours to your job , your virtual friends , your computer , your Wii , your crackberry , etc … you ’re gonna miss the love boat .
I promise you , the captain wo n’t wait .
Prioritize .
Wake up and smell reality .
Kick bad habits that are hogging your precious time .
Or there ’s Option D , the one my BF has selected .
Divide your time … aka hypnotize your honey with chores , wine , a candle - lit dinner , and some quality one - on - one before you log in to your underground lair … she ’ll notice and appreciate that you care enough to take the time to dismount from your burning phoenix — the Ashes of Alar — and put Warcraft aside to let her know you do , in fact , give a sh– .
Just remember all you WOWers … life is short and mana ca n’t buy love .
www.rileysride.com
Apple introduced Mark Papermaster as its new senior vice president of devices hardware engineering this week .
But the former IBM executive wo n’t be able to start work at Apple any time soon after his former employer won an injunction from a U.S. District judge in New York .
Both Bloomberg and Reuters are reporting that U.S. District Judge Kenneth Karas has told Papermaster to “ immediately cease his employment with Apple Inc. until further order of this court . ”
IBM had sought the injunction citing an agreement with Papermaster in which he would not work with any competitor for a year after leaving the Armonk , N.Y. - based tech giant .
Apple told both Bloomberg and Reuters it would comply with the judge ’s order , though a spokesman expressed confidence that Papermaster would eventually be able to begin his duties at Apple .
Apple introduced Papermaster as its senior vice president of devices hardware engineering on Tuesday .
In his new role , Papermaster was to have lead the iPod and iPhone engineering teams where he would report directly to CEO Steve Jobs .
His hiring came as Tony Fadell , senior vice president of the iPod division , left the company .
Papermaster worked at IBM for a quarter - century , where he was the vice president of that company ’s blade sever development unit until his resignation last month .
The lawsuit filed by IBM also describes Papermaster as the company ’s top expert on Power microprocessors .
Another hearing is slated for November 18 , Bloomberg reports .
By Denise Winterman
BBC News Magazine
A goth for life Behind the black hair dye and white make - up goths are simply art lovers , who aspire to middle - class values , says a new study .
Is that right ?
The moment their teenage son or daughter dyes their hair black and starts getting creative with eyeliner can be a nightmare for parents .
But a report suggests it should be a time for celebration .
Goths are likely to grow up to be doctors , lawyers or architects , the study by Sussex University says .
They are refined and sensitive , keen on poetry and books , not big on drugs or anti-social behaviour .
They are also likely to carry on being goths into their adult life .
They have an ability to express their feelings and are believers in romance rather than one - night stands , it says .
In fact , the only things dark about them are their clothing and their sarcastic sense of humour .
WHY GOTHS ?
The term comes from Germanic tribe that invaded the Roman Empire in the 3rd to 5th centuries Goth was thought to be first used to describe bands around 1979 , with Joy Division and Siouxsie and the Banshees
There are sub cultures within the sub culture , such as cyber goths Goth band Bauhaus graced the cover of Smash Hits in 1982 " They wo n't like me saying it , but their lifestyle , unlike the punk scene , is a middle - class sub culture , '' says Dunja Brill , who carried out the study .
" They are usually intelligent youngsters who have rejected the idea that teenagers must fulfil certain criteria . ''
But is that right ?
Will the pale faced , sullen - looking teenage goth next door end up being your bank manager in 10 years ' time ?
The Magazine headed to the gothic Mecca that is Camden Market to find out .
" Where I live it 's usually the chavs who start all the trouble not the goths , so I think we are quite a peaceful lot , " says Antoinette Drakes , 16 .
" We just mind our own business and get on with what we like to do .
But goths are like any other group , a lot depends on the individual .
" On the whole we are quite sensitive but you get some who are n't , who are just posers and are just on the pull .
Some will end up being doctors and some will end up being unemployed .
Goths are a mix of personalities , just like everyone else . "
' Chavs cause trouble '
But Keeley Dale , 18 , says the study is just putting another label on goths .
" It 's always about labels in today 's society and that exactly why I dress the way I do , I do n't want to fit into other people 's stereotypes , " she says .
" So I 'm not only a goth now , I 'm also aspiring middle class .
What is that anyway ?
I do n't want to be a doctor and read the Daily Telegraph , I want to be a writer and read whatever takes my fancy .
" There are some things that I do recognise in this research , goths can be sensitive and are n't usually violent , but at the end of the day I think such things depend on the person , not the way they choose to dress . "
Mia Joseph , 40 , has been a goth since her early teens and says it is a way of life for her now .
She runs a market stall specialising in gothic wear , leather and PVC .
Threatening " It 's not about fitting in to a particular subculture , this is just my life .
I 'm beyond thinking of myself as a goth , I 'm just me .
" There are characteristics in the study that I think are true , goths do tend to be peaceful and sensitive , interested in literature and it is a way of life for many that continues long into adulthood .
Why that is middle class I do n't know .
" I think people are a lot more accepting of us now .
Years ago people found my piercing and tattoos threatening , now they are part of everyday life .
A lot of people have their nose pierced or a tattoo .
Essential footwear for a goth " I have grannies who come up to me and say they wish they 'd been able to dress the way I do when they were younger . "
But there is one trait that seems to cross all teenage sub cultures , whatever they wear , whatever music they listen to and whatever a study says - and that is sex .
" Of course I want to fall in love , but I 'm fully prepared to try out quite a few ladies to find the right one , " says Dan Taylor , 18 .
" I 'm still a hormonally - charged teenager after all , as well as a goth . "
Keeley should n't worry about Goth 's reading the Daily Telegraph .
Goth 's tend to have socialist political views .
Furthermore from 10 years of being a Goth I 'd say they are more class less than middle class , that 's sort of the appeal of the scene .
Vicky , London I tend to agree with this column , Most of " us " have jobs and we mostly work in high tech where its not what you look like , but can you do the job !
Yeah the older ones look at the newbies with pride because they tend turn out ok .
Bill , San Jose Ca. USA
I 've been a goth for well over ten years now , it 's a big part of my identity .
I 'm currently a phD student researching Chemistry , and although it may suprise some people , I 'm not even the only goth in my lab .
It 's good to see that someone is attempting to shake off the bad image we goths sometimes get .
Ross Forgan , Edinburgh Back in 80 - 84 my mates and I loved the banshees and the cure , they would do the eyeliner and the black lippy while I was happy to listen to the music .
None of them are doctors or lawyers or fulfilling artistic ambition of any kind .
neither are they still cutting around in pvc trousers or slashed t shirts ... they have grown up ... they have kids of their own and no doubt will fret just like our folks over their sons and daughters going out dressed ' like that ! ' the only sustainable element of the goth era was the music ... it was brilliant then and brilliant now !
Robert Smith for Prime Minister !
mic docherty , Cairo Egypt I am a 40 - something Goth ( and have been since my late teens ) , so is my teenager daughter and my 20 - something partner .
I would say its definitely a way of life for a me but although I am educated to degree level , I would n't say I have particularly middle - class values .
I foresee being a ' Goth ' until the day I die as it is a part of who I am rather than just a fashion trend or a phase I am going through .
Vicky , Leicester being a goth myself i agree that goths are more likely to be intelligent and artistic .
i come from a working class background , so do n't agree that it 's a middle - class thing .
but it 's certainly fun to be in the company of like - minded people
eamonn , brighton Please do n't lump Siouxsie and the Banshees in with the terrible ' Goth ' movement .
The Banshees may have inadvertantly started the movement but they could n't control it .
Thats why its so bad !
Goth is pure pantomime - silly clothes , silly music by fools for fools .
Sisters of Mercy , The Mission , Fields of the Nephilim - all vile .
The Banshees were musical innovators - its a shame Goth did n't take more notice to them ...
Simon Jones , London
This is news ?
Goths have always started off as the kids who were bullied at school for being intelligent or geeky , so of course they 'll end up in the more prestigious jobs .
It 's the " normal " blokes wearing white shirts and drinking Stella that cause the trouble in town centres at night .
This is obvious to anyone who 's actually met a goth and who does n't just rely on tabloid stereotypes .
Alice , Brighton I get accused of being a goth because of the black hair , piercings , evil demeanor etc .
But i'm not a real goth ( or is that the test ? ) - i work for the National Trust and do loads of activism with Greenpeace and other groups in my spare time .
I wish other " goths " would be less mopey and apathetic and down on the world and take action to change it instead of just superficial aesthetic rebellion !
Felicity , London
It makes perfect sense that authorities and people generally frown on Goths .
Goths quite simply have learned to think for themselves and express their own views .
Something not generally approved by the state Paolo
Paolo , St Albans
I certainly would prefer a child of mine to be a goth than some tracksuited - baseball - cap - wearing gobby hoody .
I know which one would concern me more !
I would certainly hold out more hope of a goth actually knuckling down and getting on in life .
Mary , London
Yet more stereotyping and thinly - veiled patronising .
Attitude and lifestyle maketh not the goth - it's a club and music scene and nothing more .
Those who choose to take the fashion onto the streets are very welcome to - I myself show a tad of it at times - but it 's becoming very tiresome to see every black - wearing , shelley - reading intellectual labeled as such .
The BBC misses the point once again
Tom , Reading , UK During the late ' 80s and early '90s I got in to being a goth .
The music , the scene and above all the people were brilliant , absolute diamonds .
Although we 've all grown up and drifted apart there are few days when I do n't think back to those heady days when we were head to toe in black .
Goths should n't be afraid of labels and certainly should n't be afraid to shatter the paradigms .
As to the middle class bit , now I 'm a Chartered Marketer ...
Guilty as charged I guess .
Scott , Tamworth ( previously Swindon )
Given her rejection of the concept surely Keeley should n't label the middle classes as ' doctors who read the Daily Telegraph ' ?
Laura , Lincoln
Why do people need to follow like sheep and label their taste .
I have always had my own personal and very individual style , considered in my teens to my 30's , as gothy , weird , striking , unusual etc .
Some elements of which are very much still here ( I am now 50 ) but more in tune with my changing shape and years !!
I never wanted to look like anyone else or follow anyone else , and if someone thought my image was bad or a problem , it was actually their problem , I know who I am .
jan , suffolk
Add your comments on this story , using the form below .
Name
Your e-mail address
Town / city and country
Your comment
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Brad Friedman Byon
12/7/2008 , 11:39 am PT
Our favorite snippet from the latest round of newly - released Nixon tapes is one that is completely anachronistic now that such school of thought by Republicans has been thoroughly discredited in the wake of Nixon 's disgrace .
This quote from Nixon to Kissinger , from an Oval Office recording from December 14 , 1972 , has no relevance whatsoever to the current occupant of the White House ...
NIXON : Remember , we 're gonna be around to outlive our enemies .
And also never forget :
The press is the enemy .
The press is the enemy .
The press is the enemy .
The establishment is the enemy .
The professors are the enemy .
Professors are the enemy .
Write that on a blackboard 100 times and never forget it .
Here 's the completely irrelevant audio ( :30 seconds ) ...
Kucinich : UN should investigate Israeli Gaza strikes Nick Juliano
Published : Monday December 29 , 2008
Print This Email This Rep. Dennis Kucinich ( D - OH ) called for an independent investigation to be led by the United Nations into the recent eruption of violence between Israel and Hamas along the Gaza strip that has killed scores of innocent civilians .
Monday brought a third day of Israeli bombing Gaza in what the state is calling its " all - out " war on Hamas .
So far , 345 people have been killed by the bombs .
At least 57 of the dead are civilians , including 21 children , according to the UN .
Kucinich said he wrote to UN General Secretary Ban ki-Moon urging an " independent inquiry of Israel 's war against Gaza . "
The Democratic lawmaker said Israel 's attacks are an example of " collective punishment , " which violates the Geneva Conventions .
" The perpetrators of attacks against Israel must also be brought to justice , but Israel cannot create a war against an entire people in order to attempt to bring to justice the few who are responsible .
The Israeli leaders know better , " Kucinich said in a news release Monday .
" The world community , which has been very supportive of Israel 's right to security and its right to survive , also has a right to expect Israel to conduct itself in adherence to the very laws which support the survival of Israel and every other nation . "
Kucinich compared the latest bombing campaign to Isreal 's earlier strikes at southern Lebanon targeted at Hezbollah .
Then too , he said , civilians were killed , infrastructure was destroyed and lawlessness took hold in the country .
" All this was , and is , disproportionate , indiscriminate mass violence in violation of international law .
Israel is not exempt from international law and must be held accountable , " he said .
" It is time for the UN to not just call for a cease - fire , but for an inquiry as to Israel 's actions . "
President Bush , on the other hand , has signaled a continuation of his firm support for Israel .
" In order for the violence to stop , Hamas must stop firing rockets into Israel and agree to respect a sustainable and durable ceasefire , " White House spokesman Gordon Johndroe said .
Congressional leaders likewise signaled support for Israel .
 I strongly support Israels right to defend its citizens against rocket and mortar attacks from Hamas - controlled Gaza , which have killed and injured Israeli citizens , and to restore security to its residents ,  Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - NV ) said Monday .
 Hamas failure to stop these attacks only exacerbates the humanitarian situation for the residents of Gaza and undermines efforts to attain peace and security in the region . 
President - elect Barack Obama , vacationing in Hawaii , has tread lightly regarding the conflict .
His transition team will only say that he continues to " monitor global events " noting , " There is one president at a time . "
Israel has declared some areas around Gaza " closed military zones " and is beginning to amass tanks there saying it is prepared to continue operations as long as necessary .
" The goal of the operation is to topple Hamas , " Deputy Prime Minister Haim Ramon said on Monday in televised comments .
With wire reports
Wikipedia users are now again able to view the cover of the 1976 album , ‘ Virgin Killer ’ , by The Scorpions .
Access to the Wikipedia page was blocked after worries that the cover , featuring a naked girl would be illegal .
Approximately 95 % of people in Britan were unable to access the page because internet providers agreed to enforce a ban of the page by blocking access to it .
The Internet Watch Foundation lifted the restrictions after taking into account the length of time the image has existed and its wide availability .
Before the ban , the album cover was relatively obscure becasue of its age and because it represented the Scorpion ’s phychedelic rock stage before they ventured into harder rock , but what happened is that when the ban was started , an overwhelming amount of people were intrigued by the story and tried to search for the cover graphics on the internet .
In a statement the IWF stated “ IWF ’s overriding objective is to minimize the availability of indecent images of children on the internet , however , on this occasion our efforts have had the opposite effect . ”
They acknowledged the growth in people trying to seek out the cover after they started the ban .
Go figure .
Here is a link to the Wikipedia entry with the old and “ new ” covers .
Geoffrey Lean
London Independent
Monday , Dec 08 , 2008
Evolution is being distorted by pollution , which damages genitals and the ability to father offspring , says new study .
Geoffrey Lean reports
The male gender is in danger , with incalculable consequences for both humans and wildlife , startling scientific research from around the world reveals .
The research – to be detailed tomorrow in the most comprehensive report yet published – shows that a host of common chemicals is feminising males of every class of vertebrate animals , from fish to mammals , including people .
Backed by some of the world ’s leading scientists , who say that it “ waves a red flag ” for humanity and shows that evolution itself is being disrupted , the report comes out at a particularly sensitive time for ministers .
On Wednesday , Britain will lead opposition to proposed new European controls on pesticides , many of which have been found to have “ gender - bending ” effects .
It also follows hard on the heels of new American research which shows that baby boys born to women exposed to widespread chemicals in pregnancy are born with smaller penises and feminised genitals .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“ This research shows that the basic male tool kit is under threat , ” says Gwynne Lyons , a former government adviser on the health effects of chemicals , who wrote the report .
Wildlife and people have been exposed to more than 100,000 new chemicals in recent years , and the European Commission has admitted that 99 per cent of them are not adequately regulated .
There is not even proper safety information on 85 per cent of them .
Many have been identified as “ endocrine disrupters ” – or gender - benders – because they interfere with hormones .
These include phthalates , used in food wrapping , cosmetics and baby powders among other applications ; flame retardants in furniture and electrical goods ; PCBs , a now banned group of substances still widespread in food and the environment ; and many pesticides .
Full article here
This article was posted : Monday , December 8 , 2008 at 4:47 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Short yellow light times at intersections have been shown to increase the number of traffic violations and accidents .
Conversely , increasing the yellow light duration can dramatically reduce red- light violations at an intersection .
Some local governments have ignored the safety benefit of increasing the yellow light time and decided to install red - light cameras , shorten the yellow light duration , and collect the profits instead .
Here are some of the cities that have been caught with short yellow light times over the past few years :
Important note :
These news stories were collected from the archives of TheNewspaper.com , an excellent resource for anyone interested in traffic laws and other motorist issues .
If you subscribe to TheNewspaper.com ’s feed , you ’ll never miss the latest news .
It makes an excellent complement to this blog .
1 ) Chattanooga , Tennessee
The city of Chattanooga was forced refund $ 8800 in red light cameras tickets issued to motorists trapped by an illegally short yellow time .
The refund only occurred after a motorist challenged his citation by insisting that the yellow light time of 3.0 seconds was too short .
LaserCraft , the private vendor that runs the camera program in return for a cut of the profits , provided the judge with a computer database that asserted the yellow was 3.8 seconds at that location .
The judge then personally checked the intersection in question was timed at three seconds while other nearby locations had about four seconds of yellow warning .
City traffic engineer John Van Winkle told Bean that “ a mix up with the turn arrow ” was responsible and that the bare minimum for the light should be 3.9 seconds .
Read the Full Story
2 ) Dallas , Texas
An investigation by KDFW - TV , a local TV station , found that of the ten cameras that issued the greatest number of tickets in the city , seven were located at intersections where the yellow duration is shorter than the bare minimum recommended by the Texas Department of Transportation ( TxDOT ) .
The city ’s second highest revenue producing camera , for example , was located at the intersection of Greenville Avenue and Mockingbird Lane .
It issued 9407 tickets worth $ 705,525 between January 1 and August 31 , 2007 .
At the intersections on Greenville Avenue leading up to the camera intersection , however , yellows are at least 3.5 or 4.0 seconds in duration , but the ticket - producing intersection ’s yellow stands at just 3.15 seconds .
That is 0.35 seconds shorter than TxDOT ’s recommended bare minimum .
Dallas likewise installed the cameras at locations with existing short yellow times .
A total of twenty - one camera intersections in Dallas had yellow times below TxDOT ’s bare minimum recommended amount .
The ticket camera program in Dallas made the news recently for shutting down some of its cameras because they were no longer profitable .
Read the Full Story
3 ) Springfield , Missouri
The city of Springfield , Missouri prepared for the installation of a red light camera system in 2007 by slashing the yellow warning time by one second at 105 state - owned intersection signals across the city .
The city defended its effort to the Springfield News - Leader by claiming it was “ standardizing ” and had increased the yellow time at 136 city - operated lights to meet national standards .
During the city council meeting last October where the red light camera ordinance was approved , however , Assistant Director of Public Works Earl Newman gave a different explanation for the reduction .
Newman said he was , “ concerned that many individuals run the light if the light remained yellow too long . ”
Read the Full Story
4 ) Lubbock , Texas
KBCD , a local television station , exposed the city ’s short timing of yellow lights at eight of the twelve intersections where the devices were to be installed .
Prior to the news investigation , Lubbock City Engineer Jere Hart assured city council members that he would not increase yellow times .
According to the city council ’s traffic commission minutes of September 19 , 2006 , Jere said , “ if [ the red light camera program is ] implemented , the public would prefer to have an increased amber cycle , ” but he stated that , “ the program will not adjust the amber / yellow time . ”
Shortly after the investigation became public , red - light cameras were installed in Lubbock .
However , after they proved to be both unprofitable ( due in part to a new state law giving 50 % of the ticket camera profit to the state ) and unsafe ( accidents increased where the cameras were installed ) , they were taken down .
Read the Full Story
5 ) Nashville , Tennessee
Even without red light cameras , police in Nashville , Tennessee have been earning hundreds of thousands in revenue by trapping motorists in conventional ticket traps at city intersections with the shortest yellow warning time .
In 2006 , Nashville resident Joe Savage obtained the data on every red light running ticket issued on Broadway street since 2000 .
He said that yellow lights are longer at intersections along Broadway until the areas where police are issuing tickets .
At those locations , Savage clocked the yellow signal time at less than 3 seconds , in violation of both state law and federal regulations .
A local newspaper , The Nashville Scene , then confirmed his findings .
Read the Full Story
6 ) Union City , California
In 2005 , Union City , California was caught trapping motorists with a yellow signal time 1.3 seconds below the minimum established by state law .
As a result , the city was forced to refund more than $ 1 million in red light camera fines .
The city ’s violation came to light after Dave Goodson , an engineer , received a ticket and realized that he did not have sufficient time to stop before the light had turned red .
As a result of his inquiries , Union City ’s traffic engineers admitted that they had set the yellow signal time at Union City Boulevard and Lowry Road at 3 seconds , despite the state law mandating the time be 4.3 seconds or greater .
Authorities said that the yellow was too short long before the cameras were installed , but that no effective system was in place to verify the timing of the traffic signals despite their direct impact on safety .
Read the Full Story
Closing Notes :
These are only the cities that have been caught ; it ’s likely that this happens much more than the general public has been led to believe .
Many cities avoid the bad publicity involved with shortening yellow lights by installing the cameras at intersections with inadequate yellow light times from the beginning .
If you or a family member receive an unjustified red - light violation ticket , it may be worth your time to check the yellow light duration at the intersection where the ticket was given out .
Also , if you know of any city currently shortening yellow lights in your area , let everyone know by posting it the comments of this post .
Image Credit : jaqian
[ / caption ]
Eris , the largest dwarf planet beyond Neptune , is currently at its furthest point in its orbit from the Sun ( an aphelion of nearly 100 AU ) .
At this distance Eris does n’t receive very much sunlight and any heating of the Plutoid will be at a minimum .
However , two recent observations of Eris have shown a rapid change in the surface composition of the body .
Spectroscopic analysis suggests the concentration of frozen nitrogen has dramatically altered during the two years Eris had been at this furthest point from the Sun .
This is very unexpected , there should be very little change in nitrogen concentration at this point in its 557 year orbit .
So what is going on with this strange Plutoid ?
Is there a mystery mechanism affecting the surface conditions of this frozen moon ?
Could there be some cryovolcanic process erupting ?
Or is the explanation a little more mundane ?
“ We ’re really scratching our heads , ” says Stephen Tegler of Northern Arizona University in Flagstaff , author of the new Eris research ( to be published in the journal Icarus ) .
Tegler and his team analysed spectroscopic data from the 6.5 metre MMT observatory in Arizona and compared their 2007 results with a similar observation campaign by the 4.2 metre William Herschel Telescope in Spain two years earlier in 2005 .
During that two year period , the scientists would n’t have thought there would be much difference in the two datasets .
After all , the reflected sunlight off the surface of Eris should reveal a similar surface composition , right ?
Actually , the results could n’t be more surprising .
It would appear that within two years , having not changed its distance from the Sun significantly , the surface composition has changed a lot .
Normally , this would be expected if a planetary body approaches or travels away from the Sun ; the increase or decrease in solar energy would change the weather conditions on the surface .
But this situation does not apply to Eris , there is little chance that the Sun could influence the weather on the surface of Eris to any degree ( or , indeed , if Eris even has “ weather ” ) .
So what have the researchers deduced from the comparison of the 2005 / 2007 data ?
It would appear the spectroscopic methane lines have become diluted by an increased quantity of nitrogen .
This means that the 2005 results showed a higher concentration of nitrogen near the surface , whereas the 2007 results show a higher concentration below the surface .
For a dwarf planet to demonstrate a very fast change in surface composition appears to show some very dynamic process is at work .
So what could have caused this change ?
In the case of a dynamic weather process , “ it ’s very hard to imagine that something that dramatic would be happening on a relatively short time scale , ” says Mike Brown of Caltech , a scientist not involved with the research .
Another possibility is that 2003ub313 is a cryovolcanic body .
Cryovolcanoes can erupt on icy moons or bodies in the Kuiper belt , but rather than spewing molten rock ( magma ) , they erupt volatiles like ammonia , water or ( in this case ) nitrogen and methane .
The ejected cryomagma then condenses into a solid , thus changing the surface composition of the icy body .
But it is not known whether Eris is warm enough for such a process to work .
More information on trans -Neptunian object ( TNO ) cryovolcanism will be examined when NASA ’s New Horizons mission reaches Eris ’ smaller cousin Pluto in 2015 .
“ If a shrimpy little body like Pluto can do it , Eris can too , ” said co-author William Grundy of Lowell Observatory in Flagstaff , Arizona .
However , there is a possibility that the surface composition of Eris has n’t changed at all .
The 2005 and 2007 observations may have been analysing two different regions on the dwarf planet , thus the difference in surface composition ( after all , the Plutoid has a rotation period of 26 hours , they would have almost definitely have seen different parts of Eris ) .
So the next step for the researchers is to carry out an extended campaign throughout an “ Eris day ” to see if the surface composition is in fact patchy , which would be an interesting discovery in itself .
Publication : arXiv:0811.0825v1 [ astro-ph ]
Original source : New Scientist
From the ' and she really is so nice " files :
Mozilla 's Chief Security Officer Window Snyder announced today that she is leaving her post at Mozilla by the end of the year .
I 've had the good fortune of speaking with Window many times by phone and met her several times as well .
Her grasp of the incredible issues that face browser developers made her an excellent spokesperson for Mozilla over the two years she was there .
" I am sad to be leaving , but I am excited to go work on something I have
always been passionate about , " Snyder blogged .
" I wish I could tell you about it now ,
but that will have to wait for a while . "
The last time I interviewed Snyder in person was at Black Hat in Las Vegas ,
she was accompanied by Johnathan Nightingale ( a local Toronto boy ) .
Nightingale is also named by Snyder as being part of the group that
will help to fill the gap when she leaves .
Mozilla has a deep bench when it comes to security and Nightingale and others within Mozilla are more than capable to take the security lead .
Still , I for one will miss speaking with Window Synder as a Mozilla person .
So good luck to you Window , wherever you end up !
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The number of people out of work in the UK in the three months to September jumped by 140,000 to 1.82 million - the highest in 11 years .
The unemployment rate rose to 5.8 % , up from 5.4 % in the previous quarter , according to official figures .
The number of people claiming the Jobseeker 's Allowance rose by 36,500 to 980,900 in October - the highest monthly increase since 1992 .
Economists say unemployment could top two million within months .
These latest jobs figures came shortly before the Bank of England produced its gloomiest set of forecasts for in more than a decade .
The Bank said Britain 's economy had probably already entered recession and was likely to contract further in 2009 .
On Tuesday news came of more than 5,000 cuts by firms including Virgin Media , Yell and GlaxoSmithKline .
Policy ' priority '
The annual growth rate of average earnings , including bonuses , eased to 3.3 % in the three months to September compared to the previous period .
Excluding bonuses , average earnings grew at 3.6 % , unchanged on the previous three months .
Inflation is currently 5.2 % but is set to plummet as the economy slows .
The UK labour market is about to suffer the consequences of the once - in - a - generation financial crisis
Graeme Leach , Institute of Directors
How to cope during the downturn
How to negotiate during redundancy
The number of manufacturing jobs fell to 2.86 million , the lowest figure since records began in 1978 .
TUC general secretary Brendan Barber said : " The signs are that redundancies are coming even faster since these figures were collected .
Countering unemployment must be public policy priority number one . "
ING economist James Knightley said that the last recession in the early 1990s saw 31 consecutive monthly rises in unemployment .
" We are likely to have plenty more bad news on the labour market to come , " he warned .
He said the number of those out of work would " push towards 2.5 million in 2010 " .
Union pleas Derek Simpson , joint general secretary of the Unite trade union , called for a programme of government intervention .
" Only urgent and widespread action by government to protect jobs and homes will help hard - pressed families through the worst of this global turmoil , " he said .
GMB general secretary Paul Kenny said : " The chancellor is right to spend money to keep people in work rather than spend money on unemployment benefit . "
" He needs to keep the pedal to the metal in terms of spending on regeneration , " he said .
Graeme Leach , of the Institute of Directors , said unemployment could rise to 2.8 million by 2010 .
" The UK labour market is about to suffer the consequences of the once - in - a - generation financial crisis , " he said .
Jobless totals
The claimant count - those claiming Jobseeker 's Allowance - has now increased for nine months in a row and is 154,800 higher than a year ago .
The number of people in work fell by 99,000 to 29.4 million and vacancies were down by 40,000 to 589,000 , according to the Office for National Statistics .
The unemployment rate of 5.8 % is the highest since early 2000 , while the number of people looking for work has jumped by 182,000 over the past year .
The number of unemployed men was 1.07 million , up 85,000 over the latest quarter , while 55,000 more women joined the ranks of the unemployed , up to 750,000 .
Unemployment among 18 to 24 - year - olds increased by 53,000 to 579,000 , the highest figure since 1995 .
Long - term unemployment rose , with the numbers out of work for longer than a year up by 20,000 to 435,000 .
There was also increase in redundancies , as 156,000 people reported they had up lost their jobs during the three months to September - up 29,000 from the previous quarter .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
" When I find you and I will , your going to understand what it 's like to be a fish out of water .
God help you and your family .
I tracked your IP address and I 'm coming for you ...... you do n't know when to stop and when you do it will be too late for you to start ever again . "
Mary ,
Mary with shorter ( yet still greasy ) hair -e .
Why do you hate people so ?
Do you truly despise others ?
Or , perhaps just your mother ?
Or , maybe ... just yourself .
192.248.248.66
IP address [ ? ] : 192.248.248.66 Copy [ Whois ]
IP address country : ip address flag United States
IP address state : California
IP address city : Riverside
IP address latitude : 33.940399
IP address longitude : -117.395897
ISP of this IP [? ] : CITY OF RIVERSIDE
Organization : CITY OF RIVERSIDE
Local Time of this IP country : 2008-12-22 22:31
I contacted the city for an explanation as to why a harassing email written in an account impersonating me was sent out through their computer network .
I was essentially told by Information Technology head , Steve Reneker to contact Yahoo about the " alleged impersonations " because the city could n't or would n't even provide an explanation as to how why its IP address appeared on a header with the harassment email .
The city apparently believed that the appropriate response to this situation was to have Yahoo answer to a behavior that was done on a city - owned network that it had nothing to do with .
That 's called passing the buck in most worlds .
So can people write harassing emails on city owned equipment or using city - administrated networks do so with impunity .
Unfortunately , the answer is yes .
This is a much less serious example of how that is so than that involving the above blogger but the mentality is pretty much the same .
It comes from pretty much the same place .
And it 's not a very good place at that .
Just as it was yes , when I was harassed for two years by still - unidentified ( at least to me ) individuals although I bumped into one of them on another site about a month ago .
The writing style , syntax , punctuation and overall flair if you can call it that , were the same that I was subjected to for month after month filled with hateful posts where he harassed me and thumbed his noses at those allegedly investigating his antics .
It was like getting hit in the face by a blast of cold air .
Being among his own kind considering how he identified himself and not the " whore " or the " bitch " or maybe even the " cunt " , his manners were somewhat better than how he had behaved on my site with his friends .
I had pretty much put the episode of cyber stalking behind me but when I read the familiar style of writing , it all came back in a rush .
Just like it did when in the autumn of 2006 , I watched the only cyber harasser who had ever been identified to me by a representative of the police department , receive a civic award from the city council .
Only in Riverside can an officer get slapped on the wrist for conduct unbecoming of an officer and get a civic award in the same year .
But then that might not be the case at all .
Maybe that happens everywhere .
Maybe it's when it does n't , that is when an exception prevails over the rule .
So I know better than most what lies ahead for this woman if she insists that she live in a world where she can blog about the issues that matter to her and keep herself and her family safe from individuals like those who threatened her via email , who may or may not be the same people who are sworn to protect and serve people .
But when someone states in writing that they 're coming after you , it 's going to make you fearful , it 's going to make you always look over your shoulder and that 's part of the thrill and the power these cowards exert over others .
Just like when someone " prays " that serious harm comes to you or your family , or says they are coming looking for you with their friends in blue .
But what 's the incentive to not engage in this behavior if you 're awarded after the fact ?
The decision to do just that sent a pretty loud message about some of the disturbing remainders of a police culture which was supposed to be stamped out by former State Attorney General Bill Lockyer 's consent decree .
In some elementary ways , this agency has a long way to go even as it's been successful in other areas of reform .
It 's going to make you wonder if this person , that person or that person in that squad car over there is the one who wrote somewhere that they saw you that day .
That they saw you the day before and the week before that and then paint that image they took from those sightings in disgusting and intimate detail .
After all , they can afford to do so in Florida and they can afford to do it here , because their privacy under state law is more important than your safety .
It 's their playing field after all .
So having learned the reality of how the system of self - investigation works and just how well law enforcement handles its own problems in its midst , I can only hope that this blogger receives some form of justice and feeling of safety for having the life of her and her family threatened by some coward hiding behind anonymity but unfortunately , I 'll be surprised if that actually happens because in law enforcement 's current state , it can't as long as it thinks the " good " that its " bad apples " do when they 're not engaging in bad behavior outweighs that bad behavior that they do and anyone harmed by said bad behavior , is just acceptable collateral damage .
That 's a pretty good explanation , as good as any as to why a department and a city would award an officer who had committed what it called misconduct .
I also hope that she never gives up her blogging though that can be difficult in the face of threats especially if you have children .
But in the end as abhorrent as this behavior can be , it 's a litmus test on whether or not your blogging is having an impact though that 's not much consolation when it happens to you .
Eventually , you learn to live with it .
You learn to take precautions .
You learn to be careful about who you trust including police officers .
It 's not really fair because the vast majority of them are good people who work hard to keep people safe but unfortunately , there are members in their rank who hide behind them as justification to harass .
Why not ?
They have all the protection in the world .
After all , who 's going to investigate them anyway ?
Their former supervisor who got transferred to Internal Affairs after working in the same unit ?
Their drinking buddy ?
Their best friend ?
The officer whose life they saved a month before by backing them up in a dangerous situation ?
One or more of the above ?
But it 's hard reading about it when it happens to someone else .
Because an attack against one blogger is really an attack against all of us who address these issues .
In this particular case involving the city - sent email , about a week later , after I blogged about the email , I received the following one from a Charter Communications ISP in Riverside .
That 's the first and only apology I ever received from a cyber harasser to date .
North Korea has taken a massive leap forward in telecommunications and launched a 3G cellular network but details about the service , how much it costs and who is eligible to use it remain a mystery .
The new network is operated by Cheo Technology and was launched at 5 p.m. local time ( 8 a.m. GMT ) , said Rascha Mohamed , a spokeswoman for Orascom Telecom in Cairo .
Cheo is a joint - venture company in which Orascom holds a 75 percent share and the state - run Korea Posts and Telecommunications Corp. ( KPTC ) holds the remainder .
Cheo has been given a 25 - year license to operate a WCDMA ( Wideband Code Division Multiple Access ) network in North Korea .
For the first four years of the license , the operator has exclusive rights to operate a cell phone service and does n't have to pay taxes for the first five years .
Orascom says it intends to invest US $ 400 million in the network and the license fee during its first three years .
Orascom announced its deal in January and at the time said it planned to offer " voice , data and value - added services at accessible prices to the Korean people . "
North Korea is one of the poorest nations in Asia and one of the most tightly controlled societies in the world .
For many of its citizens a simple , analog dialtone would count as a " value - added service " so its with some interest that analysts are watching the network 's roll - out .
North Korea launched a cell phone service in 2003 but access was restricted in 2004 , shortly after a massive explosion ripped through a train depot in the north of the country within hours of the passage of a train carrying leader Kim Jong Il .
North Korea - watchers suspect the train - yard explosion was an assassination attempt with the bomb triggered by a cell phone .
Cell phones smuggled from neighboring China are popular along the border area where Chinese cellular signals can be received to communicate and exchange information with family and aid groups based in China .
However the phones are prohibited so must be used in strict secrecy .
While Orascom signed the cellular deal in January , it had been wooing the North Korean government for at least a year before that .
An unnamed company executive visited Pyongyang in January 2007 and held talks that led to the signing of a cooperation agreement between Orascom and the KPTC .
" Both sides agreed to realize long - term cooperation in the sector of telecommunication of the DPRK in the spirit of South - South cooperation and the principles of mutual respect and non-interference in internal affairs , " the state - controlled Korea Central News Agency reported after the visit concluded .
Barack Obama ’s Ultimate Guide to Marketing : How he Used Internet and Social Media to Become President - Elect
Marketing
Barack Obama ’s election was historic not just politically – his use of the the Internet to promote awareness and create a loyal following will be the template which all future presidential campaigns will draw inspiration from .
History was created when Barack Obama won the race to the White House .
Youth vote had a major role to play in the landslide victory , and the role that the internet – the living space of the youth – had to play in his success will be a subject for an endless stream articles such as this !
Barack Obama had a formidable opponent in Hillary Clinton , and during the democratic primaries , where the Obama campaign beat her hollow .
A little into the campaign , social media quickly decided to support Obama , and there was no looking back for him .
Hillary conceded , and from there it was on to the bigger battle .
Obama has been successful in realizing , releasing and capitalizing the true potential of the Internet .
If there is any lesson for Democrats and Republicans after Obama ’s huge success in mobilizing first - time voters and campaign funds , it is that no future campign will be able to slack off on a top - class internet marketing strategy .
Obama – or his campaign strategists – realized the fact that besides the public appearances , rallies and stump speeches that were necessary , there was another effective medium for connecting with the people of the USA and that was the Internet .
No other presidential candidate has been able to realize this potential of the internet .
Website :
The official website , BarackObama.com is not just designed well , navigating within the site was a pleasure and information was easily accessible .
The presentation has been excellent ; updates were continuous through the website .
Updates on the website included links to videos , articles and appearances of Barack Obama .
The website did not remain just a brochure website ; it transformed into a platform from where anyone can make calls in support of Obama , volunteer , make contributions and even register the vote .
The my.barackobama.com section promoted the group of Obama only .
One has got the freedom to set up one ’s own blog or group within this website .
The Flick& Videos has been integrated into this website .
This has facilitated Obama ’s team to take advantage of the audience that is already on the social sites .
“ Were it not for the Internet , Barack Obama would not be president .
Were it not for the Internet , Barack Obama would not have been the nominee , ” said Arianna Huffington , editor - in - chief of The Huffington Post .
Social Media :
Social news and social media are essential tools , and living environment , of the youth .
And where the youth are , that ’s where marketing dollars should go .
And in this case , campaign dollars went there too .
The social media network developed by the Barack Obama campaign created more than 3,500,000 friends for Barack Obama .
YouTube , the largest online video streaming site , shows more than 134,000 subscriptions , and FaceBook shows more than 3,000,000 supporters .
The Barack Obama campaign presented a tech - savvy , intelligent face to their candidate – and the young audience loved it .
Obama volunteers formed Facebook groups , there was the famous ‘ Donate your status to Obama ’ campaign in Facebook and Obama speeches went viral with the active participation of the geek - crowd .
Social news sites such as Digg and Reddit loved Barack Obama .
Supporters tirelessly submitted positive news about Obama , dissed news about John McCain and Sarah Palin , and worked hard to promote positive Obama news on the homepages of Digg ad Reddit .
Volunteers and activists started ‘ get out the vote ’ campaigns , offered advice – and it became a wave that carried a lot of the fence - sitters into the Obama camp .
Search Engine Optimization ( SEO ) :
When you search for words “ Barack ” and “ Obama ” in any of the four search engines you will be stunned to have the presidential campaign website of Barack Obama to be the first in the list .
This has been made possible by the team of Barack Obama which has carried out the Search Engine Optimization activities as effectively and efficiently as possible .
The Splash page that greets the visitor to the website has details to be filled in .
The contents of the website surface after one has filled the data .
The data is used to send emails about Obama ’s campaign .
For each page there is a different title tag .
There are descriptive
Alt tag descriptions with most of the images .
The header tags have also been used effectively .
Thus the SEO tactics have paid good returns .
Pay Per Click ( PPC ) and Sponsored Listings :
Republican Fred Thompson has been the only other candidate to have used the strategy of sponsored listings or PPC .
If you want to achieve your objective one has to make the optimum use of the resources that are available .
In this case , Barack Obama has been able to use the use the maximum potential of his presidential campaign website .
Obama and his team make the best use of the sponsored listings that are available to them .
This availability could be through any source , be either bought or donated .
Most keywords related to the presidential election campaign were captured by the Obama campaign .
The only way any person could be ignorant of Obama is if he is staying on a remote island without any communication with anyone else .
Blogging :
Blogging is yet another tool of internet marketing strategy that has not been given as much attention as is required .
Not so in the case of Obama ’s election campaign , though .
The official blog is very well integrated with the website .
Obama ’s team constitutes of active bloggers who continuously post relevant and latest articles every day .
Sometimes posts received more than 325 comments within an hour of posting .
This reveals to what extent the blog is active and whether the people are watching and reading it or not .
It can be aptly said that Obama turned out to be the choice of America ; but we can also say that this choice has been marketed effectively and efficiently through the internet .
This presidential election campaign is sure to change the utility of the internet in the future not only to market the products and service but also running the election campaigns successfully .
( 15 votes , average : 4.73 out of 5 )
votes , average : out of 5 ) Loading ... Loading ...
Leave a Reply
Snipers are nasty , everyone knows that .
They hunt people like animals , killing them without giving them a chance to fight or even to surrender .
Few soldiers are more hated ; even their own armies often seem less than pleased to have them around .
So why is the British Ministry of Defence happy to announce that it has just spent a large sum of money on new , supercool sniper rifles ?
Why are the British armed forces currently rushing to train as many new snipers as they can ?
Why is Blighty proud to claim that it makes some of the best sniper weapons in the world ?
Why , indeed , are our old friends at DARPA - the Pentagon 's one - stop - shop for the Q - branch and supervillain community - handing out money this week to develop a guided smart - bullet for use in sniper rifles ?
Reaching out and touching someone
It might be because there 's another side to snipers and sniping after all .
In particular , even though a sniper will often be personally responsible for huge numbers of deaths - body counts in the hundreds for an individual shooter are far from unheard of - as a class snipers kill relatively few people compared to the effects they achieve .
Furthermore , when a sniper kills someone , it is almost always a person they meant to kill , not just someone standing around in the wrong place and time .
These are not things that most branches of the military can say .
But , for a well - trained military sniper at least , " collateral damage " - the accidental killing and injuring of bystanders and unintended targets - is almost nonexistent .
Mistakes do occur , but compared to a platoon of regular soldiers armed with automatic weapons , rockets , grenades etc a sniper is delicacy itself .
Compared to crew - served and vehicle weapons , artillery , tanks , air support or missile strikes , a sniper is not just surgically precise but almost magically so .
Yet he ( or sometimes she ) is reviled as the next thing to a murderer , while the mainstream mass slaughter people are seen as relatively normal .
Consider the team who put a strike jet into the air : a couple of aircrew , technicians , armourers , planners , their supporting cooks and medics and security and supply people .
Perhaps fifty or sixty people , then , who together send up a plane which can deliver a huge load of bombs at least twice a day .
Almost every week in Afghanistan and Iraq right now , such bombs are dropped .
The nature of heavy ordnance being what it is , these bombs kill and maim not just their targets ( assuming there is a correctly - located target ) but everyone else around .
Civilian deaths in air strikes are becoming a massive issue for NATO and coalition troops in Afghanistan .
Those sixty people , in a busy week , could easily put hundreds of tons of munitions into a battlefield - an amount of destructive power approaching that of a small nuclear weapon .
This kind of firepower can and will kill many times more people than sixty snipers could in the same time span - and many of the dead will typically be innocent bystanders , often including children and the elderly .
Such things are happening , on longer timescales , as this article is written .
Furthermore , all these bomber people - even the aircrew - run significantly less personal risk than snipers do .
But nobody thinks of a bomb armourer , or a " fighter " pilot " , or a base cook as a cowardly assassin .
Their efforts are at least as deadly per capita , they run less personal risks , but they 're just doing their jobs .
And let 's not forget everyone else : artillerymen , tank crews , machine gunners .
Nobody particularly loathes them , or considers them cowardly assassins .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
It is official .
According to a bipartisan Senate report , then Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld and President George W. Bush bear responsibility for the torture and abuse of prisoners at Abu Ghraib , Bagram and Guantanamo and the tossing aside of the Geneva Conventions , which are part of US law .
It mystifies me as to why this report is being announced now , at the end of the week and at a time of the year in the political calendar when it will not get much play .
The report calls for no sanctions to be imposed , even though it implies that high US officials committed war crimes .
But if I were Rumsfeld and Bush , I ’d avoid a lot of travel abroad from now on .
Some zealous prosecutor might have them arrested , as happened to “ Gen. Augusto Pinochet , who was charged in Spain and arrested in Britain ( though he was released to Chile , he had been in danger of being extradited to Spain ) .
.
GOP Senator Says Republicans Have n’t Learned Their Lesson
An anonymous Republican United States senator has said that Republicans have n’t learned their lesson and that if they do n’t do so soon than they will lose more elections .
I agree with him that Republicans have n’t learned their lessons , but I disagree with the lessons that this man thinks that we need to learn .
This GOP senator claims that Republicans need to become more like Democrats if they want to win .
He talks a little about immigration .
He is a moderate on immigration , which is to say he is out of step with most of his party .
He says the Republican hard line on immigration hurt the party with Hispanics .
Excuse me senator but was n’t John McCain the author of the amnesty bill that President Bush was in favor of passing ?
The man who won the nomination of the Republican party was willing to sell out our country , the country that he once defended , to illegal immigrants that DO NOT BELONG HERE !
This senator also embraces big government .
Small government — the mantra of the Republican Party ever since Ronald Reagan — will not work anymore , the senator says .
“ We ca n’t revive the ghost of Ronald Reagan , ” he says .
“ People want government in times of need . ”
According to this senator Republicans need to embrace big government , he claims that people want bigger government .
This senator does not sound like a Republican to me .
What does this Republican think about people owning their own houses ?
“ Homeownership ? ” the senator says eventually .
“ That ’s not so good , is it ? ”
Is this where our party is headed ?
Are we to become the illegal alien amnesty granting , big government , no private property party ?
How is it possible for the Republicans to regain their base , the base that abandoned them in the last two elections for forgetting who they were if they continue to blur the line between Republican and Democrat ?
The answer to the Republican party ’s problems is not to become more like Democrats it is to distinguish differences between the parties and let the people decide .
John McCain tried the philosophy that this senator employs , he ran as a Democrat lite , he courted moderates and Democrats and abandoned his base and we saw what the result was .
And now this senator wants to continue this lunacy ?
This is a recipe for disaster .
I have to say that I could n’t disagree with this senator any more than I do .
He speaks about winning votes by listening to , and one can presume , using campaign rhetoric to tell voters what they want to hear instead of sticking to beliefs and winning over votes based on ideals .
What good does it do to regain power if the way you regain power is to change who you are and what you believe ?
If Republicans believe that the only way to win elections is to become more like Democrats and they do become more like Democrats than what difference does it matter who you vote for ?
If you are going to vote for either a Democrat or a faux Democrat you might as well vote for the real deal .
It is time for Republicans to get a clear , consise message , it is time to highlight the differences between Republicans and Democrats and let the voters decide .
If we continue to run Democrat lite candidates like John McCain for offices we will continue to lose .
It is not time to hide in the shadows and hope we are not seen , it is tome to come out fighting for what we believe in and take back the country .
I just hope that there are not too many more Republicans , politicians and voters , who believe what this senator believes .
I hope that there are a vast majority of Republicans who believe what I do and that is that we must show the country our policies and not the policies that we think will help us win .
It is not time to blur the line between parties , it is time to draw the line between parties .
If we do n’t do that than this senator is right , we have n’t learned our lesson .
However it is the exact opposite lesson than the one he thinks we should have learned .
John McCain is living proof about what happens when you run a faux Democrat against a true Democrat .
That should be a lesson to all Republicans .
We must take our party back .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Secretary of State - designate Hillary Clinton had $ 6.4 million in presidential campaign debt at the end of November , according to a report filed Saturday with the Federal Election Commission .
Hillary Clinton says she hopes to have her campaign debt paid before her possible confirmation as secretary of state .
The amount , though still significant , represents the lowest level of debt the New York senator 's failed presidential campaign has reported this year .
Clinton 's campaign debt reached its peak , $ 12 million , at the end of June and has gradually fallen since then .
Clinton said she hopes to pay off her debt before her possible confirmation as secretary of state .
Clinton has also officially forgiven the $ 13.2 million she personally loaned her campaign .
Under the McCain - Feingold campaign finance law , presidential candidates who loan their campaigns money from personal funds may only be paid back if they do so by the national party convention -- in this case , the Democratic National Convention held last August in Denver .
Clinton began November with $ 985,000 in her campaign account and raised nearly $ 290,000 by the end of the month .
Her campaign paid out $ 1.2 million , mainly to unpaid vendors , ending the month with $ 188,000 in the bank .
The $ 6.4 million in remaining debt is owed to a total of 16 creditors .
The largest unpaid amount is owed to Penn , Schoen & Berland , a political consulting and polling firm that advised Clinton during her presidential bid .
The firm 's president , Mark Penn , served as chief strategist to Clinton for most of her campaign until he was forced out of his position in April after revelations that he lobbied for a U.S. - Colombia trade deal on behalf of the Colombian government despite Clinton 's opposition to the measure .
However , he never left the campaign entirely .
All About Hillary Clinton
<
One of Turkey ’s nonuniform secret police officers is seen on this video tapeKurdish boy .
The officer does n’t show any kinds of emotion , and the precision and skill with which the boy ’s arm was broken demonstrated the officer ’s brutality and cold blooded mentality .
Tags
The credit markets are in some turmoil , and numerous market watchers and commentators are calling for or even ( like Jim Cramer ) demanding a rate cut from the Fed .
The immediate question for these market watchers , of course , is this : how will the market react to cuts , or to no cuts ?
But the broader question is , how will the underlying economy react ?
The actions of the underlying economy are determined by business owners , entrepreneurs , who make decisions about how to invest funds , whether to expand or contract hiring , etc .
So the basic issue , now and always , concerning Fed rate cuts and Fed intervention in general is , how do entrepreneurs react to Fed intervention ?
The Austrian Business Cycle Theory ( ABCT ) holds , in part , that central bank intervention often causes interest rates to be artificially low , and these artificially low rates mislead entrepreneurs into making investment errors .
The result of these errors is the familiar boom and bust cycle .
But other schools of economists disagree .
A common argument against the ABCT is that entrepreneurs are too smart to be fooled by Fed intervention .
The argument claims that entrepreneurs recognize the Fed actions and ignore the Fed by proceeding as if the interest rates were where they would be if they were set by the free market and not by Fed intervention .
If this contention is true , the ABCT is wrong in its conclusions about what causes the boom and bust cycle . [ 1 ]
Do these critics of the ABCT have a point ?
To assess the strength of the critics ' argument , a brief overview of the basic ABCT is useful .
[ 2 ]
In part , the ABCT says that , without central bank involvement , the time preferences of market participants set interest rates ; and interest rates reflect the risk level of projects undertaken by entrepreneurs .
When the central bank injects money into the system , this artificially lowers interest rates , and entrepreneurs react as if the " natural " interest rate had fallen because of market fundamentals .
The entrepreneurs then undertake projects that were n't profitable at the higher rate .
Because long - term projects are normally inherently riskier than short - term projects , the new projects are disproportionately long term .
These are projects related to the higher stages of production , those far removed from the low - level stages where goods for immediate consumption are produced .
Such long - term projects create the infrastructure that allows for increased production in the future , and they are financed by the savings built up by consumers in a previous period when their time preferences were higher and they tended to save more and spend less . [ 3 ]
But , because the lower rates are the result of the injection of money — a medium of exchange , not true wealth — by the central bank , many of these projects should n't have been undertaken .
A misallocation of resources has occurred .
When the central bank eventually raises rates artificially to combat the inevitable inflation that results from the money injection , the malinvestments become apparent , and entrepreneurs must abandon the now - unprofitable projects or sell them to mitigate their losses . [ 4 ]
The critical argument has some superficial appeal .
But it dissolves on closer examination , as numerous Austrian School writers have demonstrated .
AUSTRIAN RESPONSES
So the entrepreneurs should just recognize the artificially low rates and the excess liquidity and adjust .
Good idea .
But precisely how does one do that ?
For starters , how does one determine what the correct rates should be ?
Roger W. Garrison has compared the entrepreneur 's situation to that of a person whose radio signal is jammed .
" [ K ] nowing that a signal is jammed is not the same things as knowing what the unjammed signal is , " he wrote .
He added :
During a monetary expansion the price of iron ore , for instance , may rise by eight percent .
This eight percent rise may consist of an increase in the real price of iron ore ( due to coincidental changes in the underlying real factors ) of two percent plus a money - induced price rise of six percent .
Or it may consist of some other combination of real and money - induced changes whose algebraic sum is eight percent . [ 5 ]
Robert Murphy and Mark Erickson use a similar image to describe the confusion the entrepreneur faces :
[ E]ven agents with RE [ rational expectations ] will be more likely to commit more than a critical number of errors over time , if we add noise to the signal on which they rely for guidance .
Yes , the agents will take into account this extra noise when making their decisions , but they cannot completely offset it . [ 6 ]
As Murphy and Erikson note in the same article , entrepreneurs must not only take into account the current central bank intervention , but the fact that intervention has been occurring for decades .
As they point out , those who claim entrepreneurs would anticipate and adjust to the credit loosening " assume — at least with their description of the boom — an initial free market state , and then analyze the impact of a one - shot intervention . "
This is unrealistic , of course .
They continue :
If this were really what happened , then yes , it would be surprising if rational businesspeople continually fell for the ruse .
However , in reality the government ( in each major country ) has implemented a permanent intervention in the credit market by the creation of a central bank ( or a centralized system of banks ) .
Actors in these economies have no idea what the free market rate of interest would be in the absence of such interference ; even if the Fed raises rates , the new rate could still be below the " natural rate " of canonical ABCT .
Gene Callahan has also addressed the fact that the " natural " interest rate long ago disappeared in a haze of governmental meddling :
When , exactly , could we point to a time when we saw that rate [ the natural rate ] on the market ?
The Fed is always intervening , attempting to establish some rate .
We might assume that , at least some of the time , the Fed - influenced rate has been close to the market rate , but how do we know at which times ? …
Fed watchers might be able to tell entrepreneurs that the Fed is easing .
But is it easing toward the market rate of interest from some level above it , or further past the market rate from some level already below it ? [ 7 ]
Those who expect entrepreneurs to perform such calculations are simply asking too much .
As Callahan sums up this point , " The idea that entrepreneurs are committing significant errors by not somehow divining where the rate ought to be is to criticize them for lacking superhuman capacities . "
Callahan also notes that , while many business people have certainly gotten more sophisticated in their analysis of the Fed and its actions , the Fed has gotten more sophisticated in its analysis of business people .
He writes :
If businessmen feel the Fed will raise rates , and therefore they refrain from hiring , undertaking new projects , making new capital good orders , and so on , then the Fed , watching the statistics collected on new hires , capital good spending , etc. , will be less likely to raise rates .
The Fed will explain that the economic growth seems " under control . "
The entrepreneur , then , pursuant to the argument under consideration here , must not only sweep away the fog of years of past interventions , he must also predict what the Fed will do in the future and when it will do it — all while the Fed tries to anticipate what the entrepreneurs will do .
It seems that any entrepreneur who attempts to undertake such investigations would have little time for things such as serving his customers , improving his product and responding to his customers ' preferences .
These things , after all , are what entrepreneurs do , and it is these day - to - day operational skills that make the capitalist economy efficient and productive .
Garrison addressed this issue when he discussed Hayek 's contention that there are two kinds of knowledge in relation to the economy :
Hayek 's distinction … between two kinds of knowledge allows us to take account of what market participants can and cannot reasonably be expected to know .
The distinction is that between the knowledge of the particular circumstances of time and place ( that is , normal market information coupled with various degrees of entrepreneurial insights ) and scientific knowledge ( that is , an understanding of how the economic system works — knowledge of the structure of the economy ) .
Market participants can reasonably be expected to have the first kind of knowledge , but not the second kind .
Given their knowledge of the particular circumstances of time and place , they can be induced by market - determined prices to behave " as if " they understood the structure of the economy .
But they cannot be expected to correct for money - induced price distortions on the basis of an actual understanding of the economy ’s structure . [ 8 ]
The critics would respond , no doubt , that many businesses can hire experts to perform the calculations for them .
That is certainly true , though it is also true that most businesses — especially small businesses , the majority of businesses in the United States — cannot afford such experts .
But , more importantly , even if all companies could obtain expert advice , would this matter ?
Why should we assume that all , or any significant portion , of these experts would conclude that Fed intervention is a problem to be dealt with ?
Not all economists are Austrian .
Many adamantly reject the ABCT .
So how would this mix of conflicting advice somehow allow masses of entrepreneurs , and hence the economy itself , to avoid the ill - effects of Fed intervention ?
As Garrison concluded :
Some believe that the economy works in the manner envisioned by Keynes or by his many interpreters , some believe that the economy is more accurately depicted by the Classical model , and some believe that the economic relationships identified by the Austrians are essential to the understanding of the economy 's structure . …
It would be an amazing feat for market participants [ or their consultants ] either individually or collectively to single out not only the correct theoretical framework but also the parametric values that are currently applicable . [ 9 ]
How reasonable is it to assume that vast numbers of entrepreneurs and their economic advisors would understand and accept as accurate the teachings of the Austrian School ?
Then , as noted throughout , even if they did , could they avoid the problems caused by the intervention ?
Is this expecting entrepreneurs and their advisors to have " superhuman capacities , " as Callahan states ?
It seems likely that even if most entrepreneurs accepted the ABCT and tried to avoid being pulled into the cheap - money morass , there would be those who would knowingly borrow at the below - market rates and take the risks associated with the loans .
These companies would be those that were undercapitalized , perhaps startups or companies in trouble .
In short , they would be the companies that had nothing to lose .
And , eventually , they might pull the stronger companies into the fray .
For example , Callahan explains the situation this way :
Even if they [ companies that are not financially stable ] could tell that they are witnessing an artificial boom , it might make sense for them to " take a flier " anyway .
As it is , they are either not capitalized , or on the verge of failing .
If they ride the boom , they will have a couple of years of the high life .
And who knows , their business just might make it through !
Or , perhaps , they will build a sufficient customer base to be purchased , maybe even enough to retire on .
In that case , it might not matter to them if their company ultimately fails .
And , as Callahan also notes , the companies with little to lose that take advantage of the cheap money eventually begin to threaten the more stable , economically informed companies , which are trying to avoid the boom :
Although the most skilled entrepreneurs suspect that the expansion is artificial , most can't afford to shut down their business for the duration of the boom .
But if they can't , they must increasingly compete with [ the struggling companies who borrowed ] for access to the factors of production .
The competition for the factors of production drives up costs for all companies , not only the ones who , intentionally or obliviously , have leapt into the pool of Fed - created capital .
So , the stable companies trying to avoid the artificial boom are faced with difficult choices , and many will be forced to participate in the boom , even if they know better .
Of course , in the real world , the entrepreneurs running these firms will not know exactly where interest rates should be , so they will not know how much risk they are undertaking .
If , for example , market rates are at 2 % and the entrepreneurs think that the natural rate would be at 7 % , the entrepreneurs might be more willing to avoid the boom .
But they can't know this .
All they can know is that they believe the market rates are too low — though , of course , the market rates might actually be the natural rate , in which case the entrepreneurs would be making an error by not undertaking appropriate long - term projects .
The bottom line is , the Fed intervention causes confusion and makes decision - making riskier than it would be in a free - market environment .
As the ABCT says , it causes entrepreneurs to make clusters of mistakes .
That opportunity costs are driven artificially low also puts pressure on entrepreneurs to participate in the boom .
The prevailing interest rate matters not only because it is the borrowing rate , of course , but because it sets the risk - free rate , or the opportunity cost , for investments .
If a company determines that a project will return 5 % a year but it can get 5.5 % on savings , a relatively risk - free return , normally the company will opt for the safe 5.5 % return .
But when Fed intervention drives rates below the natural rate , risk - free returns are below where they should be .
For example , say Company XYZ reviews several projects and determines that none will return more then 5 % a year .
Company XYZ 's managers think that , were they in a free market , the natural rate would be 5.5 % .
( They can't actually determine this , but assume they can for the sake of argument . )
So , they want to opt for the risk - free return of 5.5 % .
But wait .
The 5.5 % return does n't exist , because the Fed has driven rates to artificial lows , and the best they can get is , say , 4 % .
Here the ABCT critics ' admonition to act as if natural rates existed is meaningless advice .
The managers can't act as if 5.5 % existed and opt for it as their risk - free rate , because it does n't exist in the real world .
The risk - free rate is 4 % .
The managers can either take the 4 % risk - free return or pursue the 5 % return , with our without borrowed money , realizing that they might never complete the project if the boom turns to bust too soon .
But the concept of opportunity cost is skewed here , because the available opportunity cost is 4 % , though it should be 5.5 % .
Pursuing the 5 % return leads to more risk than is necessary .
And , again , the artificially low rates cause entrepreneurs to accept excessive risk , which risk can't be avoided by anticipating and adjusting to the Fed easing .
Note , too , that if Company XYZ has shareholders or investors , the managers ( or ultimately , the directors ) may be under pressure from them to pursue the 5 % return .
Unless the shareholders or investors are all students of the Austrian School and agree that the natural rate would be 5.5 % , they are n't likely to look kindly on a decision by the managers or directors to opt for a 4 % risk - free return instead of pursuing a project that will return 5 % .
So the managers or directors might have to pursue the 5 % return to avoid claims of mismanagement or even breach of fiduciary duty .
Again , how can these entrepreneurs follow the critics ' advice and adjust to and avoid the effects of Fed intervention ?
CONCLUSION
Despite what critics of the ABCT say , entrepreneurs can't easily avoid the effects of Fed intervention .
It is n't possible to determine what the natural rate should be .
Small businesses particularly can't be expected to recognize and react to Fed intervention , and there is no evidence that even large , sophisticated businesses can perform any relevant and meaningfully accurate calculations and forecasts .
Even if it were possible to make these calculations , many struggling entrepreneurs , having little to lose , would participate in the boom , putting competitive pressure on entrepreneurs who would prefer to avoid the boom .
Under any reasonable scenario , Fed intervention increases the risk level by making decisions more difficult and forcing entrepreneurs to focus on unknowable , policy - related issues instead of operational and customer preference matters .
Ultimately , the criticism of the ABCT goes to a fundamental disagreement between the Austrian School and other schools of economics : the effectiveness , or lack thereof , of economic models , especially mathematical models . [ 10 ]
Those who encourage entrepreneurs to analyze the Fed 's actions and adjust their actions accordingly are , in effect , saying that the entrepreneurs should utilize modern economic models to understand and predict economic activity .
But , again , there is no evidence that such effective models exist .
In fact , if economic models were truly effective enough to allow entrepreneurs to determine precisely the effects of Fed actions , these super - accurate models would prevent the Fed from making mistakes in the first place and there would be no negative effects to avoid .
NOTES
[ 1 ]
For versions of this argument , see Gordon Tullock , " Why the Austrians Are Wrong About Depressions " ( available in PDF ) and Bryan Caplan , " Why I Am Not an Austrian Economist . "
[ 2 ]
For much more thorough explanations of the ABCT , see Roger W. Garrison , " The Austrian Theory : A Summary , " and Ludwig von Mises , " The Austrian Theory of the Trade Cycle . "
[ 3 ]
For thorough explanations of the production cycle and the relationship among consumption , spending , and wealth creation , see Frank Shostak , " The Subsistence Fund , " and Roger W. Garrison , " Overconsumption and Forced Saving in the Mises - Hayek Theory of the Business Cycle , " History of Political Economy , Vol. 36 , No. 2 ( Summer 2004 ) .
[ 4 ]
An instructive analysis of central bank intervention , interest rates and the ABCT is Frank Shostak , " The Myth of the Neutral Interest Rate Policy . "
[ 5 ] Roger W. Garrison , " Hayekian Trade Cycle Theory : A Reappraisal . "
[ 6 ] Robert P. Murphy and Mark Erickson , " The Rational Expectations Objection to Austrian Business Cycle Theory : Prisoner 's Dilemma or Noisy signal ? " available in PDF .
Rational Expectations is an economic theory that holds , among other things , that business people anticipate and adjust to governmental actions , rendering the actions ineffective .
[ 7 ]
Gene Callahan , " Times Are Hard : On the Causes of the Business Cycle . "
Italics in original .
[ 8 ] Garrison , 1986 .
Garrison is citing Hayek , " The Use of Knowledge in Society , " 1945 .
[ 9 ]
Garrison , 1986 .
[ 10 ] Ludwig von Mises , " The Plight of Business Forecasting . "
We all know Sarah Palin is n’t running on brains , but just for fun I decided to research her academic background :
In 1982 , she enrolled at Hawaii Pacific College but left after her first semester .
Next she transferred to North Idaho community college , where she spent two semesters as a general studies major .
Transferred to the University of Idaho for two semesters .
During this time Palin won the Miss Wasilla Pageant beauty contest , then finished third in the Miss Alaska pageant , at which she won a college scholarship and the “ Miss Congeniality ” award .
She then left the University of Idaho and attended Matanuska - Susitna community college in Alaska for one term .
Returned to the University of Idaho where she spent three semesters completing her Bachelor of Science degree in communications - journalism , graduating in 1987 .
For those of you not keeping score , that ’s 4 different schools in 5 years , two of which were community colleges .
Her greatest “ academic ” achievement was 3rd place in the Miss Alaska beauty pageant .
Call me an elitist , but I ’d feel safer if the person a John - McCain - stroke away from the presidency had more education than the average waiter at Denny’s .
Next I did some research into the educational policies she hopes to impose on America .
This where it gets scary .
A few of her favorite educational ideals :
Teach creationism alongside evolution in schools .
( Aug 2008 )
Supports teaching intelligent design in public schools .
( Aug 2008 )
Committed to providing strong education , including morals .
( Jan 2008 )
Faith - based materials ok in homeschooling .
( Nov 2006 )
I believe we have a creator ; and many theories of evolution .
( Oct 2006 )
Let parents opt out of schoolbooks they find offensive .
( Jul 2006 )
In summary , Palin believes that Creationsim , a religious ideology , should be given equal weight with a theory based on scientific observation and analysis , that schools should impose their own morals on children , and that parents should be able to censor books that do n’t align with their world view .
If you care about the future of America and our role as innovators and intellectual leaders , register to vote and make sure we are n’t sent back to the dark ages .
The Wall Street Journal , in a typically anodyne bit of reporting , tells us that the Fed is considering selling its own debt to finance its balance sheet , Its good old buddy , the Treasury Department , which heretofore has been selling bills in part on behalf of the Fed , now has a big enough financing calendar in the offing that it no longer can lend a helping hand .
Now the significance of the recent arrangement has largely been ignored , How independent can our central bank be if it depends on the Treasury for dough ?
With the media regularly making approving noises about how Paulson and Bernanke work together , the idea that the Fed is supposed to be something other than an extension of the Executive Branch seems to have been lost ( but then again , maybe we all kidded ourselves about Fed independence .
Willem Buiter , even before the Paulson - Bernanke comradeship , said the Fed was one of the least independent central banks , second only to the Bank of Japan ) .
After months of serial bailouts , proliferating new programs , and soaring and swooning markets , the notion of the Fed selling its own debt no doubt sounds like a mere footnote to recent events .
But back in April , it floated various ideas for how to circumvent its balance sheet constraints via its preferred outlet , Greg Ip of the Wall Street Journal .
Let ’s look at how this option was regarded back then .
From a WSJ Economics Blog post , “ What Could the Fed Do ? “ :
Since the Federal Reserve began rolling out ever more creative steps to unfreeze credit markets , it has sold or pledged a growing portion of its portfolio of Treasurys in order to put loans on its balance sheet to banks and securities dealers backed by mortgage - backed securities and other shunned collateral .
This has led some observers to worry that if the Fed continues at such a pace , it could run out of ammunition , forcing it to move to quantitative easing – in essence , buying up assets wholesale and allowing the federal funds rate to fall to zero .
Yves here .
We are already at that point , and quantitative easing is now argued to be good and necessary to combat acute deleveraging and avert deflation .
Back to the post , which next enumerates the Fed ’s options for getting around its balance sheet constraints .
“ Have Treasury borrow more than it needs and lend some to the Fed , ” which as we noted , has already taken place , was mentioned first , and item 3 , also already being done , is “ Have the Fed pay interest on reserves . ”
Number two was :
The Fed could issue its own debt or short - term paper .
The debt would be an increase in liabilities and it could presumably buy whatever it wanted with the proceeds .
Whether the Fed can do so legally is less clear .
It previously used the “ incidental powers ” given it under the Federal Reserve
Act to issue options on federal funds around the turn - of - the century date change , and issuing its own debt would likely require invoking the same thing .
As one Fed study has noted , use of such power must be “ necessary to carry on the business of banking within the limitations prescribed by [ the Federal Reserve ] Act . ”
A contemporaneous piece by John Dizard of the Financial Times gives a better sense of the practical implications :
At the moment , for example , the Washington policy people and the Wall Streeters buzzing around them are trying to figure out how to get yet more liquidity for housing - related paper .
The Wall Streeters seem to assume that the next step will be the creation of something like the Resolution Trust Corporation …..
Or , as David Rosenberg of Merrill Lynch told the firm ’s clients last week , “ . . . the outright purchase ( by government agencies ) of illiquid mortgage - backed securities is probably required , and could employ government - backed fiscal action . . .
The Federal Reserve itself could buy some of those securities , but the Fed alone cannot unclog the congestion in the capital markets , in our opinion . ”
That is not what the Fed , or the Feds , want to hear .
The Fed is already uneasy about the scale of its on - balance - sheet exposure to mortgage - backed paper … .
Here is where the ancient bureaucratic trick of three choices comes into play .
The “ policy options ” presented by the stone - faced civil servant - expert to the political master are always , respectively : 1 ) one that will cause the end of life on earth as we know it ; 2 ) an alternative that will mean the end of your political career ; or 3 ) another possibility that we could “ staff out ” if you ’re interested .
In the case of illiquid housing assets , the End Of Life On Earth is an inflationary expansion of the Fed ’s balance sheet .
The career - ender is the direct use of taxpayer money .
The third way is the use of government guarantees to induce the investment of private capital .
The unthinkable as of April , expansion of the balance sheet , has taken place , as has the use of taxpayer funds .
But just because the then - implausible has now occurred does not remove the attendant risks .
Bernanke is hell bent to stoke inflation as a remedy to disinflation that may tip into deflation .
But the assumption is that once the repeated adreanaline shots finally start to work , the Fed will mop up the excess liquidity .
I sincerely doubt it .
First , the Fed was consistently behind the curve as the crisis progressed .
Second , Bernanke as a student of the Japanese lost decade will recall all too well that the Japanese increased the consumption tax in 1997 to help whittle down the very large amount of government debt created to fund various stimulus packages , mostly focused on infrastructure .
That led to a swift return to deflationary conditions .
Even though Bernanke and the Treasury are entering into far more aggressive programs than the Japanese took , the Fed chair will err on the side of letting inflation take hold rather than risk a restoking of deflationary forces .
From the Wall Street Journal :
The Federal Reserve is considering issuing its own debt for the first time , a move that would give the central bank additional flexibility as it tries to stabilize rocky financial markets …
Fed officials have approached Congress about the concept , which could include issuing bills or some other form of debt , according to people familiar with the matter .
It is n’t known whether these preliminary discussions will result in a formal proposal or Fed action .
One hurdle : The Federal Reserve Act does n’t explicitly permit the Fed to issue notes beyond currency … .
At the core of the deliberations is the Fed ’s balance sheet , which has grown from less than $ 900 billion to more than $ 2 trillion since August … In the early stages of the crisis , officials funded their programs by drawing down on holdings of Treasury bonds …
The Fed also has turned to the Treasury Department for cash … More recently , the Fed has funded programs by flooding the financial system with money it created itself — known in central - banking circles as bank reserves — and has used the money to make loans and purchase assets .
Some economists worry about the consequences of this approach .
Fed officials could find it challenging to remove the cash from the system once markets stabilize and the economy improves .
It ’s not a problem now , but if they ’re too slow to act later it can cause inflation .
Moreover , the flood of additional cash makes it harder for Fed officials to maintain interest rates at their desired level …
Louis Crandall , an economist with Wrightson ICAP LLC , a Wall Street money - market broker , says the Fed ’s interventions also have the potential to clog up the balance sheets of banks , its main intermediaries …
Some private economists worry that Fed - issued bonds could create new problems .
Marvin Goodfriend , an economist at Carnegie Mellon University ’s Tepper School of Business and a former senior staffer at the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond , said that issuing debt could put the Fed at odds with the Treasury at a time when it is already issuing mountains of debt itself .
“ It creates problems in coordinating the issuance of government debt , ” Mr. Goodfriend said .
“ These would be very close cousins to existing Treasury bills .
They would be competing in the same market to federal debt . ”
Update 4:00 AM : Jesse takes a very dim view :
AUSTIN , Texas , Dec. 6 ( UPI ) --
A teenager graduates from the University of Texas this weekend at 16 , an age when most students have yet to receive their high school diplomas .
Andrew Brisbin of Denton , Texas , entered North Central Texas College at 14 and transferred to the university a year later , the Austin American - Statesman reported .
He completed the requirements for a bachelor 's degree in finance in two years by attending summer school and taking a heavy course load .
Advertisement
He was to get his degree Sunday .
He said that being several years younger than his fellow students was not a major problem .
" Some of my professors do n't really know how old I am , " he said .
" I fit in just fine . "
William Way , the faculty adviser at the university 's McComb School of Business , described Brisbin as " very mature . "
Brisbin was home schooled , keeping to a rigorous schedule .
His parents lived some of the time in Austin while he was at the university to help him -- and especially to provide transportation because he was too young for a driver 's license .
He plans to go to graduate school but wants to get some work experience first .
David Blaine Dive of Death Video - DUPED !
duped the audience of ABC as well as those congregated in Manhattan to witness a once in a life time feat .
Can you say S H A M ?
The two hour extravaganza hyped the stunt that was to have dazzled us .
Instead it left everyone shaking their heads .
After being told that the illusionist would be suspended upside down for a full 60 hours , we now find out that he was given numerous rest breaks at hourly intervals throughout the 2 - 1/ 2 day stunt .
A platform was brought to him by a hydraulic boom and he spend as much as a full 20 minutes on his feet regularly .
Many fans feel that an asterisk should be placed in the record book to show the modified time .
This huge disappointment is reminiscent of the Geraldo Rivera special back in 1986 .
The Mystery of Al Capone 's Vault was an ill conceived adventure where the television viewers watched as a demolition crew broke through a below ground level stone vault expecting to witness the discovery of a buried treasure trove .
The show ended with Rivera finding some old broken bootleg liquor bottles .
His career credibility has never been the same .
More photos of David Blaine and Kelly Ripa available here .
Check out David Blaine Dive of Death Video below .
Video
Fort Worth code compliance officers found hundreds of cats , some wrapped wrapped in foil and stored in a freezer , in a home on the east side .
Angie Chambers lived in the house in the 6100 block of Craig Street for more than 10 years and often rescued cats from the neighborhood .
Fort Worth Animal Control took 50 to 80 live cats from the home , and another 50 to 100 dead cats from a freezer .
Chambers said the animals were all wrapped in bags waiting to be cremated , but she could n't afford the $ 100 fee for each cremation because she is on Social Security disability .
Neighbors said they believe Chambers was just trying to do a good deed and got overwhelmed .
Monte Seese said it was n't Chambers ' fault that people dropped off animals at her house .
" She 's just the type of person that 's going to take of animals , " Seese said .
The surviving animals were taken to the city 's shelter .
A hearing next week will determine where the cats will end up .
A baseline comparison of the Web presence of the Barack Obama and John McCain presidential campaigns can be seen in a simple Google search for each candidate ’s name .
A much more interesting picture emerges from Alexa ’s traffic ranking charts for the two candidates websites .
As for the former of these measures , the latest Google results from simple googles of the candidates ’ names are :
These Google results were obtained from searches using the two candidates ’ names within quotation marks , as shown .
Click the above two links for the latest numbers .
Alexa ’s website traffic trend data
A graphic representation of trend data for both candidates ’ campaign websites is provided by data from the Alexa Internet traffic website .
The three charts below plot “ reach , ” “ pageviews , ” and “ rank ” data for the two campaign websites over the past six months , as of Oct. 27 , 2008 .
Click each thumbnail to enlarge :
Reach , pageviews , and rank data for the two candidates ’ websites
( Click each image to enlarge )
According to the Alexa data , BarackObama.com currently has an overall Internet traffic rank of 794 , while JohnMcCain.com ranks 2,793 .
In comparison , CNET ranks 151 and Fox News ranks 250 .
To change the span of time plotted in the above charts , or to view continually updated data , go here .
While it ’s tempting to use these charts to predict the outcome of the upcoming U.S. presidential election , the results are based on worldwide Web traffic , not U.S. registered voter inclinations .
A graph from Pollster.com , which combines the results of numerous U.S. registered voter polls , can be found here .
How Alexa ranks websites
Alexa defines the “ reach ” as the percentage of all Internet users who visit a given site .
A second metric , “ pageviews , ” is a measure of the number of unique pages on the site viewed by that site ’s visitors .
These two parameters are combined to generate each website ’s traffic “ rank , ” according to Alexa , in the following manner :
The traffic rank is based on three months of aggregated historical traffic data from millions of Alexa Toolbar users and data obtained from other , diverse traffic data sources , and is a combined measure of page views and users ( reach ) .
As a first step , Alexa computes the reach and number of page views for all sites on the Web on a daily basis .
The main Alexa traffic rank is based on a value derived from these two quantities averaged over time ( so that the rank of a site reflects both the number of users who visit that site as well as the number of pages on the site viewed by those users ) .
Further details on Alexa ’s website traffic ranking methodology are found here .
Alexa Internet was founded in 1996 .
The site was acquired by Amazon.com in June of 1999 .
Apropos of my post below , I ’m getting word that Coleman may be in the process of fielding the lawyers for a replay of President Bush ’s 2000 recount smackdown .
And this from the Associated Press gives a clue to why he is getting worried …
An Associated Press analysis of the nearly 25,000 - vote difference in Minnesota presidential and U.S. Senate race tallies shows that most ballots lacking a recorded Senate vote were cast in counties won by Democrat Barack Obama .
Justin Volpe – the cop involved in one of the most sensational police - brutality cases in city history – has asked for a commutation of his 30 - year prison sentence from President Bush .
The 36 - year - old ex-cop , who notoriously used a broomstick in a precinct station house to sodomize victim Abner Louima , has sent a formal request – along with a small mound of letters of support – to the Justice Department ’s Office of the Pardon Attorney , which handles referrals to the president for rare reductions of sentences .
Volpe has been behind bars for about 12 years without chance of parole .
He is set to be released from a Minnesota federal prison in 2025 .
The former officer got support for his application at the Holy Child Church on Staten Island , where his family members are parishioners .
In a recent letter to the congregation in support of Volpe , the church ’s pastor , Father Travers , noted that a “ commutation is a reduction ” of a penalty and “ not an exemption or a pardon or an excuse .
“ We all know that some people guilty of taking human life serve far less time than 30 years , ” the priest wrote .
“ And if they are not in the federal system , they may have the possibility of parole . ”
Volpe ’s mother , Grace , a schoolteacher , said her son hoped that his application for commutation would go unnoticed by the media and that she would have no other comment .
But one of the family ’s supporters explained why she was behind the request .
“ Just [ in ] was a wonderful kid who used to feed the homeless on Thanksgiving .
What happened that day was 30 seconds of something that was unspeakable , horrible .
But is n’t 12 years enough ? ” asked the woman , who asked not to be identified .
In the case that shocked the city , Volpe admitted that he assaulted a handcuffed Louima in a sudden fit of rage inside a Brooklyn precinct after a street confrontation in 1997 .
Louima , a Haitian immigrant , accepted a $ 8.7 million settlement from the city and police union and is living in Miami .
The judge sentenced Volpe to the 30 years without parole under a federal guideline that allows harsher penalties for cops than for ordinary citizens .
New York officials say the average incarceration of a violent offender in state prison is 7 ½ years .
Cold - blooded murderers serve an average 24 years .
First - degree manslaughter convicts serve about 12 years , while murderers found guilty of second - degree - manslaughter spend only an average of 6.6 years in jail .
Other killers , however , serve little more than three .
At his sentencing , Volpe tearfully declared he was “ still ashamed ” and then apologized to Louima , the city and the NYPD for the betrayal of their trust .
Since then , Volpe has been a model inmate , doing art – his late father , Robert , was a legendary NYPD “ Art Cop ” investigating stolen masterpieces – and reading literature and religious works .
murray.weiss@nypost.com
Can you guess why this chap is so happy !?
Utilise his massive manhood - remarkably he fits perfectly into the top of a bottle !
And he is happy to wait there until thirst strikes again - he loves it !
A great way to get a giggle at a party , and a handy little chap to have in the house !
This item can be delivered to the following zones : Showroom Collection FREE Standard Delivery FREE Next Day Express £ 6.99 Next Day Before Midday £ 9.99 Next Day Before 10:30 am £ 17.99 Saturday Service £ 8.99 Scottish Highlands FREE Scottish Islands FREE Northern Ireland FREE Isle of Man FREE Isle of Wight & Offshore UK FREE Channel Islands £ 13.99 Austria £ 13.99 Belgium £ 13.99 Bulgaria £ 41.99 Croatia £ 19.99 Czech Republic £ 14.99 Denmark £ 19.99 Estonia £ 49.99 Finland £ 19.99 France £ 19.99 Germany £ 13.99 Greece £ 41.99 Hungary £ 19.99 Ireland / Eire ( Republic ) £ 13.99 Italy £ 19.99 Latvia £ 49.99 Lithuania £ 49.99 Luxembourg £ 13.99 The Netherlands £ 13.99 Poland £ 19.99 Portugal £ 19.99 Romania £ 41.99 Slovak Republic £ 19.99 Slovenia £ 19.99 Spain £ 19.99 Sweden £ 19.99 Canada USA
Drinkstuff Returns Policy : 30 Day Money Back Guarantee
Faults / Damages must be reported within 3 working days
For full terms , see our Returns Policy
There is no further information for this product .
1929
In October 1929 more than a quarter of the population of Perth crammed the city 's streets to watch the centenary parade .
It was the biggest community event in the history of the State and the biggest display of local patriotism since the victory parade celebrating the end of the First World War some ten years before .
While the twenty - fifth anniversary of Federation in 1926 had passed almost unnoticed in Western Australia , the centenary of the founding of the Swan River Colony was celebrated with energy and enthusiasm .
Huge crowds cheered the passing cavalcade of military bands , vehicles , sporting bodies , social clubs , community groups and some 48 floats representing a range of historical scenes , displays of wildflowers , primary produce and the State 's mining industry .
The parade was nearly two and a half kilometres in length , and took an hour to pass any given spot .
It was a reflection of local pride in the achievements of the pioneers who established the colony on the Swan River and in the State 's role in feeding and clothing the British Empire .
Few among the crowds along St George 's Terrace could have imagined that within five years they would vote in overwhelming numbers to secede from the Commonwealth of Australia .
The federal government was a remote institution about which local politicians and public figures like the editor of the Sunday Times regularly complained , but there was little to suggest that secession could become a popular issue for ordinary people .
How did it happen ?
It 's tough being a government these days ; who has the energy to clean up the Internet after a hard day 's work bailing out the financial sector ?
Not the Australian government , it seems .
Rather than actually doing something about illegal content , they just make a list of it and tell ISPs to filter everything that 's on the list .
Sidestepping the murky political details and — for the moment — the civil liberties problems inherent in this approach , let 's take a closer look at the technical aspects of such a plan .
In the Internet Service Provider Content Filtering Pilot Technical Testing Framework document , the Australian Government Department of Broadband Communications and the Digital Economy provides some details about what it wants ISPs to do in a pilot project .
The main part is that ISPs who are interested in participating in the pilot will test solutions for filtering a list of at most 10,000 URLs on a blacklist maintained by the Australian Communications and Media Authority , a regulator not unlike the FCC .
" Prohibited online content " includes what you would imagine , but also your garden variety porn ( yes , the stuff they broadcast over the air on public TV in the Netherlands ) , and under special circumstances even R- rated movies .
Filtering URLs on the ACMA blacklist is a mandatory part of the pilot , though additional filters that are n't clearly specified are optional .
So how would an ISP go about blocking certain URLs from being accessed by its customers ?
Filtering : harder than it sounds
First , a little refresher on how the Internet works .
It all starts when a user types or clicks a URL .
A browser or other application then looks up the domain name in the URL through the Domain Name Service .
This usually happens through a DNS server operated by the ISP , but that 's not necessarily the case .
URLs can also contain IP addresses , avoiding the need for a DNS lookup altogether .
Then , the browser starts sending packets to the IP address returned by the DNS .
It is of course the ISP 's job to make the packets flow in the right direction using the global routing system .
The first place where blocking can happen is on the user 's computer .
However , unless the Australian government is prepared outlaw open source software and administer all of its resident 's computers , this is n't going to work .
The next option is the DNS .
Filtering in the DNS is doable , and has been done in the past .
This should work well for most users , but it does n't take too much tech savvy to configure an unfiltered DNS server , bypassing the ISP 's filters .
Another problem with DNS filters is that a single domain name may host both blocked and unblocked URLs .
For truly illegal content this usually is n't much of a problem , but a popular technique for dodgy content is to publish content that is prohibited in the target jurisdiction on a big server elsewhere , where the content in question is legal .
Then the blockers are faced with the dilemma of whether to block a popular domain or let the offending content through .
It 's also possible to filter packets .
In this case , the workaround is installing a proxy .
This is not as easy as configuring different DNS addresses , but it 's certainly doable .
( The obvious counter action by the government would then be to block the proxies . )
However , filtering packets , or making them disappear by manipulating the routing system , has the same problem as DNS - based filters : a single address may host both legal and illegal content .
And it 's worse in the sense that many different DNS names may resolve to a single IP address .
A common technique for hosting questionable content is to use a large number of servers with very different IP addresses and let the DNS cycle through these addresses in quick succession , making it hard to determine which addresses host the content in question .
( And maybe throw in Google 's addresses once in a while so those get blocked as well ? )
Another issue is that the government set an upper limit of 10,000 URLs .
This gives bad actors an obvious way to defeat the system : simply host prohibited content on more than 10,000 URLs .
A DNS - based filter can probably be made to work with arbitrarily big blacklists , but any system that requires firewall rules or routing table entries to block addresses will be limited to something in the order of 10 k blocked addresses or address ranges — simply upping the limit wo n't work because the hardware would get too expensive .
A different approach to filtering is to intercept all packets and use deep packet inspection to determine if they 're going to or from a blacklisted URL .
This has two downsides : it obviously does n't work for encrypted sessions , and it does n't scale .
Even medium - sized ISPs have many 1 Gbps links , and the larger ones have 10 Gbps links .
At 10 Gbps , a router , switch , or firewall has about 400 nanoseconds to decide what to do with a packet — not enough time to run through a list of 10,000 URLs .
And that 's assuming that the target URL is conveniently present in a single packet , rather than having one half of the URL in one packet and one in another packet — and what happens when the second half is actually transmitted first ?
So the DPI equipment must do full TCP / IP processing and reconstruct TCP sessions from the packets flowing by .
This can ( maybe ) work at 1 G bps speeds , but even then it requires hefty boxes , of which a big ISP would have to deploy a good number .
And did I mention that simply using HTTPS defeats this type of filtering completely ?
Opting - out
An additional complication here is that the Aussie government is interested in letting users opt out of ( part of ) the filtering .
Users can turn off the porn blacklist , but all Australians will still be subject to a filter on " illegal content . "
This makes certain types of filtering a lot harder .
As long as you have the routing table slots , it 's easy to instruct routers to send packets for a certain IP address to the " null " interface so they are filtered .
However , this is a binary thing : packets from all users are filtered , or packets from all users are allowed through .
Setting up two different filter levels makes everything more difficult .
My conclusion : this is n't going to work .
There 's no way to build a filter box that can filter all the URLs where porn is hosted throughout the Internet .
A DNS - based filter that helps naive users avoid being confronted with explicit content would probably work to a certain degree .
An IP - based filter for a small amount of very illegal content — that would be the stuff that even the spam hosters in China do n't want on their servers — may also work .
But anything more ambitious than that is certain to fail ; either it wo n't work very well , or it will bankrupt the ISPs .
As for the ISPs , they tend to agree .
Here 's an idea : if the Australian government actually finds child porn , nuclear bomb making manuals , and the like on the Internet , why not do their best to find the perpetrators and put them behind bars ?
That way we get to keep our free speech and have less crime and terrorism , rather than less of the former without actually reducing the latter .
Then again , imposing restrictions on what local taxpayers can do is a lot easier than tracking down and rounding up international criminals and terrorists , and the filtering plan is moving forward despite the massive and fairly obvious drawbacks .
SAN FRANCISCO , Dec. 16 ( UPI ) --
People who snore may burn more calories while resting , researchers at the University of California , San Francisco , said .
Dr. Eric J. Kezirian of the University of California , San Francisco , and colleagues assessed the resting energy expenditure in 212 adults with signs or symptoms of sleep - related breathing disorders .
Advertisement
Resting energy expenditure , or the number of calories burned while resting , is one component of total daily energy expenditure , Kezirian said .
The participants ' medical history was taken , they underwent a physical examination , sleep monitoring through polysomnography -- a diagnostic tool in sleep medicine -- and determination of resting energy expenditure using a device known as an indirect calorimeter .
The calorimeter measures oxygen consumption and carbon dioxide production , which can be used to determine resting energy expenditure in calories per day .
Among the 212 participants , the average resting energy expenditure was 1,763 calories per day .
The study , published in the Archives of Otolaryngology -- Head & Neck Surgery , found those who scored the highest on a scale of disruptions in breathing had a resting energy expenditure of 1,999 , while those who scored the lowest expended an average of 1,626 calories per day resting .
Obesity is a major risk factor for the development of sleep - disordered breathing , and changes in body weight are associated with changes in sleep - disordered breathing severity , the study authors said .
Shania Twain CMA Presenter is Gorgeous ( Photos , Video )
was absolutely stunning last night at the 42nd Annual CMA Awards in Nashville .
The gorgeous country singer presented the award for 2008 Entertainer of the Year tohis fourth win .
Twain took top honors in 1999 .
The musician has been laying low after a breakup with her husband Robert John ' Mutt ' Lange .
The pair , who had been married 15 years , announced their split in May 2008 .
It was revealed that Lange had been having an affair with the couple 's secretary .
Check out more photos and the video below .
Note : Chesney looks interested .
The beta version of Microsoft 's next - generation operating system has been linked on peer - to - peer network BitTorrent .
Versions of the beta Windows 7 Ultimate - the much - anticipated replacement for the problem - fraught Vista operating systems - have been in the hands of testers and some media for the last two months .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
A few leaked copies of the early ' alpha ' build did the P2P rounds in December .
And now the ' Build 7000 ' version of the new system has found its way onto the file sharing network BitTorrent , making it available for anyone to download .
The torrent is a disk image of the 32 - bit version of the system , and underground site Pirate Bay is listing nearly 2000 ' seeder ' versions of the 2.44 GB download .
Seeders are users who have a full copy of the file on their computers .
There was close to 10,000 ' leechers ' who had downloaded part of the file .
Windows bloggers say that the pirated build is the version that will be issued in January as Windows 7 Beta .
Microsoft CEO
Steve Ballmer is expected to focus on the new operating system during his keynote address at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas on January 7 .
Respected blogger Paul Thurrott is reasonably complimentary about the new system in his review .
" Windows 7 is much further along now than was any other Windows version when it reached its first beta release , " he writes .
" In fact , this build is much closer to a release candidate ( RC ) build than a beta from a quality standpoint .
It is feature complete , it is reasonably stable , and it is highly compatible with the software and hardware I use on a regular basis . "
This article originally appeared on the New Zealand Herald - http://www.nzherald.co.nz
Personal health records or PHRs are becoming more and more popular these days as health information technology capabilities become more wide - spread .
Look at Google Health as one example .
The federal government has picked Google Health as one of four components of a Medicare pilot program in Arizona .
The other three companies were HealthTrio , NoMoreClipboard.com , and PassportMD .
Should all our health information be uploaded to the internet ?
What types of implications does such a PHR have on public health , disease management , and individual privacy ?
First , on the population health level , I think that the use of PHRs will improve public health because of the availability of data to healthcare professionals .
I have witnessed so many instances where a “ John Doe ” or a “ Jane Doe ” ends up in the emergency room with no identification and the doctors are playing guessing games to figure out what might be wrong with an individual who remains unresponsive .
Did the person overdose on a drug ?
Is the person intoxicated ?
Did the person try to commit suicide ?
Did this individual have a stroke and pass out ?
These individuals are given generic names ( like John Doe and Jane Doe ) while social workers work to identify these people .
Sometimes they are homeless individuals who lack ID .
Some are people who got intoxicated , lost consciousness , and also lost their ID .
Others have some type of mental illness and may be psychotic or actively hallucinating .
Without identification , these individuals may claim to be anyone .
Providing healthcare professionals to valuable patient data will only improve public health in this country .
On the disease management side of things , PHRs will help with medication tracking .
So often , patients are prescribed different drugs from different providers .
The primary care provider may write for one drug , and then the psychiatrist may change that drug or add another .
Patients can often get confused about their medications unless they have them written down in a place where all their doctors can see the list .
A PHR can allow this to happen .
Electronic health records used in hospitals and physician offices have tremendously made an impact in public health and disease management .
Doctors now have automated reminders that are popping up for their patients .
Their computers may remind them of dangerous drug interactions and other potential adverse effects of prescribed medications .
These are the types of tools that were missing twenty years ago .
Patients often have access to the same type of resources if they are using an intelligent PHR system that can alert them to drug - related side effects and warnings .
Finally , privacy remains a very important piece of the PHR puzzle .
If your health data is on the internet , could someone gain access to it ?
Could someone even change it ?
These are some of the common questions that get asked these days .
These are certainly legitimate questions and as information technology improves and security measures increase , people should have less to fear about .
The government feels confident enough to award these four major companies access to Medicare patient data , so we know that someone feels OK with electronic PHRs .
References
Medicare Selects Four Companies Where Beneficiaries Can Maintain Their Own Personal Health Records Medicare Press Release , November 12 , 2008 .
J. Myers , T. R. Frieden , K. M. Bherwani , K. J. Henning ( 2008 ) .
Ethics in Public Health Research : Privacy and Public Health at Risk : Public Health Confidentiality in the Digital Age American Journal of Public Health , 98 ( 5 ) , 793-801 DOI : 10.2105/ AJPH.2006.107706
Alexander S. Young , Edmund Chaney , Rebecca Shoai , Laura Bonner , Amy N. Cohen , Brad Doebbeling , David Dorr , Mary K. Goldstein , Eve Kerr , Paul Nichol , Ruth Perrin ( 2007 ) .
Information Technology to Support Improved Care For Chronic Illness Journal of General Internal Medicine , 22 ( S3 ) , 425-430 DOI : 10.1007/s11606-007-0303-4
Victor Strecher ( 2007 ) .
Internet Methods for Delivering Behavioral and Health - Related Interventions ( eHealth ) Annual Review of Clinical Psychology , 3 ( 1 ) , 53 -76 DOI : 10.1146/annurev.clinpsy.3.022806.091428
" The ultimate conclusion is like I say we look at Bible prophesy we 're going toward a one - world bank and a one - world monetary system and if you believe the word of God and you read Revelations ... you will see clearly what 's being spelt out and we are in the end times . "
As Jennifer Lance mentioned in her post this week on Red , Green and Blue , last Tuesday was a win not only for Barack Obama but also for the environment .
Hours after being elected the new President of the United States , Obama has already selected fellow Illinois Democrat , Rahm Emanuel , a strong supporter of the environment , to be his Chief of Staff .
Rahm Emanuel , White House Chief of Staff Designate
[ social_buttons ]
Emanuel introduced a far - reaching cleanup package for the Great Lakes in 2003 committing millions of dollars to clean up toxic hot spots .
He is a man who swims in Lake Michigan for exercise and has an intimate connection to the environment .
One environmentalist called Emanuel “ the godfather of Great Lakes restoration ” ( Cleveland .
Com ) .
Here is where Emanuel stands on economic and environmental issues :
Rahm Emanuel on the Environment
The environment is clearly a priority for Emanuel who
Voted YES on $ 9.7B for Amtrak improvements and operation thru 2013 .
( Jun 2008 )
Voted YES on increasing AMTRAK funding by adding $ 214 M to $ 900 M .
( Jun 2006 )
Voted YES on barring website promoting Yucca Mountain nuclear waste dump .
( May 2006 )
Voted NO on deauthorizing “ critical habitat ” for endangered species .
( Sep 2005 )
Voted NO on speeding up approval of forest thinning projects .
( Nov 2003 )
Rated 95 % by the LCV , indicating pro-environment votes .
( Dec 2003 )
Inter - state compact for Great Lakes water resources .
( Jul 2008 )
Strengthen prohibitions against animal fighting .
( Jan 2007 )
Rahm Emanuel on Energy
Emanuel clearly supports a sustainable energy policy for America .
He
Voted YES on tax incentives for renewable energy .
( Feb 2008 )
Voted YES on investing in homegrown biofuel .
( Aug 2007 )
Voted YES on criminalizing oil cartels like OPEC .
( May 2007 )
Voted YES on removing oil & gas exploration subsidies .
( Jan 2007 )
Voted YES on keeping moratorium on drilling for oil offshore .
( Jun 2006 )
Voted NO on scheduling permitting for new oil refinieries .
( Jun 2006 )
Voted NO on authorizing construction of new oil refineries .
( Oct 2005 )
Voted NO on passage of the Bush Administration national energy policy .
( Jun 2004 )
Voted NO on implementing Bush - Cheney national energy policy .
( Nov 2003 )
Supports tradable emissions permits for greenhouse gases .
( Aug 2000 )
Establish greenhouse gas tradeable allowances .
( Feb 2005 )
Rated 67 % by CAF , indicating a mixed record on energy independence .
( Dec 2006 )
Rahm Emanuel on the Budget & Economy
Emanuel clearly supports a sustainable economy .
He
Voted YES on defining “ energy emergency ” on federal gas prices .
( Jun 2008 )
Voted YES on revitalizing severely distressed public housing .
( Jan 2008 )
Voted YES on regulating the subprime mortgage industry .
( Nov 2007 )
Voted NO on restricting bankruptcy rules .
( Jan 2004 )
Reform mortgage rules to prevent foreclosure & bankruptcy .
( Feb 2008 )
Barack Obama has already demonstrated that he is committed to the cause of the environment with his goal to create a new energy economy , green collar jobs , energy efficiency policies and provide stimulus to the alternative energy industries .
Thursday ’s appointment of Emanuel affirms this environmental emphasis .
As Obama continues to assemble his team , we are all watching closely to see who he will appoint as Treasury Secretary and Chief of the Environmental Protection Agency .
But given Rahm Emanuel ’s appointment to Chief of Staff , all signs look good for positive environmental economics in the new America .
Image credit : Wikipedia
Well , I think the term " personal relationship " was made up by the X - ians to emphasise that their relationship with Jebus is more intimate and meaningful than your regular relationship with your spouse or your family .
Since they made it up it can mean whatever they choose for it to mean .
As close as I can tell what they mean when they say they have a " personal relationship " with Jebus is that they are more special than you .
God likes them better .
And they will be rewarded for believing in something they have no good reason to believe in .
So , how can you have the same kind of " personal relationship " with Jebus ?
Well , given the tone of your question I surmise that you are not the type to just choose to believe in something that makes no sense .
So the " just believe " option that so many people have suggested is out .
I would suggest trying some strong hallucinogens and attending a religious service .
Perhaps some peyote , LSD , or shrooms before an evangelical dancing - in - the - isles glossolalia type service .
There is a reasonable chance that you will see Jebus and get to talk with him .
Maybe then you could have regular chemically assisted conversations with Jebus and , with luck , develop the same kind of special , holier - than - thou attitude that the X - ians have .
Or if hallucinogens are not your thing , perhaps you could go someplace really dangerous and start praying to Jebus to save your life .
Then , if you survive , you can attribute it to divine intervention , conclude that Jebus loves you , and then you 'll be well on your way to your own " personal relationship " with Jebus .
Either way , do n't expect him to return your calls .
It 's one of those relationships that 's all up to you .
Good luck .
Flight of the Conchords – Season 2 Episode 1
Brand new Flight of the Conchords .
If you have n’t watched this show already I promise you it will become one of your favorites by the end of this episode .
Vodpod videos no longer available .
We were opening Christmas gifts last year when my much better half dropped a package on my lap -- a cold , heavy package .
Curious ( and suddenly chilly ) , I opened it .
Bacon .
Six pounds of artisan bacon , ranging from thick - cut hickory - smoked to jalape ño - spiced and apple - cinnamon , varieties hailing from Virginia to upstate New York , Texas to Tennessee .
Now if that ’s not true love , I do n’t know what is .
I ’m a bacon fanatic .
In or out of the kitchen , sometimes it ’s all I can think about : the vibrant red as it cooks , the smokiness , the subtle crunch , the sizzle , the wonderful aroma that will not be denied .
And bacon works so well in so many dishes , from soups and salads to chili and stuffed pork chops .
Layer it in burgers or use it as garnish , wrapped seductively around fillets or brats for a little extra flavor .
For Thanksgiving , I added bacon to a turducken -- a pound of it carefully lining the turkey breast just beneath the skin .
Officially , it was to keep the meat moist as the 40 - pound behemoth cooked .
Secretly , I knew that turkey , duck and chicken were n’t enough -- that monster needed bacon , just because .
I ’m not alone .
Do a Web search and you ’ll turn up forums and chat rooms , online shrines and bacon - of - the - month clubs .
There are bacon songs and bacon T - shirts , custom grease containers and ornaments for the rearview mirror or the Christmas tree ( I ’ll have my decorations “ low carb , ” please ) .
It ’s enough to make Homer Simpson weep .
But nothing compares to the real thing .
While technically it can be added to anything -- and it probably has been -- there are some natural pairings that are magic to the taste buds .
Try potatoes .
Bacon and potatoes are a classic combination in that comfort food sort of way , and potato salad is a perfect vehicle for both .
For a slight twist , toss some new potatoes with garlic and oil and roast them to golden brown .
Meanwhile , fry a pound of chopped bacon .
Combine the potatoes and bacon with some thinly sliced red onion , then stir in a whole - grain mustard dressing lightened with a little red wine vinegar .
Throw in some capers -- their tartness cuts through the salad to highlight the various flavors , and they ’ll add some bright color to finish the dish .
With all that bacon you ’re frying , what about the grease ?
Save it .
You can use it for everything from sautéing vegetables to frying chicken and searing meats .
Oil your grill with it before cooking , and use it to season your cast - iron cookware .
Or really have fun and substitute it for oil when making popcorn .
Just think of it , bacon popcorn .
If you ’re like me and have a lot , use it in a panzanella .
For a twist on the Italian bread salad , toast cubes of stale bread in bacon grease with a few cloves of garlic until well - browned .
With tomatoes out of season , combine canned crushed ones with sherry vinegar and bacon grease for a chunky vinaigrette .
Mix the toasted bread with some thinly sliced onion , niçoise olives , fresh oregano and basil .
Soak the mixture in the vinaigrette until the bread is crisp - tender .
Just before serving , toss in some tart , bitter lettuces -- frisée , mâche and radicchio -- for a little zing and a lot of color .
Serve each portion with crumbled bacon and a drizzle of reserved vinaigrette .
Obsession breeds creativity , and as bacon - rich as those dishes might be , they ’re still fairly traditional .
A true bacon fanatic pushes boundaries .
Let ’s start with breakfast .
If there ’s one meal where bacon shines , it ’s on the breakfast plate .
It ’s the quintessential , savory and -- let ’s face it -- only way to start the day .
But what about those who prefer sweet to savory ?
What do we bacon lovers do when they reach for doughnuts and sticky buns over eggs , potatoes and . . . bacon ?
Convert them , of course .
With coffeecake .
A bacon and apple coffeecake .
OK , it may sound unusual , but hear me out .
Start with a cinnamon roll - type dough .
While the dough is rising , fry a pound -- no , a pound and a half -- of bacon bits .
Sauté tart sliced apple with cinnamon , a touch of maple syrup and a little amaretto ( the almond is subtle and pairs well with both bacon and apple ) .
Roll out the dough and sprinkle the bacon and apple over it , then roll it up and twist it into a wreath .
Slice the wreath into wedges , garnish the top with sliced almonds and let the dough rise again before baking .
( You can also prepare the coffeecake up to this point and refrigerate it overnight ; set it out to warm up slightly while you have your coffee , then bake it for breakfast . )
Lightly drizzle a glaze over the cake and serve it warm .
Chunks of bacon and apple spill out -- it ’s a wonderful play on flavors with just a hint of sweetness .
Before you know it , you ’ve bridged the divide .
Sweet and savory at the same table , sharing a meal .
Take a picture .
And for a finale ?
Candied bacon .
Sprinkle some brown sugar over bacon slices , and bake until crisp and caramelized .
Go ahead , make the whole pound -- trust me , it ’s that good .
Serve the candied bacon on its own or as a cocktail garnish .
Place some vodka and Applejack brandy in a shaker , with just a touch of amaretto and maple syrup .
Shake with ice and pour into a chilled martini glass .
Garnish with the candied bacon and a thin slice of apple ( we do have to be somewhat healthful ) .
Voilà .
A candied bacon martini .
Serve it to friends -- they ’ll toast your genius .
And if they ca n’t appreciate your bacon obsession , quietly allow them the right to their opinion .
At the end of the day , less bacon for them means there ’s more for you .
Carter is a Times staff writer .
noelle.carter@latimes.com
Dinosaur hunters on a month - long expedition to the Sahara desert have returned home in time for Christmas with more than they ever dreamed of finding .
They have unearthed not one but two possible new species of extinct animals .
Their success marks one of the most exciting discoveries to come out of Africa for 50 years .
The team have discovered what appears to be a new type of pterosaur and a previously unknown sauropod , a species of giant plant - eating dinosaur .
Both would have lived almost one hundred million years ago .
The palaeontologists discovered a large fragment of beak from a giant flying reptile and a more than one metre long bone from a sauropod , which indicates an animal of almost 20 metres ( 65 feet ) in length .
The discovery of both is extremely rare .
The expedition was composed of scientists from the University of Portsmouth , University College Dublin ( UCD ) and the Université Hassan II in Casablanca and was led by UCD palaeontologist , Nizar Ibrahim .
Ibrahim , who is an expert on North African dinosaurs , said : “ “ Finding two specimens in one expedition is remarkable , especially as both might well represent completely new species . ”
Dr David Martill , a reader in Palaeobiology at the University of Portsmouth , said : “ Plant eaters are uncommon in this deposit , extremely rare in this region and to find one this large is very exciting .
It ’s a major discovery . ”
For Martill it was also significant because it marked a successful conclusion to a quest begun almost 25 years ago .
In 1984 , driven back by sandstorms , his original mission to find a sauropod came to a halt just 20 miles away from the area of desert he had pinpointed as ripe for excavation .
He returned empty handed but was left itching to retrace his steps .
advertisement
A quarter of a century later he unearthed the dinosaur that eluded him so long ago , together with fellow enthusiast , Ibrahim to whom he is passing the baton .
Ibrahim will undertake the detailed analysis of the sauropod bone , which both scientists expect is a new species and genus of the sauropod family .
“ From our initial examination on site , we ’re almost certain that we have a new species on our hands , ” said Ibrahim , who will spend the next six months examining all of the fossils and writing about them for his PhD thesis .
He will also examine the pterosaur remains which are particularly uncommon because their bones , optimised for flight , were light and flimsy and seldom well preserved .
He said : “ Most pterosaur discoveries are just fragments of teeth and bone so it was thrilling to find a large part of a beak and this was enough to tell us we probably have a new species . ”
The team spent a month in the desert and travelled over five thousand miles by Landrover in an epic overland trip which has taken them through the Atlas mountains and has seen them battling sandstorms and floods in an Indiana Jones - style quest .
advertisement
Having discovered the giant sauropod bone they had to return to the nearest town to get more water and plaster with which to protect it , a trip which involved crossing flooded rivers in their Landrover at night with water coming in through the doors .
During their fieldwork they were cut off from civilisation for 4 days when heavy rain in the Atlas mountains flooded the river Ziz .
To retrieve the bone they had to manhandle the fossil in its plaster jacket down the side of a mountain , clearing thousands of stones to make a safe path to carry it on a wooden stretcher .
“ There was a point when we wondered if we would make it out of the desert with the bone , but we had worked so hard to find it so there was no way I was leaving it behind .
It took us 5 days to get the bone out of the ground and down the mountain – and that was not the end of our problems , ” said Ibrahim .
Dr Martill added : “ When we had managed to get the bone in the Landrover the extra weight meant we kept sinking in the sand dunes and on several occasions everybody except the driver had to walk while we negotiated difficult terrain .
Our journey home was equally eventful .
While crossing the Atlas mountains we got caught in a snowstorm and total whiteout .
But it ’s all been worth it . ”
The team were also excited to discover some rare dinosaur footprints , including some that record several animals walking along the same trail .
As well as discovering hundreds of dinosaur teeth , they also unearthed bits of giant crocodiles and some new species of fish .
Ibrahim said : “ It ’s amazing to think that millions of years ago the Sahara was in fact a lush green tropical paradise , home to giant dinosaurs and crocodiles and nothing like the dusty desert we see today .
Even to a palaeontologist dealing in millions of years it gives one an overwhelming sense of deep time . ”
The team also included Moroccan scientists Prof Samir Zouhri and Dr Lahssen Baidder as well as Portsmouth researchers Dr Darren Naish , Dr Robert Loveridge and Richard Hing .
Prof Samir Zouhri , head of the Department of Geology at the Université Hassan II in Casablanca said : “ Nizar Ibrahim is a very determined researcher and I knew that he would have success on this trip , but these fossils exceeded our expectations .
It is wonderful that we have made these siginficant discoveries and that they will return to Morocco for display after study in Dublin . ”
The sauropod and the pterosaur were found in south - east Morocco , near the Algerian border .
Find out just how far your ears can hear into the range of ultrasonic ringtones .
Pretty much everyone should be able to hear the lowest tone ( 8kHz ) .
Many people should be able to hear up to around 14.1k Hz , from around 17 k Hz upwards we get into the range that only the under 20's can hear !
Take the test below
When plants are burned or decay , carbon is released , combining with oxygen to become CO 2 .
But when the same plants are heated in a kiln without oxygen , a process called pyrolysis , about half of that carbon turns into charcoal , a substance so inert it takes hundreds of years to revert to CO 2 .
Pyrolysis can be performed on an industrial level — a Wisconsin - based company called best Energies sells a device that processes about two tons of wood or other biomass ( including turkey waste ) an hour — or on a small scale anywhere on earth .
The resulting “ agrichar ” or “ biochar ” makes a great soil amendment , which means fewer greenhouse -
enhancing fertilizers , and more crops that can be turned into more biochar …
It ’s the most virtuous of circles .
DETROIT  The Sunday service at Greater Grace Temple began with the Clark Sisters song “ I ’m Looking for a Miracle ” and included a reading of this verse from the Book of Romans : “ I consider that our present sufferings are not worth comparing with the glory that will be revealed in us . ”
Pentecostal Bishop Charles H. Ellis III , who shared the sanctuary ’s wide altar with three gleaming sport utility vehicles , closed his sermon by leading the choir and congregants in a boisterous rendition of the gospel singer Myrna Summers ’s “ We ’re Gonna Make It ” as hundreds of worshipers who work in the automotive industry  union assemblers , executives , car salesmen  gathered six deep around the altar to have their foreheads anointed with consecrated oil .
While Congress debated aid to the foundering Detroit automakers Sunday , many here whose future hinges on the decision turned to prayer .
Outside the Corpus Christi Catholic Church , a sign beckoned passers - by inside to hear about “ God ’s bailout plan . ”
Roman Catholic churches in the Detroit area distributed a four - page letter from Cardinal Adam Maida , the archbishop , offering “ some pastoral insights and suggestions about how we might prepare to celebrate Christmas this year when economic conditions are so grim . ”
Young teenagers with extreme gender identity disorder should be given drugs to block puberty so that they do n’t have to experience distressing changes to their bodies which they perceive to be out of line with their true gender .
So say draft international guidelines ( pdf format ) issued by the Endocrine Society this week – the first to offer advice to doctors on this controversial issue .
The hope is that by delaying puberty , young teens will be given valuable thinking time in which they can decide if they are sure they want to begin gender reassignment using cross -sex hormones at the age of 16 .
Ultimately , this strategy would also make it easier for them to live in their chosen gender .
For example , potential male - to - female transsexuals will not have developed the deep voice , facial changes and body hair associated with adult masculinity .
Gender - reassignment surgery should be avoided until the age of 18 , the guidelines say .
Advertisement
Emotional reaction
“ We recommend that adolescents who fulfill eligibility and readiness criteria for gender reassignment initially undergo treatment to suppress pubertal development , ” say the guidelines .
They state that treatment should not begin before Tanner stage 2 or 3 : when female breasts have begun to bud , and boys have experienced a slight enlargement of the penis and scrotum .
This is because the teenager ’s emotional reaction to these first physical changes can help predict whether they will persist in wanting to change their sex .
The recommendations are largely based on the experience of a clinic in the Netherlands where doctors have so far prescribed puberty blockers to more than 70 under - 16s .
The youngest they have treated is 11 , although the majority are 12 or over .
“ We do n’t have any patient who has regretted their decision on the treatment , ” says Henriette Delemarre - van de Waal of Leiden University Medical Centre who has helped treat them .
Change of mind
Clinics in other countries have also begun to offer the treatment , including Canada , Australia , Germany , and a handful of clinics in the US .
However , it remains deeply controversial , with countries including the UK refusing to allow medical intervention until the age of 16 , by which time puberty is usually in full swing .
At the heart of the issue is the fear that teenagers will change their minds .
For example , previous studies have suggested that just 20 % of boys who show signs of gender identity disorder in childhood continue to show it into adulthood .
And although the effects of puberty - blockers are reversible – natural puberty would resume if the teenager came off them – there have been few trials exploring the long - term effects of delaying puberty in this way .
“ The real question is : if you intervene early in a young person who would otherwise change [ their mind ] , do you reinforce their gender identity disorder ?
Do you remove the chance for change ? ” says Russell Viner of the Institute of Child Health in London .
Removal of choice
There is also the issue of fertility .
Blocking puberty in boys before mature sperm have had the chance to develop removes the option of freezing sperm in case they later decide they want to start a family after going ahead with gender - reassignment surgery .
“ We recently had the case in the US of a transsexual man who chose to become pregnant , and that may not have been possible if they had had early intervention , ” says Viner .
“ When is it reasonable to let a young person remove major life choices ? ”
However , enduring puberty when you feel you are in the wrong body can cause intense distress , and has even driven some teenagers to contemplate suicide .
“ They self - harm , they develop an enormous aversion against their bodies , they isolate themselves and their school performance suffers , ” says Delemarre - van de Waal .
Marvin Belzer of Children ’s Hospital in Los Angeles , who has treated several 12 and 13 year - olds with puberty blockers , agrees that there are some difficulties , but that the risks should be weighed against the benefits .
“ That ’s what informed consent is all about , ” he says .
While it ’s possible that a teenager might change his or her mind , “ [t ] he question is , can we go back and say , ‘yes , but you and your family had informed consent , and we knew that that was one of the risks , but that risk was small ’ . ”
The guidelines have been welcomed by transgender support groups who work with young people .
“ It is an excellent piece of work , ” says Bernard Reed , a trustee of the Gender Identity Research and Education Society ( GIRES ) , based in Ashtead , UK .
He hopes that British doctors will read the guidelines and consider delaying puberty in young teenagers with gender identity disorder .
Assessment issues
Meanwhile , in the US , where just a handful of clinics – including Belzer ’s – offer puberty blockers to young teenagers , the guidelines may encourage more physicians to consider this option .
“ This document may spur more to want to treat this , ” says Belzer .
“ What I worry is , will they really have the mental health providers [ qualified to assess young teenagers ] ?
Many of them will , and hopefully they ’ll acquire more experience over time . ”
He also hopes that the guidelines – which offer advice on treating adult transsexuals as well as teenagers – will encourage insurance companies to cover more of the medical costs of treating gender identity disorder .
Puberty blockers currently cost around $ 800 a month , for example .
Minnesota Governor Tim Pawlenty told Fox 's Chris Wallace that there was no truth to the rumor that ballots were found in the trunk of an election officials car .
The Minnesota Governor said that he knew of no suspicious activity in the tight race between Sen. Norm Coleman and Al Franken .
" As of this moment we know of no actual evidence of wrongdoing or fraud in the process , " Said Pawlenty .
Earlier this week , Pawlenty told Fox 's Megyn Kelly that he found suspicion in the story of the found ballots .
Pawlenty said , " There has not been a good explanation for that , Kelly .
That 's a very good question , but they 've been included in the count pile which is concerning . "
Coleman 's lawyer Fritz Knack had originally pushed the story of the found ballots .
David Brauer of the Minnesota Post debunked the idea of ballot tampering .
Nevertheless , pundits and reporters have continued to cite the story .
Sen .
Coleman currently has a slim lead over Franken and a recount is expected .
John Amato :
The right wingers and the RNC are trying to push the meme that Democrats are trying to steal the election , They are watering the seeds that they have planted to try and turn public opinion against Franken .
You can expect all kinds of stunts by Coleman 's team .
Franken should know what to expect since he covered so much of the shenanigan's that went on in Florida , back in 2000 .
There 's no reason why they should get " played " by Coleman or the RNC
.
Since United States military operations in Iraq began in 2003 , I have visited Iraq at least 15 times .
But unlike politicians who visit , the question for me has never been why the U.S. got into Iraq .
Instead , as the CEO of Blackwater , the urgent question was how the company I head could perform the duties asked of us by the U.S. State Department .
Last week the Department of Justice announced charges against six Blackwater security guards for a shooting incident in Baghdad in September 2007 .
But before the histories are written , ...
Islamabad , Pakistan
THE recent death and destruction in Mumbai , India , brought to my mind the death and destruction in Karachi on Oct. 18 , 2007 , when terrorists attacked a festive homecoming rally for my wife , Benazir Bhutto .
Nearly 150 Pakistanis were killed and more than 450 were injured .
The terrorist attacks in Mumbai may be a news story for most of the world .
For me it is a painful reality of shared experience .
Having seen my wife escape death by a hairbreadth on that day in Karachi , I lost her in a second , unfortunately successful , attempt two months later .
The Mumbai attacks were directed not only at India but also at Pakistan ’s new democratic government and the peace process with India that we have initiated .
Supporters of authoritarianism in Pakistan and non-state actors with a vested interest in perpetuating conflict do not want change in Pakistan to take root .
To foil the designs of the terrorists , the two great nations of Pakistan and India , born together from the same revolution and mandate in 1947 , must continue to move forward with the peace process .
Pakistan is shocked at the terrorist attacks in Mumbai .
We can identify with India ’s pain .
I am especially empathetic .
I feel this pain every time I look into the eyes of my children .
Pakistan is committed to the pursuit , arrest , trial and punishment of anyone involved in these heinous attacks .
But we caution against hasty judgments and inflammatory statements .
As was demonstrated in Sunday ’s raids , which resulted in the arrest of militants , Pakistan will take action against the non-state actors found within our territory , treating them as criminals , terrorists and murderers .
Not only are the terrorists not linked to the government of Pakistan in any way , we are their targets and we continue to be their victims .
On Monday , Mozilla released the latest beta version of Firefox 3.1 .
This " Beta 2 " version of the popular web browser adds a number of new features across all supported platforms including :
- Private Browsing Mode
- Faster JavaScript engine
- Improved rendering
- Support for new web technologies .
But one feature unique to the Mac build is support for Apple 's multi - touch trackpad which has been shipping in notebooks since January of this year .
While Apple 's Safari supports multi - touch gestures for common web browsing tasks ( back , forward , resize text ) , support had been absent from Firefox .
Experimental Firefox support for the multi - touch trackpad was first introduced in a pre-Beta build back in October by Mozilla 's Edward Lee .
The changes have since made it into the official Beta 2 released on Monday and is expected to be released with the final 3.1 version of Firefox .
Supported gestures are even more robust than Safari 's support and include ( " Swipe " refers to 3 - finger Swipe ) :
- Swipe Left :
Go back in history ( hold Cmd to open it in a tab )
- Swipe Right :
Go forward in history
- Swipe Up :
Go to the top of the page
- Swipe Down :
Go to the end of the page
- Pinch Together : Zoom out
- Pinch Apart : Zoom in
- Twist Right : Next tab
- Twist Left : Previous tab
Mozilla warns that the beta version of Firefox is intended for testing use only .
There 's no known release date for the final release of Firefox 3.1 .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Foreclosure filings dropped 7 % from October to November , according a report released Thursday .
But do n't break out the bubbly .
The tide of foreclosures may be ebbing now , but the flood is n't over yet .
" There are several indications that this lower activity is simply a temporary lull before another foreclosure storm hits in the coming months , " James Saccacio , Realty Trac 's CEO , said in a statement .
November foreclosure filings fell to 259,085 , or one for every 488 households in the nation , according to the latest report from RealtyTrac , the online marketer of foreclosure properties .
That was down from October , but up 28 % from November of 2007 .
A total of 78,179 families lost their homes during the month , down 8 % from October when 84,868 homes were repossessed by lenders .
A total of 1,014,618 homes have been lost to foreclosure since the housing crisis hit back in August 2007 .
November 's decline in foreclosure filings is deceiving , according to Rick Sharga , Realty Trac 's vice president of marketing , because much of it is attributable to temporary foreclosure prevention efforts .
" The reduction is because Fannie Mae ( FNM , Fortune 500 ) and Freddie Mac ( FRE , Fortune 500 ) both announced moratoriums on foreclosures , while major lenders also put the brakes on foreclosure proceedings , " said Sharga .
" State moratoriums are also delaying the onset of foreclosures .
But all that will only delay , not avoid them . "
Sharga expects to see another good report in December , but a significant spike in foreclosure filings come January .
Negative indicators
The economic climate is rapidly deteriorating and job losses are soaring - factors that are sure to exacerbate the housing crisis .
And various forward - looking indicators show more trouble ahead .
For instance , the number of homeowners who fell behind on their mortgages hit a record 6.99 % in the third quarter , up from 5.59 % a year ago , according to the Mortgage Bankers Association .
Last week , Credit Suisse issued a report forecasting 8.1 million foreclosures by the end of 2012 , accounting for 16 % of all U.S. mortgages .
Meanwhile , evidence is mounting that current foreclosure - prevention efforts are falling well short of the mark .
A Dec. 8 report from the Office of Comptroller of the Currency stated that more than half of the borrowers who had their mortgages modified in the first half of 2008 are already delinquent again .
Many of these delinquencies will turn into foreclosures in the coming months .
" A lot of those modifications are simply pushing back principal payments , " said Sam Khater , senior economist for First American CoreLogic , a financial data and analytics company .
" They 're not reducing the level of debt .
Many homeowners are in such bad shape that only much more drastic or radical modifications will help them . "
To be viable , Khater added , most modifications will require lenders to make a significant principal reduction .
And for the most part , that 's not happening .
Biggest hits
The former boom states mostly in the Sun Belt , as well as Midwestern industrial states hit hard by job losses , continue to bear the brunt of the foreclosure crisis .
Nevada had the highest rate of foreclosures .
One of every 76 homes there received some kind of foreclosure filing - notice of default , notice of foreclosure sale , bank repossession , etc. - during November .
Florida was second with one filing for every 173 homes and Arizona had one for every 198 .
California had the highest total number of filings with 60,491 , and the fourth highest rate ; one for every 218 households .
Michigan was the hardest - hit state outside of the Sun Belt , with one filing for every 309 households .
Among cities , Cape Coral - Ft. Myers , Fla. , posted the highest rate of foreclosure filings with one for every 59 households .
Las Vegas had the second highest rate with one for every 61 homes .
First time here ?
...
Read the explanation Nice to see you 're using the secure connection .
Turn a short message into spam
Turn spam back into the original message
Sgt. Pepper 's Promotional Party
On the evening of May 19th 1967 , Beatles ' manager Brian Epstein hosted select journalists and broadcasters from the music and national press , in his home at 24 Chappel Street , London .
The occasion was a promotional party attended by the Beatles to launch their new LP Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band .
Outside the front door :
In the drawing room , on a couch :
In front of the mantle :
Holding a copy of the LP :
Dr Benbow told the inquest : " The nasal cavity was filled with blood .
My conclusion is that the most likely cause of death is epistaxis , the technical term for a nose - bleed .
" The most common cause of epistaxis is picking the nose and I believe that is likely to be what happened . "
Mr Bothwell had been a fit young man until he suffered a brain haemorrhage when he was 20 .
He was unable to work and he quickly descended into alcoholism .
His only relative was a sister living in Cornwall , who he saw just once in 30 years at his mother 's funeral in 1986 .
Here ’s a proposal I will send to the python - dev .
What do you think ?
( Disclaimer : this proposal is highly inspired from the work done by people in various tools , it does not reinvent anything )
The problem
Python developers distribute and deploy their packages using myriads of dependencies .
Some of them are not yet available as official OS python packages .
Even sometimes one package conflicts with the official version of a package installed in a given OS .
In any case , the cycle of development of most Python applications is shorter than the release cycle of Linux distributions , so it is impossible for application Foo to wait that Bar 5.6 is officialy available in Debian 4.x .
Therefore , there ’s a need to provide or describe a specific list of dependencies for their application to work .
And this list of dependency might conflict with the existing list of packages installed in Python .
In other words , even if this is not a wanted behavior from an os packager point of view , an application might need to provide its own execution context .
Right now , when Python is loaded , it uses the site module to browse the site - packages directory to populate the path with packages it find there .
. pth files are also parsed to provide extra paths .
Python 2.6 has introduced per-user site - packages directory , where you can define an extra directory , which is added in the path like the central one .
But both will append new paths to the environment without any rule of exclusion or version checking .
The workarounds
A few workarounds exist to be able to express what packages ( and version ) an application needs to run , or to set up an isolated environment for it :
setuptools provides the install_requires mechanism where you can define dependencies directly inside the package , as a new metadata .
It also provides a way to install two different versions of one package and let you pick by code or when the program starts , which one you want to activate .
virtualenv will let you create an isolated Python environment , where you can define your own site - packages .
This allows you to make sure you are not conflicting with a incompatible version of a given package .
zc.buildout relies on setuptools and provides an isolated environment a bit similar in some aspects to virtualenv .
pip provides a way to describe requirements in a file , which can be used to define bundles , which are very similar to what zc. buildout provides .
But they all aim at the same goal : define a specific execution context for a specific application , and declare dependencies with no respect to other applications or to the OS environment .
This proposal describes a solution that can be added to Python to provide that feature .
The solution
A isolated environment file that describes dependencies is added .
This file can be tweaked by the application packager , or later by the OS packager if something goes wrong .
The isolated environment file
A new file called a Python Isolated Environment file ( PIE file ) can be provided by any application to define the list of dependencies and their versions .
It is a simple text file with a first line that provides :
a list of paths , separated by ‘:’ , on line 1
then one package per line , starting at line 2 . each package can be prefixed by a `!
`
For example :
/ var / myapp / myenv lxml sqlite sqlalchemy !
sqlobject
This list of packages might or might not be installed in Python .
Versions can be provided as well in this file :
/var/myapp/myenv:/var/myapp/myenv2 lxml >= 0.9 sqlite > 1.8 sqlalchemy == 0.7 ! sqlobject == 0.6
The file is saved with the pie extension ,
Loading an isolated environment file
A new function called load_isolated _environment is added in site .py , that let you load a PIE file .
Loading a PIE file means :
for each package defined , starting at line 2 , load_isolated _environment will look into the environment if the package with the particular version exists .
The version is given by the package .
__version__ value or the PKG - INFO one when available .
If the package exists but the version is not available , the version 0.0 is used .
for packages without the !
prefix : if the package is not found , it will scan each path provided on line 1 of the file , using the site - packages method , looking for that package .
if the package is found , it is added in the path .
if the package is not found , a PackageMissing error is raised .
for packages starting with the !
prefix : if the package is found , it is removed from the path
This function can be called by code like this :
>>> from site import load_isolated_environment >>> load_isolated_environment ('/ path/to/context.pie ' )
From there , sys.path meets the requirements and the code that is executed after this call will benefit from this context .
Another context can be loaded in the same process :
>>> load_isolated_environment ('/ path/to/another_context.pie ' )
Limitations :
if the new context brakes other programs in the process .
It ’s up to the application packager to fix the context file .
it ’s not the job of load_isolated _environment to resolve dependencies issues : if the foo package needs the bar package , it wo n’t complain .
it is not the job of load_isolated _environment to get missing dependencies .
Using an isolated environment file
Typically , an isolated environment file can be used into high - level Python scripts .
For example , any script an application provides to be launched :
# this script runs zope from site import load_isolated_environment load_isolated_environment ( ' zope-3.4.pie ' ) import zope if __name__ == ' __main__ ' : zope.run ( )
Found in the nearby Large Magellanic Cloud , 30 Doradus is one of the largest massive star forming regions close to the Milky Way .
Enormous stars in 30 Doradus , also known as the Tarantula Nebula , are producing intense radiation and searing winds of multimillion - degree gas that carve out gigantic bubbles in the surrounding cooler gas and dust .
Other massive stars have raced through their evolution and exploded catastrophically as supernovae , expanding these bubbles into X - ray - brightened superbubbles .
They leave behind pulsars as beacons of their former lives and expanding supernova remnants that trigger the collapse of giant clouds of dust and gas to form new generations of stars .
At the center of 30 Doradus lies the star cluster R136 at the intersection of three of these superbubbles .
However , with ages only between one and two million years old , the stars in R136 are too young to be source of the supernovae that brighten the superbubbles in X - rays .
Instead , R136 is most likely just the latest cluster to form in 30 Doradus .
It may be as massive as it is because these superbubbles have combined to concentrate their gas in this region and thus triggered intense star formation there .
30 Doradus is about 160,000 light years from Earth in the southern constellation of Dorado .
It spans 800 light years across and is incredibly bright in many wavelengths .
If it were at the distance of the Orion Nebula ( 1,300 light years ) , 30 Doradus would span the area of 60 full Moons and its optical light would be bright enough to cast shadows at night on the Earth .
This latest X - ray image of 30 Doradus represents almost 114,000 seconds , or 31 hours , of Chandra observing time - three times longer than previously recorded .
In this image , red represents the lower range of X - rays that Chandra detects , the medium range is green , while the highest - energy X - rays are blue .
Category : Photo Effects and Retouching
How about a fun effect for your incredibly boring photo albums ?
Creating a old comic book effect for your photos is easy and the results are visually appealing .
More fun is achieved when adding captions to your photos using comic book fonts and design elements .
This tutorial will show you how to give a comic book look to your photos using a couple of filters and some additional decorations .
Original image by Rubén Colorado
Old halftone print effect
Copy the photo below and paste it in a new Photoshop file .
Now we are going to increase the overall contrast of the picture by burning it a bit .
Go to IMAGE > ADJUSTMENTS > LEVELS
… With this image we are going to set the INPUT LEVELS to 60 / 1.00 / 220 .
But this is only for this example .
Choose the best settings for each photo .
In this step we are going to give the photo an illustrated look with some graininess to give the illusion of an old and bad quality paper .
It is not a realistic effect , it is just some distortion to the image to help us achieve the final look .
Go to FILTERS > ARTISTIC > FILM GRAIN .
In this case we are going to use : GRAIN : 4 , HIGHLIGHT AREA : 0 , INTENSITY : 10 .
Try different settings for different photos .
Duplicate the layer and name the new layer HALFTONE
In this step we are going apply a halftone pattern to the image to give the final old comic book printing effect .
Go to FILTER > PIXELATE > COLOR HALFTONE .
Set MAX RADIUS : 4 and leave the rest with the default values .
Press OK and then go to the LAYERS PALETTE and set the BLENDING MODE to DARKEN .
Adding comic book elements to the picture
The effect looks nice so far .
It is not a realistic old comic book effect , it simple resembles that look .
To make it more real , now comes the fun part .
We are going to add some unique elements that are very popular on comic books and strips Select the HALFTONE layer and set a STROKE LAYER STYLE of WIDTH : 20px , POSITION : Inside and COLOR : # F5ECE1 .
Add a new layer and draw a small rectangle at the top left of the frame of the image .
Give it a STROKE of 3 pixels and paint it orange .
An orange to yellow gradient looks better .
Draw another rectangle , a bit larger this time , on the lower left corner of the frame .
Give it a STROKE of 3 pixels and paint it white .
The final result should be like the one below :
Lets add a border to the image :
Add a new empty layer above the layer containing the rectangles we created in the previous step .
Select the RECTANGLE SELECTION TOOL from the TOOLS PALETTE .
Draw a selection from the top left ( right inside the frame ) to the bottom right border of the image .
Go to EDIT > STROKE , set WIDTH : 4px , COLOR : BLACK , LOCATION CENTER and press OK .
DESELECT the current selection and go to FILTER > BLUR > BLUR MORE .
Then apply a small distortion using FILTER > DISTORT > RIPPLE … ( Amount 20 % , Size Medium ) .
Now , lets sharpen the stroke a bit with FILTER > SHARPEN MORE and there you have a nice simulated hand drawn border .
Adding captions using a comic book font
To add captions to the photo you can use any font you like , but only using fonts specially designed for comic books you will be able to achieve the desired look .
Download the free font Digital Strip and install it .
At the end of this article you will find a lot of free and commercial comic book fonts and resources .
Using the Digital Strip font you ’ve just downloaded , type a date on the top orange rectangle .
Play with the first letter of the text by adding a stroke , a shadow and a bright contrasting color .
Then write a caption for the photo at the bottom white rectangle .
Highlighting some words in bold also looks good .
And that ’s all .
Your image should look similar to the one below :
Adding other comic book elements to your photos
If you want to learn more about comic book design , you can browse sites like Comic Book Fonts or Balloon Tales for some inspiration .
Balloon Tales has published a fantastic comic book lettering tutorial that you should read if you want to make some stunning sound effects .
There are lots of comic book resources , but these two are very colorful and loaded with design tips and examples .
As an example , I ’ve created two images using other design elements such as balloons and sound effects :
Iceland 's financial crisis threatens to push many migrants - mostly from Poland - back home , in what would be a further blow to the island 's economy , the BBC's Ray Furlong says .
Flateyri's dwindling community heavily depends on migrants Flateyri is just a handful of weatherboard homes and some squat warehouses perched by the fjord .
When the weather is good the waters glisten in the sun , with snow - covered mountains sloping down on all sides .
It is a long way from the global financial storm that is tearing through Iceland 's capital , Reykjavik .
But that storm could soon be felt here , too .
The only activity in the village , apart from a small pub , is the fish processing plant - where workers from Poland , the Philippines , and Thailand pack cod fillets ready for freezing .
I do n't know if the village could survive without the Poles .
But I just do n't like how they do n't try to learn our language
Maria Kristjansdottir
" We have 36 people working for us , and only three of them are from Iceland , " says Vigdis Erlingsdottir , the owner .
" Most of the workers come from Poland .
We would n't be able to have this factory open without them .
They are the base of the town .
" When I was growing up we had 350 - 400 people living here , now it 's 200 and more than 100 of them are foreigners , " Ms Erlingsdottir says .
' Going home '
It is a story that has been repeated at countless remote fishing communities in Iceland .
Vigdis says her business would not survive without Polish workers
As the local young people left for education and jobs in Reykjavik , the population declined - until the last few years , when an influx of migrant workers , mostly from Poland , reversed the trend .
But Iceland 's economic crisis could push the migrants away again .
Janina Krzyszewska came to Flateyri three years ago .
She lives with her husband and children , and has even bought a house .
" For now , my home is here , but I plan to go back to Poland in the future .
Everything depends on inflation , " she says .
Inflation was at 14 % before the current financial turmoil , which saw Iceland 's currency , the krona , plummet in value .
At one stage it lost 30 % of its value in a single day .
" It makes me think about going home .
My brother is thinking very hard about going back to Poland , and my cousin wants to go back too , " Mrs Krzyszewska says .
Bad stories Icelanders have mixed feelings about migrant workers .
This is a society that has never known large - scale immigration .
Janina says she just wants to pack up and go back to Poland A Reykjavik taxi - driver told me " there are 20,000 Poles in Iceland - and it's 20,000 too many " .
The Polish consulate estimates there are 8,000 Poles here , but the comment illustrates a wider mood .
Dorota Erutkowska -Bragasson , who is married to an Icelander and works as a translator , says media reports about Poles committing rapes and thefts have soured the atmosphere .
" Icelandic children hear bad things about Polish people , maybe from their parents or somewhere .
Then they come to school and they are using it , saying ' your father is a rapist ' or something .
It 's very sad , " she says .
In last year 's general election a small opposition party , the Liberals , gained seats in parliament by calling for curbs on immigration .
Magnus Thor Hafsteinsson , one of its MPs , even sees the current crisis as a blessing in disguise .
" This matter of integration is very important for us Icelanders as we are a very small nation , " he says .
" We are only 300,000 speaking this language which nobody else does .
It 's very important that we take care of our history , our background , and our language .
Those are the things that make us a nation , " Mr Hafsteinsson adds .
Currency limits
In Flateyri , where the migrants are so crucial , there is a more nuanced view .
Maria says the Polish community lives its separate life in Flateyri " There 's nothing for us to do here except work in the fish factory or petrol station or something , so we all want to leave to have some more education , " says 19 - year - old Maria Kristjansdottir , who has just moved back to the area from Reykjavik to have a baby .
" So we move away .
I do n't know if the village could survive without the Poles .
But I just do n't like how they do n't try to learn our language .
" I was working at a petrol station , and they just spoke Polish to me and I did n't like that , because they 're so many .
They have their own community - the Polish community . "
Twenty minutes ' drive up the road , in the village of Sureyri , the whitewashed walls of a windswept Lutheran church give shelter to a Polish Catholic congregation .
Sureyri also relies on Polish workers to keep its fish plant in business and stop its population shrinking .
The priest , Father Piotr , spends his days driving around the scattered Polish communities .
Many Poles are now unable to send home remittances " Sometimes , after Mass , people talk to me about the economic situation .
These are hard times .
But there 's nothing we can do about it , " he says .
Polish officials in Reykjavik are a bit more forthcoming .
Michal Sikorski , the Polish consul , tells me Polish workers have been calling up asking for advice .
In response to the crisis , Iceland has put limits on taking foreign currency out of the country .
Mr Sikorski says
Poles have been unable to send home remittances - for most , the sole purpose of their stay in Iceland .
That could be a death knell for business people like Vigdis - and the dwindling communities they support .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Jerusalem
A quarter century has passed since Israel last claimed to go to war in the name of peace .
" Operation Peace for Galilee " -- Israel 's 1982 invasion of Lebanon -- failed to convince the international public and even many Israelis that its goal was to promote reconciliation between Israel and the Arab world .
In fact , the war had precisely ...
月が地球の落ちないのはなぜ？というお話。
円運動 - odz buffer
というのはわたしも酷いな、と思ったのだけれど、よくよく考えてみれば、そう思うわたし自身ちゃんと解っているのかな、とも思いました。
たとえば 、 「遠心力と重力が釣り合っているから」なんて説明を、うっかりしてしまいそうですが、月が地球に引かれつつも墜落しないような運動をしているから遠心力というみかけの力が見えるので、説明になっていないと思いますし、どんどん遠くになげると落ちるカーブよりも地表のカーブの方がきつくなるのでグルグル永遠に回り続けるようになる、というのも、それって地球のカーブと同じ曲率になるような奇跡のようなコントロールがなくっちゃだめなの？とも思います。（遠くから来た天体が重力につかまって、地球の周りを回るようになった・・・みたいなの、どんだけの奇跡？）
要は知識ってだけで、理解はしていないのね、わたし。
そういうとき 、Etoys はなかなか素敵な友達です。出番ですよ！
地球に向かって落とせ！ とはいえ、今回は地球が平たい円盤じゃなくって丸い星であることを意識しなきゃいけません。何時でも下に落ちればいいってもんじゃありませんよ。
というわけで、月の落ちる方向とその引っ張る力を作ります。
重力さん登場！この Gravity には 引っ張る力を表す power 変数を追加してあげます。 そして先ほど の
Moon の fall スクリプト を
Gravity の heading ( 向き ) とpowerを参考にしたものにちょっと改変。試しに実行してみましょう。
・・・上向きの矢印なので、月が宇宙に向かって加速しながら落ちて(? ) いきます。むーむ。 というわけで、あと はGravityの向きを地球に向けてやるだけです。Gravityの力は、本当は距離の2乗に反比例するのだけれど、まぁ、固定値でいっか、です。
重力さんを作ったところで、今回の真打ち、地球さんの登場！
重力の方向――月から見てどちらに地球が居るか、を求める方法を考えます。とりあえず距離が必要そうなので
そのまんま Distance オブジェクトをば作成。 で、距離計算。ここは大人の狡さを発揮して、三平方の定理なんかを使っちゃいます。（あぁ、小学生にやさしくなさすぎます）
Distance 's dx ← Moon 's x - Earth 's x Distance 's dy ← Moon 's y - Earth 's y Distance 's numeric_value ← squareRoot ( square ( Distance 's dx ) + square ( Distance 's dy ) ) 計算が見づらかったので 、X方向の差分 とY方向の差分を示す変数 dx と dy を Distance に追加しています。スクリプ ト
をTicking で実行してぐりぐり月を動かして、どうやら正しそうな動きをしていることを確認します。（デバッグ楽ですにゃあ） 次は向きです。むー。ここらへんも小学生向きな便利かつシンプルな何かがあるのかもしれませんが、わたしは
Etoys 3級くらいなので、わかりませんでした。なのでヒキョウ第2弾で 三角関数さんにご登場願いました。
Test Distance 's dy < 0
Yes Gravity 's heading ← degreeArcTan ( Distance 's dx / Distance 's dy ) No Gravity 's heading ← degreeArcTan ( Distance 's dx / Distance 's dy ) + 180 タンジェントから角度θを逆算します。Etoys オブジェクトの headding は、上に向いている時が 0度なのと 、Ticking デバッグすると、月が地球に下にいるか上にいるかで向きが反転しちゃうのでその補正をいれたらこんな風になりました、な当たって砕けたら直しましょうコーディング。あ、X方向の差分と
Y方向の差分しか使ってない。いらないじゃん 、Distanceオブジェクト...orz ・・という風なトライアンドエラーで学習するのが
Etoys の強みなのですよ！（と言ってみる・・）
気を取り直して 、Moon の fall スクリプトの動作を再開します。 おぉ、地球に向かって落ちる落ちる。月の魂が重力に惹かれはじめました。地球をドラッグしながら月においかけさせます。あはは、こっちこっち~♪
・・・・・・って、何処まで早くなるんだ、この月！
慣性が足りない！ この月が地球に落ちないなんて無理です。どんなに逃げても絶対追いつかれます。あわわ。これは変です。 ・・・ていうか、この月、追従性よすぎない？どんだけコーナリング性能良すぎというか。地球を反対に振っても勢いを増しながら食らい付いてきます。そうか、慣性がないんだ！ というわけで慣性を作ります。 これに前回の月の向きとスピード（移動距離）を保存して、次回のfall時に重力との合力をつくって動かしてあげればよいハズ！
・・・ってベクトルの合算ですか。にゅー。ベクトルを向きはそのままに二つつなげてあげて、つなげたものの始点と終点に線を引けばよいのだけれど、それをタイルスクリプトでやるには・・・・・・・・。うーー、知恵熱が。
――というわけで、ベタベタそのまんまをスクリプティング。なんとかならなかったら、もう一度考えましょ。
まず、月のこれから動く先を作ります。 で、あとは、 と重力だけで動いた後、次に慣性だけで動いてみると。ほんとそのままですね。
さて月の動く前と動く後の点がわかったので、あとは重力のときと同じ要領で慣性を計算しましょう。今回の移動にはいらなくても、次回の移動に必要ですからね。
MoonInertia 's dx ← Nextpoint 's x - Moon 's x MoonInertia 's dy ← Nextpoint 's y - Moon 's y MoonInertia 's power ← squareRoot ( square ( MoonInertia 's dx ) + square ( MoonInertia 's dy ) )
Test MoonInertia 's dy > 0
Yes MoonInertia 's heading ← degreeArcTan ( MoonInertia 's dx / MoonInertia 's dy ) No MoonInertia 's heading ← degreeArcTan( MoonInertia 's dx / MoonInertia 's dy ) + 180 あとは、Moon fall を、慣性をつかったバージョンに書き換えします。（オマケも二つ）
さぁ、これでうまくいくハズ ！Ticking 再開です。 そのままだとまっすぐ地球に落ちてきてしまいますが、最初だけ地球をドラッグして衝突しないようによけてあげれば...。
ほら、なんだか地球の周りを回転しはじめそう。さっきみたいに必死に逃げなくても落っこちてこないです。（黒い点が二重になってるのは、月をX方向移動、Y方向移動と2回動かしてるため）
ということは、地球を動かさなくっても、月に最初に適当な動き（慣性）を与えておけば、
落ちる力だけで地球を回り始めそうな感じです。おぉお、これはいけましたか！？
ケプラーさんと、こんにちはこんにちは！！する。
――とかやってみたのですが、なんだか全然円運動に入れません。
円運動にはいれば安定しそうなのですが、なんというか、非常にセンシティブで。重力を強くすれば恐ろしい勢いで宇宙の彼方へすっとんでいきますし、重力を弱くしても次第に起動がふくらんでいきます。振動しながら起動が加速度的にでっかく成る感。重力が無限遠までそのまま伝わるのでいつかは戻ってくると思いますケド。
なにより致命的なのは、回せないどころか、落とせないこと。もしこれが隕石弾で地球を破壊せよゲームだったら、絶対クリアできません(
T△T 落とせないというのは絶対おかしい。こんな小さなお話でも、やっぱりちゃんと重力は距離の2乗に反比例しないとだめなのかしらん。というわけで、手抜きはやめてちゃんと距離の2乗反比例させてみます。
動かしてみると、おぉ、なんだか地球から遠くなると速度がゆっくりになって、地球に近づくととっても早くなります。ケプラーの第二法則だぁ♪と、ちょっと興奮です。特にスイングバイが楽しい。
重力を距離の二乗に反比例させるようにしてから、振動するような軌道を描かなくなりました。一見相似な図形を描きながら大きくなっていくか、または容赦なく宇宙の彼方に直線的にすっとんでいくかの2択っぽい。で、相似な図形を描く方ですが、
うーん 、Etoys の画面が小さくってこれ以上は出来なかったのだけれど、周回ごとの軌道のずれ幅の比率が相対的に小さくなっていってるのと、軌道にたいする地球の位置がずれていって言ってるので、相似ではないですね。もっど周回させると安定するのかな？、と思いたくなる感じです。軌道が地球を一つの焦点にする楕円になっていくかんじ？あぁっ！ そういえばケプラーの第 三 一法則がそんなんでした！（←と、ここに至るまで、惑星の軌道は真円だとなんとなく思い込んでいた中世な脳のわたし）
と、なんだかケプラーさんの後ろ姿が見えてきたスッゴクいいところでこのエントリはおしまいです。ほんとはもうちょっと「できた！」と確信がもてるまでやるつもりだったのですが、なんかもう、疲れ果ててしまったので、ここらで打ち止め。こんなもんでご勘弁です。（あぁ、寝る前のちょっとアソビのつもりだったのに、もう空が白いデスよ...） ・・・オヤスミナサイ。
* * *
と、こんなコトやってみて思ったのは、数学ってすっごく便利だなっ！ということ。こんなに便利なモノ無いよとかおもいました。ホントは三平方の定理とか三角関数とか、そういう「難しそうアレルギー」が起こりそうなのは使わない、と思っていたのですけれど、いやぁ、便利でついつい。
なんていうか「数学なんて勉強する意味あるんですか？」なんて子供に言わせちゃうのは、大人の不手際かもね、とか（全然教育現場の苦労も知らないくせに）思ってしまいした。
追記 とか、きれいに落としたつもりでしたが、なんか、最後のも変な気がしてきました。むーむ。
Argonne National Laboratory Debuts Energy Efficient 557 TFlop Supercomputer
December 29th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
Argonne National Laboratory ’s new Blue Gene / P high - performance computer runs at an awe - inspiring 557 teraflops ( 557 trillion calculations per second ) and can wow the green crowd with its energy efficiency .
The computer uses only 1 MW of power — about a third as much electricity as a conventionally built supercomputer of comparable size .
According to the Green500 ranking of supercomputers , Argonne ’s Blue Gene / P’s energy efficiency averages out to over 350 million calculations a second per watt , making it the second most energy - efficient supercomputer in the world .
In comparison , a household light bulb uses between 50 and 100 watts of power .
Blue Gene / P maintains its efficiency with the use of six air handlers that move 300,000 cubic feet of air per minute under the facility floor .
Other supercomputer facilities use large air conditioners , but they require significantly more energy .
And since Argonne is a government facility , guess who reaps the benefits of its $ 1 million per year savings : the taxpayers .
Photo Credit : Argonne National Laboratory
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Gov. Schwarzenegger Signs Executive Order to Raise California ’s Renewable Energy Goals to 33 % by 2020 and Clear Red Tape for Renewable Energy Projects
In an executive order signed on Monday , California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger committed to getting a third of California ’s electricity from renewable sources by 2020 .
Schwarzenegger made the announcement while speaking at a solar panel factory in Sacramento .
California Executive Order S -14-08 puts the state ’s renewable energy requirement at 33 % by 2020 , securing its place as the most aggressive renewable energy mandate in the country .
[ social_buttons ]
The order comes
Just three days after Schwarzenegger issued another unprecedented executive order to state agencies telling them to make preparations for rising sea levels caused by global warming .
Schwarzenegger ’s aggressive target , however , cannot be met without additional changes in the current policy landscape .
In fact , just two weeks ago , California voters soundly rejected Proposition 7 which sought to increase the state ’s renewable energy standard .
Environmental groups were nearly unanimous in their opposition to Prop 7 because it created an exclusion for smaller utilities and power providers .
Schwarzenegger said :
“ …we wo n’t meet that goal doing business as usual , where environmental regulations are holding up environmental progress in some cases .
This executive order will clear the red tape for renewable projects and streamline the permitting and siting of new plants and transmission lines .
With this investment in renewable energy projects , California has a bright energy future ahead that will help us fight climate change while driving our state ’s green economy . ”
The Governor will propose legislative language that will codify the new higher standards and require all utilities , public and private , to meet the 33 percent target and spread implementation costs across all ratepayers with safeguards for low - income customers .
The executive order will also allow for the expansion of eligibility for California ’s RPS program to renewable energy generation from other western states .
The Governor made today ’s announcement at the site of OptiSolar ’s new plant in Sacramento , which will begin manufacturing solar panels in early 2009 .
When fully built out , the one - million - square - foot plant will be the largest photovoltaic solar panel manufacturing plant in North America .
Image : Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory
For Immediate Release :
November 5 , 2008
Court Rebukes CIA on Freedom of Information , Recognizes Journalists , Not CIA , Determine What Is News
CIA Ordered to Treat National Security Archive as Representative of the News Media for All FOIA Requests
For more information contact :
Meredith Fuchs - 202/994-7000
Washington D.C. , November 5 , 2008 - In a striking rebuke to the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) , Judge Gladys Kessler of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia yesterday rejected the CIA ’s view that it — and not journalists — has the right to determine which Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) requests are newsworthy .
Reconsidering its earlier decision deferring to the CIA ’s written assurances that the agency would cease illegally denying the National Security Archive ’s news media status , the court ordered the CIA to treat the Archive as a representative of the news media for all of its pending and future non-commercial requests .
Finding that the CIA “ has twice made highly misleading representations to the Archive , as well as to [ the ]
Court , ” the court explained that the CIA ’s position “ is truly hard to take seriously ” and enjoined the CIA from illegally denying the Archive ’s news media status .
“ The CIA 's long - running failure to treat the Archive ’s FOIA requests in accordance with clearly established law , together with its persistent lack of candor with the court , raise serious concerns about what else the CIA may be doing to obstruct the public 's legitimate efforts to learn about the agency 's past and present activities , ” said Pat Carome , counsel for the Archive from WilmerHale LLP .
“ Judge Kessler 's ruling represents a stern reminder to the CIA that it must live up to our nation 's open government laws . ”
“ Sadly , it took us 28 months , repeated CIA misrepresentations to the court , and extensive litigation to get the CIA to do a simple thing — to follow the law , ” commented the Archive ’s General Counsel , Meredith Fuchs .
“ This case shows why the OPEN Government Act of 2007 was so sorely needed and why Congress is to be commended for making the FOIA a priority .
The Freedom of Information
Act is stronger today thanks to the amendments and a court that was willing to enforce the law . ”
In the meantime , however , the CIA began denying news media status again .
The Archive attempted to resolve the issue directly with the agency , but the CIA refused to even consider the Archive ’s administrative appeals .
Thereafter , the Archive returned to court to seek reconsideration of the court ’s dismissal based on the CIA ’s continuing illegal practices .
In response to the Archive ’s motion , on September 5 , 2008 , the CIA again sent an eleventh hour letter on the day its court filing was due , this time purporting to “ sincerely apologize ” for its “ administrative mistake [ ] ” of denying news media status even after it assured the court it would follow the law .
Then , on the next business day , the CIA again failed to grant the Archive news media status , in direct contravention of the “ sincere apology ” letter they filed with the court .
In granting the Archive ’s motion for reconsideration , Judge Kessler characterized the CIA ’s conduct as “ extraordinary misbehavior ” and concluded that “ the Defendants ’ past actions strongly suggest that their alleged misconduct will recur . ”
Deeming the CIA ’s apologies and voluntary reversals insufficient , the court reconsidered the merits of the case and concluded that the CIA ’s denials of the Archive ’s news media status were unlawful .
The court ordered that “ the CIA must treat the Archive as a representative of the news media for all pending and future non-commercial FOIA requests . ”
Attachments :
Court Opinion Ordering CIA to Grant News Media Status
CIA September 5 , 2008 , Apology Letter for Failing to Grant News Media Status
CIA September 8 , 2008 , Letter Failing to Grant News Media Status Despite Apology
CIA September 8 , 2006 , Letter Promising to Grant News Media Status
Archive Motion for Reconsideration
CIA Opposition to Motion for Reconsideration
Archive Reply on Motion for Reconsideration
Archive Motion for Summary Judgment
[ social_buttons ]
Icelandic star — and part time swan —
Björk is using her celebrity to jump start a venture capital fund focused on women , and the environment .
Audur Capital which launched the fund has 17 employees – 15 of them are women .
I kinda feel sexist pointing that out .
I do n’t know why .
Anyway , check this out : Women Are Out Greening Men. C’mon guys …we need to cowboy up !
The company plans to invest $ 832 K into the fund .
Ventures will include sustainable businesses that leverage Iceland ’s natural resources , culture and green energy .
“ We believe in the future potential of women and socially responsible businesses and we simply reject the view that it is either about financial returns or social benefit , ” the company said .
“ It ’s a great honour to have ( the fund ) named after me , ” Bjork told Icelandic daily Morgunbladid .
I ’m sure it is you crazy swan .
“ The fund is intended for investors seeking investment opportunities in new venture creation and business development of small companies with the objective of fuelling the recovery of the Icelandic economy , ” the company said in a statement .
Audur hopes the fund will have close to $ 17 million and that companies may start applying for grants next year .
Photo : Bjork.com
Wave of the future :
The dancing spider - like cruiser that can take 12 people on a 5,000 - mile journey
It might look like something out of a James Bond film but this is could be the ocean cruiser of the future .
The WAM-V , or Wave Adaptive Modular Vessel , blasts along on two giant inflatable tubes which , according to its designers , let it ' dance ' with the waves .
Powered by twin diesel engines , the spider - like craft can be crewed by just two people as it tackles voyages of up to 5,000 miles .
New Bond gadget ?
The new WAM - V prototype sits above the water , offering up to 12 people a ride in its underbelly
And best of all , designers claim the boat , nicknamed Proteus , is so light that its fuel consumption is ' significantly lower ' than other boats of a similar size .
The catamaran has been built by US - based Marine Advanced Research Inc to carry out studies of the world 's oceans .
But designers say the vessel could , in the future , be used as a luxury cruiser , a scuba diving boat or a passenger ship for up to 12 people .
They say they have already designed , manufactured and tested 8ft radio - controlled models and a 50ft personal craft as well as the 100ft Proteus .
A spokesman for the group said : ' The WAM - V is a new class of watercraft based on a patented technology that delivers a radically new seagoing experience .
' These ultralight flexible catamarans are designed to allow for a variety of applications and to fit the requirements of specific users , missions or projects .
The WAM - V blasts along on two giant inflatable tubes , which , according to its designers let it ' dance ' with the waves
' Unlike conventional boats , the hulls of a WAM - V conform to the surface of the water .
'A WAM - V does not push , slap or pierce the waves - she utilizes flexibility to adapt her structure and shape to the water surface .
' Instead of forcing the water to conform to the hull , she gives and adjusts .
She dances with the waves . '
The spokesman said the WAM - V could even be used for watersports , adding : ' Your WAM - V could be the means to a new extreme sport experience . '
The main structure of the boat is constructed of titanium and aluminium and is connected to the twin hulls by ball joints fitted with springs and shock absorbers .
Two engine pods , containing the propellors and ancillary systems , are fastened to the hulls with special hinges that keep the propellers in the water at all times .
Despite displacing 12 tons when carrying its full load of 2,000 gallons of fuel , designers claim it handles like ' a small powerboat ' .
Council ranks term ' British ' with ' negroes ' and bans it in case it upsets Scots , Welsh and minorities
The word ‘ British ’ can be as offensive as ‘ negro ’ and ‘ half - caste ’ , according to a race relations body .
The publicly - funded organisation ’s views have been adopted by Caerphilly council in South Wales for a leaflet advising staff on how to deal with the public .
In a section on what words or phrases not to use to avoid causing offence , the leaflet solemnly informs the council ’s 9,000 workers :
‘ The idea of “ British ” implies a false sense of unity – many Scots , Welsh and Irish resist being called British and the land denoted by the term contains a wide variety of cultures , languages and religions . ’
Caerphilly , where council workers have been warned not to use the term ' British ' for fear of offending ethnic minorities
The suggestion the word ‘ British ’ should be avoided appears alongside similar sections which warn that ‘ half - caste ’ implies ‘ a person is not whole and so should be avoided ’ and that ‘ negro ’ has ‘ racist overtones and is linked with the slave trade ’ .
The man behind the advice is former Labour minister Ron Davies – who lost his Cabinet job in 1998 after what he described as a ‘ moment of madness ’ , when he was robbed after meeting a man on Clapham Common , a well - known gay haunt .
He has been the head of Valleys Race Equality Council ( Valrec ) for five years .
Valrec is funded by councils and the Commission for Racial Equality and it pays Mr Davies £ 27,000 a year .
Equalities Director Ron Davies ( left ) , issued guidelines to council workers warning them not to use the term ' British ' but Conservative MP David Davies ( right ) condemned the guidelines as ' political correctness gone mad '
He said : ‘ It ’s just for information , there ’s no advice or instruction .
Of this council ’s employees , 3,900 describe themselves as white British , whereas 5,400 describe themselves as white Welsh .
‘ So this information is very much in accordance with the way that people in Caerphilly identify themselves . ’
Poll Is ' British ' an offensive term ?
No Yes Is ' British ' an offensive term ?
No 39974 votes
Yes 4632 votes Now share your opinion
But Tory MP David Davies , MP for Monmouth said : ‘ There ’s absolutely nothing offensive about describing people as British .
‘ This is political correctness gone mad .
Organisations like this are using public money to propagate their own narrow nationalistic ideas .
' Perhaps they should be replaced by a single body that promotes Britishness and encourages everyone in this country , whether black , Asian or white to unite and stand together under the British flag . ’
Rugby legend Gareth Edwards , who won 53 caps for Wales and ten for the British Lions , said last night : ‘ I ’m very proud to be Welsh and if anybody asks me where I ’m from , I ’ll say Wales .
But I ’m also British – I ’ve played for the British Lions and I ’m very proud of that too . ’
Less than one per cent of Caerphilly ’s 170,000 residents are from ethnic minorities – and figures from the last census suggest only 15 per cent of the total identify themselves as Welsh .
Asked about the leaflet , entitled Equalities in the Delivery of Council Services , a council spokesman said : ‘ We are committed to equality and we always try to ensure that everyone is treated equally , regardless of sex , race or religion .
‘ However , we also recognise that political correctness can sometimes be taken too far and we try to strike the right balance . ’
Teaching unions have attacked BNP plans to promote White History Month in schools , colleges and universities across England .
As the party reels from the leaking of its membership list , its youth and student wings have launched an alternative to Black History Month , saying : “ This is our month , where we can be proud to be white and express it openly . ”
The campaign aims to counter ' white guilt trips in the national curriculum ' by teaching children the ' truth ' about slavery , colonialism and imperialism .
Matthew Collins from anti-fascist organisation Searchlight , said : “ This odious campaign reveals the BNP ’s true colours .
Their views on history have always been selective – [ BNP leader ]
Nick Griffin has denied the Holocaust ever happened .
“ They also conveniently neglect to mention their own history , which is ridden with racism , fascism and violence . ”
The BNP claims to have sent out thousands of leaflets to teaching establishments and to have emailed headteachers , university deans , student groups , campus groups , scouts and guide groups .
“ The world would be a very different place if it was n’t for the British Empire , ” according to the literature .
“ The only way the government can get British people to allow themselves to be dispossessed in their own homeland is to make them ashamed of themselves and their history .
“ Never be embarrassed of the Empire or ashamed of it , no matter what your teachers say .
Be proud of it .
It was a time of great improvement and advancement in the world and it was all thanks to the British . ”
As part of the month , the BNP is promoting ' The March of the Titans - a history of the white race ' , a tome that glorifies the Ku Klux Klan and praises Adolf Hitler for backing an anti-smoking drive , discouraging alcohol abuse and outlawing vivisection , whilst admitting " he will always be associated with an outburst of anti-Jewish sentiment " .
The book then attempts to justify the Holocaust by saying : " No - one would question that the Jews , like everyone else in the Second World War , suffered great misfortune and were in particular subjected to unprecedented persecution and harassment on racial grounds .
“ International Jewry had however publicly and openly declared war on Nazi Germany and the Nazis therefore regarded Jews as a hostile combatant group of special significance . "
The campaign was condemned by University and College Union ( UCU ) General Secretary Sally Hunt , who said : " The BNP has no interest in the freedoms that UCU or the majority of people in this country believe in .
“ The academic community is one that is built on diversity and tolerance .
The BNP has no interest in sharing those values and preaches only hate and fear . ”
The NUT ’s Acting General Secretary Christine Blower , said : “ The BNP 's latest publication , like all of its literature , has no place in the school curriculum .
A key purpose of education is to promote respect and equal opportunities .
These values are in direct contradiction to BNP policies . ”
The Guiding Association of Great Britain also condemned the initiative .
A spokeswoman said : “ One of the core values of Girlguiding UK is promoting equality and diversity and throughout our membership we build a respect and understanding of a range of cultures . "
Advertisements
Want to green your ride , but ca n’t afford a Tesla ?
That ’s okay … there are plenty of cool ( if not quite so flashy ) new transportation options coming down the pike that will cost you less than $ 100,000 .
Some of ‘em you can even build yourself .
Seriously Strange Fossil Fuelings :
Who needs hydrogen ?
Some energy alternatives have been around for years , and are making a comeback .
1. Wood
It ’s not talked about as much as the Manhattan Project , but there was a big energy crisis during WWII , when the military sucked up a huge portion of the world ’s petroleum output .
Individual car - owners across Europe converted their cars and trucks to run on… wood .
Wood ?
Wood .
Engines do n’t run on liquid gasoline – they literally run on fumes .
Same goes for the fire in your fireplace – when you see flames rising , that ’s the fumes of volatiles coming off the logs and igniting .
You can do the same thing in your car .
Some folks are working on making this high - tech , with scrubbers and sealed , carefully controlled burners .
Renewable Energy Systems are currently running a demonstration coast - to - coast tour with a couple of modded 1991 Dodge Dakota V8 pickups .
But for now you can go very low - tech – plonk a stove on the back of your pickup and run a vacuum hose to the carburetor ; after that your spark plugs ignite the fumes as per usual .
You can get information on the web to rig your vehicle with a hundred or so dollars in parts : Jim Mason offers workshops and info , or order a how - to guide from Mother Earth News .
But either way , your fuel can be wood if you want – or any scrap biomass .
2. Steam
The British Steam Car looks like the Batmobile and runs like an iron horse .
It is not quite road - ready just yet , though , as it guzzles 1,000 litres ( one ton ! ) of water per 25 minutes of travel time .
So for now it is recommended only for shorter commutes ( or perhaps not at all ) .
3. People Power
HumanCar is driven by people – even the steering is human powered , like on a bicycle or motorcycle .
How does it work ?
They ’re being very , very cagey – there ’s lot of talk on their website about patents and proprietary trade secrets , not too much on how it will run .
But for sure , this wo n’t be a Flintstones - style feet - through - the - floor operation .
Already on the Market :
4. ZAP Xebra
Perfect for in - city commuting or shopping , this little car only has a 25 - mile range .
Still , it brags that even after counting emissions from generating the electricity it uses , it produces 98 % less pollution than a gas vehicle .
And it ’s available now .
Next up : A ZAP trucklet with a solar panel to fuel itself .
5. Smart Fortwo
This may look like a toy , but it pumps out 110 horsepower ( between a 4 - cylinder gas engine and a 50 - kilowatt electric motor )
And it is kind of cute .
This vehicle seats two comfortably ( depending on the individual , of course ) ; at a stretch you can cram in thirteen contortionists .
Future Green Transport :
6. Zoop
This little electric flitter can travel at up to 120 mph ( although that prospect raises the specter of “ Unsafe at Any Speed ” ) .
The Zoop is more about being seen – hence the clear canopy and the flashy design by EV - proponents André and Coqueline Courrèges of Paris - based fashion house Maison de Courrèges .
7. Ecooter
It is hard to say whether this Chinese offering is even a car , and even the name implies it is some sort of scooter …
Still , it has four wheels ( in a diamond layout , rather than the standard “ four corners ” formation ) and there is a roof over your head to keep out the wind and rain , so perhaps it qualifies .
The way it parks is particularly interesting – thanks to the diamond wheelbase , you can do some remarkably tight turning with this little thing :
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9OK_59m6mDA[/youtube]
7. Loremo
The name stands for “ Low Resistance Mobile ”
This just goes to show that you do n’t need to wait for next decade ’s technology to accomplish amazing things with milage :
The Loremo combines a highly - efficient German - engineered diesel engine with extremely low - drag design to achieve 150 miles per gallon .
Coming next year to Europe , with US launch to follow .
8. Helios
Want to really get off the grid ?
Helios has the answer : a solar - powered buggy with a saurian solar sail that spreads out to soak up the sun and recharge , photovoltaicly .
This concept car won the Best Use of Technology at the Interior Motives Design Awards 2008 .
Note to racers : do NOT attempt to deploy the sail as a drag chute …
9 . The Air Car
Coming as early as spring 2009 from MDI and Zero Pollution Motors , it runs on compressed air .
Developed by Formula
One engineer Guy Nègre , the Air Car is expected to make big inroads in India , where it will be sold as the Tata Nano for $ 2500 .
10 . VW 1 - Liter
A few of the mainline automakers are trying to break out of the gas - guzzler mode ( although not GM , who have announced they wo n’t be bringing their min-cars to the US market , further demonstrating their brilliant business acumen and why the government should give them a big bailout . )
VW wanted a car that would go 100 miles on one liter of gas , but it ’s taken them more than six years to perfect the high - tech low - weight materials like carbon fiber and titanium .
Along with a super - sleek aerodynamic shell , this diesel - powered commuter car is scheduled to get a spectacular 235 mpg when it hits the roads ( in a limited edition test release ) in 2010 .
Ca n’t wait – or really want to do something now ?
Do n’t despair – you can upgrade your current rustbucket to at least make it a little more fuel - efficient .
The lame - duck Republican team is rushing through radical measures , from coal waste dumping to power stations in national parks , that will take months to overturn , reports Paul Harris in New York
After spending eight years at the helm of one of the most ideologically driven administrations in American history , George W. Bush is ending his presidency in characteristically aggressive fashion , with a swath of controversial measures designed to reward supporters and enrage opponents .
By the time he vacates the White House , he will have issued a record number of so - called ' midnight regulations ' - so called because of the stealthy way they appear on the rule books - to undermine the administration of Barack Obama , many of which could take years to undo .
Dozens of new rules have already been introduced which critics say will diminish worker safety , pollute the environment , promote gun use and curtail abortion rights .
Many rules promote the interests of large industries , such as coal mining or energy , which have energetically supported Bush during his two terms as president .
More are expected this week .
America 's attention is focused on the fate of the beleaguered car industry , still seeking backing in Washington for a multi- billion - dollar bail - out .
But behind the scenes , the ' midnight ' rules are being rushed through with little fanfare and minimal media attention .
None of them would be likely to appeal to the incoming Obama team .
The regulations cover a vast policy area , ranging from healthcare to car safety to civil liberties .
Many are focused on the environment and seek to ease regulations that limit pollution or restrict harmful industrial practices , such as dumping strip - mining waste .
The Bush moves have outraged many watchdog groups .
' The regulations we have seen so far have been pretty bad , ' said Matt Madia , a regulatory policy analyst at OMB Watch .
' The effects of all this are going to be severe . '
Bush can pass the rules because of a loophole in US law allowing him to put last - minute regulations into the Code of Federal Regulations , rules that have the same force as law .
He can carry out many of his political aims without needing to force new laws through Congress .
Outgoing presidents often use the loophole in their last weeks in office , but Bush has done this far more than Bill Clinton or his father , George Bush sr .
He is on track to issue more ' midnight regulations ' than any other previous president .
Many of these are radical and appear to pay off big business allies of the Republican party .
One rule will make it easier for coal companies to dump debris from strip mining into valleys and streams .
The process is part of an environmentally damaging technique known as ' mountain - top removal mining ' .
It involves literally removing the top of a mountain to excavate a coal seam and pouring the debris into a valley , which is then filled up with rock .
The new rule will make that dumping easier .
Another midnight regulation will allow power companies to build coal - fired power stations nearer to national parks .
Yet another regulation will allow coal - fired stations to increase their emissions without installing new anti-pollution equipment .
The Environmental Defence Fund has called the moves a ' fire sale of epic size for coal ' .
Other environmental groups agree .
' The only motivation for some of these rules is to benefit the business interests that the Bush administration has served , ' said Ed Hopkins , a director of environmental quality at the Sierra Club .
A case in point would seem to be a rule that opens up millions of acres of land to oil shale extraction , which environmental groups say is highly pollutant .
There is a long list of other new regulations that have gone onto the books .
One lengthens the number of hours that truck drivers can drive without rest .
Another surrenders government control of rerouting the rail transport of hazardous materials around densely populated areas and gives it to the rail companies .
One more chips away at the protection of endangered species .
Gun control is also weakened by allowing loaded and concealed guns to be carried in national parks .
Abortion rights are hit by allowing healthcare workers to cite religious or moral grounds for opting out of carrying out certain medical procedures .
A common theme is shifting regulation of industry from government to the industries themselves , essentially promoting self - regulation .
One rule transfers assessment of the impact of ocean - fishing away from federal inspectors to advisory groups linked to the fishing industry .
Another allows factory farms to self - regulate disposal of pollutant run-off .
The White House denies it is sabotaging the new administration .
It says many of the moves have been openly flagged for months .
The spate of rules is going to be hard for Obama to quickly overcome .
By issuing them early in the ' lame duck ' period of office , the Bush administration has mostly dodged 30 - or 60 - day time limits that would have made undoing them relatively straightforward .
Obama 's team will have to go through a more lengthy process of reversing them , as it is forced to open them to a period of public consulting .
That means that undoing the damage could take months or even years , especially if corporations go to the courts to prevent changes .
At the same time , the Obama team will have a huge agenda on its plate as it inherits the economic crisis .
Nevertheless , anti-midnight regulation groups are lobbying Obama 's transition team to make sure Bush 's new rules are changed as soon as possible .
' They are aware of this .
The transition team has a list of things they want to undo , ' said Madia .
Final reckoning
Bush 's midnight regulations will :
• Make it easier for coal companies to dump waste from strip - mining into valleys and streams .
• Ease the building of coal - fired power stations nearer to national parks .
• Allow people to carry loaded and concealed weapons in national parks .
• Open up millions of acres to mining for oil shale .
• Allow healthcare workers to opt out of giving treatment for religious or moral reasons , thus weakening abortion rights .
• Hurt road safety by allowing truck drivers to stay at the wheel for 11 consecutive hours .
WSF / PHP enables you to write both REST and SOAP services in PHP from a single script .
I have written about how you can expose your Database as a REST and SOAP services in few of my previous posts using the Data Service capability of WSF / PHP .
But there can be situations where your service is not based on a Database .
For an example it can use results of some calculations , or a mashup calling other services .
In that case you will prefer to write the service logic yourself .
Here is how you can do it .
Lets think we have weather forecast data ( may be from another service ) and I want to make a web service using it and make it accessible via both REST and SOAP protocols .
In our demo service we give forecasts of temperature , humidity and some other parameters for a given date .
So I expect
SOAP request payload as following .
< weatherReport > < date > {date} </date > < parameter > { parameter} </ parameter > </weatherReport >
And REST
Request will be like
weatherReport/{date}/forecast/{parameter}
Note that here parameter can hold values like temperature , humidity or sunset - time .
First we declare our operation and the REST Request Mapping like this ,
When you declare your rest mapping like above , in the service operation you will have the same request XML for both SOAP and REST form like this ,
< weatherReport > < date > {date} </date > < parameter > { parameter} </ parameter > </weatherReport >
So in your service logic you just handling the request in only above format .
You can easily extract out the request parameters using SimpleXML functions and return the corresponding result .
So you service operation would be something like this ,
function weather_report ( $ in_message ) { // create the simple xml element for the request xml $ request_xml = new SimpleXMLElement ( $ in_message -> str ) ; // extract out the parameter and the date $ date = $ request_xml -> date ; $ parameter = $ request_xml -> parameter ; //
It is up to you to retrun the weather data ( $ result ) for the requested date and parameter return " < response > $result </ response > " ; }
Finally you create the WSService object with the “ operations ” and “ RESTMapping ” and call its reply method which actually response to the requests .
$ service = new WSService ( array ( " operations " => $ operations , " RESTMapping " => $ restmap ) ) ; $ service -> reply ( ) ;
You just created a web service which will handle both SOAP and REST requests .
LOS ANGELES , Nov. 30 ( UPI ) --
Searching the Internet exercises the brains of older people by activating their neural circuitry , says UCLA 's Memory & Aging Research Center .
Internet searches activate regions in the brain that control complex reasoning and decision making , the Center found in a nine - month study of 24 neurologically normal volunteers , with similar education levels , ages 55 to 76 .
Advertisement
The test subjects showed richer sensory experience and heightened attention when conducting Internet searches , as opposed to reading book - like text on computers , said Gary Small , the Center 's director , noting the brain activity was recorded in MRI results .
Not enough research yet exists to show whether Internet use can ward off dementia , The San Francisco Chronicle reported Sunday , noting Alzheimer 's cases in the United States are expected to quadruple by 2050 .
The Center 's findings are to be published next month in the Journal of Geriatric Psychiatry .
William J. Bratton stepped into a drab , cramped room at Los Angeles Police Department headquarters on a recent Tuesday morning .
The 61 - year - old chief took his seat , slipped on a pair of reading glasses and waited for his bosses -- the five civilian commissioners who oversee the LAPD -- to begin their weekly meeting .
As they do each week , the commissioners soon turned their attention to Bratton , who ticked off the department ’s latest crime numbers .
“ Homicides down 8.9 % , rapes down 14.2 % , robberies down 3.4 % , aggravated assault down 6.4 % . ”
Bratton read on at a quick monotone clip : Burglary , grand theft auto , gang crimes , shooting victims -- all down .
The whole thing took about a minute .
A commissioner thanked Bratton and the meeting moved on .
It seemed a perfunctory moment , a dry exchange of numbers the city has come to expect after six years of falling crime under Bratton .
Advertisement
But for Bratton , the most influential cop in America today , the numbers are everything .
They are the hard evidence he has spent a career trying to amass : proof that he has the blueprint for fighting crime in urban America .
The numbers have dropped long enough and far enough now that Bratton could call it quits in Los Angeles , say “ mission accomplished ” and move on .
Many city leaders have long been convinced that he is , in fact , on his way out .
Some assumed he ’d take over the Department of Homeland Security , others say he is certain to be the next director of the FBI .
Every year or so , the British tabloids nominate him anew as a sure bet to take over Scotland Yard .
The speculation is not completely unfounded .
Bratton is driven by ambition if nothing else and has already finished much of what he brazenly told the city he would do when he took over .
And he is not someone who likes to coast .
“ I never want to go and just maintain something .
I want to be able to fix something , ” he said .
Advertisement
It remains impossible to tell how much Bratton , over the years in Los Angeles , has come to think of himself as an LAPD cop .
He talks nostalgically about his days at the head of the New York Transit Police and in Boston .
He wears a large ring that is a replica of his New York Police Department badge and is still treated as a minor celebrity when he walks the streets in Manhattan .
And although he says he enjoys life in L.A. and has learned to navigate the balkanized politics of the city , he remains very much the earnest , brusque East Coaster with the thick Boston accent he was when he arrived .
His constant travel to attend conferences and give speeches is viewed as evidence that he ’s looking for something new .
And he seems to think the department does n’t need his guidance anymore .
“ If I left tomorrow , this would continue after I ’m gone , ” he said .
But , for all that , Bratton -- who has been chief of the LAPD longer than he held his three previous posts combined -- insists he ’s not going anywhere .
Los Angeles is the place where he wants to prove that he can do more than just make crime numbers go down , where he can complete what he calls “ the next phase of policing . ”
--
Advertisement
A mess in L.A .
Bratton inherited a department in turmoil in 2002 .
Crime had spiked in the three years before his arrival .
Cops and their union had feuded openly and bitterly over discipline issues with the previous chief , Bernard Parks .
And , in the wake of the of the Rampart corruption scandal , the department was struggling to get started on a sweeping set of anti-corruption reforms that had been forced on it by the U.S. Department of Justice .
The mess attracted Bratton .
“ It was another laboratory , ” he said .
“ Once again , I had an opportunity to take a major police department that was in crisis and show that police count , that cops matter .
If we could get it done here , with a much smaller police force , it would reinforce the importance not just of how many [ cops ] you have , but how you use them . ”
Advertisement
Bratton promised to deliver on three things when he was hired and has largely done so : Crime rates have fallen steadily every year since he took over , with violent crimes down nearly 50 % ; the department ’s anti-terrorism bureau has become a formidable intelligence - gathering force ; and nearly all of the major reforms required by the Justice Department have been pushed into place .
He has also forged a solid relationship with the police union and is praised by leaders of other law enforcement agencies for pulling the LAPD out of its bunker mentality and encouraging collaboration .
As important , Bratton has cultivated a close , mutually beneficial relationship with Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa .
The mayor has left Bratton largely alone to run his department and took a considerable political risk in raising voters ’ garbage collection fees to hire 1,000 new cops .
In return , Bratton has given the mayor impressive crime numbers to tout during an otherwise uneven first term .
It is telling that Villaraigosa , a self - professed progressive with a civil rights background , has made the law - and - order issue of hiring more police a priority .
To the mayor -- and to other liberal - leaning politicians -- Bratton is an appealing hybrid : a police chief who has figured out a way to deliver on crime while also working to rehabilitate the department in the public ’s eye .
Advertisement
Credit hardly goes to Bratton alone .
Much of his success in Los Angeles , as in New York and Boston , has stemmed from his ability to identify talent within the department and a willingness to delegate authority .
“ You ’ve got to give it to him .
He has a brilliant sense of his players and he puts people in positions where they are going to get his plan done , ” said Andre Birotte , a civilian watchdog for the Police Commission .
Bratton has methodically promoted all but a few of the dozens of captains who run the police stations throughout the city .
They are the people Bratton relies on heavily to sell his ideas on policing to the department ’s roughly 9,300 rank - and - file officers .
Similarly , he has rebuilt the top layers of authority at the LAPD .
When he arrived , he depended heavily on outside consultants and old confidants for guidance .
Today , his inner circle is made up of the department ’s deputy and assistant chiefs , many of whom have spent their entire careers in the department .
Bratton has placed control of day - to - day operations largely in their hands and , several insiders said , has grown far less confrontational as he has gained more confidence in them .
Advertisement
“ If his time here has been a book , the early chapters were rough , ” said Charlie Beck , the deputy chief in charge of detectives .
“ He did n’t respect the leadership of the department and thought we were taking the place in the wrong direction .
We ’re beyond that . ”
Bratton ’s most persistent detractors are social scientists who believe the chief ignores economic and other factors when he says cops are responsible for driving down crime .
“ I remain a skeptic , ” said Andrew Karmen , a sociologist at City University of New York .
“ He deserves some of the credit , but certainly not all . ”
Another academic , Bernard Harcourt at the University of Chicago , said the LAPD ’s aggressive tactics to clean up the skid row area downtown and other pockets of blight can do more harm than good .
“ The fundamental problem with Bratton is that he thinks police can solve all of society ’s ills , ” he said .
In Los Angeles , critics are harder to come by .
If there is a vein of dissatisfaction , it runs through some older , midlevel officers who continue to view him as a stranger .
Advertisement
“ I do n’t think Bratton has put a personal stamp on the LAPD , in the sense that one can say it ’s ‘ his ’ department , ” said one veteran officer , who writes for the National Review about LAPD issues under the pseudonym Jack Dunphy and is one of the chief ’s most outspoken critics .
“ Most cops see him as remote and aloof , more concerned with his political ties and his next job than he is with his cops . ”
Bratton , of course , disagrees .
What keeps him in Los Angeles , he says , has everything to do with his cops .
He needs them to buy into an idea that has slowly taken shape in his head over the course of more than three decades of police work .
--
Community policing
Advertisement
In the late 1970s Bratton was a patrol sergeant in South Boston , helping to escort black students into schools that had been forcibly desegregated as the city disintegrated into racial violence .
The period made a strong impression on Bratton , and he traces the roots of what he is trying to accomplish in Los Angeles back to those ugly days .
He has come to believe that a city ’s race relations , for better or for worse , are shaped by its cops .
So he thinks that the LAPD , more than L.A. 's politicians , community leaders or any other public figures , has the potential to heal the city ’s racial wounds , which were ripped opened during the Watts riots in 1965 , the Rodney King beating in 1991 and the subsequent riots and the Rampart scandal , which came to light in the late 1990s and roiled the department for years .
The wounds have never closed .
Bratton wants Angelenos -- especially those in minority and crime - ridden areas -- to think they are safer today not just because crime numbers are going down but also because they can trust the cops instead of fearing or being skeptical of them .
To pull it off , he must pry the department away from an ideal that it has clung to and cultivated for decades .
In the 1950s , the LAPD ’s modern - day patriarch , Chief William H. Parker , transformed it into a taut paramilitary organization that kept itself separate and isolated from the city it served .
At its best , the LAPD offered up a cop who was “ caring but insensitive , everything by the book , ” Bratton said .
At its worst , it produced what he and others call a “ robo - cop . ”
What he wants instead is what he calls “ high - road policing . ”
He tells his cops he wants them to police “ consistently , compassionately and constitutionally . ”
Advertisement
“ Joe Friday is not the role model anymore , ” Bratton said , referring to the character from the classic LAPD radio and television show “ Dragnet . ”
The idea of so - called community - based policing is not new to Los Angeles .
Chiefs before Bratton had talked about the need for police to be better integrated with the city .
But it never really took root under them , either because they were overwhelmed just trying to keep crime in check with too few cops or because they did n’t know how to go about changing the way an entrenched , behemoth department like the LAPD thinks and acts .
Last year , Bratton was reminded how far the department still has to go when scores of officers marched through MacArthur Park wildly swinging batons and firing foam bullets in an effort to clear a May Day crowd of mostly peaceful demonstrators urging immigration policy reforms .
The LAPD ’s planning for the event had been poor and no one was clearly in charge .
Scores of protesters and journalists were hurt .
In a scathing address to commanders , Bratton later called it “ the most embarrassing experience I ’ve had in 38 years of policing . ”
Since then Bratton has remade the way the department prepares for such events and has pressed ahead with efforts to build ties with community leaders .
His command staff knows he expects them to do the same .
Bratton and others meet with religious leaders , leaders from gay and lesbian communities , Asians , Latinos and African Americans .
Recruiting efforts have changed the face of the department as well , from its old image as a bastion of white men to something that more closely resembles real Los Angeles .
Advertisement
Bratton is trying to expand the notion of what the LAPD should be doing .
He holds up as an example Kenny Garner , one of his deputy chiefs , who is working with the Urban League to develop a reentry program for convicts returning to South L.A. from prison .
“ When did you ever have a deputy chief from the LAPD proposing reentry strategies ? ” he asked , beaming .
“ The only entry strategy we were focused on was breaking down doors to get in and make an arrest . ”
Progress has been made , but it remains unclear how far into the guts of the department Bratton ’s ideas have seeped .
Dramatic changes in the way recruits are taught at the Police Academy recently have begun to result in officers more in line with Bratton ’s vision .
He knows that real , lasting changes wo n’t take hold until every grunt cop working the graveyard shift from South L.A. to Van Nuys embraces his ideas .
“ I ’m not going anywhere , ” he said .
“ We ’re at the tipping point , when this department truly emerges into the 21st century and leaves behind all the excesses and the negatives of [ the past ] .
. . .
It ’s not all coming together by happenstance .
Why would I leave this now ? ”
Advertisement
--
Rubin is a Times staff writer
joel.rubin@latimes.com
--
Advertisement
( BEGIN TEXT OF INFOBOX )
William J. Bratton
LAW ENFORCEMENT CAREER
* Appointed chief of the LAPD in October 2002 and appointed to a second five - year term in 2007 .
Advertisement
* Commissioner , New York Police Department , January 1994 to April 1996 .
* Commissioner , Boston Police Department , March 1993 to December 1993 .
* Chief of Police , New York City Transit Authority , April 1990 to January 1992 .
EDUCATION
Advertisement
* Graduate , FBI National Executive Institute , 1989 .
* Bachelor ’s degree in law enforcement , Boston State College , University of Massachusetts , 1975 .
MILITARY EXPERIENCE
U.S. Army 1966 - 69
Advertisement
( Vietnam veteran )
PERSONAL
Age : 61
Married to attorney Rikki Klieman ; has one grown son .
Advertisement
Sources : LAPD , Times reporting
This site may earn affiliate commissions from the links on this page .
Terms of use
We ’ve been hearing a lot about the benefits of performing computationally intensive tasks on the graphics processor , rather than the CPU , for quite some time now .
To date , there has been very little traction in this area for the general consumer .
Sure , the high performance computing market that uses “ big iron ” supercomputers to solve enormously complex problems have begun to utilize the power of the GPU in a big way , but there ’s not a lot you can do at home outside of folding@home , interface enhancements in the latest version of Photoshop , and one or two games with GPU - accelerated physics .
One of the most compute - intensive activities undertaken by the general consumer market is video transcoding — the act of changing a video file from format to another .
It is this area that is one of the beachheads of the GP - GPU war , with ATI and Nvidia fighting to provide the best reasons to own one of their cards outside of better game performance and compatibility .
Recently , a third - party company called Elemental Technologies released a consumer video transcoding application called Badaboom that uses any CUDA - capable Nvidia GPU to accelerate the process .
Version 1.1 adds support for many formats and new output profiles .
The app costs $ 30 , with a limited trial version available .
Not to be outdone , ATI has included a free GPU - accelerated video transcoding tool in the Catalyst 8.12 drivers called the Avivo Video Converter .
This free tool is built into the driver itself , accessible through the Basic View of the Catalyst Control Center .
We ’ll compare these two GPU - accelerated transcoding tools , looking at performance , usability , and quality of the resulting video files .
As a baseline , we ’ll examine a free CPU - based transcoding application , WinFF .
This free tool is based on the ffmpeg library .
Continued …
“ There are renters all around the country who have been holding up their end of the bargain and paying their rent faithfully , but the landlord got into trouble , and so the renter is now unfairly facing eviction , ” said John Taylor , president of the National Community Reinvestment Coalition , a consumer advocacy group .
“ It ’s really good news that Fannie Mae is doing this .
Now the question is whether private sector will follow suit . ”
In recent months , skyrocketing foreclosure rates have exposed as many as 70,000 renters to evictions , even though many never missed rent payments , according to analysts who track housing data .
In many cities and states , renters can be evicted after their home goes into foreclosure , regardless of how long their lease stretches into the future .
Many financial institutions — including JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America — have policies to evict renters after foreclosure , company representatives said .
Fannie
Mae ’s initiative is expected to initially benefit as many as 4,000 renters living in foreclosed homes owned by the company .
Fannie Mae has traditionally only bought and sold mortgages .
But when a loan held by the company goes into foreclosure , Fannie Mae gains ownership of the underlying property until it is resold to new investors .
Fannie Mae owned 67,500 properties in foreclosure at the end of September , according to the company ’s most recent filings .
Most of those were owner - occupied .
Under the new policy , former owners will most likely not be eligible to rent homes they lost in foreclosure .
Last month , both Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , the other government - controlled mortgage giant , temporarily suspended foreclosures and evictions until early January .
Fannie
Mae will now offer renters in foreclosed properties month - to - month leases until the property is resold .
A company representative said program details were still being worked out .
“ While it may be sometimes tougher for us to sell a property when people are in it , we understand that lots of people are in tough situations right now , ” said Chuck Greener , a Fannie Mae spokesman .
“ If a renter wants to stay in their home , we ’ll make that happen .
And if they want to move out , in many cases we ’ll help them pay for the move . ”
A spokesman for Freddie Mac said that the company was looking at a number of options , including a program similar to Fannie Mae ’s , but that no decisions had been made .
The companies ’ regulator , James B. Lockhart of the Federal Housing Finance Agency , issued a statement on Sunday saying that he expected both companies to update their policies shortly regarding renters living in foreclosed properties .
Both Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were taken over by Mr. Lockhart ’s agency this year and now operate in a conservatorship .
Representatives of some major banks said it was unclear if Fannie Mae ’s new policy would prompt their institutions to change theirs .
“ We ’re not in the business of managing rental properties , and we ’re not in the business of being a landlord , ” said Thomas Kelly , a spokesman for JPMorgan Chase , which owns about two million loans .
“ Clearly the renter is caught in the middle in cases like this .
When a property is in foreclosure , we follow the law . ”
Some lawmakers and housing advocates say such policies are unjust .
“ If your loan is owned by Fannie Mae , you get to stay in your home .
If your loan is owned by someone else , you ’re on the street , ” said Mr. Taylor of the National Community Reinvestment Coalition .
“ These banks need to realize they ’re in the property management business now , whether they like it or not . ”
Some lawmakers have complained that evicting renters is unfair .
In November , the Los Angeles City Council voted to draft a law that would bar financial institutions from evicting renters living in foreclosed homes .
Last year , the House passed a measure that would require the new owner of a foreclosed property to inform renters at least 90 days before an eviction .
That bill failed to pass the Senate .
Law enforcement officers in some states have refused to evict residents of foreclosed properties .
But Yadilka Torres , who rents a home in New Haven , Conn. , for $ 775 a month , had no such protection .
Fannie
Mae took possession of her house in September , when it went into foreclosure .
Even though she was current on her rent , she received an eviction notice saying that she and her two young children would have to leave .
She looked for another apartment but could not find anything affordable .
Under Fannie
Mae ’s new policy , she will now be allowed to stay .
“ I was feeling so nervous , ” Ms. Torres said .
“ I ’ve tried very hard to pay the rent and to pay all my bills , and it seemed unfair this was happening .
I ’m very grateful we wo n’t have to move . ”
Posted at Delaware Libertarian by Brian Miller .
Excerpt :
As the LNC continues to lurch towards collapse , with the latest news of mass layoffs at HQ , I ’ve decided to begin tracking those things leading the national party to irrelevance , even as state and local parties gain power .
As news , rumors and rhetoric break out , I shall chronicle them in this ongoing series at Delaware Libertarian .
Organizations approaching failure have a number of characteristics .
One of the most striking is renunciation of their purpose and effort to reinvent themselves as a “ me - too ” provider of services in the marketplace .
In this , the LNC has been on a collision course with destiny for a while now .
Recently , for example , it hired Republican Party web site developer TerraEclipse to redesign the LNC web site .
Terra created a web site very similar to those of the clients it brags most about — far - right Republican conservatives like Tom McClintock and BJ Lawson .
A quick look at the web site they built for the LNC is instructive .
The tagline on the web site is “ Smaller Government , Lower Taxes , More Freedom ” — identical to right - wing Republican ( and notorious culture - warrior ) Dick Armey ’s FreedomWorks web site , which advocates “ Lower Taxes , Less Government , More Freedom . ”
Article continues at http://delawarelibertarian.blogspot.com/2008/12/libertarian-national-committee.html
My questions , for the quoted section only :
“ As the LNC continues to lurch towards collapse , with the latest news of mass layoffs at HQ ”
Did I miss this news , and if so where can I find it ?
I am aware of one employee being fired , ambiguous discussions of staff cuts , and a budget shortfall which suggests there may be more employees fired – but nothing about any mass layoffs yet .
“ Terra created a web site very similar to those of the clients it brags most about — far - right Republican conservatives like Tom McClintock and BJ Lawson . ”
Is there something about the look of the website that is far right or otherwise ideological in nature ?
Or is it that Terra Eclipse determines content , not just design ?
“ A quick look at the web site they built for the LNC is instructive .
The tagline on the web site is “ Smaller Government , Lower Taxes , More Freedom ” — identical to right - wing Republican ( and notorious culture - warrior ) Dick Armey ’s FreedomWorks web site , which advocates “ Lower Taxes , Less Government , More Freedom . ” ”
Who made the decision of what tagline to put on the website ?
Terra Eclipse , LPHQ , LNC ?
Asking these questions is not meant to presume I know the answers , which I do n’t .
If anyone does , please let us know in the comments .
Darren Aronofsky ’s new movie The Wrestler “ touches on love , money , dreams and death in a way that will pile - drive you through the mat , ” said Joshua Rothkopf in Time Out New York .
The film ( watch the trailer here , via YouTube ) stars Mickey Rourke as a washed - up , down - on - his - luck former pro-wrestler attempting to put his life back together .
It ’s an “ astounding career revision ” for Rourke , and Aronofsky , who was “ nearly a goner with his ludicrous The Fountain , rebounds ” just “ as strongly ” —
The Wrestler may be “ 2008 ’s best ” film .
But it ’s not a perfect movie , said Anthony Lane in The New Yorker .
“ The pathos of personal ruin is an established trope , and the trick ” is to “ stop it from sliding into the sentimental — Aronofsky does n’t always succeed in this . ”
But The Wrestler , “ like its hero , manages to yank itself back into shape ” — and that “ is mostly due to Rourke . ”
The Wrestler “ induces a state of masochistic ecstasy , ” said David Edelstein in New York , “ the oneness with the universe that comes from being pummeled and cut and watching one ’s blood fly onto the canvas . ”
And despite how “ choreographed , the pounding is ferocious , and we see the world through ” the lead character ’s “ swimming perceptions . ”
It ’s just too bad that the movie as a whole “ is n’t as world - shattering as those bouts . ”
But “ certain movies about losers have a special , desperately moving appeal , ” said Owen Gleiberman in Entertainment Weekly , and The Wrestler “ could touch a chord in audiences the way On the Waterfront and Rocky did — it has that kind of lyrical humanity . ”
It ’s “ rare ” to find a movie that functions as a “ fairy tale ” and a “ bravura work of art . ”
Restoring the Xfce panels
One question that people looking for help with Xubuntu often have is some form of “ my panels / taskbar / menu disappeared ” .
Unfortunately , this is something that happens quite frequently .
The good news is that this is fixed easily .
All that ’s required is to press
Alt + F2 to bring forward the Run program window , and run the command xfce4 - panel .
Not only is this a quick fix for the problem , it also makes for a quick blog post that might still help quite a few people 😉
Update : Xubuntu 9.04 will include Xfce 4.6 which should be able to automatically restore the panel in the event of a crash .
Hooray 🙂
Update to that : According to willerlite , the panels do not automatically re-appear .
Hmm :S
There comes a time in every WordPress release when it ’s ready for the world , to come out of its cocoon and feel the light of the world on its wings for the first time .
It ’s not quite that time yet , but we ’re as close as we ’ve ever been , hence the immediate availability of 2.7 Release Candidate 2 , or RC2 for short .
Of course if you were already testing 2.7 , you can just use the built - in core updater ( Tools > Upgrade ) to download and install RC2 for you ( and later upgrade you to the final release when it ’s available ) but if not you can use the download link above .
We feel this release is pretty much exactly what we ’re going to ship as 2.7 , barring any final bugs or polish tweaks that you report or we find .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Email
How to Achieve Anything
Photo : Kevin Russ .
Check out his stock portfolio .
Is there a goal you want to accomplish , but just cannot find the time to start it ?
It might be something trivial like , to reduce the amount of TV watching , or time spent browsing the Internet .
It might be , to become an early riser , or to quit drinking alcohol , or to start a home business .
Whatever it is , what is keeping you where you are instead of reaching your desired destination ?
I have several such targets in my life that I often think about , but rarely take action on .
Each time I ’m reminded of one of them , I would guiltily say , “ I really should do [ blah ] ” , and then forget about it until the next time guilt creeps back into my head .
One such target I have is to exercise .
I ’ve been talking about wanting to get in shape for about two years now .
I even setup an arbitrary goal of doing a triathlon to get me excited .
I did start to go running shortly after setting the goal , which lasted for about a week , before I became distracted with another target .
I like to think of myself as a pretty disciplined and motivated person – I mean , I write about this stuff !
But , something about this particular target has been very psychologically challenging for me to take consistent action on .
And I want to understand it .
Overcoming the mental blocks and actually taking action towards this outcome has been my focus over the past few weeks .
I am proud to announce that I have been doing 5 - mile walk - runs , every other day , successfully for fourteen days now .
I ’m confident that since I have kept it up for two weeks , then surely , I can keep it up for a month .
And if I can consistently do it for a month , I will have habituated the activity into my daily rhythm and be able to keep it up indefinitely .
The point of this article is n’t about running , but rather , extracting lessons from achieving a goal , and applying them to other areas of our lives .
Analysis of ‘ Why It Did n’t Work ’
Looking back over past failed attempts at this target , I realized that I did n’t have enough reasons to keep myself motivated , thus I was n’t fully committed to making the change .
Here are some observations :
1. Excuse : “ I do n’t have enough time ”
I used to assume that it I was working too much and simply did not have the time .
Well , I ’ve come to learn that “ I do n’t have the time ” is the biggest lie we can tell ourselves to justify for the lack of action towards activities that can ( sometimes ) significantly improve the quality of our lives .
If we added all the time we spend on unimportant and not urgent things – like web browsing or TV watching – we would have the time , easily .
We do have the time !
I used to tell myself , “ When I leave my day job , I will have much more time to pursue the things on my lists , which I do n’t have time for now . ”
Things like exercising .
You ’d think , now that I ’m in a position to create my own schedule ( or lack thereof ) , surely , I should have enough free time to exercise .
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I still do n’t have enough time .
It ’s become obvious that without a measurable target and a reasonable plan , life has a way of magically inserting random ( often unimportant ) activities to fill up our day .
The same items on my list while I had a day job are still on the list .
We do n’t have time for things , until we create time for these things .
If something is important enough to us , we will find the time , regardless of how busy we are .
End of story .
It ’s a matter of finding the compelling reasons why something is important to us – enough of a nudge to drive us to lasting change .
2. Focus on Pain
The more I focused on the uncomfortable factors associated with exercise , the less motivated I became , and the more excuses I made to skip workouts – before I stopped completely .
Here are my favorite excuses to justify not exercising :
It ’s hard !
I ca n’t breathe .
My leg hurts
It ’s cold outside
It ’s raining ( I do live in Seattle , after all )
It ’s late , if I go jogging , I wo n’t have enough time to do X .
3. Lacked Motives to Action
Although I kept telling myself that I should go jogging , I was n’t fully clear on why I wanted it .
I was n’t overweight , and did n’t have an explicit incentive to get active .
I did n’t have the motives to justify the necessary action for a vaguely defined goal .
Did you know that we will do more to avoid pain than we will to gain pleasure ?
In this case , the affects of not doing it , was not painful enough to drive me to get it done .
In my mind , the pain of doing was greater than the pain of not doing .
4. Language , Focus & Priority
The goal was a should and not a must .
“ I should go jogging ” , I would say , when it ’s better to say , “ I must go jogging , in order to gain the energy I need ” .
When something is a should , it is wishful thinking , and we do n’t get it done .
When something is a must , it becomes a priority that deserves our attention .
Because the target was a should , I never gave it the focused attention necessary for it to become a reality .
The Art of Change : From Desire to Result
The actual change happened very quickly – the moment I decided to change .
Instead of thinking about it , and silently beating myself up for not doing it , I just did it .
It was beautiful !
Photo : Kevin Russ .
Sometimes , the best motivators are the ones we find when we hit a personal low point .
My low point came a few weeks ago , when I realized that I had n’t been outside for seven days straight ( Eeeek ! ) .
I felt groggy , my body was aching , my energy level was low and I felt a slip in my grip on clarity .
When my clarity is threatened , I start to take notice .
I now had a strong motive .
I got up instantly and went for a run – a long one .
The System of OPA
OPA is a trick I picked up from Tony Robbins , which when applied , will assist us in achieving the results we desire .
It stands for :
Outcome ( O ) – Having a clear vision .
– Having a clear vision .
Purpose ( P ) – Focus on results and purpose .
– Focus on results and purpose .
Action ( A ) – Create a massive action plan for meaningful results .
Let ’s expand on these and apply them to the jogging example .
O , Outcome
Most of us have vague ideas on what we want .
We know roughly the direction we want to go , but because we are n’t clear on the vision of our destination , we get pushed into whichever direction the wind is blowing .
Without a vision , we will obsess over “ the how ” , and will often overanalyze and fail to take action , or take ineffective action .
In the jogging example , “ wanting to go jogging ” is not the ultimate vision .
The ultimate outcome I am seeking is actually mental clarity and physical energy .
One activity that contributes to this outcome is regular exercise .
Additionally , because I am focused on the desired outcome and not on the how , I have realized that there are other things I can do which will contribute towards this outcome , such as deep breathing , swimming , and yoga .
What is the ultimate vision for what you want ?
Be specific in describing the outcome you desire .
P , Purpose
Knowing what we want is n’t enough to give us the push towards massive action .
We must know why we want it .
Why is it important that we achieve our desired result ?
When we achieve this outcome , what will it bring us ?
Without strong enough reasons , we simply will not be moved into action .
In the jogging example , my reasons for wanting mental clarity and physical energy are :
To feel physical wellbeing .
To live fully and consciously .
To have the clarity to write articles that serve others .
To empower and inspire readers towards a fuller life with more joy and passion .
When I have energy , I can get more out of my day .
I can do more activities which will benefit my personal wellbeing , and in turn make more contributions to others .
Why must you achieve the target outcome ?
What are the reasons most important to you ?
What does achieving the outcome mean for you ?
A , Action
Armed with your clear vision of the outcome and with the burning reasons why it is important to you , come up with an action plan for achieving the results you seek .
Once you have your action plan , take one small action immediately .
Then commit yourself towards taking some action regularly ( everyday if possible ) towards your target .
Regardless of how small the action may seem , it will move you one step closer to your outcome , and – importantly – help build the momentum you will need to reach your destination .
In addition to knowing what you want , why you want it , and having a battle plan , the following are tips to overcome potential pitfalls on the road to lasting change .
Quantify & Measure – What gets measured gets managed .
It ’s important to be able to quantify results , so that we can evaluate our improvements and effectiveness .
For my jogging example , I got the Nike sport kit for ipod nano – which allowed me to measure distance ran , duration and calories burnt .
Once I had the numbers after each workout , I just wanted to beat them !
As if playing a video game and trying to beat the top score .
– What gets measured gets managed .
It ’s important to be able to quantify results , so that we can evaluate our improvements and effectiveness .
For my jogging example , I got the Nike sport kit for ipod nano – which allowed me to measure distance ran , duration and calories burnt .
Once I had the numbers after each workout , I just wanted to beat them !
As if playing a video game and trying to beat the top score .
Know Your Excuses – List out all the excuses you ’re known to use in order to avoid action for a particular result .
Now come up with an antidote for each excuse .
Even without an antidote , at least , now you ’re aware of which excuses might come up , and you ’re ready to ignore them .
For myself , “ I am committed to going jogging every other day , regardless of weather , or how late in the day . ”
– List out all the excuses you ’re known to use in order to avoid action for a particular result .
Now come up with an antidote for each excuse .
Even without an antidote , at least , now you ’re aware of which excuses might come up , and you ’re ready to ignore them .
For myself , “ I am committed to going jogging every other day , regardless of weather , or how late in the day . ”
Focus on One Target at a Time – When we try to focus on many results at the same time , rarely will we succeed .
When we focus on one thing at a time , we can devote our undivided attention and energy on realizing the single result , thus giving it a higher chance of actualization .
Move on to other targets only after we ’ve successfully reached or habituated the current target .
I ’ve found it helpful to write the targeted outcome on a piece of paper , and posting it on a wall where I can see it regularly .
– When we try to focus on many results at the same time , rarely will we succeed .
When we focus on one thing at a time , we can devote our undivided attention and energy on realizing the single result , thus giving it a higher chance of actualization .
Move on to other targets only after we ’ve successfully reached or habituated the current target .
I ’ve found it helpful to write the targeted outcome on a piece of paper , and posting it on a wall where I can see it regularly .
Change Your Language – Turn ‘ should ’ into ‘ must ’ .
The language we use carries with it energy .
Notice that if you must do something , suddenly you feel a sense of urgency and priority ?
What is that thing that you ’ve wanted to complete , and if you got it done will improve the quality of your experience ?
Now say , “ I must do < insert activity > , because it will give me < insert reason > . ”
See how much more energy this sentence has , versus “ I really should do < insert activity > . ”
– Turn ‘ should ’ into ‘ must ’ .
The language we use carries with it energy .
Notice that if you do something , suddenly you feel a sense of urgency and priority ?
What is that thing that you ’ve wanted to complete , and if you got it done will improve the quality of your experience ?
Now say , “ I must do < insert activity > , because it will give me < insert reason > . ”
See how much more energy this sentence has , versus “ I really should do < insert activity > . ”
Consistency –
When cultivating a new habit , consistency is more important than quantity .
Have you noticed that when we skip a routine activity even once , it ’ll be harder to get back into it ?
And the more we skip , the easier it is to skip it again the next time .
Before we know it , we no longer have the habit which we ’ve worked hard to create .
– When cultivating a new habit , consistency is more important than quantity .
Have you noticed that when we skip a routine activity even once , it ’ll be harder to get back into it ?
And the more we skip , the easier it is to skip it again the next time .
Before we know it , we no longer have the habit which we ’ve worked hard to create .
Fun Ingredient – Find ways to make the experience fun and enjoyable .
For example , I will listen to motivational audio books or personal growth seminars when I run , and it really enhances both experiences .
This added enrichment to the running experience , makes me look forward to the activity .
– Find ways to make the experience fun and enjoyable .
For example , I will listen to motivational audio books or personal growth seminars when I run , and it really enhances both experiences .
This added enrichment to the running experience , makes me look forward to the activity .
The 30 Day Challenge –
If you can repeatedly do an activity for 30 days , it will become a habit , and will integrate automatically into your routine .
Take it one step at a time , first commit yourself to following something for 7 days , then extend it to 14 days , then 21 days and 30 days .
If you can do it for 30 days , you can likely continue it indefinitely ( if you want to ) .
– If you can repeatedly do an activity for 30 days , it will become a habit , and will integrate automatically into your routine .
Take it one step at a time , first commit yourself to following something for 7 days , then extend it to 14 days , then 21 days and 30 days .
If you can do it for 30 days , you can likely continue it indefinitely ( if you want to ) .
Change Your Questions –
If you ’re not getting the kind of results you ’re looking for , perhaps it ’s the questions you are asking yourself .
Ask questions which lead to possibilities instead of limitations .
Here are some examples of the limiting questions vs. more resourceful alternatives :
Why ca n’t I do this ?
Vs .
How can I make this work ?
Why ca n’t I make more money ?
Vs .
How can I add even more value ?
Why is this happening ?
Vs .
What can I do to help change this ?
How can they do this to me ?
Vs .
How can I use this ?
What is wrong in my life ?
Vs .
What am I grateful for ?
– If you ’re not getting the kind of results you ’re looking for , perhaps it ’s the questions you are asking yourself .
Ask questions which lead to possibilities instead of limitations .
Here are some examples of the limiting questions vs. more resourceful alternatives :
Parting Words
We are the ultimate author of our life story .
Within each of us , we hold the power to change anything in our lives , and in doing so , experience more joy and fulfillment .
Lasting change starts with a change in the way we think – a clear vision for our desired results , meaningful reasons why we must have them , and building momentum towards massive action to make our visions a reality .
With meaning , understanding , awareness , and conscientious planning ; we can turn massive responsibilities into actual possibilities , we can incorporate healthy habits , we can realize dreams , and we can live more deliberately and intentionally shape our own destiny .
Thank you for listening to my jogging story and allowing me to share my own life victories , regardless of how trivial they may seem .
Through observing this experience , the jogging example accentuated some simple fundamental principles of achievement that can be applicable to other outcomes in our lives .
I wish you success !
* What are some outcomes you would like to see in your life ?
Share your thoughts and stories with us in the comment section .
See you there !
We fast forward , 42 years into the future , a bleak vision for some of us when remembering the first “ super - computer ” as people shrieked and fled in terror , almost convinced that the “ super - computer ” will dominate human life .
But let ’s face it , it was the size of a small house and answered algebraic equation ’s in minutes , just like the calculator can in seconds .
However , we have pondered and paced the garden thinking of what possible catastrophes can be applauded in 42 years ?
This is what we came up with :
The Flying Car
Since Moller released its “ SkyCar M400X , ” in 2003 , it has failed to succeed .
But this has only opened the door to new technology !
Currently , there exists various patented , “ Flying Cars ” , but , again have failed to “ take off ” ( No pun intended ) .
But on a serious note – we have unearthed and have estimated that by 2050 no current car will be drivable !
Now this might be because of the “ Carbon Emissions , ” law , which might rule out every gas powered vehicle .
So move over gas , and welcome “ Electric ” power .
Okay its hardly new , but we have listed an electric car that will give the Dodge Spider a run for its money !
Stop drooling …
It ’s called the Mazda Kaan , ( yes it ’s a Mazda ) and it is “ electric , ” but do you want to know the best bit ?
It can drive up to mega top speeds of 250 mph and it is soon appearing in the E1 – the Formula One of electric cars .
In case you were wondering what those orange rims are …yep … you ’ve guessed it – they ’re wheels !
So innovation in the making , it wo n’t be long until this thing will be able to fly .
Holograms
“ Introducing , the new ( 2050 ) iPhone , with integrated , hologram , voice call . ”
Can you imagine this by 2050 , or perhaps sooner ?
For many of us who watched the “ Obama / McCain , ” US election on CNN , we might of noticed a hologram of a female reporter .
However , this used a few cameras on a 360 degree axis , and one very large “ green screen , ” to create the illusion .
Nevertheless , it has created some media in the process , and now questions remain … when will we see , and use holograms ?
George Lucas might be smug as he created the same techniques on Star Wars !
Teleportation
Ever heard of Quantum Teleportation ?
Now this is in progress at present and consists of transporting one entity to another geographical location .
This may seem impossible but scientific research has found this is quite conceivable indeed .
Okay , all you need to get started is a “ Transporter ! ”
This could be anything , from a mobile handset to a complete array of electronic plates and a lot of Duracell batteries .
However , silly as it might sound it has surpassed notion and is soon to be in development .
So let ’s all hope in 2050 teleportation could be made public !
On the failier of the big “ Red Phone Box . ”
Blue phone boxes might take their place , in the form of a Dardis .
Eco-Villages
Houses are already failing to meet the needs to be energy efficient so all homes will be totally green by 2050 .
A normal house in the city , suburb or country , will predominately look the same .
It ’ll have solar panel roofing , wind turbines in the yard , a “ flying car ” landing pad and a garage for your teleport .
However , you will have a house robot that will assist you on your daily errands – helping to take out the garbage , prepare the food , beam up the teleport – practically anything .
All you have to do is sit back in your eco home without worrying about the sky high electric bills because you have already invested into solar power .
Toilets
Now that were living in the year 2050 why ca n’t we have a futuristic toilet … well one for it would be insanely boring !
There is no point going into the complexities of the matter when when it comes to using the toilet it is more of a functional experience .
Well move over practical as the future is set to put some fun into using the good old lav .
Hold !
Aim !
Fire !
yes , that ’s right , its the game that you can pee all over .
Play games as you pee , with such classics as “ bullseye . ”
Bare in mind , these games consist of skill , accuracy , and “ PE - resistance . ”
If your stuck on a level be sure not to cheat and peak in another guys urinal it might reap bad consequences … do you think it will catch on in the future ?
Who knows ?!
I mean , they made Take That popular again so anything is possible !
Robots
Robots might already be here and especially if you have read my review on Gaj - it “ Robots taking over the world . ”
But today a robot ’s limits are only to its creator and whatever its master wants .
So far , we have acting robots – I know , it wo n’t make much of a film – we also have robots which can mimic facial expressions .
But when , where , and why , will we get to see and use , a robot that can go to the fridge , pull out a Bud so you can sit back and amuse yourself on the latest release of the PlayStation 27 .
However , Robots are picking up pace , and seem to grow immensely superior .
So expect Robots to be already here by 2050 , and themselves , picking their artificial brains , trying to uncover new technology , before 2050 ?
007 ?
Now James
Bond has gave such a large contribution , that it deserves a category on its own .
But where to start as the list of gadgets and gizmo ’s is so vast .
When we say that the pen is mightier than the sword , we really mean it !
A watch with a laser on it ?
not Practical , but I ’m sure you ’ll find it in everyday use .
Rings that can shatter bullet proof glass at a twist .
A jet pack , for the business man , to get to work on time .
Even X - ray glasses for the shop keeper to keep an eye on those youths exiting his shop .
Can we see James Bonds ’ array of gadgets in 2050 , I think yes !
Computers
Comp … What ?
That ’s right , by 2050 , computers will no longer be called “ computers ” , it will have a new name , which would have already served its purpose .
We predict that by 2050 , computers will evolved enough that they will be monitoring themselves to find a new product , and we will be sitting back , relaxing and waiting until it does .
However , Windows will no longer be call “ Windows , ” instead it will be called , “ force field ” because let ’s face it , we have all this new technology , that we do n’t need glass , Upvc windows any more .
We can just deactivate a force field , whenever we want to let a little air in .
We predict that , keyboards will be a thing of the past , and we would use “ touch screen , ” and with many of us with larger roles in IT , will be using Minority Report style gloves to control programmes .
Fountain of Youth
The secret to eternal youth is out folks .
Apparently according to boffins , they have found “ growth ” cells , which all help us age .
What they have done is not remove , but reduced its length in order to help us grow old slowly .
Now with that being said , I am currently writing a list called “ Technology and Gadgets in 2150 , ” it might just be possible , that we ’re all round then .
Stay tuned into Gaj - it and keep up to date
News4Jax
December 18 , 2008
CLAY COUNTY , Fla . —
A Clay County father said he wants answers after his daughter and two other kids at her elementary school were accused of selling drugs and facing possible punishment all over some Vitamin C drops .
Nine - year - old Khalin Rivenbark ’s father said hs was accused of selling drugs after giving out cough drops to fellow students at school .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
The 9 - year - old girl told Channel 4 that she thinks of things like cigarettes as drugs , and she was confused when her teacher told her Halls are also considered a drug .
Fourth - grade student Khalin Rivenbark said her teacher accused of her selling drugs in school .
“ She saw me with the cough drops out and I guess she saw me give it to one of my friends , and then like , ‘ Oh , I see this good business going on around you , ' ” Khalin said .
“ She said , ‘ You ’re selling drugs . ’ ( I said ) ‘ No I ’m not . ' ”
The drugs the girl allegedly had were the Halls Defense Vitamin C cough drops , which her father had put in her backpack weeks ago to take to school when the child was getting over a cold .
“ It ’s absolutely crazy , ” said Khalin ’s father .
Khalin said two of her friends at school asked her for cough drops and she gave them out , but the friends , she said , insisted on giving her a dollar in exchange for the drops .
“ She felt guilty taking the cough drop or whatever , so she gave me a dollar .
I did n’t want to accept it , but she had me take it , ” Khalin said .
Read article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
There was a lot to cheer about in the cleantech sector in 2008 : record investment levels , a U.S. president - elect that supports clean power , and the extension of tax credits for renewables .
But there were a lot of missed opportunities this year , too , as markets crashed , fundings were delayed and technologies hit hurdles .
Below , the biggest cleantech disappointments of 2008 ( next up , The 10 Biggest Cleantech Wins in 2008 ) :
1 ) Tesla Hits A Wall :
The embodiment of the future of electric vehicles discovered how expensive it is to make them .
In 2008 the startup started to run low on cash — reportedly at one point as little as $ 9 million — and was forced to do layoffs and delay the production of its second - generation vehicle , the Model S. Now the company is relying on a loan guarantee from the Department of Energy , which could be risky .
2 ) EEStor Delays Some More :
We were waiting for mid-2008 , then late 2008 to see more details — a prototype perhaps — or even initial production of secretive energy storage EEStor ’s technology .
But alas , the startup and its partner say the big unveiling wo n’t come till 2009 .
We ’ll see .
3 ) T. Boone Derailed : Oil baron turned wind power advocate T. Boone Pickens used his $ 58 million PR campaign this year to create a lot of hope and support for clean power .
Then the economy tanked .
Pickens told us that the debt markets in particular took the wind out of his sails .
4 ) Wave Power Plan Gets Washed Away : Canadian company Finavera Renewables saw its plans to install a 2MW wave power project in California waters wash out to sea when the California Public Utilities Commission ( CPUC ) denied its application .
Finavera had been planning to work with California utility PG&E on what would have been the first commercial wave energy contract in the U.S.
The CPUC said the wave power plan was neither viable or economical .
5 ) The Clean Coal Lobby Gets Dirty : A report from the think tank the Center for American Progress finds coal companies have only spent $ 3.5 billion over the past several years investing in R&D for carbon capture and sequestration , the most promising technology for reducing emissions from coal power — just 1/17th of the coal industry ’s profits in 2007 alone , according to the group .
Meanwhile the industry ’s been increasingly claiming coal is cleaning up its act — and upping lobbying efforts in support of regulations to protect it .
According to Open Secret , the amount of money spent by the coal mining lobby jumped to $ 12.67 million in 2008 , while the American Coalition for Clean Coal Electricity , which is made up of coal and power companies , spent $ 8.49 million .
6 ) Corn Ethanol Industry Still Asking for Aid : Corn - based ethanol companies had a rough year : Corn prices spiked , the industry faced political and public backlash , and margins on ethanol narrowed , forcing companies like VeraSun ( s VSE ) to file for bankrupcy .
Most recently , the corn ethanol lobby asked for $ 1 billion in short - term credit from the government and as much as $ 50 billion in loan guarantees .
The lobby claims it ’s not a bailout , but the industry is n’t sustainable — enough already .
7 ) GM Still Featuring Bob Lutz : The U.S. automaker with one of the most promising electric cars in the pipeline is still employing an exec that publicly disputes the carbon theory of global warming .
GM has managed to convince the government it needs a bailout , which requires it to prove it can be financially viable and meet current emissions laws — perhaps it should take the inspection opportunity to do some housecleaning in the C - level suite ?
8 ) UK Wind Plans Blowing Away :
The UK looks to be facing an uphill climb when it comes to meeting its wind power targets .
The government has a plan to supply a third of its electricity from wind by 2020 , but both Royal Dutch Shell and BP have pulled their offshore wind projects investments in the region as reports suggest the goal is far too aggressive .
Meanwhile the British Wind Energy Association , an industry trade group , has cut the CO2 reduction calculations for the UK wind plan in half after talks with the UK ’s Advertising Standards Authority , which enforces rules on claims in advertisements .
9 ) It ’s Gonna Be A Lot Harder Than We Thought : Beyond problems with wind power , scientists and politicians have realized that meeting existing carbon reduction goals wo n’t be enough .
The research , from the University of Colorado at Boulder and McGill University in Montreal , says plainly : “ Stabilization is a more daunting challenge than many realize and requires a radical ‘ decarbonization ’ of energy systems . ”
The conclusion : More regulations boosting research and development for clean technology is needed .
10 ) The Current Administration :
The need for more cleantech R&D brings us to the last point — the current U.S. government has consistently ignored the urgency of climate change and failed to invest appropriately to deliver cleantech innovations .
The incoming administration ’s commitment to a modestly aggressive plan — $ 150 billion over 10 years in clean power — is making that strikingly clear .
Should companies keep lobbying when taxpayers are footing the bill ?
Citigroup seems to think so .
Its " government relations " operations are still going strong despite a very sweet deal from the government .
In November , Citi won a guarantee on a pool of troubled assets valued at about $ 300 billion , plus another $ 20 billion from the TARP on top of an original investment of $ 25 billion .
Washington - based watchdog Taxpayers for Common Sense recently posted expenditure reports from lobbyists contracted by Citigroup from July to late September , before the bank received its big payout .
Lobbyists spent nearly $ 2 million on behalf of Citigroup in that quarter .
This is on top of the $ 6 million that Citigroup spent in the first half of the year , according to the non-profit Center for Responsive Politics .
And Citigroup spokesperson Shannon
Bell told us today the company has n't stopped .
" We have a government relations office , " said Bell , who would n't comment further .
The question of whether businesses should be using taxpayers ' money to influence government has come up before .
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were ordered to stop their prodigious lobbying operations after being taken over by the federal government in September .
AIG was initially undeterred by the fact that the government took 80 percent ownership stakes in the company , but halted its lobbying after angry senators all but demanded it .
Citigroup is not majority - owned by the government the way those companies are .
But the scale of its bailout package still puts it in a different category from the many other banks that have received bailout funds , argued Stephen Ellis , vice president of Taxpayers for Common Sense .
" We are significant investors in Citigroup and are also holding a significant amount of risk if some of these assets fail , " Ellis said .
" The same guys who 've got their hand out are also badgering and lobbying members of Congress to get other perks and sweetheart deals for themselves ... Are we paying them to lobby ourselves ? "
So what are they lobbying for ?
Unfortunately , little detail about the goals of Citigroup is provided in public expenditure reports .
We 'll know more about the company 's total lobbying expenditures for the year when it posts its fourth quarter reports in late January .
LONDON , Dec. 1 ( UPI ) --
Thirsty consumers seeking to wet their whistles can pay less for booze than bottled water at leading British supermarkets , research indicates .
The British government announced plans last week to tackle a binge drinking epidemic in the country by banning bars and shops from having " irresponsible " price promotions .
But the anti-substance abuse charity Addaction says its research shows that discounted store - brand alcohol can be had for as little as 35 cents per can , The Times of London reported Monday .
Advertisement
The newspaper said Addaction analyzed a shopping basket of popular alcoholic drinks from supermarkets including Tesco , Sainsbury 's and ASDA , finding that although the array of cheap alcohol has shrunk over the past year , grocers are still offering their own brands of " value booze . "
For instance , Addaction found hard cider sold by the three supermarkets cost 90 cents per liter , less than a bottle of Coca - Cola , The Times reported .
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - Arthur Spiegelman , one of Reuters ’ finest writers and longest - serving correspondents , died at home in Los Angeles on Saturday .
He was 68 .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
In his 42 years with Reuters , Spiegelman deployed his sparkling prose on presidential elections , the diplomatic turning points of the Cold War and showbiz murder trials .
A man with a ready wit , he said he was rendered speechless only once , when he interviewed Italian actress Sophia Loren and her beauty left him without words .
Of all his beats and exclusives , he remembered most fondly breaking the news that the Soviet Union was going to relax its restrictions on Jewish emigration in the 1980s .
“ Art ’s writing was beloved of readers and editors alike , using a light touch to explore subjects from pop culture to politics and an ability to find a laugh or wry angle anywhere .
He was a friend and mentor to legions of journalists , ” said Reuters Editor - In - Chief David Schlesinger .
Spiegelman ’s graceful prose and unfailing sense of humor made him one of the most admired correspondents at Reuters .
He retired last month on grounds of ill health .
He was born and raised in the Bronx , New York .
After a stint at The Record in Hackensack , New Jersey , Arthur joined Reuters in 1966 and was posted to London where he edited stories for American clients .
He then worked as a reporter , covering the Northern Ireland conflict among many other events .
He transferred to New York in 1972 , working as chief editor and national correspondent before moving in 1985 to Manila to cover the upheavals of the Ferdinand Marcos government .
After a further stint in New York as a national correspondent he moved to Los Angeles in 1997 where he specialized in the entertainment industry .
In 2006 , he was named one of Reuters ’ journalists of the year .
Generous with his time and hospitality , Spiegelman mentored hundreds of young journalists .
His office door was always open and his home a regular venue for meals and parties .
He was renowned for his crisp and witty lead paragraphs , an incredibly messy desk , and his infectious giggle .
Spiegelman covered U.S. presidential campaigns from 1976 to 1996 , and was frustrated that his struggle with cancer kept from him covering this year ’s election .
He covered the murder of John Lennon in 1980 , the Reagan - Gorbachev summit in Moscow in 1988 , the Gulf War of 1990 - 91 , and the O.J. Simpson murder trial in 1995 .
Spiegelman said the highlights of his late career focus on entertainment included interviews with Kirk Douglas , comic Don Rickles , and Sophia Loren .
Outside of work , Arthur was a jazz buff , loved books and New York bagels , and enjoyed his summers at the family ’s cabin in the Berkshires in western Massachusetts .
In Kansas City , Herm Edwards ’s wait for a resolution must feel interminable .
Carl Peterson is already gone and the search is on for a new general manager , who will almost certainly want input on who should be the coach .
But with no hire on the horizon , Edwards is in the agonizing position of beginning off - season preparations with no assurance he will be part of the team much longer .
The St. Louis Rams have started their coaching search and Jim Haslett is among the candidates , reportedly even getting a letter of support from his players .
But the team ’s somnolent finish after winning two games when Haslett first took over from Scott Linehan cannot help , and so Haslett will join the rest of the state of Missouri in the waiting game .
Tom Cable might have gotten the Raiders to beat just enough teams , and just enough of the ones Al Davis hates ( Denver and Tampa Bay , with Jon Gruden ) to hold on to the job .
Hanging over all this carnage are the golden boys of the hiring season : Cowher and New England ’s vice president for player personnel , Scott Pioli .
Everybody wants them .
Nobody knows if they will leave their current jobs , but one thing is certain : they will get a vote of confidence , no matter where they land .
Playing to the End
Last year the Giants charmed the N.F.L. by playing all - out in their meaningless regular - season finale against the Patriots .
The Giants , with their starters playing the whole game , gave the Patriots a scare on the way to a perfect regular season , and they gave themselves a shot in the arm that energized them throughout their playoff run .
It was a monument to pure competition and a lesson in how to build momentum .
But on Sunday the N.F.L. saw the frightening flip side of that decision .
The Steelers played their starters in the meaningless finale against the Browns .
And near the end of the first half quarterback Ben Roethlisberger was slammed to the ground .
He spent at least 10 minutes there , before being removed on a back board with a concussion .
The Steelers have a bye in the first round and Coach Mike Tomlin did not want his starters to get rusty , so he played all but two of them ( both were injured ) .
But Roethlisberger has been banged up much of the season , and now the Steelers will spend the bye week sweating out the concussion .
Fans have seen what happens when teams rest their starters too long before the playoffs , only to be unable to regain their rhythm when the action starts again .
It happened to the Colts in years past ( on Sunday Peyton Manning played one series in a meaningless game against the Titans ) but now fans are seeing what drives such caution .
Still , with the initial prognosis that Roethlisberger will be available for the playoffs , Tomlin was satisfied with the dominating victory over the Browns .
“ It was a productive effort , ” he said .
The tutorial will introduce the basics of fuzzy logic for data analysis .
Fuzzy Logic can be used to model and deal with imprecise information , such as inexact measurements or available expert knowledge in the form of verbal descriptions .
We will first introduce the concepts of fuzzy sets , degrees of membership and fuzzy set operators .
After discussions on fuzzy numbers and arithmetic operations using them , the focus will shift to fuzzy rules and how such systems of rules can be derived from available data .
President - elect Barack Obama will probably confront a biological or nuclear attack at home or abroad if the U.S. and its allies do not act decisively to prevent it , according to a report released this week by a panel created by Congress .
The report found that the U.S. had taken important steps to counteract nuclear proliferation and , to a lesser extent , biological terrorism , but had “ not kept pace with growing risks . ”
The nine - member , bipartisan commission presented its conclusions Wednesday to Vice President - elect Joe Biden and Arizona Gov. Janet Napolitano , Obama ’s nominee for Homeland Security secretary .
“ We have been losing ground , and we are less secure today than we have been in the recent past , ” said former Sen. Bob Graham ( D - Fla. ) , the commission chairman .
Advertisement
The report concluded that biological agents posed the most imminent threat to the U.S. among weapons of mass destruction .
The spread of biotechnology , and the corresponding rise of poorly secured and regulated pathogens around the world , has put the nation in an increasingly precarious situation , Graham said .
The Commission on the Prevention of Weapons of Mass Destruction Proliferation and Terrorism said American security was threatened by nuclear weapons programs in Iran and North Korea , as well as in Pakistan , given its history of political instability and arsenal of several dozen nuclear warheads .
“ What we ’re saying in this report is : Look , this is urgent and important , and it has to constantly be at the top of the menu , ” said former Sen. Jim Talent ( R - Mo. ) , the commission ’s vice chairman .
The report , which was ordered by Congress last year to serve as a road map for the next administration , made several recommendations about reorganizing agencies to help slow the spread of nuclear weapons .
Advertisement
It also encouraged Obama to devote a White House official to coordinate intelligence and foreign policy to combat the spread of nuclear and biological weapons .
“ There should be someone in the White House who wakes up every day , looks in the mirror and says , ‘ What do we need to do today to reduce the possibility of a weapon of mass destruction going off someplace in the world , specifically someplace in the United States ? ’ ” Graham said .
Graham said the person could play an important role in highlighting nonproliferation issues when the administration considered agreements such as the recent deal permitting U.S. sales of nuclear fuel and technology to India .
“ There has n’t been someone who can stand up to the secretary of State or a secretary of Commerce or other Cabinet officials when the final decision is made , ” Graham said .
Advertisement
Obama has said that , as president , he would dramatically accelerate work to lock down nuclear material around the world .
A paper issued by his campaign in July said Obama would “ appoint a deputy national security advisor to be in charge of coordinating all U.S. programs aimed at reducing the risk of nuclear terrorism and weapons proliferation . ”
Biden on Wednesday suggested the administration would follow the report ’s recommendations .
“ We ’re not doing all we can to prevent the world ’s most lethal weapons from winding up in the hands of terrorists , ” Biden said .
“ This report is more than a warning about what we are doing wrong .
It ’s a pragmatic blueprint for how to get it right . ”
Advertisement
But some specialists , and some officials in the Bush administration , cautioned against appointing too many advisors .
Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff urged caution Wednesday , saying that the government risked creating too many extraneous layers of bureaucracy by creating “ a czar to do this and a czar to do that . ”
“ I put a big yellow light on , [ a ] go - slow , in terms of reorganizations , ” Chertoff said .
Dizikes is a writer in our Washington bureau .
Advertisement
--
cynthia.dizikes@latimes.com
Josh Meyer , a writer in our Washington bureau , contributed to this report .
On Tuesday night , Terrell Owens was on the Late Show with David Letterman , in order to give the Top 10 List .
The list included the Top 10 Terrel Owens Advice for Kids .
Here is video from that great comedic moment :
So this got me to thinking about other athletes who have appeared on the Late Show to present the Top 10 List recently .
Here is a collection of a few that I found from this year .
Thanks to CBS for understanding the benefit of providing high quality video for free on YouTube .
Top 10 Things That Went Through Cole Hamels ’ Mind After Winning The World Series :
Top Twelve Perks Of Being A NASCAR Driver :
Top Ten Perks of Being an All - Star presented by Derek Jeter :
Top Ten Reasons Annika Sorenstam
Is Retiring :
See live pound v. euro rate Q&A :
Why pound is falling The British pound has continued its sharp decline against the euro , reaching a new daily record low of 1.1236 euros on Thursday .
It is at the lowest level since the euro was launched in 1999 .
The pound gained one cent against the US dollar , reaching $ 1.4967 , as against 1.4827 on Wednesday .
The dollar also fell against other currencies , hitting the lowest level against the euro and the Japanese yen for the past six weeks .
Sterling was pushed lower after figures from the Confederation of British Industry confirmed a sharp downward trend in manufacturing .
The UK currency is expected to remain under broad selling pressure amid a grim outlook for the British economy .
POUND STERLING v EURO : 11 December 2008 * All Times GMT
However , some analysts have expressed doubts that the rise of the euro against the pound is a sustainable trend , particularly if European economies also continue to weaken .
" If the eurozone is being perceived to still have rates at substantially higher levels , then obviously there 's a positive rate spread , but I 'm not convinced that its ultimately going to be positive as the dynamics of the eurozone economy are pretty weak , " Rabobank markets strategist Jeremy Stretch said .
Interest rates have been cut both in the UK and in the eurozone , but they remain higher in the 15 - member euro currency area .
The Bank of England has made two sharp cuts in rates , bringing them down to 2 % , and many analysts expect more in the pipeline .
Lower interest rates make it less attractive for foreigners to hold pounds .
A weaker pound is better for the UK exporters but is bad news for British holidaymakers who plan to go abroad during the Christmas season , and also makes imported goods more expensive .
Meanwhile , the dollar 's weakness has been attributed to the growing difficulties of the auto industry , whose $ 34bn bail - out is being negotiated in Congress .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WordPress
Error : PHP is not running
WordPress requires that your web server is running PHP .
Your server does not have PHP installed , or PHP is turned off .
All she has left of the person she used to be is contained in a 5 - by - 7 photo album with “ Aliyah Bacchus ” written in blue pen on its cover , each picture inside tucked beneath a slip of clear plastic .
There she is at 17 , barely 90 pounds , smiling sourly on her wedding day in Queens , N.Y. , dressed in hijab -- a pearl - toned princess bridal gown shimmering with beads , her slender hands dipped in sleek white gloves , a veil attached to a white qimar , or head scarf , fastened snugly around her face .
The man her father chose for her stands behind Aliyah wearing a black bow tie , his hands resting on her bony shoulders .
That was before .
Before she walked out on the marriage .
Before her Guyana - born Muslim family discovered she was gay .
Before she fled .
Aliyah is 22 now , still hovering at 90 pounds , the dark skin of her Indian roots hugging bone , a boyishly feminine lesbian with cropped black hair gelled into a tussle atop her head , long eyelashes and sharp cheekbones .
Advertisement
She has traded her abaya , which she wore throughout middle and high school , for an ankle - length black trench coat and sunglasses with metallic frames .
She has one piercing in her left ear , four in her right , a metal rod bridging the cartilage in the ear ’s upper rim , a ring in her bellybutton , another in her nose .
Aliyah is Muslim .
It ’s a part of her identity she can’t shed , like her sexuality , like her last name -- Bacchus , as in the Roman god of wine and merriment -- and like her ink - stained flesh : the angel tattooed between her shoulder blades , the dark dragons on her lower back , the polar bear on her stomach , the dying rose on her right wrist .
She knows that in some Muslim sects , homosexuality is considered a crime punishable by death .
But Aliyah lives in America , raised in low - income housing projects 20 miles from Manhattan ’s West Village , where police raided the Stonewall Inn in 1969 , setting off riots that sparked the beginning of a national gay rights movement .
In America , Aliyah knows , it is acceptable to be gay .
But how , she wonders , can she be true to who she is while also adhering to her family ’s faith ?
How does she reconcile both sides of her existence ?
Advertisement
The pictures , faded and fragile , show Aliyah hugging her little sister , standing next to her father , laughing with her brother -- a smiling tribe living in the Far Rockaway neighborhood of Queens .
The photographs remind Aliyah that she used to belong to a family .
On an evening this spring , the sun sets as Aliyah sits on a park bench in the West Village , police sirens blaring around her .
Police show up to break up two drunken men fist - fighting a few steps away .
Aliyah is calm , nearly oblivious to the urban chaos around her .
Sneezing and stuffy with a cold , she is lost in thought , eating a piece of raw chocolate .
Aliyah fell in love recently , and the woman accepts her as she is .
“ For at least one person , ” Aliyah says , “ I seem to be enough . ”
It is enough to convince Aliyah to go home for the first time in over two years .
She will tell her family to accept that she is gay , or lose her forever .
Advertisement
The angel is rising out of flames .
The tattoo represents Aliyah ’s mother who , at 15 , had an arranged marriage .
She was 19 when she gave birth to Aliyah , her third child after two boys .
She died in a fire two months later .
Unable to raise three children alone in the Guyanese town of La Bonne Intention , Aliyah ’s father turned child - rearing duties over to his sister , an Islamic studies teacher married to an imam .
Aliyah came to love her aunt as she would have loved her mother .
In her aunt ’s household , Aliyah became immersed in Islamic tradition , learning to read and write in Arabic and memorizing portions of the Koran .
Her father remarried .
Aliyah split her time living with her father ’s new family on a chicken farm , and at her aunt ’s home .
When she was 10 , her father decided to relocate the family to New York .
Her aunt moved here too .
Advertisement
In Queens , her father ordered her to dress in hijab every time she went in public .
She enrolled in IS 53 , an intermediate school , as the only abaya - wearing Indian student in her class , on a campus of black and Latino students .
After school and on weekends , Aliyah taught the principles of Islam to her Muslim peers in the community .
By 13 , suitors began coming to her father ’s door , asking for Aliyah ’s hand in marriage .
When Aliyah argued with her father , he threatened to make her marry and drop out of school .
Aliyah stopped paying attention in class .
What was the point if her life was destined for marriage and kids , with no hopes for college or a career ?
Aliyah was 16 when Muslim terrorists attacked New York in 2001 .
From her 19th - floor apartment windows , she watched smoke billow from the burning towers .
In the weeks that followed , she continued to wear the ankle - length abaya to school .
A Muslim friend asked her to stop , saying it was unsafe .
She kept wearing it , as if daring the world to take her on .
Her anger and disillusionment stewed .
During Aliyah ’s senior year , she enrolled in a yearbook class .
The teacher was young and full of idealism .
Aliyah daydreamed about her and spent lunch periods in her classroom .
Aliyah would not admit it to herself until years later , but she had a crush on her teacher .
She pushed her romantic thoughts aside .
Advertisement
Aliyah ’s father suffered from heart problems and wanted his daughter to be taken care of after his death .
He gave his blessing for her to marry a 23 - year - old Guyanese Muslim .
She met him in June 2002 .
They were married in a religious ceremony in August , after her high school graduation .
They took wedding pictures in the rain in a botanical garden in Queens , before heading to the reception in his family ’s backyard .
That night , she lay beside her husband , thinking :
What the hell am I doing ?
The couple moved into a studio .
Aliyah did everything she believed a wife should do :
She cleaned and cooked his favorite pastas and West Indian dishes .
When she visited her aunt , Aliyah told her she did not feel attracted to her husband .
Eyeing her suspiciously , her aunt asked :
Are you attracted to girls ?
I ’m not attracted to anybody , Aliyah remembered telling her .
Advertisement
Attraction , her aunt told her , would come with patience .
Aliyah wondered .
She quarreled with her husband .
She chopped her waist - length black hair into a bob .
She started seeing a therapist recommended by a former high school counselor .
One night , Aliyah became agitated after missing a therapy session .
She needed someone to talk to .
Instead , Aliyah argued with her husband , and this time he grabbed her .
She pushed back , jabbing her elbow into his throat .
After that , he left her alone .
Advertisement
Ten weeks into her marriage , Aliyah moved in with family and told her father the marriage was over .
Her therapist gave her information about the Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual & Transgender Community Center in Manhattan .
Aliyah had never met a lesbian .
She showed up at the center to attend a meeting , and immediately the other women adopted her like a little sister .
She began attending dance and movie nights , and weekly meetings and seminars .
It all made sense , Aliyah thought .
Her infatuation with her high school teacher , her lack of interest in men :
She was gay .
“ It was n’t an epiphany , ” Aliyah remembered .
“ It was more like , ‘ OK , time for me to grow up , time for me to face reality . ’
It ’s either that , or you live your life lying to yourself . ”
Advertisement
Inside , Aliyah felt relief .
But she knew her family would never accept her as a lesbian .
She decided she would live two separate lives , one as a lesbian , the other as a devout Muslim daughter .
Aliyah turned 18 in October .
Six months later , her father died of heart failure .
Aliyah mourned , weeping into the dark over his death , while feeling thankful he never found out she was gay .
Aliyah continued to keep her secret from the rest of the family .
She took a job at a real estate agency operated by a family friend and moved into her own apartment .
Aliyah ’s boss snooped into her life , one day asking if she was a lesbian .
Aliyah told her yes .
Her boss told her aunt .
Advertisement
Unaware that she had been outed , Aliyah called her aunt .
Aliyah remembered her aunt telling her :
If you ’re going to tell me you ’re a lesbian , I cannot and will not be associated with you .
Her aunt hung up .
Aliyah sat on the steps outside her apartment , staring at her phone .
Not long after , she received an e-mail from her brother saying something similar .
Aliyah left her job .
In January 2006 , she packed her belongings and headed to northeast Pennsylvania with a friend from the LGBT center .
‘ It firmly states in the Koran : ‘ Ye without faults will be replaced .
But those that commit sin , repent , ’ ” says Aliyah , sitting on a shaded patch of grass in Manhattan ’s Union Square one afternoon .
It is her day off as a security guard .
Since returning to New York in September 2007 , she has been living meagerly .
“ Allah does n’t want you to be perfect , ” she continues , pulling on blades of grass .
“ He does n’t want you to be without faults , he does n’t want you to be without sin , he just wants you to repent .
And if you are without sin , you will be replaced by someone who commits sin . ”
Advertisement
But is homosexuality a sin ?
Aliyah knows the story of the city of Lot in the Koran , which is often pointed to as an argument against homosexuality .
“ It ’s the whole story about the city being destroyed because they were gay , ” she says .
It is the same text as the story of Sodom and Gomorrah , which has been used to condemn homosexuality in Christianity and Judaism .
“ I am living an upright life .
I try to be charitable , ” she says .
“ But who decides what is sin and what is not ?
It ’s not for man to decide . ”
She knows her family would allow her back into their lives if she repented , and renounced her homosexuality .
Advertisement
“ I want to be a part of my family , ” Aliyah says .
“ But what is the price that I have to pay ?
Honestly , I would rather die than go back to that person I was . ”
One evening in February , Aliyah stops by the LGBT Community Center , which is holding a seminar on hypnosis .
She notices a young woman , bundled up in a scarf and coat , walking in front of her to sign in .
The clerk asks the woman ’s name .
She replies : Stella .
That ’s a beautiful name , Aliyah says .
Stella turns to thank her .
All Aliyah sees are green eyes .
Once inside , Aliyah strikes up a conversation .
Advertisement
Stella Zagori , an artist , is four years older than Aliyah , and grew up in Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan , moving to the U.S. when she was 14 .
Stella has known since she was 9 that she was gay .
Like Aliyah , during her adolescence she was n’t interested in dating .
Where she grew up , being gay was not accepted either .
With each day , their connection deepens .
They fall in love .
Two months later , Aliyah decides it is time to pay a visit to her aunt .
It is a gray and drizzly 50 - degree morning in April .
Aliyah is wearing her black trench coat , a blue collared shirt and a black necktie .
Her hair is gelled , and her eyelids are coated in sparkly silver - purple eye shadow .
She left home in such a nervous rush that she forgot her cellphone .
Advertisement
The brick building where her aunt lives is down the block from Rockaway Beach .
“ This is it , ” Aliyah says , lingering at the front doors .
Inside the lobby , she presses the elevator button .
Her aunt ’s fourth - floor apartment smells like West Indian spices .
Her aunt , who has prepared a beef dish , looks shorter and rounder than Aliyah remembers .
Her aunt glances at Aliyah , and says she looks like a boy .
Sitting down to eat , her aunt immediately asks if Aliyah has dealt with her problem .
Aliyah acts as if she does n’t know what she ’s talking about .
They hurry through the meal , and Aliyah says she wants to get some air .
Her aunt drives her to the boardwalk and parks her blue minivan on a bare wind - swept road .
Gusts of sand swirl outside the windows as they sit in tense silence .
Advertisement
Aliyah tells her aunt she is in love with a woman , who is not a Muslim .
Her aunt does not understand .
She tells Aliyah she is too intelligent to be gay .
It is the influence of the shaitan , she says , the devil .
Aliyah seethes .
She realizes she will never change her aunt ’s mind .
She could return , behaving as her family dictates , belonging to a family in which love comes with conditions .
But that life is not hers anymore .
Aliyah opens the van ’s passenger side door and stomps off to the boardwalk , her fists stuffed inside the pockets of her trench coat .
Her aunt follows , wearing a veil and an unzipped blue hooded sweat shirt over her long black hijab .
They stand side by side behind a rail , staring into the violent ocean .
Their black coverings billow in the heavy wind , as the sky breathes mist against their faces .
Aliyah swivels to leave .
Advertisement
Her aunt reaches out for her as she walks , touching a hand on Aliyah ’s shoulder .
She wriggles away .
“ You know my number , ” her aunt says .
“ It goes both ways . ”
Aliyah says nothing .
“ Salam o aliukum , ” her aunt tells her .
May the peace and blessings of Allah be with you .
I ’ll pray for Allah to forgive you , she tells Aliyah , before getting into her van .
Advertisement
Aliyah nods , and turns away .
She does not look back .
In the morning , Stella and Aliyah will board a plane for Arizona .
The couple fasted during September for the Islamic holy month of Ramadan .
By October , both quit their jobs in Manhattan .
Stella ’s mother lives in Arizona , where they are headed to begin a new life , away from the grip of the city and the memories it holds .
Six months have gone by since Aliyah visited her aunt .
The two have not talked since .
Stella is her family now .
Advertisement
The two women have a full journey ahead of them .
Sitting on a bed next to a vase of wilted lilies on a nightstand , Aliyah stares at what is left to pack : Stella ’s books of art , drawers of clothes , two bottles of Russian red champagne .
Aliyah opens a box filled with diaries .
On top sits her family photo album .
For a moment , she thinks about leaving it behind .
She decides not to .
Aliyah closes the box and tapes it shut , safely sealing the album away .
--
Advertisement
erika.hayasaki@latimes.com
Lest We Forget
Could the First World War have been stopped ?
By George Monbiot .
Published in the Guardian 11th November 2008 .
Like most people of my generation , I grew up with a mystery .
I felt I understood the Second World War .
The attempt to dominate and destroy , to eliminate the people of other races – though raised to unprecedented levels by the Nazis – is a familiar historical theme .
The need to stop Hitler was absolute , and the dreadful sacrifices of the Second World War were unavoidable .
But the First World War , which ended 90 years ago today , seemed incomprehensible .
The class interests of the men sent to kill each other were the same .
While Germany was clearly the aggressor , the outlook of the opposing powers – seeking to expand their colonies and to dominate European trade – was not wildly different .
Ugly as the German state was , no one could characterise the war at its outbreak – with Tsarist Russia on the side of the Entente Powers – as a simple struggle between democracy and dictatorship .
Neither did this resemble the current war in Iraq , in which legislators send the children of another class to die .
The chances of being killed were at least five times higher for men who had been students at Oxford or Cambridge in 1914 than they were for manual workers ( 1 ) .
The First World War was an act of social cannibalism , in which statesmen and generals on both sides murdered their own offspring .
How could it have happened ?
On July 1st 1999 , consumed by the urge to understand the war before the century was over , I visited Thiepval on the Somme .
This was the anniversary of the first great attack on the German salients , which caused devastating losses for British and Irish troops .
Men carrying flutes and dressed in orange sashes – commemorating the Ulster Division – paced about .
Beneath the arches of the Lutyens memorial a circle of evangelical Christians hugged and screamed and ululated , while a little boy dressed in combat gear played around their legs with a plastic machine - gun .
I goggled at the names on the monument – the 73,000 commemorate only the British and South Africans who fell on the Somme and whose bodies were not recovered – but I could n’t grasp the scale of what I saw .
Dizzied by these conflicting sights , unable to connect , I wandered behind the old German lines and into a field of sugar beet .
Walking between the rows , trying to clear my head , I noticed a spherical pebble .
I picked it up .
It was strangely heavy .
Then I looked around and saw that the field was covered with the same odd little balls .
Almost every stone was in fact metal .
Within a minute I picked up more grapeshot than I could hold .
I found shell casings , twisted bullets , fragments of barbed wire , chips of armour plating .
I stopped , overwhelmed by shock and recognition .
It was a field of lead and steel ; and every piece had been manufactured to kill someone .
There are plenty of words to describe the horrors of World War Two .
But there were none , as far as I could discover , that captured the character of the First World War .
So I constructed one from the Greek word ephebos , a young man of fighting age .
Ephebicide is the wanton mass slaughter of the young by the old .
But how did it happen , and why ?
In his fascinating book The Last Great War , published a fortnight ago , Adrian Gregory shows that the notion that Britain was carried to war on a wave of patriotic enthusiasm is false ( 2 ) .
The crowds that gathered around Buckingham Palace and in Downing Street when war was declared seem to have been more curious than excited .
Most people appear to have greeted the war with resignation or dismay .
Nor does voluntary enlistment provide clear evidence of enthusiasm .
It is true that some wanted to fight , and others saw war as a more exciting prospect that working in a dead - end office job ( 3 ) .
But Gregory shows that voluntarism was n’t all that it seemed .
For many men fighting was the only employment on offer .
The largest numbers volunteered not at the very beginning of war , but after the disaster at Mons on August 24th , when it became clear that there was a genuine threat to national defence ( 4 ) .
The speed with which the war began and Britain joined made effective resistance impossible to organise .
By the time the anti-war meetings had been called , it was too late .
And by then there was a genuine need to stop Germany .
It was as rational to seek to curtail German expansionism in August 1914 as it was in September 1939 .
But the narratives , like Gregory ’s , which suggest that World War One was inevitable begin late in the sequence of events ( 5 ) .
Another anniversary , almost forgotten in this country , falls tomorrow .
On November 12th 1924 , Edmund Dene Morel died .
Morel had been a shipping clerk , based in Liverpool and Antwerp , who had noticed , in the late 1890s , that while ships belonging to King Leopold were returning from the Congo to Belgium full of ivory , rubber and other goods , they were departing with nothing but soldiers and ammunition .
He realised that Leopold ’s colony must be a slave state , and launched an astonishing and ultimately successful effort to break the king ’s grip ( 6 ) .
For a while he became a national hero .
A few years later he became a national villain .
During his Congo campaign , Morel had become extremely suspicious of the secret diplomacy pursued by the British foreign office .
In 1911 , he showed how a secret understanding between Britain and France over the control of Morocco , followed by a campaign in the British press based on misleading foreign office briefings , had stitched up Germany and very nearly caused a European war ( 7 ) .
In February 1912 he warned that “ no greater disaster could befall both peoples [ Britain and Germany ] , and all that is most worthy of preservation in modern civilization , than a war between them .
” (8 ) Convinced that Britain had struck a second secret agreement with France , that would drag us into any war which involved Russia , he campaigned for such treaties to be made public ; for recognition that Germany had been hoodwinked over Morocco and for the British government to seek to broker a reconciliation between France and Germany .
In response British ministers lied .
The prime minister and the foreign secretary repeatedly denied that there was any secret agreement with France ( 9 ) .
Only on the day before war was declared did the foreign secretary admit that a treaty had been in place since 1906 .
It ensured that Britain would have to fight from the moment Russia mobilised .
Morel continued to oppose the war and became , until his dramatic rehabilitation after 1918 , one of the most reviled men in Britain .
Could the Great War have been averted if , in 1911 , the British government had done as Morel suggested ?
No one knows , as no such attempt was made .
Far from seeking to broker a European peace , Britain , pursuing its self - interested diplomatic intrigues , helped to make war more likely .
Germany was the aggressor ; but the image of affronted virtue cultivated by Britain was a false one .
Faced , earlier in the century , with the possibilities of peace , the old men of Europe had decided that they would rather kill their children than change their policies .
www.monbiot.com
References :
1. Adrian Gregory , 2008 .
The Last Great War : British society and the First World War , p.290 .
Cambridge University Press .
2. ibid , pp9-17 ; 24-30 .
3. ibid , p31 .
4. ibid , p32 .
5 . Another example is Gary Sheffield , November 2008 .
The Origins of World War One. BBC Online .
http://www.bbc.co.uk/history/worldwars/wwone/origins_01.shtml
6. See Adam Hochschild , 1999 .
King Leopold ’s Ghost .
Pan Macmillan , London .
7. F. Seymour Cocks , 1920 .
E. D. Morel : the man and his work .
George Allen & Unwin , London .
The text of this book is available at :
http://ia331337.us.archive.org/3/items/edmorelmanhiswor00cockuoft/edmorelmanhiswor00cockuoft_djvu.txt
8. ED Morel , 1912 .
Morocco in Diplomacy .
Quoted by F. Seymour Cocks , ibid .
9. Asquith denied it on March 10th 1913 and March 24th 1913 .
Grey denied it on April 28th 1914 and June 11th 1914 .
Hire Creative Web Designers for Your Business
Hidden Brains provides models to hire web designers to create compelling designs for business impact .
Our dedicated website designers possess years of experience in the domain of website designing providing best designing solutions that exceed expectations .
With our Hire Dedicated Web Designers Services , we assist enterprises , online ecommerce stores , small businesses and individuals from different verticals to enhance brand value and create a lasting online presence .
Our creative graphics and website designers for hire have proven expertise in HTML , XHTML , CSS and HTML and other designing tools and web design software .
A worker brings carts back into a Walmart store in Westminster , Colorado , August 14 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Rick Wilking
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Wal - Mart Stores Inc WMT.N said on Tuesday it had settled 63 class action lawsuits that accused the world 's largest retailer of wage violations for at least $ 352 million but no more than $ 640 million .
The settlements , pertaining to lawsuits filed in many U.S. states , are subject to court approval .
Wal - Mart said it expects a related after - tax charge from continuing operations in its fiscal fourth quarter of about $ 250 million , or 6 cents per share .
Wal - Mart said many of the lawsuits had been filed years ago and that the allegations did not reflect on how the company treats its more than 1 million employees today .
The company said it has agreed to use electronic systems to stay compliant with its wage and hour policies , and applicable law .
“ Our policy is to pay associates for every hour worked and to provide rest and meal breaks , ” Wal - Mart general counsel Tom Mars said in a statement .
The Wal - Mart statement quoted lead lawyers representing plaintiffs as saying the settlements were fair and valued the work of company employees .
Earlier this month , Wal - Mart said it would pay up to $ 54.3 million to settle a similar class - action lawsuit in Minnesota .
A full list of cases covered by the settlements was availablehere .
Two Dangerous Bush - Cheney Myths As George W. Bush and Dick Cheney make their case for some positive legacy from the past eight years , two arguments are playing key roles : the notion that torturing terror suspects saved American lives and the belief that Bush ’s Iraq troop “ surge ” transformed a disaster into something close to “ victory . ”
Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly
Not only will these twin arguments be important in defining the public ’s future impression of where Bush should rank on the presidential list , but they could constrain how far President Barack Obama can go in reversing these policies .
In other words , the perception of the past can affect the future .
Though most current thinking holds that George W. Bush might want to trademark the slogan “ Worst President Ever , ” America 's powerful right - wing media ( and its many allies in the mainstream press ) will surely seek to rehabilitate Bush ’s reputation as much as possible .
Even elevating Bush to the status of a presidential mediocrity might open the door for a revival of the Bush Dynasty with brother Jeb already eyeing one of Florida ’s U.S. Senate seats and possibly harboring grander ambitions .
And even if another Bush in the White House is not realistic , a kinder - gentler judgment on George W. Bush at least could help the Republican Party rebound in 2010 and 2012 .
So evaluating the Bush - Cheney torture policies and how successful the “ surge ” are not just academic exercises .
Two recent articles by people with first - hand knowledge also shed important new light on these issues : one by a lead U.S. interrogator in Iraq and the other by former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld .
The interrogator – using the pseudonym “ Matthew Alexander ” for an article in the Washington Post ’s Outlook section on Nov. 30 – wrote that the practice of humiliating and abusing prisoners had proved counterproductive , not only violating U.S. principles and failing to extract reliable intelligence but fueling the Iraqi insurgency and getting large numbers of U.S. soldiers killed .
Indeed , “ Alexander , ” a U.S. Air Force special operations officer , argued that it was his team ’s abandonment of those harsh tactics that contributed to the tracking down and killing of the murderous al - Qaeda in Iraq leader Abu Musab al - Zarqawi in June 2006 , an important turning point in reducing levels of violence in Iraq .
“ Alexander ” said he arrived in Iraq in March 2006 , amid the bloody civil war that Sunni extremist Zarqawi had helped provoke a month earlier with the bombing of the golden - domed Askariya mosque in Samarra , a shrine revered by Iraq 's majority Shiites .
“ Amid the chaos , four other Air Force criminal investigators and I joined an elite team of interrogators attempting to locate Zarqawi , ” he wrote .
“ What I soon discovered about our methods astonished me .
The Army was still conducting interrogations according to the Guantanamo Bay model . …
These interrogations were based on fear and control ; they often resulted in torture and abuse .
“ I refused to participate in such practices , and a month later , I extended that prohibition to the team of interrogators I was assigned to lead .
I taught the members of my unit a new methodology -- one based on building rapport with suspects , showing cultural understanding and using good old - fashioned brainpower to tease out information . ”
Breakthroughs
By getting to know the captives and negotiating with them , his team achieved breakthroughs that enabled the U.S. military to close in on Zarqawi while also gaining a deeper understanding of what drove the Iraqi insurgency , “ Alexander ” wrote .
“ Over the course of this renaissance in interrogation tactics , our attitudes changed .
We no longer saw our prisoners as the stereotypical al - Qaeda evildoers we had been repeatedly briefed to expect ; we saw them as Sunni Iraqis , often family men protecting themselves from Shiite militias and trying to ensure that their fellow Sunnis would still have some access to wealth and power in the new Iraq .
“ Most surprisingly , they turned out to despise al - Qaeda in Iraq as much as they despised us , but Zarqawi and his thugs were willing to provide them with arms and money , ” the interrogator wrote , noting that this understanding played a key role in the U.S. military turning many Sunnis against the hyper- violent extremism of Zarqawi ’s organization .
“ Alexander ” added that the new interrogation methods “ convinced one of Zarqawi 's associates to give up the al - Qaeda in Iraq leader 's location .
On June 8 , 2006 , U.S. warplanes dropped two 500 - pound bombs on a house where Zarqawi was meeting with other insurgent leaders . ”
Despite the success in killing Zarqawi , “ Alexander ” said the old , harsh interrogation methods continued .
“ I came home from Iraq feeling as if my mission was far from accomplished , ” he wrote .
“ Soon after my return , the public learned that another part of our government , the CIA , had repeatedly used waterboarding to try to get information out of detainees . ”
“ Alexander ” found that the engrained support for using “ rough stuff ” against hardened jihadists was difficult to overcome despite the successes from more subtle approaches .
“ We turned several hard cases , including some foreign fighters , by using our new techniques , ” he wrote .
“ A few of them never abandoned the jihadist cause but still gave up critical information .
One actually told me , ‘ I thought you would torture me , and when you did n't , I decided that everything I was told about Americans was wrong .
That 's why I decided to cooperate . ’"
From hundreds of these interrogations , “ Alexander ” said he learned that the images from Guantanamo Bay and Abu Ghraib were actually getting American soldiers killed by drawing angry young Arabs into the Iraq War .
“ Torture and abuse cost American lives , ” the interrogator wrote .
“ I learned in Iraq that the No. 1 reason foreign fighters flocked there to fight were the abuses carried out at Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo .
Our policy of torture was directly and swiftly recruiting fighters for al - Qaeda in Iraq .
The large majority of suicide bombings in Iraq are still carried out by these foreigners .
They are also involved in most of the attacks on U.S. and coalition forces in Iraq .
“ It 's no exaggeration to say that at least half of our losses and casualties in that country have come at the hands of foreigners who joined the fray because of our program of detainee abuse .
The number of U.S. soldiers who have died because of our torture policy will never be definitively known , but it is fair to say that it is close to the number of lives lost on Sept. 11 , 2001 .
" How anyone can say that torture keeps Americans safe is beyond me -- unless you do n't count American soldiers as Americans . ”
Nevertheless , in a series of candid “ exit interviews , ” Vice President Cheney – and to a lesser degree President Bush – have defended their actions that included sanctioning brutal methods of interrogation , such as the simulated drowning of “ waterboarding . ”
[ See Consortiumnews.com ’s “ Cheney Defends Waterboarding Order . ” ]
The ‘ Surge ’
To this day , the belief that subjecting “ bad guys ” to physical and psychological abuse makes them crack -- and thus saves American lives -- remains a central myth that the departing Bush administration wo n’t abandon .
A parallel myth is the notion of the “ successful surge . ”
It holds that Bush ’s brave decision to go against the prevailing political winds in early 2007 and escalate U.S. military involvement in Iraq – with a 30,000 - troop “ surge ” – saved the day .
News stories and opinion articles across the U.S. news media , including the New York Times and the Washington Post , have transformed this argument into “ conventional wisdom . ”
However , as we have pointed out in other stories , the reality is far more complex , with several other key reasons contributing to the drop in Iraqi violence , many predating or unrelated to the “ surge , ” including : -- The decision by Sunni tribes to turn against al - Qaeda and accept U.S. financial support , the so - called “ Anbar Awakening ” that began in 2006 .
Zarqawi ’s extremism contributed to this shift , which in turn was a factor in his isolation and death in June 2006 .
-- Vicious ethnic cleansing had separated Sunnis and Shiites to such a degree that there were fewer targets to kill .
Several million Iraqis fled as refugees either into neighboring countries or within their own .
-- Concrete walls built between Sunni and Shiite areas made “ death - squad ” raids more difficult but also “ cantonized ” much of Baghdad and other Iraqi cities , making everyday life for Iraqis even more exhausting as they sought food or traveled to work .
-- An expanded U.S. policy of rounding up so - called “ military age males ” locked up tens of thousands in prison .
-- Awesome U.S. firepower , concentrated on Iraqi insurgents and civilian bystanders for more than five years , had slaughtered countless thousands of Iraqis and intimidated many others to look simply to their own survival .
-- With the total Iraqi death toll estimated in the hundreds of thousands and many more Iraqis horribly maimed , the society was deeply traumatized .
As tyrants have learned throughout history , at some point violent repression does work .
However , in Washington political circles , it was all about the “ successful surge . ”
There also was little concern about the 1,000 additional U.S. soldiers who have died in Iraq since President Bush started the “ surge ” in 2007 .
The Americans killed during the “ surge ” represent roughly one - quarter of the total war dead whose numbers have now passed the 4,200 mark .
Rumsfeld ’s Doubts Surprisingly to some Iraq
War critics , one of the chief obstacles to Bush ’s “ surge ” was the widely despised Defense Secretary , Donald Rumsfeld , who – in fall 2006 – pushed for a strategy that would have slashed the U.S. military presence in Iraq dramatically by mid-2007 .
On Nov. 6 , 2006 , Rumsfeld sent a memo to the White House , in which he listed his preferred – or “ above the line ” – options as " an accelerated drawdown of U.S. bases … to five by July 2007 " and withdrawal of U.S. forces " from vulnerable positions — cities , patrolling , etc. … so the Iraqis know they have to pull up their socks , step up and take responsibility for their country . "
Two days later , Rumsfeld was forced to submit his resignation and Bush announced Robert Gates as the new Defense Secretary .
Not aware of Rumsfeld ’s memo , Washington pundits and many leading Democrats misinterpreted the personnel shift as a reaction to the Democratic congressional election victory on Nov. 7 , 2006 .
The consensus view was that the “ realist ” Gates would oversee a rapid U.S. military drawdown in Iraq .
However , the opposite occurred .
Gates became Bush ’s front man for the “ surge . ”
[ For details , see Consortiumnews.com ’s “ Robert Gates : As Bad as Rumsfeld ? ” ]
The subsequent conventional wisdom about the “ successful surge ” catapulted Gates from the ranks of the departing Bush administration into those of the arriving Obama administration , where he will remain Defense Secretary .
On Nov. 23 , 2008 , less than three weeks after Obama ’s Nov. 4 election victory as it was becoming clear that Obama would retain Gates , Rumsfeld shed more light on his own Iraq War strategy in an op - ed for the New York Times .
While bowing to the prevailing conventional wisdom about the “ successful surge , ” Rumsfeld defended his pre-surge thinking , explaining that a number of factors had set up the “ tipping point ” that enabled the “ surge ” to be successful .
Though using more positive language about those preconditions ( than we did ) , Rumsfeld made essentially the same points , adding that previous increases in U.S. troop levels – to numbers comparable to the “ surge ” levels – had achieved minimal effect in containing the violence .
“ As one who is occasionally — and incorrectly — portrayed as an opponent of the surge in Iraq , I believe that while the surge has been effective in Iraq , we must also recognize the conditions that made it successful , ” Rumsfeld wrote .
“ By early 2007 , several years of struggle had created the new conditions for a tipping point : “ -- Al Qaeda in Iraq ’s campaign of terrorism and intimidation had turned its Sunni base of support against it .
The result was the so - called Anbar Awakening in the late summer of 2006 , followed by similar awakening movements across Iraq .
“ -- From 2003 through 2006 , United States military forces , under the leadership of Gen. John Abizaid and Gen. George Casey , inflicted huge losses on the Baathist and Qaeda leadership .
Many thousands of insurgents , including the Qaeda chief in Iraq , Abu Musab al - Zarqawi , were captured or killed and proved difficult to replace .
“ -- The Iraqi Security Forces had achieved cohesion , improved operational effectiveness and critical mass .
By December 2006 , some 320,000 Iraqis had been trained , equipped and deployed , producing the forces necessary to help hold difficult neighborhoods against the enemy .
By 2007 , the surge , for most Iraqis , could have an Iraqi face .
“ -- And the political scene in Iraq had shifted .
Moktada al - Sadr , the firebrand cleric , declared a cease - fire in February 2007 .
The government of Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al - Maliki , seated in May 2006 , moved against militias and Iranian - backed militias and has imperfectly , but notably , rejected narrow sectarian policies .
“ The best indication that timing is everything may be that there had been earlier surges without the same effect as the 2007 surge .
In 2005 , troop levels in Iraq were increased to numbers nearly equal to the 2007 surge — twice .
But the effects were not as durable because large segments of the Sunni population were still providing sanctuary to insurgents , and Iraq ’s security forces were not sufficiently capable or large enough . ”
In other words , even Rumsfeld would agree that the simplistic conventional wisdom of Washington – that Bush ’s “ surge ” turned everything around and that everyone , including Barack Obama , must accept that “ fact ” – does n’t square with the more complex reality .
Still , as Americans should have learned over the past three decades of image - managing – from Ronald Reagan to Karl Rove – perceptions can be a powerful thing .
Perception may not be the same as reality but it can become a very dangerous substitute both in defining the present and charting the future .
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Neck Deep : The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush , was written with two of his sons , Sam and Nat , and can be ordered at neckdeepbook.com .
His two previous books , Secrecy & Privilege : The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth ' are also available there .
Or go to Amazon.com .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Scandal - hit Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich has told reporters he is innocent of any crime and will not be resigning his position .
Mr Blagojevich was arrested last week and charged with attempting to " sell " Barack Obama 's vacant Senate seat .
As governor of Illinois , Mr Blagojevich has sole responsibility for picking Mr Obama 's successor in the Senate .
Mr Blagojevich , who had not previously spoken in public about the charges against him , vowed to clear his name .
" I am not guilty of any criminal wrongdoing , " he told reporters .
" I intend to stay on the job - I will fight , I will fight , I will fight until I take my last breath . "
' Pay to play ' schemes
In a brief statement , he said he would fight the " false accusations " made by what he termed a " political lynch mob " .
CHARGES AGAINST BLAGOJEVICH
Federal agents say Mr Blagojevich
Tried to obtain campaign contributions in exchange for official actions
Tried to use state funds for the private purpose of inducing the Tribune Company to fire Chicago Tribune editorial board members critical of him Tried to obtain personal financial benefits for himself in return for his appointment of a US senator
Profile : Rod Blagojevich
And he expressed a desire to explain his actions in court .
" I 'm dying to answer these charges - I am dying to show you how innocent I am , " he said .
After quoting from the Rudyard Kipling poem " If " , Mr Blagojevich said : " There are some powerful forces arrayed against me .
It 's kind of lonely right now . "
" But I have on my side the most powerful ally there is , and it's the truth . "
The BBC's Rajini Vaidyanathan said the governor appeared to be using the news conference as an opportunity to speak directly to the people of Illinois .
Mr Blagojevich and his lawyers seem to have come to the conclusion that the governor needs to win over Illinois voters if he is to keep his job , our correspondent says .
' Pay to play '
After the speech the Lieutenant Governor , Pat Quinn , pleaded with Mr Blagojevich to step aside under a constitutional provision that allows him to keep his title but give his duties to an acting governor - which , under the rules of succession , would be Mr Quinn .
The Governor is clearly impeded in his ability to carry - out his executive functions
Lieutenant Governor Pat Quinn
" We heard his statement earlier : he feels that he will be vindicated , he said , in a court of law .
" Our state cannot wait while the chief executive battles in a court of law while we have so many major decisions that affect the welfare and safety of the people of Illinois .
" The Governor is clearly impeded in his ability to carry - out his executive functions . "
Mr Blagojevich was charged last week with a number of offences including soliciting a bribe .
The charges relate to a variety of corruption schemes in which the governor was allegedly involved , including so - called " pay to play " deals - the doling out of jobs , contracts and appointments in return for campaign contributions .
On the day of his arrest , investigators released transcripts of conversations between Mr Blagojevich and others intercepted by court - authorised wiretaps .
In the conversations , the Democratic governor allegedly discussed offering Mr Obama 's Senate seat in return for a well - paid position at a non-profit organisation or a group affiliated with trades unions , according to the affidavit .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A key component of bodybuilding success is nutrition .
Nutrition gives you the raw materials for recuperation , energy and growth .
Without a good diet , you 'll never achieve your ideal body .
Read on to learn about how to fuel your body for the best results .
Nutrition Basics
Depending on your height , weight , metabolism and other factors , you should consume 1,600 to 2,400 calories per day if you are an adult woman and 2,000 to 3,000 if you are a man , says health.gov , and follow these tips :
Eat smaller meals more frequently throughout the day instead of large , infrequent ones .
When you feed your body several times a day , your metabolism increases and you burn more fat .
Include the right mix of macronutrients -- carbohydrates , protein and fat .
Kaiser Permanente recommends that you get 50 to 60 percent of your total daily calories from carbohydrates , 12 to 20 percent from protein and 30 percent from fat .
Understanding the macronutrients is key to understanding nutrition .
Carbohydrates
Carbohydrates are your body 's main source of energy .
When you ingest carbohydrates , your pancreas releases a hormone called insulin .
Consuming too many carbohydrates can cause a huge release of insulin turning your body into a fat - storing machine .
The type of carbohydrates -- complex or simple -- you eat is also important .
Complex carbohydrates give you sustained energy while simple carbohydrates give you an immediate boost .
Eat mainly complex carbohydrates throughout the day except after a workout when your body needs simple carbohydrates to replenish its glycogen levels , which will lead to faster recuperation and rebuilding of muscle .
Complex carbohydrates include starchy foods like oatmeal , sweet potatoes , rice and peas , and fiber - filled foods like broccoli , carrots , cauliflower , green beans and spinach .
Simple carbohydrates include apples , bananas , grapefruit , grapes and oranges .
Protein
Every tissue in your body is made of protein -- your muscles , hair , skin and nails .
Without protein , building muscle and burning fat efficiently would be impossible .
If you are involved in a weight - training program , consume 1 to 1.5 grams of protein per pound of lean body mass per day .
Good sources of protein include eggs , chicken breast , turkey , lean meats and tuna .
A 6 - ounce serving size of each of these equals approximately 35 to 40 grams of protein .
Fat
All the cells in the body have some fat in them .
Fats lubricate your joints .
If you eliminate fat from your diet , an array of important chemical reactions will be interrupted .
Your body will start accumulating more body fat than usual so that it has enough fat to keep on functioning .
Since testosterone production is halted , so is muscle building .
There are three types of fats :
Saturated fats are associated with heart disease and high cholesterol levels .
They are found in products of animal origin .
Some vegetable fats are altered in a way that increases the amount of saturated fat in them through a chemical process known as hydrogenation .
Hydrogenated vegetable oils are often found in packaged foods .
Coconut , palm and palm kernel oils and nondairy creamers are often loaded with hydrogenated oils .
Polyunsaturated fats are often found in vegetable oils , such as corn , cottonseed , soybean and sunflower oils .
Monounsaturated fats have a positive effect on your cholesterol levels .
These fats are usually high in essential fatty acids and may have antioxidant properties .
Good sources of these fats are avocados , peanut butter , nuts and seeds , as well as canola , peanut , safflower and sesame oils .
Water
More than 65 percent of your body is composed of water .
Without water , you would not survive very long .
Water is good for the following reasons :
It cleanses your body of toxins .
You need water for complex chemical reactions that your body performs on a daily basis , including energy production , muscle building and fat burning .
Like fats , water helps lubricate your joints .
When the outside temperature is high , water serves as a coolant to bring your body temperature down .
Water helps control your appetite .
Sometimes when you feel hungry after a meal , it may indicate a lack of water .
Drinking water could stop your cravings .
Cold water increases your metabolism .
Drink at least eight 8 - ounce glasses of water a day , but if you 're working out , you should drink much more .
So , next time you hit the gym , bring a quart - sized bottle of water and take a few sips between sets .
Group Calls For Submissions Depicting The Restoration Of Civil Liberties In America
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : ( 212 ) 549-2666 ; media@aclu.org
NEW YORK – The American Civil Liberties has issued a call for poster design submissions that depict the transformation of America into a country that holds its leaders accountable , strives to restore civil liberties and works to fix unconstitutional policies .
The winning designer will be awarded $ 500 and the poster will be used as part of the ACLU 's national campaign to renew America 's commitment to the Constitution .
The following can be attributed to Jameel Jaffer , Director of the ACLU National Security Project :
" January 11 , 2009 will mark seven years since the first detainees were brought to the prison at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba .
Since then , Guantánamo and the military commissions that take place there have become a symbol for the Bush administration 's worst excesses – including indefinite detention and torture .
Guantánamo is only one example of what has been an 8 - year campaign against the Constitution .
We have also seen warrantless wiretapping , sweeping arrests of immigrants and unconscionable racial profiling .
" With the new administration , we have an opportunity to end these policies .
President - elect Obama has said that we need to renew our commitment to the Constitution and ' regain America 's moral stature in the world . '
We 're hoping that artists can help us convey to President - elect Obama and the new administration how important it is that they fulfill this pledge . "
The deadline for submitting entries is Sunday , January 4 , 2009 .
Designs should be 11 " x 17 " , or 17 " x 11 " .
Entries should be submitted in JPG or PDF format under 3 MB to posters@aclu.org .
The winner should be prepared to provide a high - resolution PDF of the design .
More information about the contest and the ACLU 's " Actions for Restoring America " is available online at : www.aclu.org/restoreamerica
Last week Peer Steinbrück , Mrs. Merkel ’s finance minister , went even further .
Not content with refusing to develop a serious stimulus plan for his own country , he denounced the plans of other European nations .
He accused Britain , in particular , of engaging in “ crass Keynesianism . ”
Germany ’s leaders seem to believe that their own economy is in good shape , and in no need of major help .
They ’re almost certainly wrong about that .
The really bad thing , however , is n’t their misjudgment of their own situation ; it ’s the way Germany ’s opposition is preventing a common European approach to the economic crisis .
To understand the problem , think of what would happen if , say , New Jersey were to attempt to boost its economy through tax cuts or public works , without this state - level stimulus being part of a nationwide program .
Clearly , much of the stimulus would “ leak ” away to neighboring states , so that New Jersey would end up with all of the debt while other states got many if not most of the jobs .
Individual European countries are in much the same situation .
Any one government acting unilaterally faces the strong possibility that it will run up a lot of debt without creating much domestic employment .
For the European economy as a whole , however , this kind of leakage is much less of a problem : two - thirds of the average European Union member ’s imports come from other European nations , so that the continent as a whole is no more import - dependent than the United States .
This means that a coordinated stimulus effort , in which each country counts on its neighbors to match its own efforts , would offer much more bang for the euro than individual , uncoordinated efforts .
But you ca n’t have a coordinated European effort if Europe ’s biggest economy not only refuses to go along , but heaps scorn on its neighbors ’ attempts to contain the crisis .
Germany ’s big Nein wo n’t last forever .
Last week Ifo , a highly respected research institute , warned that Germany will soon be facing its worst economic crisis since the 1940s .
If and when this happens , Mrs. Merkel and her ministers will surely reconsider their position .
But in Europe , as in the United States , the issue is time .
Across the world , economies are sinking fast , while we wait for someone , anyone , to offer an effective policy response .
How much damage will be done before that response finally comes ?
Several passengers and crew suffered minor injuries in the landing
Enlarge Image
Rome 's Ciampino airport has been closed to flights after a Ryanair plane from Frankfurt suffered " substantial damage " as it made an emergency landing .
The budget airline said the plane had experienced problems after birds were sucked into the engine as it came in to land at Rome 's second - largest airport .
Passengers left the Boeing 737 using emergency chutes .
The plane remains on the runway with one engine resting on the tarmac because of damage to the landing gear .
It is being examined by Ryanair engineers and the Italian Aviation Authority .
People were crying , it was terrible , it was a bad experience
Ryanair passenger Ryanair said the airport , which hosts several budget airlines , was likely to remain closed for the rest of Monday .
Ryanair flight FR4102 from Frankfurt to Rome had 166 passengers on board .
Reports say two cabin crew and at least three passengers were taken to hospital with minor injuries .
One passenger said an engine had begun to smoke as the plane was coming in to land and it then descended rapidly .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" People were crying , it was terrible , " he added .
Another passenger said he thanked God that nobody had died .
A picture of the plane on the Ryanair website appeared to show red marks on the nose cone and wings - presumably from the birds .
Other Ryanair flights would be diverted to Rome 's other airport , Fiumicino , until Ciampino was re-opened , the airline said .
At least 219 people have been killed worldwide since 1988 as a result of wildlife strikes to aircraft , according to the organisation Bird Strike Committee USA .
A US Federal Aviation Administration study has found that between 1990 and 2007 , more than 82,000 wildlife strikes were reported at more than 1600 American airports .
The phenomenon causes billions of dollars of damage to aircraft worldwide .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Intense and gripping , the 2008 election was also historic .
The son of a Kenyan immigrant and an American mother has risen to the presidency of history 's most powerful nation .
Who was not moved by the sight of Jesse Jackson standing silently among strangers with tears streaming down his face as he thought of a long journey towards equality and acceptance ?
So how did Barack Obama win ?
Some of it was fortune :
He was a fresh , gifted , charismatic leader who emerged at just the moment that people yearned for something entirely new .
...
Investigators from Massachusetts General Hospital ( MGH ) have found a subpopulation of hematopoietic stem cells , the source of all blood and immune system cells , that reproduce much more slowly than previously anticipated .
Use of these cells may improve the outcome of stem cell transplants – also called bone marrow transplants – for the treatment of leukemia and other marrow - based diseases .
The report will appear in the journal Nature Biotechnology and is being released online to coincide with a similar study in the journal Cell .
" Hematopoietic stem cell transplantation saves many lives every day and is the most established therapeutic application of stem cells , but ironically we know very little about the cells that have made this clinical success possible , " says Hanno Hock , MD , PhD , of the MGH Center for Regenerative Medicine , who led the study .
" If we can improve our understanding of the biology of these cells , we should be able to offer our patients more therapeutic options . "
It has been believed that the entire population of hematopoietic stem cells ( HSCs ) in the bone marrow reproduce at a rate of about 7 percent per day , with each cell dividing every two weeks .
But previous investigations of stem cell proliferation appear to have missed the fact that some cells divide much less frequently .
The MGH team developed a mouse model in which HSCs could be induced to express a green fluorescent label for a limited period of time .
Tracking how long cells retained the label after its expression was halted indicated how long a cell remained in a resting phase between cell divisions .
While 80 percent of the labeled HSCs were observed to proliferate at the expected rate , 20 percent of cells reproduced much more slowly , dividing once every 100 days or longer .
Another experiment found that a gene believed to keep HSCs in a resting state was not required to maintain the reduced rate of cell division in these slow - cycling HSCs , and a mathematical model of HSC proliferation only matched what was actually seen in the labeled mouse model if it assumed two populations of HSCs with differing rates of cell division .
To test whether the rate of proliferation changed the cells ' ability to repopulate bone marrow , stem cell transplants were conducted using HSCs that had been labeled several months earlier and retained varying levels of the green marker – with higher label intensity signifying the slowly proliferating cells .
The best results were achieved with cells maintaining the most label , which would signify the slow - cycling population , while cells in which the label was weakest were least able to repopulate the animals ' marrow .
" Our results suggest that we understand a lot less about HSCs than we thought , " Hock says .
" If we can find more markers for these slow - cycling cells and identify them in human bone marrow , we may be able to make more of them and find additional clinical applications . "
An assistant professor of Medicine at Harvard Medical School , Hock is also associated with the MGH Cancer Center and the Harvard Stem Cell Institute .
Source : Massachusetts General Hospital
A year ago , my good friend Casey Watson suggested that I try using a personal wiki to keep track of my programming knowledge .
This turned out to be great advice , so I ’ll be sharing how I use one and how to start your own .
Why would a personal wiki make you productive ?
In a phrase : to keep a your web of knowledge accessible from one place .
You need a place to put your meeting agenda , important project / server links , and even a to - do or waiting - for list .
Not only can you store a lot , you can tag it , search it and otherwise customize the crap out of Tiddlywiki .
You are not going to be able to remember everything you need , keeping links and information in email folders just does n’t cut it .
You can easily keep track of your meeting notes , DB schema diagrams , bug lists , blah blah blah …
Roll your own … now !
It ’s really stinkin’ easy !
Just grab my favorite flavor of Tiddlywiki , d-cubed , and save it somewhere you can access easily .
The first time you use it your browser will ask you to confirm that you can edit your HTML file through it ( standard security check ) .
You will probably want to theme it so it fits you , and I found a bunch of nice themes at Tiddly Themes .
It ’s just CSS and JavaScript anyway , dowhatyouwant !
whatyouwant !!
Once you have customized your wiki ’s look - and - feel etc. , it ’s time to grab some slick plugins .
Here are a couple I use and recommend :
Checkbox plugin -
So you can manage your tasks with checkbox style
Calendar plugin and Date plugin - Manage your calendar in your wiki !
To install a plugin , just make a new Tiddler ( wiki page ) with the same title , content , and tags .
So easy !
Next steps
I recommend starting by creating tiddlers for all your projects and just putting links to other resources in there .
After awhile , copy bits of emails you need to remember to relevant places so you can search it anytime .
Baby steps , but stick to it .
The setup cost will be returned in cases ( as in the beer others will buy you for rocking ) !
You ’re now well on your way to wiki - fying yourself .
Share your experiences and have fun !
Not so long ago , about the only motorcades you 'd come across in Chicago were the long funeral cortèges of police cars or fire trucks to honour a fellow officer , especially one who had fallen in the line of duty .
Now the Windy City is getting used to another sort of cortège : the convoy of black vehicles with blacked - out windows , lights flashing and sirens wailing , slicing through blocked - off intersections , treating the local citizenry like a vanquished enemy .
This tribulation for Chicagoans will not last much longer .
For one thing , come inauguration day on 20 January , Barack Obama will have moved to Washington , whose inhabitants put up with such disruptions on a permanent basis .
Secretly though , Chicagoans relish the fuss .
Motorcades may be a hassle .
But they are also final , unmistakable proof that the city is in the big leagues .
Obama may or may not change the ways of America , but he 's already changed the way Chicago sees itself .
That unforgettable election night party in Grant Park was a start .
It was a celebration of Obama , of course , but also of his adopted town .
Chicago has produced much in its time , but never a US president who claimed it as home .
And the city loved it .
" It was amazing when it happened , " one local resident remembered , " but the next day , when you got on a bus or subway , everyone still had a big grin on their faces . "
Or as Scott Turow , the lawyer , best - selling novelist and native Chicagoan put it : " It seems like there are three million people walking round here congratulating each other . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Right now , Chicago is America 's hottest city .
Pre -Obama , it was written about remarkably little – at least for a metropolis with three million inhabitants .
For all its attributes , the city had an oddly provincial air .
When out - of - town or foreign reporters came through , they would revisit the Al Capone era , or the era of Mayor Richard Daley and the infamous 1968 Democratic convention .
Few bothered to chronicle Chicago 's modern triumphs and disasters .
The exception they might make was an interview with Studs Terkel , oral historian , guardian of America 's past and listed Chicago monument , who died four days before Obama 's victory .
Or take sport .
Chicago is a fervid sports town – but one that never delivered the goods .
Yes , the White Sox from the city 's south side won baseball 's World Series three years ago .
But Chicago 's one recent genuine claim to global sporting fame was when Michael Jordan threw hoops for the Chicago Bulls .
Obama wears a White Sox cap when he delivers his daughters to school .
But the Sox 's exploits of 2005 are still overshadowed by those of 1919 , when they threw the series in what remains America 's biggest sporting scandal .
Rightly or wrongly , Chicago is perceived as a city of sporting failure .
Its signature team has been not the Bulls , but the Cubs , baseball 's eternal losers , beloved around the country precisely because they have n't won a World Series since 1908 .
This year the Cubs were reckoned to have their best chance in decades of breaking the jinx .
Yet again , they collapsed at the crucial moment .
Cubs aside , Chicago has had a pretty good century .
Much has been written about the city 's inferiority complex – the resentment , real and imagined , that the place has n't been given its due by a national media based on the East and West Coast .
It referred to itself as " the Second City " , acknowledging that New York was a good deal larger .
But for some , second city meant second best .
Today , Chicago is America 's third largest city , overtaken in population ( and celebrity ) by Los Angeles .
By some measures it ranks no higher than fourth , if you count the pivotal national capital , Washington DC .
Chicago has always wanted reassurance that it is a world - class city – even though its architecture , museums , universities and restaurants , not to mention the corporate headquarters and commodity exchanges clustered there , have long guaranteed that status and more .
Now there 's Obama .
These days , when the media talk about the " Chicago machine " , they 're not referring to mob operations of the Twenties and Thirties or the mayoral juggernauts of Daley or his son , who holds the job today .
The " machine " that matters most is the one run by Obama in 2008 that put together America 's best - run presidential campaign in a generation .
In David Axelrod , a journalist on the Chicago Tribune before becoming Obama 's top campaign adviser , the city has a political strategist to put the hottest shots in Washington to shame .
As media topics , the St Valentine 's Day Massacre and the gunning down of John Dillinger in 1934 have been supplanted by Obama 's favourite restaurants , by the neighbourhood where he worked as a community organiser , and the one near the University of Chicago where he lives – the latter now barricaded off by police .
Soon there will be tours of Obama - related sites , and whatever other enterprise a relentless pursuit of the buck may generate .
Everyone will want a piece of the action .
Not for nothing did Mike Royko , the late newspaper columnist , suggest the city 's motto should be changed from " Urbs in Horto " ( City in a Garden ) to " Ubi Est Mea ? " ( Where 's Mine ? ) .
But even Royko could n't have imagined the goody that may now fall into his city 's lap , courtesy of Obama 's victory .
Next October , the International Olympic Committee will decide where the 2016 summer games will be held .
Chicago is one of four finalists , along with Rio de Janeiro , Tokyo and Madrid .
Obama is already on the case .
Barely two weeks after his victory , he delivered a formal statement of support for his home town .
Political popularity is fickle .
But if Obama retains even half his current global following , Chicago must be favourite for the prize .
The place has hosted jamborees of every hue , from World 's Fairs to more than two dozen national political conventions – but never an Olympics .
Come 2016 , any lingering " world - class " doubts could be laid to rest for ever .
Windows / Mac / Linux : Opera released an alpha version of Opera 10 today , a first step toward the next major release of the popular cross- platform web browser .
First and foremost , Opera 10 is looking to offer stiff competition with the blazing rendering engines in the upcoming Firefox release ( Tracemonkey ) and Google Chrome ( V8 ) with an update to its rendering engine , Presto — which Opera claims offers a 30 % speed boost over the previous version of the engine .
But that 's not all .
Advertisement
Opera 10 has also added a few new features and overall standards improvements that should make any Opera user smile — including inline spell - check , full HTML email support for Opera 's built - in email client , and a perfect score on the Acid3 web standards test .
Advertisement
Passing Acid3
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Inline Spell - Check
Advertisement
Sure , Firefox had built - in spell - check since its release in October of 2006 , but any Opera user whose been waiting patiently for this feature should be thrilled .
Firefox 2 officially released
As we reported yesterday , Mozilla officially released Firefox 2 today along with a nice new revamp …
Read more
Advertisement
Full HTML Email
Advertisement
Updated Dragonfly
Advertisement
Developers will be happy to see that Dragonfly — Opera 's built - in tool for debugging web sites , similar to the Firebug extension in Firefox — has been updated with more and better features .
Opera 10 is a free download for all platforms .
Keep in mind that it 's currently in alpha ( the final release is n't likely to hit until somtime much later next year ) , meaning you should expect a bug or three .
That said , if you give it a try , let 's hear how you like it in the comments .
Advertisement
Opera 10
Psst -
Ted , get the steak sauce .
And the good forks .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Ex-official says Mexico may have to halt oil exports
The U.S. could soon find itself scrambling to make up 11 percent in lost oil imports .
Mexico , the third - largest foreign supplier of U.S. oil , faces the real possibility of having to halt oil exports in four years , a former top Mexican energy official was reported as saying Tuesday in Mexico ’s El Universal newspaper .
Rogelio Gasca Neri , the former head of Mexico ’s federal electricity commission , blamed the inability of the nation ’s oil industry to produce enough oil to meet rising demand .
His prediction comes on the heels of the Mexican Congress last month overturning decades of resistance to allowing private and foreign participation in Mexico ’s aging energy infrastructure .
Neri ’s comment , made in Mexico at a business forum on reforms in the nation ’s energy industry , also joins that of a growing number of energy experts who see an end to Mexican oil exports coming soon .
John Padilla , director of finance and advisory for IPD Latin America , argues that with Mexico ’s oil production falling , and its demand for gasoline and other petroleum products on the rise , Mexico could cease to be an oil exporter around 2010 or 2011 .
“ Mexico , whether it ’s 2011 , 2012 or 2015 , the country is poised to become a net importer , ” said Amy Jaffe , associate director of the Rice University energy program .
“ It ’s a tragedy really both for the country and in general .
The tragedy is it ’s avoidable .
It was avoidable and it could be avoidable if they would change their policies . ”
But “ the grim reality is Pemex ’s production is falling very dramatically , ” Padilla said this week of the state - owned energy company at a conference hosted by the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington , D.C .
For the U.S. , the end of Mexican oil exports means companies will have to find alternative suppliers .
“ Mexico has been a reliable and stable supplier , ” Jaffe said .
“ The only thing you have to worry about is a hurricane . ”
It takes 50 days for oil to arrive in the U.S. from Saudi Arabia , compared to five days from Mexico , she said .
Output falling
The Paris - based International Energy Agency , in a report issued last month , estimated Mexico ’s crude output would average 2.8 million barrels a day this year and then drop to about 2.6 million barrels a day in 2009 .
Mexico has long relied on production from the country ’s largest oil field , the offshore Cantarell field in the Bay of Campeche .
But Cantarell ’s output has been dropping precipitously .
Production at Cantarell peaked in 2004 at 2.14 million barrels a day , the U.S. Energy Information Administration reported .
During the first nine months of this year , Cantarell ’s production averaged less than 1.1 million barrels a day , and during September output dipped below 1 million barrels a day , Padilla said .
With Cantarell ’s output sliding , Mexican energy officials have pinned their hopes on the Chicontepec field , which holds 38 percent of the country ’s total reserves .
Last year , Chicontepec produced 31,000 barrels a day , Padilla noted .
The target for that field is 600,000 barrels a day .
But to achieve that goal , Padilla said , Pemex would have to drill more than 15,000 wells , and the state oil company to date has not come close to that .
More consumers
With a population expected to top 110 million by 2010 , Mexico ’s thirst for gasoline and other refined products is on the rise , although that growth softened as the credit crisis began gripping the world ’s economies .
Mexico currently has 17.2 million cars on the road , up from only 7.3 million in 1995 , Padilla said .
Mexico imports about 40 percent of the gasoline it uses , according to the International Energy Agency .
And Pemex has estimated that could grow to 50 percent next year .
Mexico is the United States ’ third - largest foreign oil supplier after Canada and Saudi Arabia , providing 1.4 million barrels of petroleum products a day , or about 11 percent of U.S. oil imports , according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration .
“ The big oil companies in Houston all import oil from Mexico , ” said George Baker , president of Houston - based Baker & Associates , Energy Consultants .
However , he casts doubt on the end of the oil exports .
“ Mexico ’s credit rating is linked to Mexico being an oil exporter .
That ’s the very last thing they are going to give up , is being an oil exporter , ” Baker said .
“ Whatever they have to do to make that not happen , they are going to do it . ”
jenalia.moreno@chron.com david.ivanovich@chron.com
Una persiana de seguridad es un elemento que muchas personas están utilizando en sus bienes , porque se trata de un elemento de seguridad que cumple con más de una función y eso es muy bueno , una de las razones es que además de proporcionar seguridad , puede ser decorativo .
Con las persianas de seguridad no solo se puede obtener seguridad , sino también comodidad de uso , además de otros beneficios , como protegerte contra las temperaturas extremas , ya que evitan que en la casa entre el sol excesivo , y también evita que entre el frio en el invierno .
Su instalación debe ser profesional
Debido a que son muchos los modelos de persianas en Barcelona , y si crees que las conocías todas , cuando vas a una tienda física o virtual , te das cuenta de que hay más modelos de los que te imaginas , y seleccionar una puede ser un tanto difícil .
Pero puedes recurrir en primera instancia a los cerrajeros , ellos pueden visitar tu casa , conversar contigo , ver el sitio en donde pretendes instalar la persiana y en relación a tus necesidades y la de tu bien , puede recomendarte un tipo de persiana que pueda ser efectiva para ti .
También es muy importante que si compras la persiana por ti mismo , no te pongas a instalarla tu solo , ya que puedes tener …
Published by Rafe Blandford at 8:17 UTC , December 2nd 2008
It features a 3.5 inch ( 360 x 640 resolution ) touchscreen with haptic feedback , 5 megapixel camera ( with Carl Zeiss optics and dual LED flash ) , A - GPS and compass sensors , comprehensive connectivity options ( WiFi , tri-band HSDPA , Bluetooth and USB ) , and 32 GB of internal flash memory .
Read on for more .
Nokia today announced the launch of the Nokia N97 .
It is the first touch - enabled Nseries device and has a horizontal tilt - slide form factor .
It transforms from a touch slate to a landscape QWERTY device .
The device , which has an Internet and entertainment focus , runs on S60 5th Edition , has a customisable , widget - based , home screen and full support for Ovi services .
The N97 is the most feature packed Nseries device to date and , by adding touch , it moves Nokia 's high end Nseries into direct competition with touch devices such as the Samsung Omnia , LG Renoir , Apple iPhone and G1 Android Phone .
Here are first few hand - ons impressions :
In the hand the N97 feels pleasingly solid , with an extremely impressive slide mechanism - it is obvious a lot of testing has gone into the hinge mechanism .
In slide closed mode it is equally solid , with no give .
The keyboard , while limited by design constraints , feels good , though as ever it 's difficult to come to any final conclusions with prototypes .
Subjectively , the ' feel ' and the design of the handset screams high end with materials that can not be fully appreciated in pictures ( it has that caress - ability x- factor ) .
It is a relatively large device , especially length - wise , but that 's inevitable given the size of the screen and the inclusion of a QWERTY keyboard .
There 's the usual plethora of hardware features , including sensors ( accelerometer , compass sensors and proximity sensors ) , integrated A - GPS , and connectivity options ( tri- band 3G , WiFi , Bluetooth and USB ) .
The large screen is a definite highlight - its widescreen 16:9 resolution is ideal for watching videos , but also works well for browsing the Internet .
The touch screen is very sensitive , and there have been further refinements to the home screen to enable easier finger touch usage ( the larger physical screen also helps with this ) .
The UI can also be driven from the keypad using the D - pad on the left hand side of the keyboard , together with the on - screen softkeys and home key .
S60 5th Edition has been updated to Nseries specifications for the N97 .
Extras include UPnP , Internet Radio and Nokia Photos applications and we can expect to see a lot more in this area before the phone is released .
We 'll report in greater detail in due course .
Key features of the phone :
Software :
Runs S60 5th Edition .
You can read more about S60 5th Edition in our Nokia 5800 preview .
However , the N97 will have the Nseries version of S60 , which means there will be a number of extra applications including Internet Radio , FM transmitter , Home media ( UPnP ) and Photos .
The home screen can be personalised with Internet - aware widgets ( based on WRT technology ) .
Examples included in the press photos include weather forecasts , social networking ( Facebook , Friendster , My Space ) status summaries , and media collections .
There are also indicators for time , profiles , email , application shortcuts and so on .
Text input is via on screen keyboard ( full screen QWERTY , pop-up QWERTY and alphanumeric ) , as is standard on S60 5th Edition , or handwriting recognition or via the QWERTY keyboard .
Fully compatible with Ovi services including Maps , Music , Share and Games .
Nokia Music store can be accessed from the device ( touch optimised version ) or from Nokia Music for the PC ( an iTunes - Windows application ) .
Nokia
Maps now supports high resolution satellite imagery , 3D buildings ( selected buildings ) and richer map meta data .
Pedestrian route finding and turn by turn , voice guided car navigation , are available as premium services .
Internet focus with WebKit based browser , comprehensive RSS feed support and runtime technologies including Flash , WRT ( widget ) .
Introduces the social location ( So - Lo ) concept ; the N97 has software that allows you to automatically update and share your location with friends and popular social networks .
' N - Gage compatible ' device , which indicates that the N - Gage platform will be touch enabled by the release date of the N97 .
The devices being demoed at Nokia World are running an early version of the software .
In the six months leading up to the release date it is likely to evolve considerably .
Hardware :
Physical dimensions : 117.2 x 55.3 x 15.9 mm ( 18.25 mm at camera area ) , and weighs approximately 150g .
Tilt form factor with horizontal slide to reveal full QWERTY keyboard .
The upper half of the device slides away from the bottom half and moves upwards in a diagonal direction .
The slide is impressively smooth and when closed feels very solid in the hand ( so much so its not immediately apparent it is a horizontal slide device ) .
There are three keys on the front of the device : send and end keys and a home / menu key .
On the left side of the device there is a slider lock and a microUSB port , on the top of the device is the power and 3.5 mm audio jack and on the right hand side are the volume keys and the camera capture key .
3.5 inch , 360 x 640 ( nHD ) resolution resistive touch TFT screen with 16 million colours .
The device can be driven using finger touch or stylus , or from the QWERTY keyboard .
Haptic feedback for screen touches .
This is provided via general vibra feedback , as on the Nokia 5800 .
5 megapixel camera with Carl Zeiss optics and dual LED flash .
The camera is covered by a sliding lens cover similar to that found on the N85 and N79 .
The camera is also used to record videos at VGA at 30 frames per seconds , but I 've seen a demo of it recording and playing video back in a 16:9 resolution mode ( also as on the 5800 ) .
The usual Share online application is present for uploading images and video to online services such as Flickr and Share on Ovi ( available services likely to be expanded before launch ) .
The camera is also used to record videos at VGA at 30 frames per seconds , but I 've seen a demo of it recording and playing video back in a 16:9 resolution mode ( also as on the 5800 ) .
The usual Share online application is present for uploading images and video to online services such as Flickr and Share on Ovi ( available services likely to be expanded before launch ) .
Integrated A - GPS and compass sensor ( magnetometer ) means that the N97 ' intuitively knows where it is ' and this is used by Nokia Maps , and for social location ; also embeds location information into images and video .
3.5 mm audio jack ( also used for TV - Out ) and built in stereo speakers .
Music playback time of one and half days ( 36 hours ) .
There 's also an FM radio and FM transmitter .
microUSB jack ( USB 2.0 HiSpeed ) and supports charging over USB
32GB of internal flash memory
microSD card slot with support for SDHC cards upto 16GB in size ( giving total potential memory of 48 GB )
WiFi , 3.5G ( tri - band HSDPA - 900 , 1900 and 2100 Mhz ) , quad - band GSM and Bluetooth connectivity ( various profiles including HID , SAP , A2DP and AVRCP ) .
1500 mAh battery ( BP - 4L - the same monster as that used in the E71 , E90 , 6650 and N800 ) .
There is no stylus built into the phone , but one will be included in the box .
The Nokia N97 is expected to ship in the first half of 2009 ( presumably in June ) with an estimated price of 550 Euro before taxes and subsidies .
The N97 ( 117.2 x 55.3 x 15.9 mm ) is larger than the 5800 ( 111 x 51.7 x 15.5 mm ) .
Compared to the iPhone ( 112 x 56.9 x 12.5 mm ) is a little taller , but slightly mm narrower .
Quite impressive given the incluion of a QWERTY keyboard .
N78 also shown .
Press release extract :
Nokia today unveiled the Nokia N97 , the world ’s most advanced mobile computer , which will transform the way people connect to the Internet and to each other .
Designed for the needs of Internet - savvy consumers , the Nokia N97 combines a large 3.5 ” touch display with a full QWERTY keyboard , providing an ‘ always open ’ window to favorite social networking sites and Internet destinations .
Nokia ’s flagship Nseries device introduces leading technology – including multiple sensors , memory , processing power and connection speeds – for people to create a personal Internet and share their ‘ social location . ’
“ From the desktop to the laptop and now to your pocket , the Nokia N97 is the most powerful , multi- sensory mobile computer in existence , ” said Jonas Geust , Vice President , heading Nokia Nseries .
“ Together with the Ovi services announced today , the Nokia N97 mobile computer adjusts to the world around us , helping stay connected to the people and things that matter most .
With the Nokia N97 , Nseries leads the charge in helping to transform the Internet into your Internet ” .
Second time 's a charm
" The Castaway " is not a very good book .
Published in 1908 , Hallie Ermine Rives ' novel opens with these deeply unpromising sentences :
" A cool breeze slipped ahead of the dawn .
It blew dim the calm Greek stars , stirred the intricate branches of olive trees inlaid in the rose - pearl facade of sky , bowed the tall , coral - lipped oleanders lining the rivulets , and crisped the soft wash of the gulf - tide .
It lifted the strong bronze curls on the brow of a sleeping man who lay on the sea - beach covered with a goatskin . "
A goatskin ?
Crisped the soft wash ?
The masochists among us can read more thanks to the magic of Google Books , but Rives ' story is n't notable for its prose as much as for its legacy .
The original publisher printed a notice in one edition demanding that the book not be sold or resold for less than one dollar , ever , by anyone .
The publisher ended up in court over this restriction , and the trial helped to produce the " first sale " doctrine that buyers have broad rights to do what they want ( subject to other laws , of course ) with something they have purchased .
Without that trial , you might not have the right to resell that old video game you have lying around , and you might have trouble hawking your used CDs .
Publishers do n't tend to like secondary markets , as they usually get no cut of the revenues .
But the first sale doctrine , ( relatively ) straightforward in the physical world , has been complicated by the easy copyability of digital works , the rise of EULAs , and the use of DRM and activation systems .
Did the Castaway decision also pave the way for you to sell your MP3s ?
And if not , what 's the legal status of all that digital media the young people spend so much money on at iTunes and Amazon ?
Do they own it ?
Can they sell it ?
What about those Steam games ?
Can you resell that unopened copy of AutoCAD even though the EULA forbids it ?
Welcome to the murky " post - sale " world in the digital age .
Hullabaloo over Bopaboo
This month saw some controversy over Bopaboo , a site that allows people to sell their MP3s online .
First sale doctrine would seem to allow the sale of digital goods , but the Bopaboo business model requires people to upload their music to the site before it can be sold — in other words , to make a copy .
As Fred von Lohmann of the Electronic Frontier Foundation points out to Ars , first sale law does not provide anyone with the right to make additional copies .
The new company would appear to be treading on ice of remarkable thinness here ; although it has some technology in place to forbid people from selling multiple copies of the same song , it knows nothing about the origin of those songs ( P2P ? i Tunes ? ) or whether they have been deleted after uploading .
This has been an issue for years — used book stores do n't know if sellers have a photocopy of the entire text stashed away at home — but digital products make the copying so much simpler as to seem like almost another class of works .
If Bopaboo has no mechanism for verifying deletions after an upload , it may find itself in the music industry 's legal crosshairs .
Except for one thing : Bopaboo has gone to the music labels and is currently seeking licenses for what it 's doing , with the goal of putting some kind of revenue sharing deal in place .
In other words , it 's seeking to give creators something they have long wished for : a piece of the secondary market .
Making money the second time around
It may seem axiomatic to consumers that a business or artisan makes its money only on the initial sale .
The carpenter who built your dining table does n't get a cut when you eventually hawk it on Craiglist , and Best Buy makes no money when you resell one of its computers to a friend .
This may seem like the natural order of things , but the content industries generally hate it .
The music and book businesses , in particular , have been vocal over the years about their displeasure with used record shops and secondhand book stores .
Rich Bengloff is the president of the American Association of Independent Music ( A2IM ) and he also sits on the board of the royalty - collection entity SoundExchange .
He tells
Ars that the industry is n't thrilled about used sales because they do n't compensate creators and investors .
When I ask how this differs from every other sale of used goods , Bengloff makes the point that , in other industries , there is often some money still to be made on used goods .
Car dealers continue to earn revenue through service and maintenance , while carpenters may need to repair the table or restain it .
With music , there 's no maintenance or service or even degradation of the product , no chance at all to earn anything in the future from it .
Bengloff says that the music industry has come to grips with used CD stores , though grudgingly .
" It exists and we have to be pragmatists , " he says , which is made easier by the fact that used CD are still " used . "
Jewel cases may be scratched , CDs may have scuffs , and booklets may be bent or missing .
Even if the industry can't share in the revenues , such stores are n't directly competing with new CD sellers , at least .
But digital resale shops would pose new challenges .
Put simply , the product they offer is simply too good .
" Used " versions of songs are n't actually " used " at all ; they 're perfect copies , as good as the day they traveled through the tubes and onto a user 's machine the first time .
So , if used copies of digital goods are sold at a lower price , consumers have no reason at all to use higher - priced services like iTunes or Amazon .
If used copies are sold at the same price , the store doing the selling is now in direct competition with those other stores , even though it does n't have to split any profit with labels or creators .
At the same time , digital resale shops may also offer some benefit to the industry .
Because the business model of stores like Bopaboo ( " great name , " says Bengloff ) may be dodgier than stores trafficking in physical goods , the labels have an opportunity to get a piece of the market in exchange for legal security .
Bopaboo's decision to seek licenses for its behavior is ( pun intended ) music to the ears of the music industry .
Brush King is a collection of high quality Photoshop Brushes .
You can download them for free and you can use them for your website design or other graphic creations .
Read more about us
Rusty 's Bleeding Edge Page Rusty 's Bleeding Edge Page What If I Don't Actually Like My Users ?
Here begins our descent into hell ; if an interface manages to achieve negative scores on the Hard To Misuse List , your users may detect the dull red glow of malignancy rather than incompetence .
- 1 . Read the mailing list thread and you 'll get it wrong .
If the first hit on Google when searching for the symptoms or how to use your interface leads to a convincing but incorrect answer , that puts your interface here .
- 2 . Read the implementation and you 'll get it wrong .
This happens most often when the implementation being read is not the one you which ends up being used .
Or maybe the implementation comes with test cases which all exercise the unnatural corners of the interface , which mislead instead of enlightening .
- 3 . Read the documentation and you 'll get it wrong .
Here 's my favorite ( now fixed ) example , from the glibc snprintf man page : RETURN VALUE snprintf and vsnprintf do not write more than size bytes ( including the trailing ' \0 ' ) , and return - 1 if the output was truncated due to this limit .
I was scanning the man page for the return value on overlength snprintfs ; now I 'd found it I stopped reading .
But here was the next sentence : ( Thus until glibc 2.0.6 .
Since glibc 2.1 these functions follow the C99 standard and return the number of characters ( exclud - ing the trailing ' \0 ' ) which would have been written to the final string if enough space had been available . ) - 4 . Follow common convention and you 'll get it wrong .
The usual example here is fputs ( ) and similar which take the context argument at the end instead of the start : int fputs ( const char *s , FILE * stream ) ;
But that does n't quite get down here : the compiler will warn if you get the argument order backwards ( or , if you prefer , forwards ) .
So again I reach to the Linux Kernel , this time for the list macros : void list_add ( struct list_head * new , struct list_head * head ) ; I now have this nailed into my brain , but for a long time I expected the ' head ' ( ie. the list I 'm adding to ) to be the first argument .
Of course , this would n't be such a problem if list heads and list entries were not exactly the same type .
- 5 . Do it right and it will sometimes break at runtime .
Every C programmer knows that malloc returns NULL on error : p = malloc ( bufsize ) ; if ( ! p ) { /*
Phew !
We can handle this ... */ backout_nicely ( ) ; exit ( 1 ) ; } Except malloc may also return NULL on zero - length allocations : something you 'll find out the hard way when your nice code which did n't special case 0 - length allocations breaks horribly on someone else 's machine .
- 6 . The name tells you how not to use it .
Sometimes we opt for changing behavior without changing a ( now - inappropriate ) name , knowing that existing users wo n't be broken by the new behaviour .
But do n't curse future users with a misleading name : if your project takes off , there will be far more of them than current users .
My example here is another Linux kernel one which bit me .
I was writing a block ( disk ) driver : it gets passed a struct request which consists of a series of chunks .
After servicing them , it calls end_request ( ) .
Only it turns out that ( for historical reasons ! ) this only ends the first chunk .
My block driver " worked " , but it was doing about N^2 / 2 times the work it needed to do for an N - chunk request .
( I did n't find that , the maintainer reviewing my code did ) . - 7 . The obvious use is wrong .
I 've been coding in C for about 20 years , and about five years ago I spent an hour chasing a case where I 'd done if ( strcmp ( arg , " foo " ) ) instead of if ( ! strcmp ( arg , " foo " ) ) .
Now I religiously # define streq ( a , b ) ( ! strcmp ( ( a ) , ( b ) ) ) because I know I 'm not as smart as I think I am .
Less " I'm obviously an idiot " is the behavior of strncpy ( ) which truncates the destination string without adding a NUL terminator .
Or char x [ 5 ] = " hello " ; which the C standards committee thought would be an excellent trap for newcomers ( and particularly stupid since there is a workaround if you really want an unterminated character array ) .
- 8 . The compiler will warn if you get it right .
The bind ( ) socket library call comes to mind here : it takes a struct sockaddr but you always have to cast to use it , as you will never have a struct sockaddr , but instead a struct sockaddr_in or some other specific type .
This one is almost excusable , although I 'd expect better from modern code . - 9 . The compiler / linker wo n't let you get it right .
This is hard to find in C , since the compiler will let you cast your way through almost anything .
Listed here for completeness .
- 10 .
It 's impossible to get right .
Unlike the first category , this final category is neither a paragon nor unattainable .
Some interfaces are so fundamentally flawed that they can't be used correctly .
Perhaps it can fail in a way you have to know about but it does n't return an error .
Perhaps it returns an error but you can do nothing about it .
In the Linux kernel there used to be interfaces which assumed single - threading , and are now unsafe .
Say you expose two functions called prepare ( ) and and action ( ) and expect the caller to do if ( prepare ( ) ) action ( ) ; .
This is broken if action ( ) relied on all the checks in prepare ( ) passing , and now conditions can change between the two .
That 's everything I know about interface design .
Now , go and make your own mistakes so you can have wise things to say about it !
[ / tech ] permanent link
John Mayer : " Jennifer Aniston Has My Back "
It 's about timeandstart talking about what we already know ... they 're back on with their relationship .
Mayer attended Annual Keep a Child Alive Ball last night and played around with the reporters .
Jokingly , John told a reporter from the Tyra Banks show that he was the next in line for a talk show and his will be called John .
But he changed his tune and got serious when asked about his relationship with Aniston .
" It 's really nice to have somebody in your life have your back .
That girl knows me ... so whether I go to bed alone or not , to have somebody who knows you in this world , that 's a really nice thing . "
Aww , how sweet !
Hopefully he has had Jen 's back this week with all the attention she has gotten for coming forward in Vogue magazine .
She finally broke her silence regarding ex-husbandand his partner
Turns out Aniston was really , really miffed by Jolie 's willingness to discuss her relationship with Brad on the set of Mr. & Mrs Smith while he was very much a married man .
Jen called Jolie " uncool " .
Brad and Angelina are reportedly shocked that Aniston has brought this up after so much time has elapsed .
Surely this has not been easy for Aniston .
Even her pal Oprah questioned the advisability of Aniston taking the late shot at Angelina .
We have the video of Oprah and Jen 's interview here .
It will air on November 18th and is definitely worth watching .
The Brera quarter has all the time been the artistic and cultural heart of the city , and there , in the showroom at Cors …
Gifts were handed out at the end of production .
Brando was given some drums , having hammered the skins since he was a boy .
He has said on several occasions that if he had n’t been an actor he would have been a drummer .
Brando ’s Vito Corleone was based on at least two real - life mob bosses : Vito Genovese , whose activities in the 1950s had done much to bring the mafia to the attention of the authorities , and rival “ Luciano family ” boss Frank Costello ( from whom Brando borrowed Don Vito ’s husky voice ) .
Photograph : Steve Shapiro / Taschen
More than 100,000 pairs of missing inflatable breasts intended for an Australian men's magazine promotion have turned up in Melbourne .
The shipment of plastic boobs from China had been missing for more than a week after Chinese officials lost the paperwork and put them on the wrong boat , a Ralph magazine spokeswoman said .
They had been due to dock in Sydney last week , but have since turned up at a Melbourne dock , where they 've been sitting for a week .
Workers are now frantically working to put them in bags to go out with the December 15 issue .
Ralph editor Santi Pintado said the incident had cost the magazine $ 30,000 .
Now troubled Amy Winehouse checks into hospital for chest infection
Amy Winehouse has checked into a London hospital for an ongoing health problem .
The troubled singer spent last week in the private London clinic , before leaving for a weekend at home with her father Mitch .
She returned to the clinic today to receive treatment for a chest infection , her publicist Tracey Miller confirmed .
Getting better ?
A plumper faced Amy Winehouse looked better than she has in months out in London this week
Last Friday , Amy was spotted leaving the clinic healthier than she had done in months .
Her sunken cheeks had filled out and her skin had a more healthy glow as she was pictured out in the capital .
Her hair , seen tangled and dishevelled so many times , was neatly tied up with a bow .
An onlooker said : ' She seemed to have colour in her cheeks for once and looked really perky .
Her face seemed to have filled out a little .
' Hopefully this means she has finally turned a corner . '
Perhaps the singer is finally heeding advice to improve her health after a series of scares .
Just a few weeks ago , she arrived at a pub to celebrate her 25th birthday underdressed and looking thinner than ever .
Then and now : A dishevelled Amy Winehouse in September ( L ) and looking ' really perky ' on Friday ( R )
Earlier this year , Miss Winehouse , who has fought a yearlong addiction to crack cocaine and heroin , collapsed with convulsions after a suspected overdose .
She has also had treatment for a lung condition and last year suffered ' severe exhaustion ' .
Drug dealers who sold a video of Miss Winehouse apparently smoking crack for £ 50,000 were warned by a court yesterday that the money could be seized .
mod_v8
Published December 23rd , 2008
After using Rhino for server side javascript at work , I can say I somewhat like server side javascript .
Others like Steve were already convinced a long time ago .
However , I do n’t really like being tied into the whole Java world because of it .
When Google released their v8 Javascript Engine earlier this year , I always wanted to build an Apache Module for it .
This afternoon I had some time , and so I created mod_v8 .
It does n’t do much beyond a Hello World right now , but it is as simple as this :
ap.write ( " Hello World ! " ) ;
I ’m not sure if I will spend time making it a proper project , I really want to spend more time on making httpd 2.4 before getting too distracted with shiny things …
All of us at Madison Avenue Furs hope you have enjoyed a safe , healthy and peaceful summer .
Hard to believe it ’s almost over .
We know it was an extended time for so many of you
First of all , I would like to apologise for not posting in this past few days .
I ’m not being lazy , but actually I spend more time with my family and ‘ trying hard ’ to cut myself from the Internet , including blogging .
In my free time , instead of blogging , I create mini plans that will guide me throughout 2009 .
If you have n’t got any plan for 2009 , I urge you to start right now , as planning is very , very important .
My 2009 focus – ready to surf the big wave of economic recovery !
Why planning is essential
To me , planning is like setting up your own carrot to chase .
What ’s amazing about human being is , that we are adaptable in every situation and in each of us , there is a always an urge to get more with less effort .
Some of you would n’t agree with me .
“ No !
I like to earn what I receive – so I ’ll work hard for better result , ” you say .
I ’ll say , “ Yes , but would n’t it be wonderful if you get more with less effort , and focus the extra free energy to achieve more in life ? ”
‘ More ’ is not all about money .
‘ More ’ is all about your vision , desire and goals in life .
‘ More ’ could mean giving back more to the community – Like Oprah ’s Big Gift , for example .
‘ More ’ could also mean more time for your family .
And so on – There are many other things in life NOT related to making more money .
Eventually , planning makes your effort more focused on what ’s important .
Master your planning will bring you to business opportunities and many more !
The best bet is to create mini plans
I love mini plans – they are more achievable and reward you in every small achievement you make .
You can start with mini plans of many , if not every , facets of your life – your personal finance mini plan , your relationship mini plan , your business mini plan , your investment mini plan , your personal endeavour mini plan , and so on .
The possibilities are limitless , really .
Here ’s some of my plans …
‘ Care to share yours ?
If you asked me , what ’s my plan for the year 2009 , here ’s a bit of the snap shot …
Business mini plan ‘ Liquidates ’ some of my web properties to invest in new , off line , business in Q1 2009 .
Starts and acquires micro businesses to spread out risks , while getting ready for the big wave of economic recovery , that will eventually come , somehow .
Pay off bad business debts .
Sell one of my non-productive small business in Q1 2009 .
Build a blog network that mimic B5 Media – not in size , though .
Start an affordable web design and services business with primary operation online .
Partner with relatives abroad to set up micro ex-im business .
Investment mini plan Invest in a cash flow producing low - end real estate – preferably in Government - subsidised apartments for tax and other incentives .
Invest in silver , before it ’s all too late .
Invest in gold , if and only if gold prices drop – hopefully ( it ’s too high right now . )
Partner with a investment broker for insider info in trade for brokerage fees .
Personal finance mini plan Achieve $ 1500 per month from online business – no latter than Q2 2009 .
Utilise credit cards more for business purposes , aiming for rewards from the issuers .
Diversify my assets – stay away from saving account and certificate of deposit – Move my savings in USD to Euro .
Consider moving my personal assets into a business entity to avoid excessive tax ( the legal way , though . )
Buy another laptop for better work effectiveness !
So , there ’s there .
Please share some of your mini plans , or your New Year resolution if you prefer , by commenting on this post :)
Ivan Widjaya
Happy holiday !
Image by husin.sani .
The incident in Baghdad in September 2007 sparked anger across Iraq Blackwater could be denied a licence to operate in Iraq , rendering it unable to provide security for US diplomats , a US State Department internal report says .
The report , commissioned by Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , said the department should look for other ways to protect diplomats , US media said .
Ms Rice ordered a review of the use of private security firms after Blackwater guards killed 17 Iraqi civilians .
Five guards have been charged with manslaughter over the shootings .
The incident triggered outrage in Iraq and led to a debate about the role there of private security companies - upon which the US relies heavily .
Earlier , the Associated Press news agency reported that the report recommended against renewing Blackwater 's contract , citing an official linked to the report .
But that specific recommendation was not included in the report itself , AP said later .
A recommendation would not be made until the investigation into the civilian shootings was complete , it quoted the same official as saying .
Scrutiny Based in North Carolina , Blackwater was one of the first private security firms to work in Iraq following the US - led takeover .
It provides guards and security for American and other diplomats in the country .
But the company has been under intense scrutiny since its guards opened fire at a busy Baghdad intersection in September 2007 , killing 17 Iraqi civilians .
Blackwater says the guards ' convoy came under attack from insurgents .
Five of its employees have now been charged in the US with manslaughter and other offences , but the company itself has not faced charges .
Blackwater 's contract with the US government comes up for renewal early next year - so the decision on whether to renew it will be taken by US President - elect Barack Obama 's administration .
It is not clear how the US might replace Blackwater .
But the report recommended that the State Department increased the presence of its Diplomatic Security Service in Iraq , AP said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
From his prepared remarks in Pueblo , Colorado :
President Bush is sitting out the last few days before the election .
But earlier today , Dick Cheney came out of his undisclosed location and hit the campaign trail .
He said that he is , and I quote , “ delighted to support John McCain . ”
I ’d like to congratulate Senator McCain on this endorsement because he really earned it .
That endorsement did n’t come easy .
Senator McCain had to vote 90 percent of the time with George Bush and Dick Cheney to get it .
He served as Washington ’s biggest cheerleader for going to war in Iraq , and supports economic policies that are no different from the last eight years .
So Senator McCain worked hard to get Dick Cheney ’s support .
But here ’s my question for you , Colorado : do you think Dick Cheney is delighted to support John McCain because he thinks John McCain ’s going to bring change ?
Do you think John McCain and Dick Cheney have been talking about how to shake things up , and get rid of the lobbyists and the old boys club in Washington ?
Colorado , we know better .
After all , it was just a few days ago that Senator McCain said that he and President Bush share a “ common philosophy . ”
And we know that when it comes to foreign policy , John McCain and Dick Cheney share a common philosophy that thinks that empty bluster from Washington will fix all of our problems , and a war without end in Iraq is the way to defeat Osama bin Laden and the al Qaeda terrorists who are in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
So George Bush may be in an undisclosed location , but Dick Cheney ’s out there on the campaign trail because he’d be delighted to pass the baton to John McCain .
He knows that with John McCain you get a twofer : George Bush ’s economic policy and Dick Cheney ’s foreign policy – but that ’s a risk we cannot afford to take .
Devastated Stellar Neighborhood
This image from NASA 's Spitzer Space Telescope shows the nasty effects of living near a group of massive stars : radiation and winds from the massive stars ( white spot in center ) are blasting planet - making material away from stars like our sun .
The planetary material can be seen as comet - like tails behind three stars near the center of the picture .
The tails are pointing away from the massive stellar furnaces that are blowing them outward .
The picture is the best example yet of multiple sun-like stars being stripped of their planet - making dust by massive stars .
The sun - like stars are about two to three million years old , an age when planets are thought to be growing out of surrounding disks of dust and gas .
Astronomers say the dust being blown from the stars is from their outer disks .
This means that any Earth - like planets forming around the sun - like stars would be safe , while outer planets like Uranus might be nothing more than dust in the wind .
This image shows a portion of the W5 star - forming region , located 6,500 light - years away in the constellation Cassiopeia .
It is a composite of infrared data from Spitzer 's infrared array camera and multiband imaging photometer .
Light with a wavelength of 3.5 microns is blue , while light from the dust of 24 microns is orange - red .
Image credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech / Harvard - Smithsonian CfA
Click the play button to see what Jack and our viewers had to say .
( PHOTO CREDIT : GETTY IMAGES )
FROM CNN's Jack Cafferty :
President - elect Barack Obama won the White House on a message of change .
Fifty - three percent of Americans said they wanted something new and different in Washington .
Well , Obama is certainly new and different , but the same cannot be said for some of his early appointments .
It 's like that song title , " Everything Old Is New Again . "
As Obama prepares to take over , he 's asking a bunch of former Clinton Administration members to come on board .
John Podesta , who is overseeing the Obama transition team , is a former Clinton White House Chief of Staff .
Rahm Emmanuel , who will serve as Obama 's Chief of Staff , is a former Clinton aide .
The president - elect 's choice for Attorney General , Eric Holder , served in the Clinton administration as deputy attorney general under Janet Reno .
And Peter Orszag , who has been picked to head Obama 's Office of Management and Budget , worked at the Clinton White House as a special assistant to the president at the National Economic Council .
Watch : Cafferty : Former Clinton Admin ?
And then , of course , there 's Hillary .
The former first lady and current junior senator from New York has been asked about the Secretary of State position .
And if she gets the job , we get Bill back by association .
More than half of those named to Obama 's transition or staff posts so far have ties to the Clinton administration
Here ’s my question to you :
What message is Barack Obama sending by surrounding himself with so many former members of the Clinton Administration ?
Interested to know which ones made it on air ?
Gia from Los Angeles , California writes :
I think the primary reason that Obama is picking a lot of “ Clinton - ites ” is that he wants people around him with quality experience , who know what they 're doing and how the system works , so that they can effectively implement his vision for change .
I think it also allays the fears of those people who did n't vote for Obama because they were concerned about his lack of experience .
Shane from Montreal , Quebec writes :
It 's about picking smart and able people who know how government works .
I 'd like to see him pick Chuck Hagel and Colin Powell also .
These are very smart and moderate Republicans who can help him .
Obama knows what he 's doing .
I 'm not worried .
Eileen from Peabody , Massachusetts writes :
I do n't think President - elect Obama is sending any message yet .
He is surrounding himself with former Clinton staffers for now , but his list of vacant positions is still enormously long .
Let 's take stock when a good number of cabinet positions are filled .
Steve from Green Bay , Wisconsin writes :
He 's sending the message that he is " lipstick on a pig " .
It may have a shiny new face , but with the appointment of Hillary as Secretary of State , and all the other appointments , the Obama Presidency will merely be " The Clintons : Part 2 " , which will lead to Hillary winning in 2016 , which will be " Clintons : Part 3 " .
I could n't be more disappointed in someone I truly believed to be " change . ”
Steve from Hohenwald , Tennessee writes :
Well it sounds like he`s playing the safe bet .
I was hoping he would be a little more daring than that .
I would like to go in a brave , new direction .
George writes :
If you do n't remember how well the country was doing when Bill Clinton was President , then you need a refresher course in how a government is supposed to be run instead of what the Bushies have done to it .
Bill Clinton had some of the smartest people in the country in his administration , and they would be a great asset to Obama once he becomes President .
Millions of people have paid money for the fake security products
The US government has moved to shut down sellers of fake security software .
The Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) has won a restraining order that stops several sellers of " scareware " from continuing to trade .
Millions of people are thought to have been caught out by the software which , once installed , issues false alerts about viruses and illegal porn .
The FTC is pursuing further legal action to win a permanent ban on those peddling the scareware .
Frozen funds
Court papers submitted by the FTC show that the peddlers of the fake security software tricked websites into advertising their products .
The companies behind the fake security software won customers via adverts on many popular websites .
Anyone clicking on an advert was taken to the webpages run by the fake security firms which then ran a " scan " looking for security problems .
The popularity of the rogue anti-virus and spyware products has rocketed
Yuval Ben-Itzhak , Finjan Every scan found a host of security problems and urged visitors to buy software to fix them .
Typically the scans found evidence of viruses , spyware and , in some cases , illegal pornography .
" However , " said the FTC , " the scans were entirely false . "
In its legal action the FTC targeted two firms : Innovative Marketing , Inc. and ByteHosting Internet Services , LLC .
The fake security products the firms were peddling were : WinFixer , WinAntivirus , DriveCleaner , ErrorSafe , and XP Antivirus .
A US District court granted an injunction which stops Innovative Marketing and ByteHosting Internet Services from continuing to advertise their products , and from making false claims about their efficacy .
It has also asked firms hosting the websites owned by these firms to block customers from accessing them .
And it has also frozen the assets of the two companies so it can reclaim cash and refund those caught out .
More than one million US citizens and many more around the world are thought to have been caught out by the " scareware " scam .
" The popularity of the rogue anti-virus and spyware products has rocketed , " said Yuval Ben-Itzhak , chief technology officer at security firm Finjan .
" People are paying 40 - 60 dollars for bogus software which does nothing , " he said , adding that Finjan research suggests up to five million people around the world have fallen victim to the huge number of firms selling " scareware " .
Dan Hubbard , chief technology officer at Websense , said many " scareware " firms ran very sophisticated operations .
Many use search engines to ensure web users see their adverts and tune their products to each territory .
" They seem to know the law in different regions , " he said .
" They monetise it very well . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Civil unions are an inadequate substitute for marriage .
Creating a separate , new legal structure to confer some benefits on same - sex couples neither honors American ideals of fairness , nor does it grant true equality .
The results are clearly visible in New Jersey , which continues to deny same - sex couples some of the tangible civil benefits that come with marriage .
Gov. Jon Corzine of New Jersey has long said that he would sign a measure granting the right to marry to couples of the same sex .
We are heartened that he has declared that that should happen sooner rather than later .
We hope Mr. Corzine intends to prod legislators into passing such a law early in the 2009 session .
That would make New Jersey the first state to legalize marriage for same - sex couples through legislative action .
Three other states  Connecticut , Massachusetts and California  have done so through the courts .
Unfortunately , California voters approved a ballot measure in November rescinding that right , at least for now .
Mr. Corzine made his statement after a state commission released its final report on New Jersey ’s two - year - old civil union law .
The commission noted the hurt and stigma inflicted by shutting out gay people from the institution of marriage .
It also found that civil unions do not assure gay couples of the same protections , including the right to collect benefits under a partner ’s health insurance program and to make medical decisions on behalf of a partner who is unable to do so .
The panel concluded unanimously that the state should enact a law to remove the inequities .
The fatal shooting of a teenager has plunged Greece into chaos after ferocious rioting which saw police and protestors battling each other on the streets .
Around 150 masked youths , who barricaded themselves into the Polytechnic University in Athens , attacked security forces on Monday morning with firebombs and stones .
Police , who had exhausted their supplies of tear gas , defended themselves by throwing stones , according to media reports .
Hundreds of students who had taken part in the attacks sought refuge in the Polytechnic and Economic universities , where police cannot enter under Greek law .
The chaos also continued in other areas .
Houses and shops were set on fire and smoke bombs and stones flew through the air .
So far , the riots have caused 40 injuries , with one woman who was among the most seriously - hurt taken to hospital with head wounds , and have seen 13 arrests .
How did the riots - Greece 's worst in decades - come about ?
The catalyst was the death of a 15 - year - old schoolboy on Saturday , who was apparently shot dead by police .
A blurry video on internet site YouTube partly shows what happened :
Two shots can be heard and then two men are seen running away from the scene of the crime .
Eyewitnesses claimed that the two men were policemen , who offered no help to the dying boy .
The police have said that a police patrol car was attacked by 30 youths .
The two men fled and in doing so had let off a ‘ flashbang ’ stun grenade and fired warning shots .
A bullet - which the police saw was a ricochet - hit 15 - year - old Andreas Grigoropoulos in the chest .
Both policemen and their supervisors have been suspended .
The man who fired the shot has been charged with manslaughter , his colleague with complicity .
Latest news Bundesbank shock German economy will shrink in 2009
The Bundesbank says the German economy will shrink by 0.8 per cent in 2009 , despite the Bundesrat approving a multi-billion - Euro recovery plan .
The death has had dramatic consequences as the confrontations between masked demonstrators and police took place across the country .
During the chaos on Saturday night , around 31 shops , a new bank and 25 cars in the Athens shopping area of Exarchia were burned or destroyed .
Six police cars were also targeted , according to authorities .
A three - storey shopping centre in the main shopping street Ermou went up in flames and burning barricades were set up on the streets .
Amongst the shops hit were international chains Benetton and H&M .
Other small shops were also destroyed in the onslaught , but smaller restaurants in the central Syntagma Square were unaffected .
Riots continued on Sunday as more than 1,000 people gathered for a protest march against the Athens police which descended into chaos amid more firebombs .
Masked youths belonging to an anti-authoritarian group broke shop windows and car windscreens and set rubbish bins on fire as a barricade .
Banks and shops also went up in flames .
The situation has expanded into other areas - demonstrators also took to the streets in Salonki in northern Greece , Thessaloniki and in Herakleion in Crete .
Will the riots have political consequences ?
Interior Minister Prokopis Pavlopoulos and his deputy have already offered to resign , although Prime Minister Konstantinos Karamanlis has so far refused to do so .
An Australian man has been charged with attempted murder in Italy after allegedly trying to kill his cousin and aunt during an argument over a family will .
Lino Bertacco , 64 , from Melbourne , is being held in custody after a court in Italy 's north heard claims about how he attacked his relatives while trying to blow up their home .
Bertacco is alleged to have flown to Marostica on 8 October with all the money he possessed , about 7000 euro ( $ 13,000 ) .
Researchers at Northwestern University have discovered a critical new way a man can transmit the HIV virus to a woman .
Scientists had long believed that the normal lining of the female vaginal tract was an effective barrier to invasion of the HIV virus during sexual intercourse .
They thought the large HIV virus could n't penetrate the tissue .
But new research from Northwestern University 's Feinberg School of Medicine has shown for the first time that the HIV virus does indeed penetrate a woman 's normal , healthy genital tissue to a depth were it can gain access to its immune cell targets .
" This is an unexpected and important result , " said Thomas Hope , principle investigator and professor of cell and molecular biology at the Feinberg School .
" We have a new understanding of how HIV can invade the female vaginal tract . "
" Until now , science has really had no idea about the details of how sexual transmission of HIV actually works , " Hope added .
" The mechanism was all very murky . "
Hope , his Northwestern colleagues , and collaborators at Tulane University discovered that interior vaginal skin is vulnerable to HIV invasion at the level where it naturally sheds and replaces skin cells , a point where the cells are not as tightly bound together .
He will present his findings December 16 at the American Society for Cell Biology 48th annual meeting in San Francisco .
advertisement
Women and female adolescents now account for 26 percent of all new HIV cases in the U.S. , according to the Centers for Disease Control .
Based on its most recent analysis of 2005 data , the CDC estimated that there were 56,300 new HIV infections that year and traced 31 percent of the total to high - risk heterosexual contact .
More than half of the new cases of HIV infection worldwide are in women .
Hope said he hopes his findings , if confirmed by future studies , will provide information to help develop microbicides and vaccines to protect against HIV .
" We urgently need new prevention strategies or therapeutics to block the entry of HIV through a woman 's genital skin , " Hope said .
While condoms are 100 % effective in blocking the virus , " people do n't always use them for cultural and other reasons , " he noted .
By labeling the HIV viruses with photo - activated fluorescent tags , Northwestern researchers were able to view the virus as it penetrated the outermost lining of the female genital tract , called the squamous epithelium , in female human tissue obtained from a hysterectomy and in animal models .
Researchers found that HIV penetrated the genital skin barrier primarily by moving quickly -- in just four hours -- between skin cells to reach 50 microns beneath the skin , a depth similar to the width of a human hair .
This is the depth at which some of the immune cells targeted by HIV are located .
advertisement
HIV penetration was more common in the outermost superficial layers of skin and likely occurred during the normal turnover and shedding of skin cells .
In the shedding process , the skin cells are no longer as tightly bound together so water -- and HIV -- can easily enter .
" As pieces of the skin flake off , that 's the loose point in the system where the virus can get in , " Hope said .
Previously , scientists thought that the HIV virus invaded a woman 's immune system through the single layer of skin cells that line her cervical canal .
" That was always thought to be the weak point in the system , " Hope said .
However , a previous trial in Africa in which women used a diaphragm to block the cervix did not reduce transmission .
Nor are women who have had hysterectomies less vulnerable to contracting HIV through sex .
Hope said researchers had also believed the only way HIV could enter the vaginal tract was if a woman had an open lesion on her skin , for example caused by the herpes virus .
When breaks are present in the skin it should be easier for HIV to enter the skin and bind to and infect immune cells .
But in studies where women were given anti-herpes drugs to decrease their lesions , there was no decrease in transmission .
In light of the new results , it is possible that HIV can enter the vaginal tissue and initiate infection without any physical breaks .
" A big mistake in this field is the idea that transmission only takes place one way , " Hope said .
" Our perspective is the viruses can infect people in more than one way .
We say one of those ways that needs to be in the equation is that the virus can be transmitted directly through the skin . "
The next step will be to prove that the virus actually infects the immune cells in the vaginal tract .
" A key experiment in the future is to identify the first cells to get infected in the epithelium , which is not necessarily where people would have looked for them before , " Hope said .
Mediterranean meal elevates hummus from dip to dinner
photographed Thursday , October 30 , 2008 , in the San Francisco Chronicle Studio .
Thor Swift For the San Francisco ChronicleHummus for Amanda Berne 's Accidental Vegetarian Column photographed Thursday , October 30 , 2008 , in the San Francisco Chronicle Studio .
Thor Swift For the San Francisco Chronicle less photographed Thursday , October 30 , 2008 , in the San Francisco Chronicle Studio .
Thor Swift For the San Francisco ChronicleHummus for Amanda Berne 's Accidental Vegetarian Column photographed Thursday , October 30 , ... more Photo : Thor Swift , The Chronicle Photo : Thor Swift , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Mediterranean meal elevates hummus from dip to dinner 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Northern California is undeniably a haven for all sorts of foodstuffs , from fresh seasonal produce to top - notch regional Chinese and Vietnamese fare .
Tacos that taste straight out of Mexico City , or dosa that would make your Indian grandmother cry , are only a few of the tempting options .
But when it comes to great Eastern Mediterranean dishes - hummus , falafel , ful ( fava beans , pronounced " fool " ) - many places simply can't compete with what I fell in love with in New York .
There are some exceptions - I could bathe in the hummus at Goood Frikin Chicken in San Francisco .
But my favorite place is a tiny restaurant in New York 's East Village called Hummus Place .
Its equally minuscule menu features the namesake garbanzo bean puree whipped into submission , resulting in a thick , ultra -creamy version .
Purists order it unadorned but for a swirl of olive oil .
For a heartier meal , it comes topped with saucy chickpeas or lightly dressed favas .
Fluffy hot pita is the perfect dipper , and a chopped salad of tomato and cucumber is zippy enough to cut through the richness .
While hummus as a meal might seem alien to those who relegate it to a dip for carrot sticks , it actually makes perfect sense .
Think of polenta , risotto , grits or mashed potatoes - all creamy counterpoints or a base for a rich dish or stew .
But garbanzo beans also are a great source of dietary fiber , calcium and protein .
In Israel and Lebanon , it 's not uncommon to find a meal of pita , hummus and ful as breakfast .
The nutty paste easily sustains a person until lunch .
Hummus tricks
There are a few tricks to making hummus you want to bathe in .
First is the quality of ingredients .
Try to use the best you can possibly get your hands on .
Whole , dried garbanzo beans make the resulting hummus taste fresher .
They should be soaked overnight to ensure even cooking .
Also , use good - quality olive oil .
This recipe calls for much less oil than many other hummus recipes , so make sure it 's top - notch , as you want the flavor to shine through .
I also use whole cumin seeds , which stay fresh longer , and toast and grind them myself .
If you are using jarred ground cumin , you may have to add up to a teaspoon more , depending on the age of the spice .
Whether using a blender or a food processor , a big trick to making an ultra-creamy hummus , without the addition of tons of fat , is to process it much longer than you would think .
Taste the hummus throughout , and if there is any bit of graininess , keep blending .
The finished recipe should be light , airy , almost the texture of whipped cream , but heavier ( think cake batter ) .
Let it rest
After you make the hummus , cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes ( an hour is better ) to let the flavors settle .
The hummus will keep a few days , but if that 's your plan , cut back on some of the garlic , which becomes more pungent with each passing day .
To make a full meal out of the hummus , rather than just a dip , make a pot of ful while you are cooking the garbanzo beans .
Ful is originally an Egyptian dish , often eaten at breakfast , of favas cooked slowly , then tossed with lemon , oil and garlic .
It can be tinkered with any way the cook prefers - spice level , more or less lemon or garlic , and dried or fresh favas .
Favas , a celebrated Middle Eastern bean , come in a few different dried forms .
I 've tried ful recipes with both skinless and skin - on favas .
The skinless take much less time to cook , but do n't have the same creaminess as the skin - on kind .
Older favas , which have tougher skin , may need to be peeled .
Peel them after boiling and cooling just enough to handle .
They should still be warm when tossed in the dressing .
Just for kicks , harissa , whether homemade or store - bought , allows you to make the hummus as spicy as you like .
Add a few pickles , tomatoes and cucumbers , and perhaps a slice of creamy Israeli feta for a full meal , with extras to keep you nibbling for days .
Hummus Serves 8
Hummus will keep , covered and refrigerated , for up to 3 days .
1 1/2 cup dried garbanzo beans
1 1/2 teaspoon coarse salt + more to taste
1/2 cup tahini
1/4 cup olive oil
1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin + more to taste
2 garlic cloves
-- Juice from 1 lemon + more to taste
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
-- Ful ( see recipe )
Garnishes :
1 small red onion , finely diced
4 hard - boiled eggs , cut into wedges
1/2 cup fresh cilantro leaves
1/2 cup torn mint leaves
-- Harissa ( see recipe ) , to taste Instructions : Soak garbanzo beans overnight in enough water to cover by 2 inches .
Drain and rinse well .
Place in a pot , cover with water by 2 inches , and bring to a boil over high heat .
Reduce heat to medium , cover and simmer until tender , about 1 1/ 2 hours , adding more water if needed .
( Depending on the age of the beans , cooking times can vary by about 30 minutes .
Start checking beans at 1 hour . )
Remove from heat , add salt and let cool in cooking liquid .
Using a slotted spoon , transfer chickpeas to a food processor or blender , reserving liquid .
Pulse until coarsely pureed .
Add tahini and process until smooth .
Add olive oil , cumin , garlic , lemon juice and pepper , and process for at least 2 minutes and up to 5 .
Adjust consistency with cooking liquid , if necessary .
Hummus should have the consistency of thick whipped cream .
The mixture will be smooth , but taste it .
If there is any grittiness , keep pureeing until the mixture is completely smooth and creamy .
Adjust seasoning with salt , cumin and lemon , adding more if desired .
Cover and refrigerate at least 30 minutes .
To serve , top the hummus with Ful .
Garnish with the onion , eggs , cilantro , mint and harissa .
Per serving : 440 calories , 17 g protein , 36 g carbohydrate , 27 g fat ( 4 g saturated ) , 106 mg cholesterol , 881 mg sodium , 10 g fiber .
Ful Makes 2 cups 1 1/2 cup dried brown fava beans , peeled or unpeeled
1 garlic clove , minced
1/4 cup olive oil
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 1/2 teaspoons salt + more to taste
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
1 lemon , juiced Instructions : Soak fava beans overnight in enough water to cover by 2 inches .
Drain and rinse well .
Place in a pot , cover with water by 2 inches , and bring to a boil over high heat .
Reduce heat to medium , cover and simmer until tender but not mushy , adding more water if needed , about 30 minutes for peeled beans , or 1 hour for unpeeled .
( Depending on the age of the beans , cooking times can vary by about 30 minutes .
Start checking unpeeled beans at 45 minutes . )
Drain , then toss with the remaining ingredients .
Let stand at least 30 minutes .
Adjust seasoning with lemon juice and salt before serving .
Have you ever considered just how funny a lot of movies could be , if only the producers had cast Muppets instead of humans ?
I mean , if you think the Terminator movies could n't get any more awesome , imagine them with Animal playing Schwarzenegger 's role .
Hear Animal saying " Come with me if you want to live " in your head , and try not to laugh .
Now that you 've got the idea , here are ten cast lists for movies ( including that one ) that would be made awesome or even more awesome by the replacement of the core actors with Muppets :
1. The Terminator & Terminator 2 : Judgment Day - Animal is perfect for the Terminator — he 's menacing and monosyllabic .
Obviously Miss Piggy has to be Sarah Connor , since the Muppets do n't have a lot of female characters and because Piggy is really good at kicking butt .
Add in Kermit as Kyle Reese ( for the romance angle ) and then it follows that Robin ought to be John Connor .
The last couple follow pretty naturally , since the only one who could play the T - 1000 is Gonzo .
The Terminator : Animal
Sarah Connor : Miss Piggy
Kyle Reese : Kermit
John Connor : Robin
T-1000 : Gonzo
Miles & Tarissa Dyson : Dr. Bunsen Honeydew & Beaker
2. Star Wars Episodes IV , V , and VI - Most Muppet pastiches of Star Wars have Kermit as Luke and Piggy as Leia , but they never consider the fact that they 're supposed to be twins , and besides , Luke is whiny in a very non-Kermitlike way .
I think Kermit 's much better as Obi-Wan , the wise warrior , and Link Hogthrob makes the perfect Luke .
Most people pick Gonzo as Vader , but I like him better as the scoundrel hero Han Solo , especially since Gonzo was always in love with Miss Piggy .
I think the Swedish Chef makes the perfect Chewbacca , as he 's tall and hard to understand .
That does n't leave many choices for Vader ; Fozzie 's all wrong , but I think Rizzo could pull it off .
Luke : Link Hogthrob
Leia : Miss Piggy
Han Solo : Gonzo
Chewbacca : The Swedish Chef
Obi-Wan Kenobi : Kermit
Darth Vader : Rizzo
Yoda : Yoda ( He 's already a Muppet ! )
3. Casablanca -
The initial temptation is to cast Kermit as Rick , but I think Kermit is better as the utterly noble Victor Laszlo , with Miss Piggy as Ilsa by his side .
Gonzo is much better as Rick , with his internal , and external , conflict between love , revenge , and the right thing to do .
Rowlf is Sam , for who else could be ?
Captain Renault is a tough part to play , but I think Fozzie has the right cavalier attitude for the role .
Rick Blaine : Gonzo
Ilsa Lund Laszlo : Miss Piggy
Victor Laszlo : Kermit
Captain Renault : Fozzie
Sam : Rowlf
Signor Ferrari : Sam the Eagle
4 . The Indiana Jones series - Kermit as Indy , of course .
Piggy as Marion .
Probably Robin as Mutt , if you include the latest movie , making it that much funnier that the familial relationship is n't obvious to Indy .
Fozzie would make a good Henry Jones , Sr. , both because he would bring a lot of humor to the role and because he would look good in Henry 's hat .
Janice as Willie Scott .
I think Elsa would be best played by a human , because it would make her betrayal of Indy that much more dramatic , so we 'll skip her .
Indiana Jones : Kermit
Marion Ravenwood : Miss Piggy
Henry Jones , Sr. : Fozzie
Willie Scott : Janice
Mutt Williams : Robin
Rene Belloq : The Swedish Chef ( why not ? )
Marcus Brody : Scooter
Sallah : Gonzo
( More after the jump . )
5. Blade Runner -
Here 's where Kermit 's acting chops get a workout , as he plays the gritty Deckard hunting down replicants .
Miss
Piggy is the beautiful replicant Rachael , and Gonzo plays the lead replicant Roy Batty .
The other replicants are the members of the
Electric Mayhem .
Just imagine Janis running through the streets of future L.A. in the rain with Kermit chasing her , or Gonzo delivering
Batty 's famous dying speech .
Those scenes are lot funnier this way , are n't they ?
Rick Deckard : Kermit
Rachael : Miss Piggy
Roy Batty : Gonzo
Leon : Floyd
Zhora : Janice
Dr. Tyrell : Dr. Bunsen Honeydew
6. E.T. : The Extra-Terrestrial - Remember how touching it was when E.T. raised his head skyward , lifted his hand , and said " Phone home ? "
Now , imagine Animal doing it ... much better , is n't it ?
Animal has the big soulful eyes , the uneven gait , and the limited vocabulary to play the part to perfection ; plus , you probably could lure him to your house with candy .
Elliott is a good part for Scooter , with Robin as Gertie — either Robin can do it in drag or the role can be switched to be a little boy .
Michael , the older brother , should be Fozzie , I think .
And Keys would have to be Gonzo , because he could definitely pull off the line about wanting to see an alien since he was 10 years old .
E.T. : Animal
Elliott : Scooter
Gertie : Robin
Michael : Fozzie
Keys : Gonzo
7. Pulp Fiction
- Yeah , a lot of it would have to be cut , because there are some things that you just do n't do to Muppets .
But consider Fozzie and Gonzo as
Vincent and Jules , and replay the " Royale with cheese " scene in your head .
Now add Kermit as Butch ( Bruce Willis 's character ) , Sam the
Eagle as Marcellus , and Floyd and Janice as Pumpkin and Honey Bunny .
Now how awesome is it ?
Vincent : Fozzie
Jules : Gonzo
Butch : Kermit
Marcellus Wallace : Sam the Eagle
Floyd : Pumpkin
Janice : Honey Bunny
8 . The Princess Bride - Yes , it is possible to make a silly movie even sillier .
Kermit and Piggy as Westley and Buttercup , of course .
Gonzo as Inigo , because the not - quite - right accent and the overacting come naturally to him .
Fozzie as Vizzini , because I can hear him saying " Inconceivable ! " in my head with no problem .
And
Sweetums would make an absolutely ideal Fezzik .
Westley : Kermit
Buttercup : Miss Piggy
Inigo : Gonzo
Fezzik : Sweetums
Vizzini : Fozzie
Prince Humperdinck : Sam the Eagle
Count Rugen : The Swedish Chef
9 . The Back to the Future series - This is the perfect opportunity for Scooter 's first starring role , since he'd make a great
Marty McFly .
Dr. Bunsen Honeydew has to be Doc Brown , since he was ... born ?... crafted ?... to play the part .
Marty 's parents have to be
Kermit and Piggy , for the romance aspect of things .
And Fozzie would definitely work for Biff ( and the other Biff - like roles ) , even though
Fozzie does n't usually play villains — Biff 's constant butchering of jokes ( e.g. , " Make like a tree and get out of here " ) make Fozzie perfect for the part .
I do n't consider Jennifer , Marty 's girlfriend , an important enough role to worry about .
Marty McFly : Scooter
Doc Brown : Dr. Bunsen Honeydew
George McFly : Kermit
Lorraine Baines / McFly : Miss Piggy
Biff Tannen : Fozzie
Mr. Strickland : Gonzo
10 . Stand by Me - I 'm including this one because it's so often overlooked on movie lists like this one , and it 's such a good movie it does n't deserve to be .
I hope Wil Wheaton wo n't mind , but I see Scooter playing Gordie .
I see Gonzo as Chris and
Fozzie as Vern , the outspoken and the timid one respectively .
Teddy is a tough character to cast , but I think Kermit has the range to pull it off .
Link Hogthrob would do a great job as Ace .
I think the rest of the characters are best played by humans .
Gordie : Scooter
Chris : Gonzo
Vern : Fozzie
Teddy : Kermit
Ace : Link Hogthrob
I took some inspiration , and copied the Blade Runner artwork , from this Muppet movie poster collection .
Please forgive my poor Photoshop skills on the other graphics .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Outgoing US President George Bush has said his biggest regret is the failure of intelligence over Iraqi weapons .
In a wide - ranging TV interview , he declined to say whether he would have decided to invade Iraq if he had known it had no weapons of mass destruction .
Asked about what he regarded as his greatest achievement , Mr Bush said that his administration had fought a war against " ideological thugs " .
Mr Bush will hand over to President - elect Barack Obama on 20 January .
The outgoing president told ABC television : " The biggest regret of all the presidency has to have been the intelligence failure in Iraq . "
He added : " I wish the intelligence had been different . "
I will leave the presidency with my head held high
George Bush
Bush stands by his time in office Asked what his greatest accomplishment was , Mr Bush replied : " I keep recognising we 're in a war against ideological thugs and keeping America safe . "
He also defended his actions over the recent economic crises .
" When the history of this period is written , people will realise a lot of the decisions that were made on Wall Street took place over a decade or so , " he told ABC .
Mr Bush - whose approval ratings are at an historic low - said he was happy for history to be his judge .
" I will leave the presidency with my head held high , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Privacy Policy
Does NOT use cookies or any registration or login or attempt to gather any information on any visitor whatsoever .
Apache logs are kept to track / prevent any malicious activity if it were to occur on - site , but are periodically dumped and not shared or viewed or used for any other purpose .
WPClipart uses advertising from Google .
They run ads that I believe are appropriate for this site 's audience ( any ads involving alcohol and gambling are blocked . )
I have yet to see an ad be crude or overly intrusive .
The ad layout onsite is never meant to confuse ads with content .
There is only one ad per page ( and one in the " related " framed page that appears below the image display pages . )
That said , Google is a contexual advertiser , and as such they use anonymous cookies on the user 's machine to track web visiting habits .
( In order to serve targeted ads . )
However , since Google is part of the Digital Advertising Alliance , you have the ability to OPT OUT of them personalising ads ( via collecting information . )
For use in Europe I have opted to use non-targeted ads rather than the tracking cookies .
By opting out , your preference not to be tracked will be honored by these agencies wherever you go , not just here at WPClipart .
Pentagon to deploy 20,000 troops on domestic “ anti- terror ” mission
By Patrick Martin
2 December 2008
The Pentagon has begun to implement plans for the mobilization of 20,000 regular Army troops in anti-terror operations alongside state and local forces , a dramatic change in US military operations within the borders of the United States .
Some 4,700 troops , a full combat brigade based at Ft. Stewart , Georgia , were made available to the US Northern Command on October 1 .
The remaining troops will be assigned to the Northern Command as they complete assignments in Iraq or Afghanistan and are redeployed home by 2011 .
The October 1 deployment was reported in the Army Times newspaper but not otherwise noted in the national media .
The larger mobilization for 2011 was reported on the front page of the Washington Post Monday morning , an indication that the Pentagon seeks wider publicity about the move in order to accustom the American public to the sight of uniformed troops in the streets .
The pretext for the increased militarization of American society is , as always , the danger of terrorism , and in this case , a " nuclear terrorist attack , " although the Post added that some " other domestic catastrophe " could be the trigger for military action .
While the article suggests that this means a natural disaster on the scale of Hurricane Katrina , there is no doubt that the social and economic consequences of the meltdown in financial markets could well qualify as a " domestic catastrophe " requiring military intervention .
The Bush administration has worked for years to undermine the Posse Comitatus Act , a federal law dating back to the post - Civil War Reconstruction period , barring the use of regular military forces for domestic policing duties .
The only exceptions to this longstanding ban have been the use of the National Guard during natural disasters , and the deployment of federal troops during the ghetto riots of the 1960s .
Paul McHale , assistant defense secretary for homeland defense , said the use of 20,000 troops in a domestic deployment " would have been extraordinary to the point of unbelievable " before the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , according to the text of a speech given to the Center for Strategic and International Studies , a Washington think tank , quoted by the Post .
He described the new policy as " a fundamental change in military culture . "
Two additional brigades will be assigned to create a total of three response teams to address what the military calls a CBRNE event , for chemical , biological , radiological , nuclear or high - yield explosives .
The teams are known in Pentagon jargon as CBRNE Consequence Management Response Forces , or CCMRF .
Another 6,000 troops would be drawn from specialized groups of National Guard and reserve troops trained to respond to a CBRNE event .
A combat post training exercise involving elements of three brigades was held September 8 - 19 , 2008 .
The forces represented in Operation Vibrant Response included the 1st Brigade Combat Team of the 3rd Infantry Division , the unit at Ft. Stewart ; the 1st Medical Brigade , Fort Hood , Texas ; and the 82nd Combat Aviation Brigade , Fort Bragg , N.C .
McHale told the Post that the armed units would still be subject to the Posse Comitatus Act and would not engage in security duties except those relating directly to the CBRNE event or to protecting themselves while so engaged .
According to the Post account , Deputy Defense Secretary Gordon England signed a directive in late 2007 providing $ 556 million over five years to fund the program .
The Pentagon began a pilot project last month funded by the Federal Emergency Management Agency , in which civilian officials in five states — Hawaii , Massachusetts , South Carolina , Washington and West Virginia — would use military planners to help them develop disaster response plans .
When the Ft. Stewart unit was assigned to the Northern Command on October 1 , the Army Times reported the event as " the first time an active unit has been given a dedicated assignment to NorthCom , a joint command established in 2002 to provide command and control for federal homeland defense efforts and coordinate defense support of civil authorities . "
The unit returned from duty in Afghanistan last spring .
According to the Army Times , the troops would " learn new skills [ and ] use some of the ones they acquired in the war zone ....
They may be called upon to help with civil unrest and crowd control or to deal with potentially horrific scenarios such as massive poisoning and chaos in response to a chemical , biological , radiological , nuclear or high - yield explosive , or CBRNE , attack .... "
The unit 's commander , Col. Roger Cloutier , was quoted as follows : " It 's a new modular package of nonlethal capabilities that they 're fielding .
They 've been using pieces of it in Iraq , but this is the first time that these modules were consolidated and this package fielded , and because of this mission we 're undertaking we were the first to get it . "
The package includes equipment to stand up a roadblock ; spike strips for slowing , stopping or controlling traffic ; shields and batons ; and beanbag bullets .
It also includes the use of Tasers .
The deployment to NorthCom was made possible by the 2006 Defense Authorization Act , whose Section 1076 empowered President Bush to impose martial law in the event of a threat to " public order , " regardless of its cause — i.e. , potentially one produced by domestic political or social upheaval , not a terrorist attack .
That provision was drafted by the Republican chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , John Warner of Virginia , and the leading Democrat on the panel , Carl Levin of Michigan .
According to one press account , the 2008 National Defense Authorization
Act limited the power to declare martial law , but Bush issued a signing statement suggesting he did not accept those restrictions .
Both Democratic and Republican governors objected to Section 1076 as an unneeded expansion of presidential authority to federalize the National Guard and usurp the powers of state officials , according to a letter jointly signed by Governor Michael Easley of North Carolina , a Democrat , and Governor Mark Sanford of South Carolina , a Republican , in 2007 .
By By Jason Li Nov 14 , 2008 in World Nordin Montong , 32 , was known by co-workers for his erratic behavior and mood swings .
But no one could expect his suicide - by climbing into a tiger enclosure at the Singapore zoo .
Those were the Malaysian cleaner 's last words uttered to a co-worker at the Singapore Zoo before he rode away on his bike to take his own life .
For reasons unclear , Montong appeared depressed during lunch time and was ripping food coupons up and hissing to himself .
A short while after , at around 12:15 pm , witnesses watched in horror as he overcame a 1.2 m barrier and jumped into the 10 m wide moat of a white tiger exhibit .
He proceeded to ' taunt ' the big cats , waving a pail and brooms .
Three 100 kg albino tigers pounced , bit his neck and dragged him to the back of the enclosure .
Around 20 zoo keepers rushed to the scene when the alarm was raised to usher the crowds away and lure the tigers back to their dens .
But it was too late by the time zoo vets reached Montong .
He was pronounced dead within minutes when paramedics arrived .
The death was classified as " unnatural " and investigations are ongoing .
The zoo authorities said that this was the first incident of its kind , and emphasized that the enclosure meets safety standards .
Isabel Cheng , director of sales and marketing at the zoo said : " Our exhibits are designed to be safe , but if someone wants to deliberately get in , they will find a way . "
The last safety check for the enclosure was Sep 11 .
Still , the exhibit is currently closed to facilitate investigations .
" Goodbye , I wo n't be seeing you again .
" Those were the Malaysian cleaner 's last words uttered to a co-worker at the Singapore Zoo before he rode away on his bike to take his own life .
For reasons unclear , Montong appeared depressed during lunch time and was ripping food coupons up and hissing to himself .
A short while after , at around 12:15 pm , witnesses watched in horror as he overcame a 1.2 m barrier and jumped into the 10 m wide moat of a white tiger exhibit .
He proceeded to ' taunt ' the big cats , waving a pail and brooms .
Three 100 kg albino tigers pounced , bit his neck and dragged him to the back of the enclosure .
Around 20 zoo keepers rushed to the scene when the alarm was raised to usher the crowds away and lure the tigers back to their dens .
But it was too late by the time zoo vets reached Montong .
He was pronounced dead within minutes when paramedics arrived .
The death was classified as " unnatural " and investigations are ongoing .
The zoo authorities said that this was the first incident of its kind , and emphasized that the enclosure meets safety standards .
Isabel Cheng , director of sales and marketing at the zoo said : " Our exhibits are designed to be safe , but if someone wants to deliberately get in , they will find a way .
" The last safety check for the enclosure was Sep 11 .
Still , the exhibit is currently closed to facilitate investigations .
More about Suicide , Singapore zoo , Tiger More news from suicide singapore zoo tiger
Di tengah zaman yang Modern ini banyaknnya Tekanan hidup yang sangat besar , Poker Online Uang Asli IDNPLAY Resmi Menjadi salah satunnya Pilihan yang bagus yang sering dipilih oleh kalangan masyarakat .
Dikarenakan Mereka biasannya bisa mendapatkan sebuah keuntungan yang lumayan besar dari Permainan poker Online Uang asli IDNPLAY .
Poker Uang Asli IDNPLAY ini adalah Sebuah Game kartu
Online yang sangat mudah untuk dimainkan , dan dapat diakses dengan mudah beserta dapat dimenangkan oleh Siapapun dan dimana saja .
Tidak perlu untuk rempong - rempong untuk pergi keluar Negri agar dapat bermain Judi di sebuah casino lagi , Saat ini hanya Memiliki Smartphone dan Internet saja sudah dapat bermain , dan dapat Mulai Meraip Keuntungan dari permaina Poker online IDNPLAY yang sangat populer ini .
Mengurangi Modal taruhan , tetapi Meningkatkan sebuah potensi untuk menang yang bisa kalian dapat .
Sebab jika bermain dirumah dapat Memaksimalkan konstrasi kita , dikarenakan tidak ada tekanan apapun dari Pihak Luar .
Macam - macam Permainan Poker Online Uang Asli IDNPLAY
Pada Agen Poker Online Uang Asli IDNPLAY terdapat 7 permainan , Permainan Online tersebut akan kami jelaskan Secara Singkat di Artikel yang kami buat ini :
* PERMAINAN POKER IDNPLAY
Untuk Games yang satu ini termasuk games yang sangat favorit di Situs Poker online uang asli .
Dikarenakan banyak orang yang sudah terbiasa dengan Games Poker di Salah satu media sosial yaitu Facebook .
Jadi orang yang bagi mereka banyak yang memilih permainan ini , Perbedaanya dengan poker di Facebook yaitu Permainan Poker IDNPLAY ini menggunakan Uang Asli , Tidak Hanya memakai Chip virtual saja .
* PERMAINAN DOMINO IDNPLAY
Games Judi Online IDNPLAY lainya yaitu permainan yang memakai Kartu Domino , tidak lain adalah QQ atau 99 .
Persis dengan namannya , nilai yang tertinggi pada Games Domino QQ ini adalah angka 9 .
Dan masing - masing dari para pemain mendapatkan 4 buah kartu itu akan menjadi 2 kombinasi penjumlahan dari kartu , ( Contoh : 5+4= 9 dan 7+2= 9 hasilnya : QQ ) .
Penjumlahan kartu yang telah bernilai lebih dari angka 9 akan dihilangkan angka yang berada di depannya ( contoh : 17 menjadi 8 ) .
* PERMAINAN CEME IDNPLAY
Untuk games yang 1 ini juga menggunakan Kartu DOMINO .
Beserta dasar permainannya juga sama persis , yang membedakannya yaitu jumlah kartu yang dibagikan .
Di permainan Ceme ini para pemain beserta Bandarnya hanya akan mendapatkan 2 Buah kartu saja .
Lalu untuk semua permain yang telah mendapatkan kartu akan beradu nilai- nilai kartunya dengan Seorang Bandar .
* PERMAINAN CEME KELILING
Nah untuk yang 1 ini , dimana Semua cara bermainnya sama dengan peraturan yang ada dengan permainan Bandar Ceme online .
Yang membedakannya , yaitu pada posisi Bandar di ceme keliling ini tidaklah selalu menetap atau dengan kata lain selalu berpindah - pindah .
Jadi Sebuah peluang untuk Menang yang akan dimiliki oleh setiap pemain adalah sama .
Permainan Ceme Keliling IDNPLAY ini sangat dinilai lebih Adil utuk sebagian pemain .
* PERMAINAN CAPSA IDNPLAY
Selain itu ada games Capsa susun yang tidak kalah populernnya dari games yang lain .
Selain dikarenakan permainanya Mirip dengan permainan poker idnplay , Permaiann CAPSA ini juga kerap di dengar dengan kehidupan masyarakat indonesia .
Perminan ini sangat cocok utnuk dapat mengisi waktu luang untuk sambil bertaruh dengan uang asli .
Nama Capsa ini berasal dari 13 dalam bahas china yang kuno .
Jadi Permainan capsa ini terdiri dari 13 buah kartu yang akan disusun .
Sama halnta dengan games poker yang telah menggunakan 13 buah kartu Remi , Permainan capsa ini juga menggunakan kombinasi yang persis , yaitu susunan kartu : Kartu Royal flush , kartu Straight Flush , kartu Full House , Kartu flush , Kartu Straight , Kartu Three of a Kind , kartu Pair dan Kartu High Card .
* PERMAINAN SUPER10 IDNPLAY
Untuk permainan yang 1 ini adalah salah satu permainan kartu remi yang terbaru di IDNPLAY .
Walaupun masih baru , Permainan SUPER10 ini tidak kalah populernnya dari game judi online yang lainnya .
Pada dasar permainan SUPER10 ini sangat mirip dengan permainan Samgong , Blackjack atupun permainan Sakong .
Jumlah kartu yang telah dibagikan terhadap para pemain berjumlah 3 kartu .
Dan Setiap pemain akan mencari angka 10 , maka akan dinilai dengan perhitungan kartu yang dimiliki oleh para pemain .
tertinggi di dalam game , yaitu nilai 10 , Sesuai dengan namannya .
Jika ada pemain yang sama - sama mendapatkan nilai 10 , maka akan dinilai dengan perhitungan kartu yang dimiliki oleh para pemain .
Kombinasi dari 3 kartu yang terdiri dari kartu jack , King dan Queen ini disebut menjadi Three Picture .
Kartu kombinasi ini lebih tinggi darI Kartu yang berjumlah 10 , Tetapi Super10 Ini lebih diunggulkan daripada Value TEN .
Yang termasuk Kombinasi 3 kartu yang nilai aslinnya telah berjumlah 20 atau 30 .
* PERMAINAN OMAHA IDNPLAY
Kalau untuk permainan yang 1 ini cukup tergolong game yang baru di indonesia , Khususnya di SERVER IDNPLAY .
Permainan OMAHA POKER yang memiliki Rules , yang 90 % sangat Mirip dengan Permainan Judi Poker IDNPLAY .
Yang membedakannya adalah Hand card yang dibagikan dengan berjumlah 4 , Bukan hanya 2 saja .
Tapi kartu yang Dapat Digunakan untuk sebuah kombinasi tetap haya ada 2 kartu saja .
Nah untuk para pokermania di Indonesia dapat langsung menikmati games - games menarik diatas secara langsung bersama situs yang akan kami riview dibawah ini :
The world ’s most powerful particle accelerator switched on in September , causing great excitement , but just nine days later a helium leak shut the LHC down .
Now CERN , the European Organization for Nuclear Research , has released photos of the damage , which an internal report revealed last week will keep the world ’s most complex machine out of action until late July 2009 at the earliest .
Mr. Rossi , 35 , who is the film ’s director and cinematographer , had the foresight of perfect timing when he started shooting in November 2004 , having read that Mr. Maccioni at the end of that year planned to shutter the Palace Hotel incarnation of the restaurant , Le Cirque 2000 , and start anew in a different location .
But it soon becomes clear that the charismatic Mr. Maccioni had no well - considered plan .
As the camera zooms in , Henry A. Kissinger , a restaurant regular , is seen advising Mr. Maccioni sotto voce over whether to move to Central Park South or to the Bloomberg building .
( Bloomberg , on Lexington Avenue and 58th Street , won out . )
Nor is the food exactly the driving force as the new restaurant takes shape , even though the quest for a favorable three - star review from The Times is .
Four months before the opening , the family still has n’t decided what exactly the new menu will be .
Simple Italian fare like melon and prosciutto , the desire of the elder Mr. Maccioni ?
Or complicated tasting “ trios , ” as Pierre Schaedelin , then the executive chef , was suggesting and one son wanted ?
Later , when Cardinal Edward M. Egan comes to bless the new restaurant , at Mr. Maccioni ’s request , he spreads his holy water at the entrance until , as an addendum , Mr. Maccioni asks , “ One thing , actually , can we do the kitchen for a second ? ”
To Mr. Rossi , “ it ’s a documentary filmmaker ’s dream when you walk into the room and turn your camera on and this person just explodes through your lens , and all I need to do is be here to see what this guy does . ”
A former corporate lawyer , Mr. Rossi got into the filmmaking business when he did some informal legal work for the 2001 documentary “ Startup.com . ”
Self - taught in film , he quit his law job after two years to make “ Eat This New York , ” a 2002 film which he directed with Kate Novack , who is now his wife .
( CNN ) --
With the top U.S. automakers in economic survival mode , " Buy American " is a frequent cry among those trying to save jobs at home .
Georgia trucker Douglas Sullivan says he 's concerned more about quality than the origin of a vehicle 's parts .
But buying a car to benefit the U.S. economy has become an ambiguous , complicated challenge .
" How you define an American car is one of the great conundrums of this world , " said Dutch Mandel , the editor and associate publisher of AutoWeek .
Fewer than half of the parts on some Big Three vehicles are made in the U.S .
Looking at a Ford Fusion ?
It is assembled in Mexico .
The Chrysler 300C is assembled in Canada , but its transmission is from Indiana ; the brand 's V - 8 engine is made in Mexico .
Engines in the Chevrolet Equinox sport utility vehicle are from China .
On the other hand , Toyota 's Camry is comprised 80 percent of parts made in the United States , and 56 percent of Toyota 's vehicles sold in the U.S. also are made here , according to Toyota spokeswoman Sona Iliffe - Moon .
The Toyota Sienna and Tundra also have 80 percent of their parts manufactured in the U.S .
" When you have manufacturers from around the world building cars in the U.S. with 85 percent domestic content -- engine , transmission , assembly -- is that an American car ? "
Mandel asked .
Or , he asks , is it considered foreign because the profits go back to a foreign country ?
" It 's truly a global industry , " said Thomas Klier , a Chicago , Illinois , economist who co-authored " Who Really Made Your Car ? " an encyclopedic analysis of the auto industry melting pot .
Watch how U.S. auto woes affect Asia »
" When you think of buying American , you should focus on three points -- its engine , transmission and where it was assembled , " Klier said .
To get that information , read a vehicle 's window sticker .
U.S. automakers are legally required to detail the origin of a car 's parts and its final assembly point .
" Unfortunately , there are few people who know about the sticker or even bother to look at it , " said Bernard Swiecki , a senior project manager at the nonprofit Center for Automotive Research in Michigan , which follows trends in the industry .
The sticker 's details were news to Douglas Sullivan , 43 , a truck driver from Snellville , Georgia .
Though he prefers foreign brands , believing them to be of higher quality , he said he used to favor U.S. brands because he wanted to support American workers .
" I wanted to keep the jobs right here , " Sullivan said .
Swiecki said many people think about image of a brand , rather than the way that brand has evolved over decades as the market has grown more diverse and competitive .
" They will think , ' I 'm buying a GM , I 'm getting an American car , ' " Swiecki said .
Foreign car manufacturers generate billions of dollars in jobs and community infrastructure in the U.S. , but there is a difference between Detroit 's economic footprint and that of its foreign rivals .
The Center for Automotive Research says Detroit's Big Three employed almost 240,000 people in the U.S. at the end of 2007 .
Foreign makers had about 113,00 U.S. employees at the time .
Watch UAW leader 's take on bailout 's failure in Senate »
The key difference in how the Big Three and foreign brands support jobs in the U.S. comes outside the factories , according to a 2006 study by the Level Field Institute , a group formed by Big Three retirees in Washington .
" What 's driving the difference in jobs ... is investment in research , design , engineering and management , " Level Field President Jim Doyle said in a statement on the 2006 study .
The Center for Automotive Research said the Big Three had 24,000 engineers on U.S. payrolls in 2007 .
The Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association said its member companies had 3,500 U.S. research and development employees in 2007 .
Level Field found that every 1,000 vehicles sold by Detroit 's Big Three in the U.S. support more than twice as many jobs as 1,000 vehicles sold by foreign nameplates .
Most Americans consumers understand that the industry is global , Swiecki said , and they are more savvy than ever in purchasing vehicles .
" For the most part , gone are the days of people going to a car lot and paying a buck to take a swing of a hammer at a foreign - made car , " Swiecki said .
But there are exceptions .
A Savannah , Georgia , Ford dealer sold 15 cars last weekend after he ran a radio ad blaming Japan for Detroit 's financial funk .
While 15 was substantially better than weekends before the ad , dealer O.C. Welch said , it was still about half of the business he did a year ago .
" All you people that buy all your Toyotas and send that money to Japan , you know , when you do n't have a job to make your Toyota car payment , do n't come crying to me , " Welch says in the ad .
" All those cars are rice ready .
They 're not road ready . "
Sullivan , who was at an Atlanta , Georgia , dealership Thursday to pick up his American brand minivan from the service department , said he has had a different experience .
He said the vehicle has given him trouble , and whenever he replaces it , he 'll probably go with a foreign brand , regardless of whether any of the parts were made in the United States .
" What I look for is good gas mileage , and when I pay it off in four or five years , it 's still running , " said Sullivan , who has owned several American and foreign brands .
" It seems I get better quality with a foreign car . "
CNN 's Jason Hanna and Brad Lendon contributed to this report .
All About U.S. National Economy • Cars and Car Design
A planetoutside of the solar system has been discovered orbiting a dying , puffed - upstar called a red giant .?
The findingcould help astronomers learn more about the fate of our solar system .
The newlydiscovered exoplanet is nearly six times the mass of Jupiter and orbits the redgiant star HD 102272 , which is located 1,200 light - years away in theconstellation Leo .
To date , about 20 redgiants are known to support planets .
Theresearchers suspect another world is orbiting farther out in the system .
Ifconfirmed , the system would be the first red giant star known to support morethan one planet .
Small andmedium - sized stars like our sun become red giants when they exhaust all oftheir hydrogen fuel near the end of their lives .
The stars ?
cores contract andbegin to burn helium , while their outer shells balloon upto 100 times their original size .
When our sun does that , Earth and otherplanets will be vaporized .
Thefinding , which will be published in a forthcoming issue of the AstrophysicalJournal , will shed light on howbloated stars interact with their resident planets .
The newplanet orbits closer than any other world to its red giant parent , orbitingjust 0.6 astronomical units ( AU ) from the star .
The researchers suggest thisdistance could be the limit , with no planets venturing in closer to a redgiant .
" Whenred - giant stars expand , they tend to eat up the nearby planets , " saidresearcher Alexander Wolszczan , an astrophysicist at Penn State .
" Thereappears to be a zone of avoidance around such stars of about 0.6 astronomicalunits .?
Oneastronomical unit is equal to the average distance between Earth and the sun .
Theresearchers detected the planet with the Hobby - Eberly Telescope of McDonaldObservatory in Texas .
They used the radial velocity method , which involvesmeasuring the slight wobbles of a star caused by the tug of an orbiting planet .
The hoststar is currently about 10 times the size of the sun , but it will eventuallyexpand to up to 100 times the size of the sun .
Since the star is a relativelyyoung red giant , this mushrooming will probably not take place for another 100 million years , Wolszczan said .
At that time , the star 's outer shell will engulfthis exoplanet .
" Theplanet finds itself orbiting , not in a vacuum anymore , but in gas that imposes adrag on the planet , " Wolszczan told SPACE.com .
" So its orbitalenergy gets lost to the surrounding atmosphere of the star through friction .
And so [ the planet ] starts spiraling in . "
While redgiants vaporize those planets closest to them , they could thaw more distantworlds in their systems , creating new havens for life .
This couldhappen in our own solar system when our sun begins its transitioninto a red giant in about 5 billion years , Wolszczan said .
Earth willlikely be destroyed , but more distant ?
and currently frozen ?
worlds such asJupiter ?s frozen moon Europa will survive and perhaps be bathed in sunlight asour star rapidly expands .
Europa ?
maybecome a very pleasant , nice ocean world , " Wolszczan said .
" Therewould still be more than a billion years of time for life to develop againsomewhere else in the solar system , even though at this point it is not quitepossible . "
Ronald seems a sober , respectable , church - on - Sunday type .
Not the kind you ’d find prospecting for diamonds here in Zimbabwe ’s wild east , a world of swaggering foreigners , dirty money and shoot - to - kill police .
Not the sort who ’d utter movie - script lines like this one : “ You can make $ 15,000 or $ 20,000 in 30 minutes .
But you can die within seconds . ”
Ronald , like the rest of Zimbabwe , has caught Africa ’s nastiest ailment -- diamond fever .
Sleepy towns such as Mutare have blinked awake to find their quiet streets buzzing with opportunists and black marketeers .
Every day , illicit miners show up at the hospital with gaping bullet wounds and flimsy excuses for how they got them .
Characters straight out of “ Blood Diamond ” cruise like sharks .
But the biggest sharks are nowhere to be seen : Officials of President Robert Mugabe ’s regime are looting the diamonds , industry sources and members of Zimbabwe ’s security services say .
Advertisement
Not only are they personally enriching themselves with one of the few natural resources still left in this ruined country , party fat cats may be finding life support in the diamond riches , Western diplomats and analysts fear , and gaining one more motive to cling to power .
“ I think the political implications are very interesting , ” said a diplomat based in Harare , the capital .
“ Right now , the government ’s getting very little .
If it can regularize this in some way , it could really prop things up for a while .
It could give them some time to pursue their interests and just keep going . ”
The diplomat spoke on condition of anonymity to avoid political problems with Zimbabwe ’s government .
Others who were willing to discuss the diamond trade declined to be identified for fear of repercussions .
Industry and security sources say government leaders have their own syndicates to dig and trade diamonds on the black market .
Advertisement
“ The diamond game is the filthiest game in town and everyone ’s into it , ” says one source familiar with the gem industry .
“ It ’s not even semi- organized chaos .
It ’s a bunch of thieves who backstab each other .
“ A lot of leaders of the political regime are involved in trading .
They have their own diggers and traders .
But it ’s all to their personal account .
They ’ve all got a vested interest in chaos . ”
Regime cracks down
Diplomats , industry sources and some nongovernmental agencies believe the Marange field here could be one of the most significant diamond discoveries in decades .
Advertisement
Mugabe ’s regime is certainly behaving as if it is .
In mid-November , the government sent in the military to crack down on unsanctioned miners .
Soldiers even fired on miners from helicopters , local sources say .
The opposition Movement for Democratic Change says nearly 140 people have been killed .
One insider close to the ruling party said the scope of the crackdown was a measure of how significant the diamonds were to the regime .
“ I do n’t think they would expend such resources if there was not something significant there , ” he says .
A prison official in Mutare said top figures in the ruling ZANU - PF party and security officials are running the illegal diamond trade here .
Advertisement
“ The people in the police , prisons service , army and CIO [ Central Intelligence Organization ] have got groups of people who are working for those lieutenants , known as syndicates , ” says the official .
“ Usually these high - ranked officers in the armed forces are working for the ministers , governors and other ZANU - PF bigwigs . ”
The exploration rights at the Marange field were initially held by a subsidiary of the diamond giant De Beers , which let its license expire in early 2006 .
The rights were then taken up by a British company , African Consolidated Resources .
In late 2006 , a rush began , driven by the large quantities of diamonds close to the surface -- making the site almost unique .
The government promptly evicted the company in much the same manner it evicted white farmers from their land in 2000 .
Today , the site is ostensibly being developed by the state - owned Zimbabwe Mining Development Corp. , but most of the gems find their way onto the black market .
The British company continues to pursue a legal battle in the High Court over the right to mine the area , but in cases involving property rights in the past , High Court judges -- appointed by Mugabe -- have sided with the government .
Advertisement
Almost irresistible
In a country where the paralyzed economy offers few opportunities , diamonds are almost irresistible .
Ronald , 31 , who had given up working for an insurance firm for black - market currency dealing , was drawn into illegal mining .
He gave only his first name , fearing possible jail .
Ronald says he saw five unsanctioned miners , including two women , shot to death by police on the diamond field late last month as they fled carrying large sacks of soil .
One of those killed was a policeman mining illegally .
“ It ’s like war , ” Ronald says .
Advertisement
At dawn that same day , he had been in the diamond field filling bags with dirt to carry off and later sieve .
“ We heard a gunshot .
It was very close .
Then everybody , including myself , started to run , carrying our bags of soil .
We were running and running .
. . .
We were more than 50 and they were firing shots at us . ”
They scattered , but Ronald did n’t want to drop his sack , thinking he might have a gigantic diamond .
Finally , exhausted , he ditched it to save himself .
“ That was the day I thought , ‘ Maybe this is the end of my life . ’ ” Yet he went back in .
It is filthy , back - breaking work , a shock after his peaceful insurance job and black - market money dealing .
The hastily dug tunnels can be deep , and they often collapse , burying prospectors alive .
Advertisement
Opinions differ on the significance of the Marange field .
Some put its worth in billions of dollars annually ; others estimate this at under $ 50 million .
Local industry figures say that in the last 12 months , high - quality diamonds have increasingly been turning up .
The Reserve Bank chief , Gideon Gono , said last month that more than 500 syndicates were operating in Marange , and estimated that the government was losing $ 1.2 billion in diamond revenue every month .
But a Belgian - based diamond expert scoffed at the figure -- equivalent to global diamond production -- and said 90 % of the gems were low - quality industrial diamonds .
‘ Dangerous ’
Advertisement
Brilliant flame trees line the streets of Mutare , like dawdling women bearing scarlet parasols .
Intelligence men are everywhere .
Foreigners brag loudly and flirt with local women in restaurants and bars .
A car draws up and a plump fellow nods hello .
“ Ah , things are tough , eh ?
Things are dangerous , ” he says , grinning slyly .
Pause .
“ You wanna buy dah - mons ? ”
It ’s a place of treachery and swirling rumor : People talk of a $ 5 - million diamond found here recently , or the woman who made her fortune trading cabbages for diamonds .
When the rush started , miners were loath to leave their diggings even for water :
It was common for them to swap a diamond for a bottle of water , or so the story goes .
Advertisement
Industry sources whisper the names of notorious international diamond dealers said to have fingers in the Marange pie .
The fenced area in Marange operated by the Zimbabwe Mining Development Corp. is known locally as “ Mai Mujuru ’s Breast , ” meaning the breast of Mama Mujuru , a reference to the country ’s corpulent vice president , Joyce Mujuru .
You need just a short time there , people tell you breathlessly , and you ’ll have a diamond the size of a bird ’s egg .
“ It ’s a ZANU - PF place , ” says opposition lawmaker Pishai Muchauraya .
“ No one is allowed to get in there .
If you ’re a special person , you will go there and you will be allowed just 20 minutes .
That ’s where you can get clear diamonds . ”
But Ronald , the illegal miner , says he paid a bribe to a policeman to spend several hours at Mai Mujuru ’s Breast .
He got only one tiny diamond , which he sold for $ 150 .
Advertisement
A $ 30,000 deal
Itai , 28 , got into trading diamonds 18 months ago .
He smuggles them in his mouth across the border to sell to Lebanese and Israeli dealers in Manica , Mozambique .
He ’s bought two houses and five cars .
Three months ago , he says , he and his aunt traded a clear 30 - carat stone as big as his thumbnail for $ 30,000 in a hotel - room deal with an Israeli .
He says most of the illegal miners are well educated : “ They ’re teachers , nurses , soldiers , policemen and civil servants . ”
The prison official said the real aim of the recent crackdown was to give the syndicates operated by top ruling party figures free rein .
Advertisement
“ In effect , these operations are not to restore order but to make sure [ the syndicates ] can take the diamonds , ” the official says .
“ But what is devastating us is that they ’re actually killing people .
They ’re shooting to kill . ”
Political violence and power struggles in Manicaland province , where the Marange diamonds are found , suggest how important the area is to Mugabe and ZANU - PF .
Manicaland was one of the areas most severely hit by political violence after the elections in March , which saw ZANU - PF lose the Mutare council , the mayoral post and 20 parliamentary seats there to the Movement for Democratic Change .
Although Zimbabwe ’s diamonds are not technically “ blood diamonds , ” or ones that fuel wars , they are bloody in nature .
‘ I might die ’
Advertisement
Isaac , 38 , and Richard , 32 , brought their brother Cledious to the hospital after he was shot in the back while mining illegally .
The three brothers and two cousins were in a tunnel at about 6 a.m. when police threw in a tear - gas canister .
“ We started running away .
He was the last to come out .
We heard a gunshot and we looked back and saw our brother on the ground , ” Isaac says .
Police took him to their camp and dumped him , unattended and bleeding profusely .
“ The base was n’t guarded , ” Richard says .
“ I went in to collect him .
We carried him five kilometers [ about three miles ] to our base camp .
He was crying , saying , ‘ I might die . ’ ”
The brothers assured him that he would live .
In their hearts , though , they fear he faces a slow and painful death .
Advertisement
But seeing fortunes being made all around them , they wo n’t give up mining , even if their brother dies .
“ If one person is killed , ” Richard says , “ there ’s more for the rest . ”
--
robyn.dixon@latimes.com
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The White House said on Monday it opposes legislation called “ the Credit Cardholders ’ Bill of Rights ” that would curb unfair and deceptive credit card practices , saying it would constrain banks ’ ability to price risk .
The White House said in a statement the bill would lead to less access to credit and higher interest rates for consumers .
“ For the credit market to operate efficiently , creditors must have the flexibility to react to changes in customer risk and market conditions , ” the White House said .
The provision “ would restrict when lenders may change terms of the credit agreement , significantly constraining the ability of financial institutions to adapt to changing credit risks and market conditions , ” the White House said .
The legislation is in the House of Representatives .
The full House is expected to pass the bill , but similar legislation is not expected to progress in the Senate due to preoccupation with the financial crisis and U.S. presidential election .
The bill , chiefly sponsored by New York Democrat Carolyn Maloney , is similar to proposed regulations the Federal Reserve is reviewing and expected to finalize later this year .
Banks , reeling from the collapse of the U.S. housing and subprime mortgage markets and subsequent credit crisis , oppose the bill , which could limit their credit card revenue .
The bill would end double - cycle billing , in which card companies reach back to prior billing cycles to help calculate the interest charged in the current cycle .
It also seeks to give cardholders more time to pay by forcing card companies to mail bills 25 days before the due date instead of the current 14 days .
Among the biggest issuers of Visa Inc and MasterCard Inc credit cards are Bank of America , JPMorgan Chase , Citigroup , Capital One Financial Corp and Discover Financial Services .
The White House said it was concerned about unfair and deceptive practices and supports efforts to protect consumers , but added that regulations are better suited to address the issues instead of legislation .
UPDATE : Now all three authors will be joining
As I was heading out the door last week for my Thanksgiving holiday , I noticed a package from Amazon on my front porch , which was the long awaited Real World Haskell book .
If you have been following this book and its progress through their Real World Haskell blog , you should know the massive involvement of the community around it .
Look no further than the thanks section to note all the reviewers for the book .
This book has lived up to its promise in helping better understand Haskell as a language , and furthermore , a deeper understanding of a pure functional language .
Reading this book and hacking along with some samples has been a real joy as some of my Thanksgiving weekend was sitting at my laptop and hacking away .
I have plenty of posts on the subject matter that I ’m going to be covering while in the midst of my F# coverage .
I feel that a deeper understanding of Haskell has given me better insight to cleaner F# code as well .
Since I ’d like to spread some of the joy around , I ’d like to announce the Real World Haskell book club for which I ’ve set up a Google Groups list .
This group is intended to be an online group that holds sessions at regular intervals to discuss the book but as well to create some hacking projects along the way .
What ’s great about this group is that Bryan O’Sullivan , Don Stewart and John Goerzen , three of the book ’s authors will also be participating as well .
Hope to have some of you join in the conversation to get a better understanding about both the language , but also functional programming in general .
1 . What can $ 2 do ?
2 . How can I thank and honor clients and friends of Pistachio Consulting this year ?
3 . What do I want most of all for Christmas ?
Well Wishes .
I want to make a big difference .
To save kids lives .
It ’s a tough year though .
I do n’t want to ask much of any one person .
I realized just $ 2 from each of my Twitter readers would be $ 25,000 .
If everyone who reads this – YOU – gives just $ 2 , Charity : Water can build an entire water project for a school or hospital in Africa .
Betaworks and Tipjoy liked my idea and will 1 ) waive ALL fees for their “ micropayments via Twitter ” tool , and 2 ) match up to $ 10,000 .
Twitterers can donate NOW using this widget :
Fill in your Twitter username and password .
Click “ give & tweet . ”
Then click “ Pay ” to fund your tipjoy account ( $ 5 minimum , you can pay anyone on Twitter with it ) .
Or tweet
p $ 2 @wellwishes for ( your message here ) via @tipjoy
and then set up your account at TipJoy .
The $ 10,000 match is on the @TipJoy donations only , so PLEASE give it a try .
Follow our TipJoy progress here .
You fund your @tipjoy account with a simple PayPal transfer , $ 5 minimum , and can tip anyone at all with your balance .
or donate via PayPal or Credit Card to our page on the Charity : Water site .
( Charity : Water has asked for a $ 10 minimum due to their fees ) .
When else can you make SUCH a difference for just $ 2 ?
Are you in ?
Can you spread the word ?
Can this become a new way of “ many hands / light work ” using new tools and communities ?
C L E A N W A T E R
Last year I returned from India with dysentery .
I was easily cured .
But I ’d seen so many kids living in squalor there , and I learned that for impoverished kids ( like baby beggar whose insistent touch demolished my resolve the night I shot this ) diarrhea can be a death sentence .
5,000 kids die EVERY DAY for a lack of clean drinking water .
Today 5,000 children will die of totally treatable illness because they lack clean drinking water .
Tomorrow , 5,000 more will die .
and the next day … and …
That ’s 35,000 children between now and Christmas .
Yeah .
Safe water is a fixable problem touching MANY important issues :
children ’s health and welfare
women ’s rights
environmental degradation
international development in impoverished nations
equitable access to education
Unsafe water ruins health and opportunity and leads to military and economic conflict .
Children suffer worst .
Infant mortality is severe .
Girls are kept from school to carry water for their families .
Women suffer violent attacks and rape at remote water sources .
Thousands of children , 90 % of them under 5 years old , die from related infections .
Every day .
These videos from Charity : Water provide even more answers : why water ?
W H A T C A N W E D O W I T H $ 2 ?
Though I ’m asking YOU to donate , this project is my holiday token of thanks FOR YOU .
Backwards , HUH ?
I could just donate to thank Pistachio ’s clients , blog readers and Twitter friends .
In honor of all of YOU .
But my donation alone is n’t enough to make a difference .
We need leverage .
We need you .
We need $ 2 .
Give because my tweets make you laugh or think .
Give for the holidays .
Give because I ’m tilting at windmills again .
Give a re-tweet or a blog post .
Give me lip about this insane idea .
Just .
Take .
Part ?
From this moment until midnight on Christmas Day , EVERYONE who reads this , PLEASE chip in $ 2 and spread the word .
I ’ll personally donate 1 % of the total no matter how high this goes ( at least $ 250 ) .
H O W ?
You can use Tipjoy to donate AND spread the word right on Twitter .
OR
Direct :
You can donate ANY amount via credit card or PayPal right at the Charity : Water site .
I ’d be so incredibly stoked to see 12,500 tiny donations from all over the web come together to make my Well Wishes dream come true …
It just takes $ 2 .
Wo n’t you ?
W H Y C H A R I T Y : W A T E R
Charity : Water allocates 100 % of donations to its projects and oversees each one .
We ’ll get to see the fruits of our effort directly .
Our fundraising page at their site is here .
Also , please watch and share some of these incredible videos .
W H Y T I P J O Y ?
I Twitter - researched our options .
Tipjoy stood out for : 1 ) for tiny donations 2 ) contributions right on Twitter .
With an account you can pay anyone with a Tweet .
3 ) They are matching $ 10,000 of your @tipjoy donations !!!
You do it with the widget above , or just by tweeting :
p$ 2 @wellwishes to build wells and save children ’s lives ( via @tipjoy )
Then you set up and fund ( $ 5 minimum , but spend it anywhere ) a TipJoy account .
I ’ve personally met John Borthwick of Betaworks and Ivan Kirigin of Tipjoy .
Both responded to my Twitter question out and , err , tipped the scales by waiving their fee AND promising to match $ 10 k worth of donations dollar - for - dollar .
Thanks to Betaworks and Tipjoy , this could mean $ 35 k – nearly TWO entire water projects – for Charity : Water .
Betaworks is a well - known and reputable incubator in New York , and John is an early investor in Twitter , Summize , Bit.ly and many other startups .
Your credentials are safe .
This is highly legit .
I do n’t know what it is about the US media ’s obsession with self - obsessed flashy business people .
Up until the Enron failure ( the Republicans previous example of failed business policy ) CNN used to broadcast an annoying show that featured big name CEOs and their life story .
Somehow that show disappeared when too many of their featured guests started to receive indictments though the problem could have also been related to the sponsor of the show – Anderson Consulting – being connected to some of the troubled businesses such as Enron .
It was an act of mercy when that show was cut but that did not stop the hot run of Donald Trump and The Apprentice .
What anyone could ever see in that program was a mystery to me but it was hard to argue against its commercial success .
As with the old narcissistic CNN program “ leaders ” , Trump ca n’t live up to his own hype .
Russian police in the troubled region of Ingushetia shot dead a prominent web journalist on Sunday night , shortly after he was taken into custody .
Magomed Yevloyev was arrested after getting off a flight in Nazran , Ingushetia .
Kaloi Akhilgov , a lawyer close to the Ingushetiya .ru website run by Yevloyev , said Yevloyev was taken away by police in a car .
" As they drove he was shot in the temple ...
They threw him out of the car near the hospital , " Akhilgov said .
Yevloyev received treatment at a local hospital but doctors were unable to save his life .
Local police claim that Yevloyev attempted to seize a policeman 's gun as he was been taken away for questioning .
He was shot in the head during the ensuing struggle .
A criminal investigation has been opened up into the case but local critics of the Kremlin already fear a whitewash .
Comments published on Yevloyev 's website said his death is part of a genocidal campaign by Russian security forces against the Ingush people , the BBC reports .
Others said the actions of Russia 's para-military forces are increasing calls for Ingushetia to secede from Russia .
Yevloyev has been a long - term critic of Ingush President Murat Zyazikov , a former KGB general who maintains a pro-Moscow policy .
The Ingushetiya .ru site regularly ran allegations of brutality by Russian forces in Ingushetia , a small Muslim - dominated province of half a million bordering Chechnya that 's one of the poorest regions of Russia .
The region has been the centre of a low - level insurgency featuring ambushes targeting police and other members of the security services .
Earlier on Monday two policemen were killed and another wounded following an ambush near a police station . ®
Obama Goes After Farm Subsidies
In a speech just concluded announcing two more economy appointees -- CBO chief Peter Orszag to the Office of Management and Budget and Robert Nabors ( House Approp. Comm . ) to be his deputy -- President - elect Obama gave an example of one piece of wasteful government spending : farm subsidies .
Obama cited a GAO report out yesterday that said from 2003 to 2006 , " millionaire farmers " got $ 49 million in farm subsidies despite earning more than the $ 2.5 million cutoff in annual income .
" If it 's true , " Obama said , " it 's a prime example of waste . "
With the announcement , Obama joins a long and largely defeated line of presidents and officials who 've tried to kill farm subsidies , a perk as deeply ingrained in a nation built on the Jeffersonian Agricultural Ideal as any other .
Subsidies have been constructed and preserved by powerful Midwest lawmakers and are very difficult to pry loose .
To the president - elect , we say : Good luck with that .
Let us know how it works out for you .
Orszag , Obama said , " does n't need a map to tell him where the bodies are buried in the federal budget . "
One place to start digging is the Nation 's Breadbasket .
The president - elect may be wise to be on the lookout for a Combine Army motoring to Washington to preserve the subsidies .
The Post 's Dan Morgan , Gilbert Gaul and Sarah Cohen did a terrific series on farm subsidies in 2006 .
Here 's where you can read it .
-- Frank Ahrens
The Ticker is Twittering !
“ Dragonball ” ( “ Dragonball Evolution “ ) begins with Goku ( Justin Chatwin ) , who seeks out upon his adoptive grandfather Grandpa Gohan ( Randall Duk Kim ) ’s dying request to find the great Master Roshi ( Yun - Fat Chow ) and gather all seven Dragon Balls .
Of which he has one , in order to prevent the evil Lord Piccolo ( James Marsters ) from succeeding in his desire to use the Dragon Balls to take over the world .
And Goku ’s quest is to obtain the mystical Dragonballs before Piccolo does .
The film also stars Emmy Rossum as Bulma , Jamie Chung as Chi Chi , and Park Joon as Yamcha .
“ Dragonball ” is directed by James Wong ( Final Destination , Jet Li’s The One , Final Destination 3 ) , from a script by Ben Ramsey ( The Big Hit , Love and a Bullet ) .
For more photos , clips and movie info go to the “ Dragonball ” FF Movie Page
OK …
I ’m not generally a conspiracy theorist .
I say “ generally ” , because sometimes conspiracies happen .
And sometimes it would be foolish to ignore them .
The only thing worse than being labeled a conspiracy theorist , is being labeled a gullible idiot when it all comes to light .
So I invite you to hop on board the Conspiracy Theory Express with me for a moment , because it ’s pulling out of the station here in Alaska , ready to take you on a five minute tour .
As the final numbers roll in from state and national elections , I and others have noticed some results that are interesting at best , and highly suspect at worst .
Either way , they deserve some scrutiny .
Let ’s look at the national numbers first .
Keep in mind that Alaska ’s very own Governor , and the new GOP golden girl , Sarah Palin , was on the ticket .
And Barack Obama has excited progressive Alaskans like no candidate before .
He had five field offices , great ground organization , and inspired the biggest candidate rally in Alaska history .
Voter turnout here was expected to be through the roof and breaking all records .
In 2004 , 66 % of registered voters turned out to vote in the presidential election between George Bush and John Kerry .
In 2008 , including the votes still outstanding , only 54 % of registered voters turned out .
And the strangest part of all ?
Voter turnout in the primaries , before Palin was even on the ticket , was up 12 % from 2004 .
We also had more than 20,000 new registered voters .
Curious .
As these strange numbers rolled in at Election Central , I was there watching .
Here ’s how it fell out over time .
With 36 % of the precincts reporting :
61.76 % for McCain
35.64 % for Obama
With 81.3 % reporting
61.54 % for McCain
35.69 % for Obama
With 96.1 % reporting
61.29 % for McCain
35.96 % for Obama
Alaska , like many states , has blue areas and red areas .
The Mat - Su Valley , home of Sarah Palin is very very red .
Anchorage ?
Blue .
The Kenai Peninsula ?
Red. Juneau ?
Blue .
You get the idea .
When I , and my fellow progressive celebrants watched the first numbers come in , we thought , “ That must be the Valley ” , because the latest polls actually had the presidential race neck and neck with Obama only 2.7 points behind .
We kept waiting for the progressive areas of the state to kick in , but they never did .
No fluctuations one way or the other more than .3 % .
And George Bush won the 2004 election her by a margin of …..61 -35 .
Strange .
Then , we ’ve got the two Congressional races .
Ted Stevens vs. Mark Begich .
The convicted felon is currently ahead by about 3300 votes , with about 60,000 absentee and early votes left to count .
It ’s a squeaker , and Begich may pull this one off .
By why is it a squeaker when the last poll had Begich 22 points ahead ?
He ’d been running at a dead heat in the polling before Ted ’s conviction , but after the seven felony convictions came in , Begich ’s lead widened considerably .
Pretty stunning turnaround for Stevens .
Remarkable .
How about Ethan Berkowitz vs. Don Young for the Congressional seat ?
Berkowitz consistently led Young in every single poll since May by 5 - 14 points .
Contrary to this comfortable and consistent lead , Don Young managed to pull off a stunning upset by trouncing Berkowitz by more than 7 points .
Amazing .
And since history is always our best teacher , let ’s look back at the 2004 elections in Alaska .
The majority of precincts had voter turnout of over 100 % .
In some cases , voter turnout was over 200 % .
Either Alaskans are enthusiastic about their vote to the point of breaking the law and voting twice , or there ’s something very very wrong .
( From Shannyn Moore )
There are 40 districts in Alaska .
The Anchorage area districts run from District 17 to District 32 .
Scroll down to the bottom of the page and pick any district from 17 - 32 .
Pay particular attention to the 3rd column labeled % turnout .
Hit the back arrow and select another district .
There are more precincts with voter turnout over 100 % than under 100 % .
In other words , many more people voted in Anchorage area precincts than there were registered voters .
Clearly , this is not possible .
In 2006 , the Democrats filed a lawsuit against the Alaska Division of Elections to release public records needed to verify the 2004 election results .
The Democrats ALSO sought to have the Alaska Division of Elections release the raw election data for the 2006 election .
It ’s been more than 24 hours since the polls closed in Alaska , and the red flags are already waving .
OK , the Conspiracy Theory Express bus 5 - minute tour is over , and you may now hop off .
This was just a test drive .
Keep your eyes on how the final numbers turn out .
Democracy requires vigilance , and hopefully our state candidates will not be afraid to stand their ground .
The Obama campaign had a team of lawyers at the ready in case election fraud was detected .
It ’s a wise precaution , and an obligation to the electorate whose fundamental rights hang in the balance .
If I were Ethan Berkowitz or Mark Begich or Barack Obama , I ’d make sure I took the process to the end , and took advantage of the media spotlight which still shines on our state , before it vanishes , and we are left to sort out our election questions in the dark .
Sunshine is the best disinfectant .
UPDATE – Here ’s some new coverage on this topic from The Washington Post and from 538.com .
Secret Irishman 14 October , 2008
Make sure you check out the sequel to this episode : “ Barry the Cat . ”
ST . GALLEN , Switzerland 
One of the oldest and most valuable collections of handwritten medieval books in the world , housed in the magnificent baroque halls of the library in this town ’s abbey , is going online with the help of a $ 1 million grant from the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation .
For centuries scholars from around the world have flocked to the Stiftsbibliothek  literally , the abbey library  in this quaint town nestled in the rolling hills of eastern Switzerland , to pore over its vast collection of manuscripts , many written and illustrated before the year 1000 .
The collection includes material as varied as curses against book thieves , early love ballads , hearty drinking songs and a hand - drawn ground plan for a medieval monastery , drafted around A.D. 820 , the only such document of its kind .
The library is believed to have been founded in the ninth century , about two centuries after an Irish monk named Gallus established the monastery that would become the center of the city that now bears his name .
The monastery was dissolved by local authorities in 1805 .
The library is now the property of the Roman Catholic church .
A study published today in Anticancer Research demonstrates that an ingredient used in a common cough suppressant may be useful in treating advanced prostate cancer .
Researchers found that noscapine , which has been used in cough medication for nearly 50 years , reduced tumor growth in mice by 60 % and limited the spread of tumors by 65 % without causing harmful side effects .
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer among men in the United States .
The American Cancer Society estimates that 186,320 men will be diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2008 and 28,660 will die from it .
One man in 6 will get prostate cancer during his lifetime .
Although slow - growing in most men , the cancer is considered advanced when it spreads beyond the prostate .
There is no known cure .
The laboratory study was a joint effort by Dr. Israel Barken of the Prostate Cancer Research and Educational Foundation , Moshe Rogosnitzky of MedInsight Research Institute , and Dr. Jack Geller of The University of California San Diego .
Noscapine has previously been studied as a treatment for breast , ovarian , colon , lung and brain cancer and for various lymphomas , chronic lymphocytic leukemia and melanoma .
This study , however , is the first to demonstrate its effectiveness in treating prostate cancer .
Noscapine is a naturally - occurring substance , a non-addictive derivative of opium .
As a natural substance , noscapine cannot be patented , which has limited the potential for clinical trials .
Rogosnitzky notes that drug companies are generally unwilling to underwrite expensive clinical trials without being able to recoup their investment .
A synthetic derivative of noscapine has been patented but has not yet reached the clinical testing phase .
Since noscapine is approved for use in many countries as a cough suppressant , however , it is available to doctors to prescribe for other uses as well .
This common practice is known as " off- label " prescription .
Noscapine is increasingly being used off - label to treat a variety of cancers .
Dr. Barken used noscapine to treat a handful of prostate cancer patients before retiring from clinical practice .
Encouraged by the success of these treatments , his foundation funded the laboratory study being reported in the December 2008 edition of Anticancer Research .
As founder and medical director of the Prostate Cancer Research and Educational Foundation in San Diego , Dr. Barken is encouraging academic institutions to follow up this successful laboratory research with a human clinical trial .
He has pioneered a web - based patient tracking system that will greatly reduce the cost of the trial while cutting the time necessary to complete the study .
Using the web - based tracking system will also allow doctors outside the U.S. to enroll patients in the research .
Rogosnitzky , director of research at MedInsight Research Institute , points out the significant advantages that noscapine could present as a treatment for prostate cancer .
" Noscapine is effective without the unpleasant side effects associated with other common prostate cancer treatments .
Because noscapine has been used as a cough - suppressant for nearly half a century , it already has an extensive safety record .
This pre-clinical study shows that the dose used to effectively treat prostate cancer in the animal model was also safe .
" Hormone therapy and chemotherapy , along with radiation and surgery , are currently used to slow the progression of advanced prostate cancer .
Side effects resulting from these treatments include impotence , incontinence , fatigue , anemia , brittle bones , hair loss , reduced appetite , nausea and diarrhea .
No toxic side effects were observed in the laboratory study of noscapine .
A malignant security flaw found in all versions of Microsoft 's Internet Explorer browser has yet to be fixed , and the problem is spreading .
Microsoft detailed the flaw in a security update blog post six days ago .
Since then , the problem has spread across the globe , hitting at least 2 million computers .
Unlike other computer exploits , this one does not require users to click on fishy links or download mysterious software : it plagues computers that simply open an infected Web page .
Internet Explorer is currently used by 69 percent of Web surfers .
The flaw hides inside the data binding function of the browser and causes IE to quit unexpectedly and reopen vulnerable to prying eyes .
So far most of the attacks have been geographically centered on China and have been used for the purposes of stealing computer game passwords .
But with a flaw as gap - toothed as this , the possibilities of nefarious action could include the massive theft of personal information such as administrative computer passwords and financial data .
Even though there is currently no patch for this problem , Microsoft has offered a variety of workarounds .
Most involve disabling or crippling the " oledb32.dll " file .
Other methods include setting Internet and local intranet security zones to " high " and configuring Internet Explorer to prompt before running Active Scripting or to disabling Active Scripting .
Though it 's always wise to keep your antivirus software updated , it may not protect you in this case , as most antivirus software does not monitor Internet traffic .
The easiest way to keep your computer safe is to stop using Internet Explorer .
And while other browsers are n't entirely devoid of bugs , they are a better alternative in this case .
Muslims in Mumbai held a rally on Friday to protest the inaction of Pakistan government on the terror outfits operating from its territory after the last month 's Mumbai attacks which killed 179 persons .
Raising voice against Pakistan , the demonstrators urged the Indian government to destroy all terrorist camps operating in Pakistan .
" I want to inform the Government and give a message to the whole nation that all the terrorist camps should be destroyed .
Islam asks you to sacrifice your life for the country you live in , " said Aftab Ahmad Khan , a protestor .
The demonstrators holding dummy AK - 47 rifles also demanded from the government that the police force should be fully equipped to deal with the terrorists .
ALSO READ Journalist held for raping girls after filming them in ' sting '
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
You can build cross-platform GUI applications in Python using a library called PyQt , a set of Python bindings for Nokia 's Qt application framework .
Using PyQt , you can create Python applications that look and feel like native applications regardless of whether they happen to be running on Linux , OS X , or Windows .
The application files themselves , however , do not look like native executables ; they are simply Python files and require Python , PyQt , and other dependencies to be installed to run .
Needless to say , you cannot distribute your applications in this manner unless your target audience is entirely comprised of alpha geeks .
To provide a usable user experience that is consistent with native applications , you can bundle PyQt applications into native executables for each of the platforms you 're supporting .
When deploying on OS X , for example , you can bundle your PyQt application into a standalone OS X application bundle .
This process , which involves the use of the excellent py2app application , comes with several gotchas that I had n't bargained on .
Specifically , you cannot build standalone application bundles with the system python in OS X using py2app .
If you want to build standalone PyQt apps , I recommend setting up Python , PyQt , etc. , under MacPorts .
If you 're comfortable with Terminal and do n't need to be spoon fed , here 's a quick overview of how to get your system in shape to compile standalone OS X application bundles from PyQt apps using py2app on Leopard 10.5.5 ( which happens to be the only operating system version I 've tested this on ; this may work on other versions of OS X but YMMV ) .
( If you need step - by - step instructions , see the Macports installation details section , below ) .
Setting up MacPorts
Install MacPorts .
You will be installing Python , PyQt , py2app and everything else you need under MacPorts and using that environment for everything .
Install the following portfiles : python25 , py25 - macholib - devel , py25 - sip , py25 - pyqt4 , py25 - py2 app - devel , py25 - pyqt , python_select .
Note that I am installing the - devel version of py25 - py2app , as well as py25 - macholib - devel on purpose .
I could n't get it to work with the stable versions .
You may have to deactivate py25 - macholib if it gets installed automatically as a dependency for py25 - py2 app - devel ( this is what I did , but I 'm assuming that installing py25 - macholib - devel before py25 - py2 app - devel should mean that you wo n't have to ) .
Deploying a PyQt application as a Mac OS X application bundle
Once you 've successfully installed everything under MacPorts , change your environment to use the version of Python in Macports via python_select :
sudo python_select python25
Once you 're done , create a setup.py file for py2app .
Something along the lines of the following example :
from setuptools import setup APP = [ ' myapp.pyw ' ]
OPTIONS = {'argv_emulation ' :
True , ' includes ' : [ ' sip ' , ' PyQt4._qt ' ] } setup ( app=APP , options={' py2app ' : OPTIONS} , setup_requires=[' py2app ' ] , )
Note that the includes array contains sip and PyQt4._qt .
Those two entries are essential if you 're bundling a PyQt app .
Finally , issue the following command to create a standalone OS X application bundle from your application :
python setup.py py2app
That 's it .
Double click on your app , which you can find in the dist folder and it should run .
If you run into any problems , see the My Macports setup section , below , for an exact dump of my Macports portfiles that you can use to compare ( obtained using port installed ) .
Read on if you want to the full story and details of how I got my system up and running with MacPorts to deploy OS X app bundles using PyQt and py2app .
I 'm including this with as much information ( error messages , etc. , as possible so that others may find this post if they 're similarly stuck . )
Or , if you 're not interested , you can jump to the Reference section .
The gory details
My initial attempt at creating a standalone PyQt app with py2app resulted in the app crashing on launch .
The error message :
Fatal Python error : Interpreter not initialized ( version mismatch ? )
Judging by the error message , and emboldened by a forum exchange between Derrick Hendricks and Christopher Baker I guessed that the conflict was due to my having two versions of Python installed ( the System python and a 2.5 through MacPorts ) .
So I removed MacPorts completely , ran py2app again and the app launched but with a different error :
ImportError : '/ System / Library / Frameworks /Python.framework/Versions/2.5/lib/python2.5/lib-dynload/PyQt4/QtCore.so' not found
Searching for a solution , I stumbled upon a thread where someone who ran into the same issue suggested adding the following line to __boot__.py in the Contents / Resources folder of the application bundle :
sys.path = [ os.path.join(os.environ[' RESOURCEPATH ' ] , ' lib ' , ' python2.5 ' , ' lib - dynload ' ) ] + sys.path
Unfortunately , doing that caused the app to crash at launch .
It was only when I actually read the output from py2app that I noticed that it appeared to be creating a semi-standalone app instead of the standalone app that I asked it to create .
In retrospect , I should have realized this from the very first error since I should not have gotten a version mismatch error on the Python interpreter if it had been correctly embedded in the app bundle .
The message in the py2app log read :
creating . .
./bdist.macosx-10.5-i386/python2.5-semi_standalone/app/collect/PyQt4
A Google search later , I had a thread where someone else was having the same problem and I found a definitive answer from Bob Ippolito , one of my Python heroes and the author of py2app , stating the following :
[ py2 app ] refuses to build a standalone bundle out of the system framework .
OK , that 's something that should be in the docs page on H1 !
( I could n't find any mention of it in the docs at all . )
This makes sense , as David Warde - Farley states in a forum posting :
First of all , if you want to build bundle .app 's that are redistributable , it 's a good idea not to use the system Python , especially if you want to support Tiger ( 10.4 ) .
There are things in Apple 's Python ( i.e. DTrace support ) that I imagine wo n't play nicely on an older OS .
At this point , I knew that I had to install a separate Python and decided to use MacPorts .
It did take a while to install everything but that approach paid off in the end .
Reference
My Macports setup
Here 's a full list of my MacPorts setup ( which I set up specifically to compile PyQt apps with py2app , so there are n't any superfluous packages in there ) which you can compare to yours if something is n't working :
autoconf @ 2.63_0 ( active )
automake @ 1.10.1_0 ( active )
dbus @ 1.2.4_2 ( active )
expat @ 2.0.1_0 ( active )
gettext @ 0.17_3 ( active )
gperf @ 3.0.3_0 ( active )
help2man @ 1.36.4_1 ( active )
jpeg @ 6b_3 ( active )
lcms @ 1.17_0 ( active )
libiconv @ 1.12_0 ( active )
libmng @ 1.0.10_0 ( active )
libpng @ 1.2.33_0 ( active )
libtool @ 1.5.26_0 ( active )
m4 @ 1.4.12_1 ( active )
ncurses @ 5.7_0 ( active )
ncursesw @ 5.7_0 ( active )
openssl @ 0.9.8i_0 ( active )
p5-locale - gettext @ 1.05_0 ( active )
perl5 @ 5.8.8_0+darwin_9
perl5.8 @ 5.8.8_3 +darwin_9 ( active )
pkgconfig @ 0.23_1 ( active )
py25-altgraph @ 0.6.7_0 ( active )
py25 - bdist_mpkg @ 0.4.3_0 ( active )
py25-hashlib @ 2.5.2_0 ( active )
py25 - macholib @1.1_0
py25-macholib - devel @ 1.2_0 ( active )
py25-modulegraph-devel @ 0.7.2_0 ( active )
py25 -py2app - devel @ 0.4.2_0 ( active )
py25 -pyqt4 @ 4.4.3_0 ( active )
py25-setuptools @ 0.6c9_0 ( active )
py25-sip @ 4.7.6_0 ( active )
py25-zlib @ 2.5.2_0 ( active )
python25 @ 2.5.2_5 +darwin_9 ( active )
python_select @ 0.1_4+darwin_9 ( active )
qt4-mac @ 4.4.3_0+dbus+docs ( active )
tiff @ 3.8.2_2+darwin_9 +macosx ( active )
zlib @ 1.2.3_2 ( active )
Macports installation details
Here are step - by - step instructions on how I got things working :
Install MacPorts sudo port install python25 sudo port install py25 - macholib - devel sudo port install py25 - sip sudo port install py25 - pyqt4 sudo port install py25 - py2 app - devel sudo port -v install py25 - pyqt sudo port install python_select
Note that at one point during the PyQt installation , MacPorts aborted with :
Target org.macports.activate returned : Image error : / opt/local / bin / a2 p is being used by the active perl5.8 port .
Please deactivate this port first , or use the -f flag to force the activation .
It appears that there were two versions of PERL installed .
I simply restarted the installation ( sudo port install py25 - pyqt ) and , after waiting a long while , and having to restart it once more , it completed successfully in installing Qt and PyQt .
( Note that the PyQt installation will take seemingly forever so it might be an idea to ( a ) start it in verbose mode , as shown above , so you know it 's still doing something and has n't hung , and ( b ) set up a growlnotify message to let you know when the process is complete . )
AlexDixon , via Flickr
I really , really want to like Christmas .
It would make my wife deliriously happy if I did , so I try hard every year .
But I lose the battle every year .
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
I was brought up culturally , though not very religiously , Jewish .
Until I got married to a woman brought up Christian , Christmas was a day to go out for Chinese food or to the movies or , preferably , both .
When I was a kid and most of my friends were celebrating Christmas , I got my Hanukkah presents and ate my mother ’s latkes and was pretty happy with that .
I felt a bit left out that other kids got to sit on Santa ’s lap and I did n’t , but that was never a big deal .
But that was in the days before Christmas started in September .
No matter how hard I try , I ca n’t ignore it when my local Target is putting up displays of Christmas merchandise three months ahead of time .
And even the stores that do n’t jump the gun that egregiously still mostly put their Christmas stuff up at the same time they take the Halloween stuff down .
I do n’t care if it ’s more efficient that way ; it ’s still way too early .
It ’s not just the decorations , either , of course : it ’s the music , too .
As fellow GeekDad Z pointed out last week , some Christmas songs do n’t deserve to be played that much .
I ’d go further , and say that no song , no matter how good it is , deserves to be played as many times as the
" standard " Christmas songs are this time of year .
Even the songs that are n’t specifically Christmas - related , like " Jingle Bells " and " Winter
Wonderland , " get repeated over and over again to the point where they can only be described with the term ad nauseam .
The Christmas things all around build on one another .
Christmas seems to be trying so hard for me to like it that I ca n’t help but hate it , as though it were an ad campaign that was constantly in your face .
I wish for a time machine that could take me to my in - laws ’ house on
Christmas Eve , where family , good cheer , and good food really are the most important things .
Because then the Christmas carols on the stereo there would n’t make me want to put on headphones and listen to my iPod , and I would n’t have to force myself to smile every time someone says
" Merry Christmas . "
I love watching my kids enjoy Christmas , and I do n’t want to hate it .
But I do .
Lest you think I believe Hanukkah should be played up just as much , I assure you I do n’t .
Hanukkah is , religiously , a fairly minor holiday in
Judaism , and only has the prominence it does today because it happens to fall at the same time of year as Christmas .
The only reason the tradition of giving gifts for Hanukkah exists is because it helps
Jewish kids feel less left out when all their Christian friends are getting loads of them .
In my family we celebrate Hanukkah as well as
Christmas , giving only a few small gifts for the former and saving the bigger gifts for the latter .
I would n’t do very much for Hanukkah , honestly , if it did n’t feel like I was surrendering to the monster that is Christmas by not making a big deal about it .
I feel bad about it , because I know it upsets my wife , and it ’s not her fault that her holiday has gotten so overblown by society at large .
She probably dislikes the commercialization of Christmas even more than I do , because it ’s a holiday that has some fond memories for her .
Unfortunately , though , until retailers wake up and realize that nobody , anywhere , wants to hear " Little Drummer Boy " or " Here Comes Santa Claus " six times a day for a month , and that people are just as likely to buy their merchandise even if they do n’t have seventy Christmas trees all around their stores , the forces against my willpower will remain too strong .
A selection of modern anarchist writings by women
Why half the world 's children go to bed hungry [ 1991 ]
It 's hard to know how any one can consider capitalism a viable system when looking at the situation of the less developed countries .
A recent UN report estimates that 30 million people face starvation .
Yet EC beef , butter and wine mountains rot in European warehouses , farmers are ploughing crops back into the land , in US corn belt fields of wheat are burnt .
Abortion : It 's every Womans Right to Choose [ 1992 ]
Anarchists believe that every woman has the right to choose an abortion when faced with a crisis pregnancy irrespective of the reasons for the abortion .
At least 4,000 Irish women have abortions in England every year at present .
Equality for some women ? [ 1992 ]
It is n't sexism that holds us in the worse paid jobs but rather the economic reality of the capitalism system .
To survive in the market place any company has to be competitive , to maximise profits .
In todays society , creches and child - care are a luxury that the profit motive can rarely afford .
The not very ' natural ' oppression of women [ 1992 ]
In the majority of societies half our species ( women ) has been held in an inferior position to the other half ( men ) .
Why is this the case ?
The answer to this question should explain two things .
It should explain why today with all our equal rights legislation women are still second class citizens , and secondly it should indicate the mechanisms and tactics we have to use to achieve womens ' liberation .
Sex , Class and the Queen of England [ 1992 ]
Violence and discrimination against women are still very real .
Large numbers of women want to fight back .
Aileen O'Carroll looks at some of the issues .
Can women of all classes share a common goal ?
Should women organise separately ?
Is there a connection between fighting sexism and fighting capitalism ?
Abortion vote [ 1992 ]
We are being faced with three separate , and each in their own way highly insulting , referenda .
These are on the right to Travel , the right to Information and on the right to Abortion in certain very restricted circumstances .
Anarchists will be voting Yes to Travel , Yes to Information and No to the so called ' " pro-life " ' wording .
Famine in Somalia [ 1992 ]
THE FAMINE in Somalia has once again focussed attention on the problems of the less developed countries .
Much of the response to the crisis is a short term one in the form of food aid .
However in order to understand the causes of this and other famines in Africa it is necessary to race back the roots of the problem to colonisation and imperialism .
Anti-abortionists told to SPUC OFF ! [ 1993 ]
} Where previously the church was an almost unquestioned authority on moral issues in Ireland , now the positions many Irish people hold on social issues are in direct conflict with the church .
The most recent example of this were the abortion referenda held on November 26th , 1992 .
Review : Anarchism by Daniel Guerin [ 1993 ]
This book is an easy reading introduction to the main ideas in anarchist thought and the events that have helped to form them .
Bigots send for sherrif [ 1993 ]
THE FIGHT between SPUC and the student unions over the provision of abortion information has entered a new phase .
SPUC 's solicitors , are now seeking costs from the student unions for the earlier stages of the case .
The Myth of the Student Radical [ 1993 ]
There is a commonly held idea that universities are some sort of " red nucleus " , a hotbed of activism and socialism .
The fact is that students come from many different backgrounds and classes , although mainly ' middle ' and upper class .
There is no underlying political or economic interest that unites or could unite all students .
New law aids pimps and protection rackets [ 1993 ]
Tagged on to the end of the Criminal Law ( Sexual Offences )
Act 1993 were further restrictions on prostitution .
Under the new act , prostitutes are now liable to fines of up to £ 1,000 and up to six months in prison .
Freedom & Revolution [ 1994 ]
Does the end justify the means ?
Many on the left belive so .
Aileen O'Carroll argues that the means used play a part in creating the end that is achieved .
The best example of this is the Russian Revolution of 1917 .
Burn that witch [ 1994 ]
' Not Your Girl ' , a women 's radio programme was taken off the air at Anna Livia FM by an all - male Board of Directors just before Christmas .
Waiting on the housing list [ 1994 ]
3,500 households are waiting for housing in Dublin .
The average wait for a local authority house in Dublin is now two years and rising .
Loud and Proud [ 1994 ]
The coming into effect last June of legislation which decriminalised certain male homosexual acts was the subject of much celebration in the gay community .
For many it was felt the battle for equality had been won .
The heroin menace [ 1994 ]
Dublin is experiencing a heroin epidemic similar to the in the late 1970s .
That epidemic left hundreds of young people hooked on heroin and dozens of them have since died of AIDS and AIDS related diseases .
Some big criminals made fortunes out of it
Travellers fighting back [ 1995 ]
Patricia McCarthy examines the history of Irish Travellers ' struggle for civil rights and ethnic recognition .
Their struggles have much in common with those of Indigenous people worldwide and with the struggles of Native Americans and Australian Aboriginals and also with the struggles of Gypsies , Travellers and nomads against racism and oppression .
Government schemes to hammer unemployed [ 1995 ]
Community Employment Schemes ( CE ) were introduced by the Government last year and have replaced all the other schemes , such as S.E.S .
No room at the refuge [ 1995 ]
An Eastern Health Board report published in December 1994 , shows a huge increase in the number of homeless people put up in Bed and Breakfast accommodation by the Health Board .
Anarchism and Religion [ 1995 ]
The popular stereotype of anarchists ' relationship to religion is that we are all priest - killers and church - burners .
This is , as is usually the case with mainstream representations of anarchism , almost completely false .
Who are the Travellers ? [ 1995 ]
Travellers are a distinct " ethnic " group with their own traditions and customs .
Very few people want to accept that they are .
This reflects the widespread racism towards them , a racism which insists on seeing them as " failed settled people " .
Drug Crisis : Dublin Communities Organise [ 1996 ]
The heroin epidemic in Dublin is causing major problems for addicts and for the communities where they live .
Oddly enough you would not get any inkling of this crisis from the bourgeois press .
That is because the epidemic and its effects are confined to the inner city and the working class suburbs like Ballymun , Tallaght , Clondalkin and Blanchardstown .
Homeless in Ireland in 1996 [ 1996 ]
How big a problem is hopelessness in Ireland and who is most affected
Emma Goldman [ 1996 ]
A brief look at the life and writings of Emma Goldman
Church sells off The Secret Garden [ 1997 ]
There has been a Community Training Workshop in the grounds of All Hallows College for the past fifteen years .
The workshop takes most of its trainees from the prisons and the probation service .
Their landlord ( the Catholic Church ) has sold the land the workshop is on to a private housing developer
Girl Power ?
what a shower ! [ 1997 ]
Alice Nutter of Chumbawamba on the Spice Girls ' Girl Power '
Organising & Agitating [ 1998 ]
' Do n't mourn , Organise ' , Joe Hill said before he was executed by the US state .
It 's nothing more than common sense to say that two heads are better than one .
The more people working together , the more that can be achieved .
But organisation is more than the coming together of kindred spirits .
Dublin Dockland to be developed - Who will benefit ? [ 1998 ]
The Dublin Docklands , from Ringsend to Sheriff Street , are starting a very major re-development which will take place over the next fifteen years .
Already the property developers are in the area buying up the land , a lot of which is owned by state and semi-state companies .
Mujeres Libres [ 1998 ]
Mujeres Libres ( Free Women ) were a group of women anarchists who organised and fought both for women 's liberation and an anarchist revolution during the Spanish Civil War .
The work they did is truly inspirational .
Louise Michel [ 1998 ]
Louise Michel was a French anarchist women who fought in the Paris commune and after escaping the death penalty spent the rest of her live in the anarchist movement .
Review : African Anarchism :
The history of a movement [ 1998 ]
This book is written by two members of the Awareness League , a 1000 - strong anarcho - syndicalist organisation in Nigeria
The Platform : What 's in it ? [ 1998 ]
So you want to change the world ?
What next ?
Unsurprisingly this simple question has provoked much discussion among anarchists .
Aileen O'Carroll looks at the answer provided by some Russians .
The Anarchist Collectives in the Countryside during the Spanish Civil War [ 1999 ]
In the rural parts of the Republican zone , under the influence of CNT and FAI ( Federation of Iberian Anarchists ) members , collectivisation was the most far reaching .
Is This As Good As It Gets ? [ 1999 ]
Lets not talk about the Celtic Tiger bringing prosperity .
Pay levels have stayed the same , tax rates have increased and there has been the massive increase in property prices throughout the country .
A third of todays wage earners can no longer afford to buy a home of their own .
Free Women of Spain [ 1999 ]
Conditions for the vast majority of people in Spain in the 1920s and 1930s were appalling .
For women they were especially bad .
In the two years before the 1936 revolution , two groups of anarchist women in Barcelona and Madrid had begun organising .
Abortion : the medical procedure that dare not speak its name [ 1999 ]
OVER THE SUMMER there were developments in the long struggle over women 's rights to control their own bodies .
Anarchism in the Land of the Rising Sun ( and falling Yen ) [ 1999 ]
In Japan anarchist ideas were first popularised by Kotoku Shusui and the movement grew despite severe repression into the 1920's .
Beyond the ' Days of action against global capital ' [ 2000 ]
For decades , the organisations that manage capitalism have met to divvy up the world among themselves .
For the first time , their role as dealers of poverty and misery has been exposed by thousands of angry protesters .
Anarchists and the right to choose [ 2000 ]
We envisage an anarchist society as a society where people are free to make choices about their own lives .
For women , this includes the decision whether or not to become pregnant , whether or not to remain pregnant , whether or not to have children .
Sex , Class and womens oppression
A 14 page pamphlet of anarchist articles against the oppression of women .
It 's a PDF file so you can print it out complete with graphics and distribute it locally !
Review : The Corrosion of Character [ 2001 ]
This is a thoughtful and thought provoking book .
It describes a section of society that is affluent and yet hollow and empty .
Anyone working in a Celtic Tiger computer company will find much to think about in this book .
Attempt to curtail protest defeated [ 2001 ]
If Dublin Corporation had their way , there would be no more large marches in the city centre .
In April they tried to introduce new by - laws which would prevent protests occurring in O'Connell Street .
What did you hear about Genoa ? [ 2001 ]
Review of TV coverage of the Genoa G8 protests by an Irish anarchist looking at the assumptions made by the media coverage .
Bolivia : debtors armed with dynamite and molotovs [ 2001 ]
In La Paz , a group of small debtors armed with dynamite and molotovs occupied the building of a banking supervisory agency .
There they held hostage 94 of the institution 's functionaries
Vote
No in government 's anti-choice referendum [ 2002 ]
As we face into campaigning against yet another abortion referendum we are taking this opportunity to detail why we this is such an important issue for us .
Abortion rights -
It 's up to you and me [ 2002 ]
Media ' experts ' and commentators have been saying that the progressive changes that occurred around contraception , divorce and equal age of consent for gays in Ireland in the early to mid-nineties were a natural result of modernisation of Irish society and occurred because liberal politicians decided to push for these changes .
We are supposed to feel that only our rulers can change things , that the rest of us are pretty powerless .
Well , it 's not true .
Women - still carrying the baby at work and home !! [ 2002 ]
Over the last 100 years , there is no doubt that women 's situation in most first world countries has improved dramatically .
Now that we 've reached the 21st century , many would say that sexist inequality no longer really exists .
However , if we take a brief look at just one aspect of our lives - work - it is clear that there is still a lot left to fight for .
Low pay = Jobs ?
A global lie [ 2002 ]
A low paid job is better than no job .
At least that 's what those supporting corporate Globalisation argue .
Big companies like Nike and Gap pay workers badly , expect them to work long hours in appalling conditions , buy off or exclude their trade - unions but at least at the end of the day , these workers take home a pay packet .
An American Addiction : Drugs , Guerillas , Counterinsurgency - US Intervention in Colombia . [ 2002 ]
Almost all of the 1.7 bn in ' aid ' travelling to Colombia is in the form of chemical and biological warfare and money that is given to the military and paramilitaries ( almost one and the same ) who in turn are responsible for the majority of atrocities committed as well as being the main proponents of narcotics - trafficking in the country .
Israel / Palestine : Roots of the conflict [ 2002 ]
The historical roots of the current conflict in the Middle East
Politics of the car [ 2002 ]
With growing traffic jams , longer journeys to work and increasing road deaths Aileen O'Carroll makes a contribution to the debate about how to get out of this mess .
Chile : 30 years of 9 - 11 protests [ 2003 ]
Throughout the country Chileans commemorate September 11th 1973 , the day of Pinochets bloody ( US facilitated ) coup .
This is a longer version of the article than the one that appears in the printed / PDF editions
Repressing Abortion in Ireland by Mary Favier ( Doctors For Choice ) [ 2003 ]
The Republic of Ireland has one of the most draconian abortion laws in the world .
At present abortion may only be performed where continuation of pregnancy poses a ' real and substantial ' risk to a pregnant woman 's life - about 5 cases per year of 50,000 pregnancies
Industrial Collectivisation during the Spanish Revolution by Deirdre Hogan [ 2003 ]
Within hours of the start of the Spanish revolution workers had seized control of 3000 enterprises .
This included all public transportation services , shipping , electric and power companies , gas and water works , engineering and automobile assembly plants , mines , cement works , textile mills and paper factories , electrical and chemical concerns , glass bottle factories and perfumeries , food processing plants and breweries .
Anarcha - Feminism [ 2004 ]
An important principle of anarchism and one that more than any other differentiates it from other types of socialism is its emphasis on freedom and non-hierarchical social relations .
Central to anarchism is the rejection of any power hierarchy between men and women .
International Women 's Day [ 2004 ]
International Women 's Day is an expressly political day .
In 1907 women sweatshop workers marched in New York and thus the first International Women 's day was born .
Hijab : lifting the veil [ 2004 ]
Standing up to religious oppression or state racism ?
Ultimately we believe that people should have the freedom to dress whatever way they like .
This means freedom from state interference and freedom from religious interference in how one should dress .
On the frontlines of the health crisis [ 2004 ]
An interview with Dr. Ciara McMeel , a GP working in West Tallaght
Abortion Rights Still Denied [ 2004 ]
In 1861 , abortion was made a criminal offence in Ireland .
One hundred and forty three years later the Irish government continues to deny women their right to choice .
Ireland 's ' Traditional ' Racism Remains
An interview with Mrs Ellen Mongan , a Traveller with seven children .
It 's 2004 and close to 1,000 Traveller famlies are still living on the roadside without access to basic facilities - water , sanitation or electricity
We Don't Want Your Vote
Most , if not all , of the left wing political parties in Ireland are standing candidates in the up - coming local elections .
Members of the Workers Solidarity Movement will not be joining them
Deported to be Mutilated ? [ 2004 ]
Make Female Genital Mutilation Grounds for Asylum
International Women 's Day [ 2005 ]
International Women 's Day ( IWD ) is on 8th March and is an inherently political event that started in 1910 when Clara Zetkin proposed that it be celebrated every year around the world at the Second International Conference of Socialist Women .
Sex , Class and womens oppression
A 14 page pamphlet of anarchist articles against the oppression of women .
It 's a PDF file so you can print it out complete with graphics and distribute it locally !
Text of talks
Feminism & Anarchism [ 1992 ]
Basically we view feminism as a progressive movement but one which is capable of taking up confused and sometimes reactionary demands because it fails to locate the cause of womens oppression in the class nature of capitalist society .
Feminism & Anarchism again [ 1993 ]
I am going to look at the different traditions of political thought that have developed to critique this vision of women 's role in society .
There are broadly speaking , four theories ; Liberal Feminism , Traditional Marxism , Radical Feminism and Socialist Feminism .
Why women are not yet liberated ? [ 1992 ]
A lot of the institutionalised oppression that women such as my mother would have argued against in the 1960's has disappeared .
Yet it is also obvious that women are still far from equal .
For the majority of us , our right to choose the way of life we wish to lead is as limited as it has always been .
The Left and the Fight for Women 's Liberation [ 1993 ]
The struggle for women 's liberation has generally been bound up with other , wider social and economic changes .
The first written evidence of equality with men being put seriously on the agenda was during the reformation starting in the sixteenth century .
Abortion in Ireland - Historical Perspective and current campaigning [ 1992 ]
Abortion was totally illegal in Ireland under all circumstances until the Supreme Court judgement in the " X " case earlier this year , which seems to permit abortion in the extremely limited case of threatened suicide by the mother .
The 1861 Offences against the Persons Act states that any person " performing , attempting and or assisting in an abortion is liable to penal servitude for life " .
Emma Goldman [ 1993 ]
What initially drew Goldman to anarchism was the outcry that followed the Haymarket Square tragedy in 1886 in Chicago .
Emma Goldman had followed the event intensely and on the day of the hanging she decided to become a revolutionary .
The Paris Commune [ 1993 ]
The commune was formally installed in the Hotel de Ville two days later in the glorious spring sunshine of Tuesday , 28 March .
The national Guard battalions assembled , the names of the newly elected members were read out , as , wearing red , they lined up on the steps of the Hotel de Ville under a canopy surmounted by a bust to the republic .
On high the red flag was flying as it had done ever since 18 March and guns saluted the proclamation of the Paris Commune
Racism [ 1994 ]
Any discussion of Racism needs to examine the roots of Racism in order to understand it and to struggle against it effectively .
There are basically 3 explanations for the existence of racism .
Racism and Irish travellers [ 1995 ]
Irish travellers are an ethnic minority who are culturally separate to the rest of Irish society .
Because they are white and most of the are Irish , people reject the idea that the concept of racism applies to them .
However an examination of policies and practises operated by the state and by non-state bodies clearly shows that it is racism that defines these policies and practises .
Mujeres Libres [ 1995 ]
The women who founded Mujeres Libres were all active within the anarchist movement , in the CNT or in the FIJL , however as women they were in a minority and found it difficult to incorporate more women into the activist core , either because of the sexism of the men , or because of the reluctance of the women or a combination of both
The Limerick soviet of 1919 [ 1994 ]
The first problem facing the strikers was how to feed Limericks 38,000 inhabitants .
The committee sat in secession all of monday organising food distrubution .
The committee was divided into two sections , one to recieve food and one to deliver it .
Hundreds of special permits were issued allowing shops to open
York , Pa .
You may have heard of it from such things as the rock band Live , delicious chocolate - covered chewy mint candy , your air conditioner , and yours truly .
Add one more to the list : A gnarly outbreak of herpes gladitorum on the York College of Pennsylvania 's wrestling mat .
( Disclosure : During my high school years , I swam in the YCP pool .
I 've never wrestled anyone . )
Three college wrestlers filed a lawsuit against their coaches and the school , alleging the team violated NCAA rules by knowingly letting guys with herpes engage in full - contact practices .
The virus spread to the three plaintiffs , and now they want at least $ 50,000 in damages .
* Thanks to Justin for the tip , via Courthouse News Service .
What Donald Rumsfield failed to mention when he famously said that America had to " go to war with the army it has " in response to criticisms from soldiers about a lack of armor is that the US went to war with the army it could n't be bothered upgrading .
The US Marine Corps asked the Pentagon 's inspector general to perform the audit after coming under fire for setting aside an urgent request from field commanders in 2005 for Mine Resistant Ambush Protected ( MRAP ) armored vehicles .
" DoD ( Department of Defense ) was aware of the threat posed by mines and improvised explosive devices ( IEDs ) in low - intensity conflicts and of the availability of mine - resistant vehicles years before insurgent actions began in Iraq in 2003 , " the audit found .
" Yet DoD did not develop requirements for , fund , or acquire MRAP - type vehicles for low - intensity conflicts that involved mines and IEDs , " a summary of the report said .
" As a result , the department entered into operations in Iraq without having taken available steps to acquire technology to mitigate the known mine and IED risk to soldiers and Marines , " it said .
Heads should roll for this , even now , including those in charge of Marine Corps procurement , the Corps itself and Rummie as top man at the DoD at the time ( and we all know where the buck eventually stops ) .
Their inertia and lack of action even long after it was obvious what was needed led to hundreds of unnecessary deaths and tens of thousands of wounded , ruined lives .
We 're talking about at least half the entire butcher 's bill from Bush 's military adventures .
This is n't a matter of history to the crippled , the dead and their families and justice demands accountability .
Can servicemen even bring a class action suit ?
I 'm thinking about if the powers - that - be wo n't respond appropriately , which I highly doubt they will .
User profile : 170384 Blog Penguins In Tel Aviv It Must Be The Annual Open Source Convention
This is 170384 Blog Penguins In Tel Aviv It Must Be The Annual Open Source Convention 's personal page .
170384 Blog Penguins In Tel Aviv It Must Be The Annual Open Source Convention
Dear President - elect Obama :
First , congratulations on your victory .
The historical magnitude of your presidential win is nothing short of stupendous and a colossal fulfillment of the American dream ( an achievement embedded long ago in the equality clauses of the Declaration of Independence ) .
Your life has served and will serve as an example to countless millions , and I pray that you will live up to that honorable position and responsibility .
Now that Democrats have a virtual monopoly over our land , with control of the White House , both houses of Congress , a majority of gubernatorial positions , state legislatures , the courts , the news media , the unions and the entertainment and educational fields , it would be relatively easy for you to rule as king , casting liberal edicts in any direction .
But now will come your biggest test :
Will you be able to lead the other half of the country that does n't agree with your vision , views and policies ?
It 's no big surprise that I do n't see politically eye - to - eye with you .
Actually , I stand in stark opposition to most of your politics .
Still , even in our differences , I realize that we must learn to work together if we are to see our country get back on track .
After Election Day , I asked myself , despite the outcome , how can I work for our new president to help better America ?
Then the thought occurred to me , the first question that should be answered is :
How will you work for me ?
After all , it is " We , the People " of the Constitution for whom you are employed , correct ?
So I outlined a few ways you might begin to gain the respect of those who oppose you and show that your campaign pledges to bridge the divides were not empty promises to get you into office .
And these requests I make are based upon the inaugural oath you will make on Jan. 20 , " I do solemnly swear that I will faithfully execute the office of president of the United States , and will to the best of my ability , preserve , protect and defend the Constitution of the United States . "
No doubt these wo n't be my only suggestions through the years , but they serve as a good beginning :
TRENDING : With only days to go until debate , Pelosi gives Biden an out : ' Why bother ? '
1. Use and cite the Constitution .
If that constitutional oath ( " preserve , protect and defend " ) is the central duty of your job description , then I would assume we will be hearing often from you about exactly how you are doing just that .
There is no replacement for strict adherence , application and defense of the Constitution .
And it 's high time that presidents quit tritely reciting the presidential oath only to abandon its tenets when they enter the Oval Office .
You should be publicly quoting from the Constitution as often as a preacher quotes the Bible to his congregation – at least weekly .
If you take this oath and challenge seriously , you will limit the powers of federal government , reduce taxes ( for everyone ) , encourage the freedom of religion and expression ( even in the public square ) and stand up for such things as our right to bear arms .
The American public and the government have lost their grip on the content and role of the Constitution , and , if you choose , you can help to re-educate and model its usage for them .
2. Protect American life .
Thomas Jefferson wrote in 1809 , " The care of human life and happiness , and not their destruction , is the first and only legitimate object of good government . "
Those are powerful and enlightening words – " first and only legitimate object of good government . "
Of course , such a role was created and secured in the very fabric of our nation – in the Declaration of Independence .
The commitment to protect life should serve as a basis to all you do , even as a foundation for your national defense strategy or to protect human life from the womb to the grave .
I 'm sure the first of your secret briefings this last week on our global security threats have opened your eyes some to the extensive onslaught of our enemies .
Do n't allow your pride , partisanship , personal bias or political abilities to ever jeopardize the safety of Americans lives .
As commander in chief , you are called to preserve American life .
Quite frankly , that is why I 'm surprised that a man like you , who professes to fight for minorities , would not recognize the clear value of a human life in the womb .
Federal law should not decree the sacrifice of one human life for the preference of another .
Both lives should be protected .
Otherwise what do Jefferson 's 1809 words mean ?
As president , you are called to protect ( not destroy ) human life – it is the " first and only legitimate object of good government .
3 . Learn from the mistakes of your Democratic predecessors .
I 'm referring specifically to presidents Carter and Clinton .
Despite how many trumpet their accomplishments today , they learned big lessons at our expense about international diplomacy and economic recovery .
Carter 's diplomatic naïveté , combined with his overly altruistic belief that America 's enemies can be won by a smile and handshake , ultimately gave rise to Ahmadinejad 's Iranian regime .
Furthermore , Carter 's handling of our economic affairs also led to the highest interest , inflation and unemployment rates in history .
You were only a young man , I realize , but I respectfully wonder if you know of those lessons , or might be doomed to repeat them ?
You can increase the taxes of individuals who make more than $ 200,000 .
You can impose the same on companies and corporations .
But do n't believe for a minute that they are n't even now making plans and moving their monies into overseas accounts .
Any businessman knows that such tax increases will trickle down to employees , shareholders , consumers or further tempt them to take their productivity abroad where costs are lower .
And what will be the effect on our economy ?
Is n't it obvious ?
And do n't forget this :
Bush is only partially to blame for our economic woes .
Remember , it was the Clinton administration in 1999 that was the primary contributor to our Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae subprime fiasco ( and subsequent Wall Street bailout need ) , by extending billions of mortgage loans to those who would n't or could n't ever pay them back .
Though gloating over his end - term budget surplus , Clinton paved the path through his government backing of millions of toxic mortgages to low income households – all of which would turn into gargantuan balloon payments years down the road that would bankrupt corporations and lead to our economic recession .
4 . Lead more from the center .
It 's been pointed out by countless pundits .
Your track record is clear .
You have one of the most liberal records in the Senate .
You 've had the liberty of voting and fighting for an agenda " from the left , " as you 've tried to persuade state and congressional constituents to do the same .
But if you continue to lead our country down a more liberal road , you will follow the peril of Clinton as well .
He stepped into office and initially tried to lift the ban on gays in the military and extend abortion rights , only to prompt the creation of a more - balanced and strong Republican Congress in the 1990s .
Do n't underestimate the resurrecting power of the conservative voice .
You observed in Tuesday 's election how three states across this union voted to protect marriage in their constitutions ( the 28th , 29th and 30th states to do so – California , Arizona and Florida ) .
We will be watching how you lead Pelosi and Reid .
We will be observing those you select as candidates for Supreme Court justices .
The election is over .
No more promises .
No more words .
You might work well in a team , but this time you do n't have congressional members to hide behind .
You 're on your own – leading the pack – and the whole country is watching .
Especially me .
So make sure you lead more from the center .
There is one thing I will be specifically doing for you , as you carry the weight to lead our nation .
I will be praying for you .
As the scripture says , " I urge , then , first of all , that requests , prayers , intercession and thanksgiving be made for everyone – for kings and all those in authority , that we may live peaceful and quiet lives in all godliness and holiness . "
You have my word – I 'll be praying .
One of your 300 million bosses ,
Chuck Norris
Here is what a Nikon D3 looks like cut in half .
Look how much glass is in a zoom lens !?!?!?
It somehow makes me feel better about how much money i have spent on them ....
The Royal Navy and BAE Systems plc were pleased as punch yesterday to announce that their implementation of Windows for Submarines™ is complete ahead of schedule .
Windows boxes on Ethernet LANs are now in control of the UK 's nuclear - propelled and nuclear - armed warship fleet .
The programme is called Submarine Command System Next Generation ( SMCS NG ) , and uses varying numbers of standard multifunction consoles with two LCD screens , hooked up on an internal Ethernet network installed on each sub .
Initial reports as the programme developed suggested that the OS in question would be Windows 2000 , but those who have worked on it have since informed the Reg that in fact it is mostly based on XP .
BAE and the Navy say the project has completed early , as many of the systems were installed extremely fast .
The entire command system of HMS Vigilant , a Trident nuclear - missile submarine , was apparently replaced with the SMCS - NG Windows LAN in just 18 days , according to BAE .
The use of commercial - off - the - shelf technology is expected to save the taxpayer as much as £ 22 m in support costs over the next ten years - a bit more than £ 2 m a year , or about a thousandth off Trident 's running costs .
“ This is a fantastic achievement , " said Captain Pat O'Neill .
" From speaking to operators and maintainers , I know how much they like SMCS NG .
BAE Systems ' work is proof that we can get commercial off the shelf technology to sea quickly and support it affordably . "
Many in the software community have viewed the Royal Navy 's wholesale move to Windows - based command systems with concern , feeling that the savings are not such as to justify possible losses in security , reliability and assurance .
In addition to the existing nuclear submarine fleet , the RN will use similar equipment to handle its new Type 45 destroyers in combat , and versions of SMCS - NG will also lie at the core of the upcoming Astute - class subs .
Here on the Reg naval desk , we'd go relatively easy on submarine worries - even the Trident boats - as sub command LANs are by their nature very isolated and physically secure , and submarines almost never need to give their command systems autonomous firing authority .
By contrast , however , an air - defence destroyer like the Type 45 - if it is to be much use - will fairly often have to give its collection of Windows boxes the ability to loose off a sheaf of Aster missiles without human authorisation .
Shooting down the possible supersonic sea-skimmers of tomorrow will be even more impossible with the delays of having humans in the loop .
Just to add to the slight feeling of nerves , a destroyer LAN will need to be connected to other networks off the ship as a matter of routine , and physical access to a destroyer is hugely easier than to a sub as well .
So we are n't really looking at Windows boxes triggering nuclear armageddon if something goes wrong here .
But we just might , if things go wrong , be looking at a computer snag causing another USS Vincennes airliner shootdown disaster in coming years .
Or , of course , at British sailors of the future staring helplessly at what would shortly be literally a blue screen of death , as the shipkillers bored in without response . ®
Popular user - edited online encyclopedia Wikipedia has finally released a mobile - friendly version of the web site at mobile.wikipedia.org .
Advertisement
The site offers a trimmed down version of Wikipedia proper , supports 14 languages , and even has a mysterious Spoken Wikipedia setting that — though currently not enabled , may presumably one day read Wikipedia articles to you .
Advertisement
We 've seen plenty of tools for making Wikipedia friendlier for your mobile device , including the previously mentioned Wikipanion iPhone app , Encyclopedia for jailbroken iPhones , Wikipedia - va - SMS app GoLive Mobile , and webapp SnapAsk , but a lot of people will be thrilled with the official offering .
It 's not a terribly advanced mobile webapp at this point , but it does break down Wikipedia articles into a nice , readable format for your small screen , which is plenty as a start .
If you give it a go , let 's hear your thoughts — including what else you 'd like to see from Wikipedia Mobile — in the comments .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
UPDATE : It looks like the mobile interface might not be as new as we thought , though this is the first time we 've covered it .
Advertisement
Wikipedia Mobile [ via Micro Persuasion ]
Last night ( late afternoon in Europe I think ) I noticed a message on idolisto here about creating a chat in Ido , so I created one on the fly here on Chatzy.com just to see if anyone would come and within an hour nine had joined in to chat , and eventually eleven by this morning .
Here 's the chat in its entirety ( one person there was an Esperantist that loves conversation in other languages too so the conversation naturally drifted towards the two languages for some time ) :
Mithridates from x.x.x.76 started chat 9 hours ago
Mithridates : Ico esas la maxim facila metodo
Mithridates : Saluti , Idisti !
idojc from x.x.x.25 joined the chat 9 hours ago
jose from x.x.x.14 joined the chat 9 hours ago
jose : saluti ad omni
Mithridates from x.x.x.76 joined the chat 9 hours ago
jose : kad es ulu hike ?
idojc : Saluto , Dave e Jose !
Mithridates : Komprenende
jose : pardonez a me , yen l´unesma foyo kande me partoprenas en ido-chat
Mithridates : Nula problemo
jose : me ne savas sat bone kom funcionas ico
Mithridates : Chatzy vere esas lo maxim facila
jose : de ube vi skribas ?
Mithridates : Korea
Mithridates : La chefurbo Seoul
idojc : do me chanjis mea koloro por distingar me de Dave
Mithridates : E vu , jose ?
idojc : me skribas de Anglia , quale sempre
jose : Korea !!
me memoras ta bela lando , me havis bon korespond - amikino ibe ante multa yari
jose : me skribas de Hispania
jose : del sudo di Hispania , en Andaluzia
Mithridates : Korea kelke plubonigeskis dum la lasta yari
Mithridates : Recente on povas vidar personi qui prizas kati
Mithridates : Kelka yari antee , preske omni odiis e timis kati ( vere ! )
Mithridates : Ka vu parolis kun vua amikino pri kati ?
jose : antee la kati ne is amata en Korea ?
idojc : Pro quo
Skype esus plu bona por longa , reguloza babilado ?
Mithridates : En Skype on povas vidar se sua amiko esas enlinea o ne
jose : me ne konocas skype , ma me kredas ke ibe ne povas parolar kelka personi en la sama tempo ka ne ?
Mithridates : Ma me preferas chatzy
Mithridates : Fakte me ne savas multe pri Skype ; me skribis ol sen pensar
Mithridates : Forsan chatzy esas plu bona mem por longa babilado
Mithridates :
On povas anke krear chambro kun paso - vorto por ke altri ne povez enirar
Mithridates :
Un momento ; me retrovenos kelka minuti pose
jose from x.x.x.14 joined the chat 8 hours ago
jose : ho !!!
desfuncionis mea komputoro
idojc : Chatzy funcionas quale la olima " rusa babileyo "
Mithridates :
Me retrovenabas
Mithridates : Ka vere ?
Me savas nulo pri ta babiley , o
idojc from x.x.x.25 joined the chat 8 hours ago
Mithridates :
Ah , jose ekiris
idojc : Koincide , mea komputoro* ( IE ) anke paneis !
idojc : me kredas ke Jose ri-eniris
Mithridates :
Me kredas ke no ; videz la " visitor list " , okesma del suprajo
Mithridates : Forsan ni mustos vartar por altra Idisti
idojc : Ho , kompatinda Jose !
Me esperas ke il reparos sua mashino
Mithridates :
Me havas 90 minuti ante ke me dormos
Mithridates :
Me nun skribas en mea blogo
Mithridates : Forsan me adkargos ica babilado anke , por monstrar ad altri quale babilado en Ido funcionas
Mithridates : Chatzy ne retenas la kontenajo
idojc : kara
Dave , me kredas ke me renkontris vu che la " rusa " babileyo , dum 2005
Mithridates : Hm..forsan !
idojc : bona ideo , forsan ni tacez nun e vu povos adkargar la tilnuna babilado
Mithridates :
Me ja kopiis la kontenajo ; se nulu venos ye un horo me adkargos la kontenajo lore
LaPingvino from x.x.x.254 joined the chat 8 hours ago
LaPingvino : Saluto :)
LaPingvino : Quale vu standas ?
idojc : saluto la pinguino !
LaPingvino : idojc = james chandler ?
LaPingvino :
Me es la yuna Esperantisto ( Pinguinu Esperantal )
idojc : me standas bone ma kolde ..
LaPingvino : ah
LaPingvino : Me obliviis ...
Ube vu habitas ?
LaPingvino : Mea Ido - lingua savo es nur mikra , nam me parolas habituale Esperanto ...
Ma me prizas parolar kun Idisti , pro to me es hike :)
idojc : me skribas de Anglia , pro to me sentas kolda ..
LaPingvino : aha :D
LaPingvino : me de Nederlando
LaPingvino : do me komprenas :D
iit from x.x.x.189 joined the chat 8 hours ago
Mithridates :
Tre bona , nun ni havas kin personi
LaPingvino : saluto , iit
iit : Hola !
LaPingvino : Mithridates , tu es ta Dave , no ?
Tu es ankore poke yuna , ka no ? :P
iit : bona ideo ca babileyo
idojc : saluto iit , me ne rikonocas vua uzanto - nomo
LaPingvino : yes :)
Mithridates : 29 yari .
Ka to esas yuna ?
LaPingvino : nu , to es yuna por la idisti :P
iit : iit= Italiana Idisto ... :-)
iit : ?
LaPingvino : me evas 19 yari , do me es un del maxim yuna .
ma me ne nomus me idisto
LaPingvino : me es fervora Esperantisto
LaPingvino : :P
idojc : ha! 29 yari esas poke yuna .
me es mem plu poke yuna kam Dave
LaPingvino : quante vu , idojc ?
LaPingvino : plu poke yuna = plu evoza segun vu ? :)
Mithridates : Pinguino , quala vortaro vu uzas kande vu ne konocas ula parolo en Ido ?
LaPingvino : me ne uzas vortaro
Mithridates : Espo-Ido , Ned - Ido , od Angla - Ido ?
Mithridates : Nultempe ?
LaPingvino : me uzas mea Esperanta vorti ed to quon me lektas ibe ed ibe
LaPingvino : ma pro to ulafoye me uzas des- vice la normala Idala vorto
idojc : me konocas kelka italiana idisti : Zangoni , Tiberio , Nardini ..
LaPingvino : kom mal- en Esperanto
Mithridates : hm
LaPingvino : me multe plu prizas parolar per plu poka vorti :)
LaPingvino : ma dicar plu , kam en Esperanto
iit : yes , un de ca tri !
LaPingvino : me ne volas uzar vortaro por povar utiligar linguo
LaPingvino : do me es Esperantisto , ed tokiponlinguano :D
LaPingvino : ed me pensis : me men adjuntez ad Idolingua retlisti
LaPingvino : por parolar kun la idisti
LaPingvino : ed tale me poke uzas Ido
LaPingvino : nur tale
LaPingvino : ma mea
Ido ne es tale en mea kapo kam mea Esperanto
LaPingvino : esas poka mala soni en Ido , es tro Hispaneska sistemo
idojc : uzar vortolibro esas regretinde necesa kelkafoye por evitar erori
LaPingvino : Esperanto havas richa sonsistemo qua funcionas bone por me :)
LaPingvino : por me preske nultempe en Esperanto
LaPingvino : ma yes , Ido havas tro vorti ;)
Mithridates :
Me sempre havas vortaro se me subite volas skribar desfacila vorto
Mithridates : Exemple : spyglass ( lorno ) .
Me ne konocis to .
idojc : mem me regretinde ne savas perfekte Ido..
Mithridates :
On ne parolas pri lorni omnadie .
LaPingvino : me savas pri lorno en Esperanto
Mithridates : Uladie tu savos ol perfekte
Mithridates : Ka lorno esas la sama en Espo ?
LaPingvino : yes
LaPingvino : ma se on ne savas ol , on povus uzar " forvidilo " ed omnu savas quon vu volas dicar
LaPingvino : me plu prizas la ritmo de Esperanto , en Ido ol es foye rompita ( ? ) da -ar :P
idojc : anke esas ' lupo ' , ka vu savas ica vorto Dave ?
Mithridates : yes !
LaPingvino : lupo es la Esperantala vorto por ula animalo
LaPingvino : ka on povas dicar " besto " en Ido /
LaPingvino : ?
LaPingvino : me mixas omna tala kozi inter la lingui
LaPingvino : :S
Mithridates : Animalo e bestio
LaPingvino : best_i_o ?
idojc : yes , se on savas la latina ' lupus ' on forsan expektas volfo . ,
LaPingvino : volfo , aha
Mithridates : Olim esis interesanta konversado pri la traduko di Animal Farm , e se on devas uzar la vorto animalo o bestio
LaPingvino : kom en la nederlanda , wolf
LaPingvino : en Esperanto preske sempre es " besto "
Mithridates : Bestio .
La acento esas béstio , ne bestío
LaPingvino : kelka idala vorti semblas a me tro luxa ...
LaPingvino : me savas :)
LaPingvino : quale esas la acento
LaPingvino : ma do en Espo ne es i ibe
LaPingvino : pro to me facis _i_
Mithridates : Ido por me esas kom la Turkiana
LaPingvino : por indicar la diferenco
idojc : volfo esas germana formo ; Novial anke havas ' volfe '
LaPingvino : quale ? :)
LaPingvino : me preferas lupo
Mithridates :
Ti qui ne savas la Turkiana ( e la Koreana / Japoniana ) forsan pensus ke Ido esas tro logikoza , ma la altri tri lingui vere similesas Ido
LaPingvino : quankam es Wolf en mea matrala linguo
Mithridates : Exemple : - ar aden -o esas la sama kam - mek a - me en la Turkiana
LaPingvino : forsan
LaPingvino : :)
Mithridates : e - da aden -m en la Koreana
LaPingvino : qua lingui vu savas , Dabe
LaPingvino : Dave
Sonoriuxo from x.x.x.43 joined the chat 8 hours ago
Mithridates : En la Japoniana , kom - su aden - shi , - mu aden - mi , edc .
Sonoriuxo : Hola omni !
idojc : me ne savas la koreana .
ka simila kam la Turka ?
Mithridates : Ta lingui e kelke altri en Europa ( ma ne bone )
LaPingvino : saluto sonoriuxo :)
iit : ka tu ri-eniris kun altra nomo , José ?
Mithridates : Yes
Mithridates :
Tre simila
Sonoriuxo : Yes
Mithridates :
Ne la vorti ma la gramatiko e frazi
Sonoriuxo : Pri qua
Jose tu parolas ?
Mithridates : Fakte me skribis pri ol hike : http://mithridates.blogspot.com/2008/06/comparison-of-ido-japanese-korean-and.html
iit : José Cossio
Sonoriuxo : Yes
idojc : ri-saluto Jose
Sonoriuxo :
Ma co es l'unesma foyo ke me uzas ca babiley o
iit : anke por me ?
iit : por me !
idojc : kad altra Jose ??
iit : no , me no
iit : anke por me es l'unesma foyo
iit : ma ka vi ne divinis qua me esas ?
Sonoriuxo : Semblas esar altra Jose hike
Mithridates :
Tre facila , ka no ?
Sonoriuxo :
Me esas Jose qui vi ja konocas
iit : qua esas l'altra José ?
Sonoriuxo : quin vi ja konocas
LaPingvino : sonoriuxo , vu es ta José qua anke askoltas Radio Verda , ka no ?
Sonoriuxo : Posible
idojc : Jose de Andaluzia , Hispania esis hike , ma ekiris pro komputoro - problemo
iit : ah , do Jose skribita rede ne esis José Cossio !
idojc : yes , Jose Andaluziana skribis rede ..
Mithridates : Kad existas plu kam un José en la mondo ?!
idojc : evidente ..
Sonoriuxo :
Yes , me vidabis la problemo e me selektis mea altra uzantonomo
Sonoriuxo : Dave plu kam 20 milioni
iit : qua kloko esas nun en Mexikia , José ?
Sonoriuxo : 10:47K
iit : hike 18:47
Sonoriuxo : Qua lando ?
iit : Italia !
idojc : e hike 17:48
Sonoriuxo : Ka Hispania ?
Mithridates : Hike 2:49
idojc : me skribas de Anglia , en la sama tempo-zono kam Iberia
iit : ube 2:49 , Mithridates ?
Mithridates : Yes
Mithridates :
Me mustas dormar un horo pose
iit : qua lando ?
Mithridates : Korea
idojc : forsan Iberia ne esas idala vorto ..
* Iberia = Hispania Portugal
Sonoriuxo :
Me pensis samamaniere
Sonoriuxo : Iberia , la tota peninsulo
idojc : ka vu konocas ica linguo Pinguino : http://eo.wikipedia.org/wiki/Katolika_lingvo
LaPingvino : Dave , me havas Koreana amiko qua savas pri tu :)
Mithridates : Hm ?
Mithridates : Qua ?
LaPingvino : Song Ho-young
Sonoriuxo : Kad altra Volapuk ?
Mithridates : Song Ho-young ...
LaPingvino :
Il nun es la prezidanto dil Koreana Esperanto - yunaro .
Mithridates : hm
Mithridates : Ah
Mithridates :
Me konocas ilu
LaPingvino : :)
LaPingvino : il su nomas Gloro en Esperanto
Mithridates : Forsan me skribis pri Ido ye 2005 en lia forumo kande me unesme lernis ol
LaPingvino : haha :)
LaPingvino : il es un de mea maxim bona amiki :)
LaPingvino : idojc : no , ne konocas
LaPingvino : adminime ne antee me konocis
Sonoriuxo : Gloro esis nomo di linguoprojeto di ulu ye la yarcenti 20 e 30 dil XX yarcento
LaPingvino : ho ...
LaPingvino : Dave , pro quo vu lerneskis Ido ?
LaPingvino : e pro quo ne ( anke ) Esperanto ?
Sonoriuxo : La sama questiono itere ...
Mithridates :
Por impresar ula muliero ke me savas multa lingui
Mithridates :
Ne la sama respondo , ka no ?
idojc : me ipsa ne prizas Esperanto ..
LaPingvino : me savas ja , jc
LaPingvino : :P
LaPingvino : ed me ne prizas Ido
LaPingvino : ma to ne dicas ke me ne povas lernar ol :)
Sonoriuxo : Quala stranja !
LaPingvino : me es tre lernema
idojc : me trovis Esperanto unesme , en 2006 novembre
Sonoriuxo :
On supozas ke se tu ne prizas ulo , tu ne dedikas tempo por ol .
idojc : pardonez : en 1996 novembre ..
LaPingvino : ah yes :)
LaPingvino : me lektis poka kozi pri vu antee
idojc : kande me esis multe yuna !
LaPingvino : hehe :)
LaPingvino : quante vu evas nun ?
idojc : me probis Esperanto ma ne povis fine aceptar ol
LaPingvino : me havas ideo poke mala por Ido fakte ... lernigar ol ad altra yuna Esperantisti , por ke ol kam toki pona esez parto del Esperantala kulturo ;)
LaPingvino : sua propra kulturo es tro mikra ed poke shamoza ... nam ol divenis ek Esperanto , to ne es bona reklamo por ol ...
LaPingvino : multa homi tale anke vidas Esperanto ed lernas ol , nam ol es ja nun utila
LaPingvino : ma Ido es amuza por la libera tempo ;)
idojc : quale me lernis Toki Pona , Esperantisti povas lernar Ido..
LaPingvino : yes , ma li ne facas lo
LaPingvino : nur me , qua es preske tro parolema , olun lernis
LaPingvino : ed kelka linguemi
LaPingvino : ma multa Esperantisti preferas festar kam lernar altra linguo
LaPingvino : lernar toki pona es quale festar ;)
LaPingvino : ma Ido ne es tala
idojc : me anke pensas pri lernar Occidental - Interlingue
Mithridates : Kjell vere esas bona reklamo por Occidental che Auxlang
LaPingvino : vun adjuntez ad bablo :)
LaPingvino : ho yes
LaPingvino : me savas
LaPingvino : me esas en bablo@yahoogroups.com
LaPingvino : ed kjell parolas multe en Occidental ibe
LaPingvino : ma anke foye en Esperanto
LaPingvino : me ne esas en Auxlang
Mithridates :
Il parolas pri la temi quin ni parolas , ma kelkafoye nur en Occidental
idojc : Pinguino , ka vu anke es membro di posta_Mundi@yahoogroups.com
LaPingvino : no
LaPingvino : me lektis ke ol es poke plu idolingua , ka no ?
LaPingvino : bablo es poke pli interlingua :P
LaPingvino : ma ambe es interesiva :D
idojc : se no , forsan vu volos adherar .
ol es simila grupo kam Bablo
LaPingvino : me savas
LaPingvino : pro quo fakte on havas en Ido la bonoza -u kam en altru ed nulu ed tala vorti , ma on dicis ne olun uzar en multa altra vorti ?
idojc : me ya tre prizas lektar la mesaji en Occ - Ie da Kjell R
LaPingvino : en Esperanto on simple povas uzar se es imagebla ...
LaPingvino : yes , anke me
LaPingvino : laste me respondis en bablo en Ido :)
LaPingvino : ad il
idojc : se on prizas linguo , on lernez ol
LaPingvino : quale dicar en Ido " cool " ?
idojc : se on povas
LaPingvino : en Esperanto me savas adminime du vorti por to ...
LaPingvino : ma ne en Ido
idojc : ka " cool " temperaturala , o " cool " quale " segunmoda " ?
Humilulo from x.x.x.252 joined the chat 7 hours ago
Mithridates : Sep personi !
LaPingvino : plu kam segunmoda
LaPingvino : ma segunmoda ne es tala vorto :P
LaPingvino : Dave , ka vu savas bona vorto por to ?
iit from x.x.x.189 joined the chat 7 hours ago
idojc : saluto Humilulo !
Humilulo : me es hiere kun mea nevulo
Humilulo : saluti ! :)
Mithridates :
No , quale ke me ne savas apta vorto por la koreana 짬뽕 나
Sonoriuxo : Ka bonega ?
= cool
Mithridates : jjambbong na
LaPingvino : me devas livar dehike nun
LaPingvino : til pose :)
Sonoriuxo : En Mexikia cool esas " padre " o " suave " .
LaPingvino : en omna lingui me tre prizas la babilado :)
LaPingvino : adio !
Mithridates : Adio !
Sonoriuxo : Adio pinguino
idojc : adio amiko
Humilulo : adio !
iit : Til
Humilulo : mea Skype nomo es Humilulo .
ulu povas babilar kun me .
e me bezonas livar .
idojc : en Ido " cool " povus esar segunmoda , bona , o ni darfas simple skribar " cool "
Sonoriuxo : E mea uzantonomo en Skype esas sonoriuxo
idojc : de ube vu skribas , Humilulo ?
qua lando ?
Humilulo : danko sonoriuxo !
me habitas en Usania .
Sonoriuxo : Pingu , ka to ankore esas hike ?
Humilulo : e vu ?
Sonoriuxo : ka tu ankore es hike ?
idojc : la Pinguino mustis ekirar
Humilulo : de ube es vu , sonoriuxo ?
Sonoriuxo : Mexikia
Sonoriuxo : E vu ?
idojc : aha , vu esas Shawn usana .. en qua stato ?
Humilulo : Mexikia ! ube mea koro es. :) me parolas ( kelka ) Hispana anke .
Humilulo : yes ! :)
iit : anke me
Humilulo : nun , me es en Kansas .
ma me habitas en Missouri .
Humilulo : iit , anke quo ?
iit : anke me parolas Hispana
Humilulo : ah. :)
Humilulo : ma me parolos l'anla plu bona . :)
Sonoriuxo :
Me mustas ekirar anke
Sonoriuxo :
Me mustas komprar la manjajo
Humilulo : me anke.
adio omni !
Sonoriuxo : Esis plezuro babilar kun vi
Humilulo : esis plezuro !
idojc : adio , amiki
iit : me anke foriras
iit : til balde !
Sonoriuxo :
Me agnoskas ke la ido prezenteso kreskas
Sonoriuxo : Ka vi ja avertis lo ?
idojc : yes , me ne babilis tale depos 2005
Sonoriuxo : Nu , til la rivido !
idojc : espereble Ido ya kreskas
Humilulo : yes . :)
iit : Til balde !
Humilulo : adio , nun !
Mithridates : Esas tre bona ke non Idisti venis dum nur un horo pos un mesajo che Idolisto
idojc : adio , amiko
Mithridates : Existas ula potencialo en la Ido - uzanti , me pensas
idojc : yen plu longa babilado adkargebla , Dave
Mithridates : Multe plu longa
Mithridates :
Me mustas dormar nun
Mithridates :
Me kopios la kontenajo til nun , ma forsan tu povos kopiar la restajo pose
Mithridates : Uzante ctrl-a
idojc : me restos hike tace dum askoltar radio - brodkasti per mp3
idojc : me komprenas , me probos konservar ula plusa babilado , ante klozar Chatzy
Mithridates : O.K .
idojc : bona nokto , Dave
Mithridates :
Do , til balde
Mithridates : Bona...vespero
LaPingvino from x.x.x.254 joined the chat 6 hours ago
LaPingvino : me rivenis :)
LaPingvino : retrovenis adhike
idojc : ri-bonveno Pinguino
LaPingvino : danko :)
LaPingvino : ne pluse es multa hike , no ?
idojc : Dave mustis dormar , e l'altri ekiris ..
LaPingvino : ho yes
LaPingvino : qui ankore es hike ?
idojc : me , vu ed iit ... ma semblas ke iit ne klozis sua programo
idojc : me supozas ke esas multa babileyo por Esperanto
idojc : babileyi
LaPingvino : nur to ?
LaPingvino : es kelka
LaPingvino : ma esas kelka qua semblas esar sempre , ed kelkaltra qua chanjis
LaPingvino : gxangalo havis tre granda
LaPingvino : ma Flavio Rebello desaparis ...
LaPingvino : ek Esperantio
LaPingvino : il volis ekonomigar Esperanto
LaPingvino : ma multa Esperantisti lon ne prizis
LaPingvino : esas ankore irc.freenode.net ##esperanto
LaPingvino : ta es nuntempe la maxim homoza
idojc : ka sama persono qua kreis ITV = Internacia Televido ?
LaPingvino : yes
LaPingvino : il es inteligenta ma agis quale idioto finale ...
LaPingvino : il nur sequis sua revo ed ne vere askoltis al Esperantisti
LaPingvino : tro komercale il agis
LaPingvino : ma to es amuza historiajo :P
idojc : ITV esis ideo bona , ma desfacile realigebla , ka no ?
LaPingvino : Ido es felice tro mikra por tala skandali ;)
LaPingvino : ITV esis ne tale bona ideo
LaPingvino : nam il volis facar omnatempa dissendo , ed to ne es realigebla por internaciona publiko
LaPingvino : simple ne es tanta homi qua omnadie spektas ol
LaPingvino : nuntempe es farbskatol ' ed multa esperantisti uzas YouTube
LaPingvino : ed Ipernity
LaPingvino : to es multe plu reala ed vere del Esperantisti
LaPingvino : to es tre interesiva
idojc : kad existas Esperanto - kanalo che YouTube ?
LaPingvino : plu kam un , segun me
LaPingvino : ne es centraligita afero
LaPingvino : me omnadie deskovras nova Esperantaji ibe
LaPingvino : nu , ne tale rapide
LaPingvino : ma ofte on adjuntas novuri ibe
idojc : me anke spektis filmi en Interlingua ibe
idojc : esas regretinda ke la diversa interlinguani ne povas uzar un sama linguo
LaPingvino : me havas ya idei pri tala aferi
idojc : quanta Esperantisti esas en la mondo , segun vu ?
LaPingvino : exemple omninterlingua renkontro kun oficala lingui Esperanto , Angla ed toki pona por la oficala informaji , ed plusa lingui en la renkontro :D
LaPingvino : me ne savas quanta esas ... ma adminime es cirke 1000 denaska , ed ankore multa altra Esperantisti
LaPingvino : quanta Idisti esas ?
LaPingvino : segun vu ?
idojc : yes , certe plu multa kam 1000 ... me personale kredas cirkume 50.000
idojc : dependas de la defino di " idisto " , ma forsan til 1000 entote en la mondo
LaPingvino : til 1000 semblas a me korekta ...
LaPingvino : semblas a me ke min kam 100 en Internet
LaPingvino : ed ankore sat olda
LaPingvino : ka no ?
LaPingvino : vu povas dicar al altri : me pagis por Chatzy plus , do on ne pluse havas reklamaji ed on povas vidar la tota historio
LaPingvino : ;)
LaPingvino : malgre ke me fakte ne es idisto , por vua persisto ed plezuro yen me donacis :)
LaPingvino : anke kelka Esperantala organizi recevas pekunio d'Idisti ...
idojc : forsan til 200 en interreto , inter li kelka oldi ..
LaPingvino : yes
idojc : esas mem oldi , de qui vu forsan nultempe audis , exemple Jaques Bol di Belgia
idojc : Jacques
LaPingvino from x.x.x.254 joined the chat 6 hours ago
LaPingvino : ho yes , kompreneble :)
idojc : en 1997 en Bakkum , Nederlando me renkontris sro Bol , sro Anton di Germania ..
LaPingvino : hehe :)
LaPingvino : ka vu anke renkontris Esp-isti ?
idojc : .. le Neussner di Germania ed altri lor la Ido - konfero internaciona
LaPingvino : bone :)
idojc : me ne renkontris persone Esperantisti , ma me debatis kun la regretata Don Harlow
idojc : .. anke sro Martignon di Francia .
li esis mem lore sat olda
LaPingvino : ho yes :)
LaPingvino : forsan foye ni renkontros kelkube ...
idojc : e lore me esis yuna e cetere fresha idisto .
LaPingvino : hehe :)
idojc : forsan , ma ube ?
forsan uldie me asistos Esperanto - kunveno nur por experiencar ol
LaPingvino : bone :)
LaPingvino : ka yunala od oldala ?
LaPingvino : es granda diferenco
idojc : notinda ke ula idisti anke asistas Esp- kunveni , exemple Frank Kasper e Don Gasper
LaPingvino : se vu uldie esos en Esperanto - kongreso ube anke me esas , certe ni ibe parolez :)
LaPingvino : me savas :)
LaPingvino : li es por me la plu afabla personi
LaPingvino : nam li komprenas pro quo me ankore parolas Esperanto ;)
LaPingvino : la konferi Esperantal vere es tre juinda :)
LaPingvino : forsan anke foye me vizitos Idala renkontro :)
LaPingvino : nur por spertar :)
LaPingvino : experiencar
idojc : forsan me balde esos tro olda por yunala kunveno , ma me prizus uldie asistar UK
LaPingvino : hehe :)
LaPingvino : do quanta evo nun ?
LaPingvino : me ja kelkfoye questionis
LaPingvino : :)
idojc : nur por vidar la multa homi de diversa landi ..
idojc : me forsan asistos la Ido - konfero en Tallinn en 2009 ..
LaPingvino : aha yes :)
LaPingvino : quante evas la plu yuna ibe ?
idojc : me ya prizus vidar Estonia e Latvia
idojc : dependas de qua idisti asistos
idojc : ne sama grupo de idisti asistas singla konfero internaciona
idojc : en 1997 e 2003 me renkontris diferanta grupi , kun komuna kerno , nature
LaPingvino : me savas lo
LaPingvino : tale anke esas pri Esperanto
LaPingvino : ma la komuna kerno forsan es plu granda ;)
idojc : ma amba grupi esis afabla ed agreabla
LaPingvino : ho yes
idojc : la idisti persone esas sempre amikala , vu ne devas timar pri lo ..
LaPingvino : ka ne esus bona ideo havar la idista renkontro en la sama loko edc. kam la esperantala ...
LaPingvino : me savas lo
LaPingvino : ma me ne prizas enemikeso kontre lingui kam Esperanto
LaPingvino : me provas kontrolar ed chanjar tala aferi :)
LaPingvino : multa Esperantisti mem ne pluse savas pri Ido
idojc : unesma tasko esas forsan savigar pri Ido al Esperantisti
LaPingvino : no , to es enemikiga kozo
LaPingvino : nam Ido pro deveno es nekontenteso pri Esperanto
LaPingvino : multa Esperantisti vere prizas Ido
LaPingvino : pro to on ne devus reklamar kontre Esperanto
idojc : do ibe jacas la enemikeso ..
LaPingvino : * multa Esperantisti vere prizas sua linguo
LaPingvino : yes
LaPingvino : uli facis Ido ek Esperanto pro to ke on ne prizis Esperanto quale ol esis
idojc : yes , me recente skribis pri to che Idolisto
LaPingvino : fakte me vidas ke multa Esperantisti parolas ol plu bone kam la Idisti parolas Ido , quankam en la komenco on semblas plu facile lernar Ido
LaPingvino : la Esperantala erori forsan es plu videbla , ma anke min importa
LaPingvino : se on oblivias esperantala akuzativo , on ankore savas quon dicas la frazo
LaPingvino : ma se on facas tala eroro en Ido , es multa kazi en qua on ne vidas quon on volas dicar
idojc : hodie me ne havas solvo por la problemo inter Esperanto ed Ido
idojc : esas ya problemo extreme desfacila ..
LaPingvino : la Angla es nuntempe multe uzata internaciona linguo inter altra kozi pro sua facileso gramatikala por unesma paroleri ... ma pose es tre desfacile por plu bone olun lernar
LaPingvino : Ido komence anke es tre facila , ma pose es plu desfacila perfektigar sua parolado , quale me nun experiencas
LaPingvino : Esperante komence semblas facila , pose on experiencas kelka desfacilaji ( ed kelke tadie uzeskas Ido ... ) ed nur poktempe pos ta desfacilaji on ja bonege parolas olun :)
idojc : pri la angla vu esas justa .
ol esas linguo facila til certena nivelo , ma pose tre desfacila
LaPingvino : James , ka vu prizus organizigar foye Ido - renkontro lor Esperanto - kongreso ?
o simila kozo ?
LaPingvino : me experiencas poke simile pri Ido kam pri la angla , ma pri Esperanto me savas ke me olun tre bone parolas , mem plu bone kam kelka denaska Esp-isti :)
LaPingvino : to es bona :)
LaPingvino : quon vu pensas : se me organizus Ido - renkontro uladie , ka multa Idisti venus ?
idojc : ma che Esperanto , esas la " eterna komencanti " , ka ne ?
Sonoriuxo from x.x.x.43 joined the chat 5 hours ago
LaPingvino : yes
Sonoriuxo :
Me rivenis
LaPingvino : fakte multa Idisti havas tala nivelo kam la eterna komencanti esperantala
LaPingvino : anke me
LaPingvino : ma eterna komencanto ne es problemo
LaPingvino : anke la eterna komencanto bone povas parolar kun altra Esperantisti , ed ankore povas lernar
LaPingvino : ed fakte on lor sua tota vivo lernas ankore sua lingui
LaPingvino :
Ka me es justa ke me , kom sola Esperantisto hike , parolas plu kam multa altra ?
LaPingvino : ho ve ...
LaPingvino : es interesiva kozo :)
Sonoriuxo :
To pensigas me ;-)
idojc : ri-bonveno Sonoriuxo
LaPingvino : mea Esperantala yuna amiko Robert Weemeyer foye parolis a me pri renkontro inter li , yuna Esperantisti , ed germana Idisti , ube on volis parolar per sua lingui
Sonoriuxo :
Me vizito esos kurta
LaPingvino : la Esperantisti quik volis komencar parolar , ed sun prezentis ...
Sonoriuxo :
Tu volas dicar " nia "
LaPingvino : ma la Idisti nur tre pokrapide savis parolar ...
LaPingvino : do ne funcionis bone ... :(
Sonoriuxo : L'ido german e mexikiana esas la sama
LaPingvino : me savas
LaPingvino : semblas a me ke Esperantisti multe plu parolas inter su kam la idisti ... :D
Sonoriuxo :
Ho , pardonez se me tardeskas respondar ma me deskargas kelka sondokumenti
LaPingvino : ne es problemo , jose :)
LaPingvino : vu es ta jose qua anke nun esas en Ipernity per Ido Sonora , ka no ?
Sonoriuxo : Ka til nun tu divinis , Pingu ?
LaPingvino : no
LaPingvino : me ja savis
LaPingvino : ma nur nun questionas pri to
Sonoriuxo : Yes
LaPingvino : ka ne esis me qua dicis unesme ad vi pri Ipernity :) ?
Sonoriuxo : Yes
LaPingvino : vu nultempe ton mencionas al Idisti ;) ke inter altra pro Esperantisto nun plu multa Esperantisti vidas Ido ;)
LaPingvino : me prizas ke vu ibe nun havas ta dokumenti
LaPingvino : nun multe plu facile la Idolinguaji es trovebla
Sonoriuxo :
Yes , me dankas tu pro to .
LaPingvino : :)
LaPingvino : ^ ^
LaPingvino : quanta Esperantisti ja kontaktis vu ?
LaPingvino : ed quale vu nun povas lektar Esperantaji ;)
Sonoriuxo : Multa
LaPingvino : bone :)
LaPingvino : me prizas lo :)
Sonoriuxo : La Iraniani prizas mea podkasti
LaPingvino : quala linguon vu elektis por vua Ipernity - interfaco ?
LaPingvino : hehe bone :)
Sonoriuxo : Hispaniana
LaPingvino : prefere la diverseso kam la enemikeso , ka no ?
Sonoriuxo :
Me ja deskovrabis to
LaPingvino : nun on havas elekto :)
LaPingvino : bone :)
Sonoriuxo : selekto
Sonoriuxo : elekto esas balotado
Sonoriuxo : elekto esas por havar nova guvernisti
LaPingvino : nun on povas esar selektiva pri la lingui
Sonoriuxo : selektar esas prenar un kozo od altra
LaPingvino : ka plu bone tale ?
Sonoriuxo : yes
LaPingvino : me preferas tamen la Esperantala libereso
LaPingvino : ma to ne haltigas me parolar anke en Ido segun mea kapablo
Sonoriuxo : Pingu , me devas forirar
LaPingvino : kapableso
LaPingvino : ah , til pose )
Sonoriuxo : me devas irar laborar
LaPingvino : do laborez bone :)
Sonoriuxo : Sempre
LaPingvino : ;)
Sonoriuxo : me es la max bona en mea laboro
Sonoriuxo : o me esforcas esar lo
Sonoriuxo : E ka tu laboras Pingu ?
Sonoriuxo : O lernas ?
LaPingvino : ambe :)
Sonoriuxo : Quon tu lernas ?
LaPingvino : pri komputori
Sonoriuxo : Ka komputor - injenioro ?
LaPingvino : kozo sembla , yes
Sonoriuxo : Bone
LaPingvino : ma me volas divenar altro
Sonoriuxo :
Me departas nun
LaPingvino : til pose !
Sonoriuxo : Idojc
Sonoriuxo : Pingu
Sonoriuxo : Til balde
idojc : adio , amiko
LaPingvino : idojc , til kande vu volas esar hike ?
LaPingvino : adio , Jose :)
Humilulo from x.x.x.252 joined the chat 5 hours ago
idojc : me restos hike dum plusa 15 minuti , dum askoltar radio - brodkasto samtempe
LaPingvino : okido :)
LaPingvino : ka vu permisas en Idolisto adjuntaji ?
LaPingvino : me volas adjuntar PDF de nia paroli
idojc : yes , me jus kontrolis ed atachaji es permisata
LaPingvino : bone :)
idojc : ri-bonveno Shawn !
Humilulo : danko :)
idojc : ma
Dave ja projetas adkargar la babilado a sua situo , do forsan dissendar PDF ne es necesa
Humilulo : me volas crear babileyo che chatahoy.com
LaPingvino : me facis ligo ad hika babileyo ed pagis por ne havar reklami hike
LaPingvino : http://tr.im/idochat
LaPingvino : forsan es plu bone restar hike ...
Humilulo : me kompris chatahoy.com
idojc : Pinguino , quante vu pagis ?
ne tro multo , me esperas
LaPingvino : $ 9
LaPingvino : ne es tro
LaPingvino : me sendis mesajo
LaPingvino : kun la unesma pdf
idojc : ho yes , me jus apertis ol
LaPingvino : bone :)
LaPingvino : ka vu prizas ol ?
idojc : ka vu kompris la tota domeno chatahoy.com , Shawn ?
Humilulo : yes :)
Humilulo : es tre bona domeno , me pensas .
Humilulo : me volas facar idala pagini che ido.chatahoy.com .
idojc : me probos aranjar plusa babilado hike balde
idojc : ka dum la semano , o semanfino esus plu konvenanta tempo ?
LaPingvino : semane en la vesperi esus bona
LaPingvino : me provos ( / probos ? :S ) adesar
idojc : do forsan lundie ye 1700 ?
Humilulo : me ja havis kelka pagini tala
http://esperantejo.com/ido/nombri_esas_en_nombro.htm
idojc : probos asistar
idojc : to esas bona metodo por lernar la nombri en Ido
LaPingvino : asistar ... qual stranja vorti xD
LaPingvino : bone
idojc : asistar esas DFIRS
idojc : segun Dyer
Humilulo : me trovis la moyeno en esperantala libro . :)
idojc : pro quo vu ne reklamas vua situo che Idolisto o Ido - angla , Shawn ?
idojc : mea lasta radio - brodkasto jus finis ( per la muziko ' Baker Street ' da Gerry Rafferty ! ) do
idojc : me balde ekiros
LaPingvino : okido
LaPingvino : til pose
LaPingvino : ed havez bona tempo irgube vu esos
Humilulo : mea situo ne havas nulo ankore .
idojc : Pinguino , ka vu povus itere konservar la babilado por Dave ?
me ne povas facar lo
idojc : se ne , nula problemo , il havos la PDF quon vu ja facis #
Humilulo : e me bezonas irar itere .
adio , mea amiki !
idojc : bona vespero Pinguino , Shawn .
me ekiras nun .
danko pro la babilado
Humilulo : adio , idojc e pinguino .
alciono : Bona jorno amiki !
Nun es 0400 kloki en Wash .
DC , Usa .
alciono :
Me chomas sundie e lundie
Sonoriuxo from x.x.x.43 joined the chat 2 hours ago
alciono : Hola Sonoriuxo
Sonoriuxo : Hola
Sonoriuxo :
Me ne kredis ke esis ulu tante tarde
alciono :
Me joyas renkontrar vu hike !
Es la unesma foyo kande ni parolas !
Sonoriuxo : Hike es 2:00 k
Sonoriuxo : Ka tu es de Washington ?
alciono : Ka Hermosillo esas proxime ad la Pacifika mar - bordo ?
Yes me habitas proxime a Wash DC .
Sonoriuxo : Ye 100 km dil Maro di Cortez
Sonoriuxo : Qua es anke Oceano Pacifika
alciono : O , me vidos mapo balde
alciono : Ka vu chomas sundie anke ?
Sonoriuxo : No
Sonoriuxo : me laboras sundii kustumale
alciono : Ho ve !
Sonoriuxo : me repozas meze la semano
alciono : Ka vu asistas skolo ?
Sonoriuxo :
No , me ja laboras
alciono : bone !
Sonoriuxo : Quante tu evas Alciono ?
alciono : triadek e ok
Sonoriuxo :
Me evas du yari min kam tu
Sonoriuxo : 36
alciono : bona amiketo !
Sonoriuxo :
De kande tu komencis lernar Ido ?
alciono : Depos la somero di 2004
Sonoriuxo :
Me ja havas du yari praktikante Ido
alciono : Etniale me es Indiano , me habitas Usa dum 22 yari
Sonoriuxo : Ho , ka tu , Kiran ?
alciono : yes , la sama .
Sonoriuxo : Ka tu ja savas la mala novaji di tua matro- lando ?
alciono :
Yes , me es tre afliktata pro ol .
Sonoriuxo : Lo eventinta en Mumbai
Sonoriuxo : Yes
alciono :
Ma me ne havas irga konocati en Mumbai
Sonoriuxo : Irgamaniere ni Mexikiani havas nia propra teroriganta problemi
Sonoriuxo :
En qua urbon tu naskis ?
alciono :
Me kelke savas pri ol , danke vua regulara podkasti et.c .
alciono :
Me naskis en Pune , en la sama stato di qua Mumbai es la chefurbo
Sonoriuxo :
Ho , lore la kozo eventis proxim tua urbo
Sonoriuxo : Certena simila kazo eventis en mea stato
alciono : Ka vere ?
Sonoriuxo :
Ye la pasinta yaro
Sonoriuxo :
Ma ne pro teroristi ma pro narkobandani
Sonoriuxo : narkokarteli
Sonoriuxo : Existas minista urbo proxime me lojas
Sonoriuxo : Ol nomesas Cananea
Sonoriuxo : Kananea
alciono : Jus kelka hori antee me vidis televizional emiso pri multa pafadi en Juarez
Sonoriuxo : Uldie arivis al urbo plu o min 50 armizita homi
Sonoriuxo :
Ho yes
Sonoriuxo : Juarez e Tijuana esas la maxim violentoza loki nun
Sonoriuxo :
Anke la stato Tamaulipas esa tre violentoza
alciono :
Yes , ni havas nia Baltimore , la chefurbo por ocidadi
alciono : Ka la mala ekonomial stando atingis Mexikia ?
Sonoriuxo :
Ne mala stando
Sonoriuxo : Bone , yes
alciono : Quale importas la Angla linguo en Mexikia ?
Sonoriuxo : La dolaro nun kustis 14 pesis po singlu , kande ante la dolaro antee kustis 12 pesi .
Sonoriuxo :
Me ne komprenas tote tua questiono
Sonoriuxo : Ka tu volas dicar
alciono : Ka multa Mexikiani savas od parolas la Angla linguo ?
Sonoriuxo :
En mea urbo no
alciono :
Hike la Hispana linguo es multe parolata
Sonoriuxo : La Angla ne es idiomo tre audata en mea urbo , e me kredas ke exista kelka Angla - parolanti
Sonoriuxo : Me kredas
Sonoriuxo : Ka pro la Mexikiani ibe ?
alciono : yes me supozas
alciono :
Me ipsa tre prizas la linguo , e me esforcis lernar ol dum multa yari
Sonoriuxo : Quanta idiomin tu parolas ?
alciono : tri : Angla , hindi , marathi
Sonoriuxo : Ed Ido
Sonoriuxo : Ka ne ?
alciono :
Yes kompreneble
Sonoriuxo : Kiran
Sonoriuxo : me devas klozar ca fenestro
Sonoriuxo : me es tre fatigita
alciono : Ma ica esas probable la unesma foyo kande me parolas en ' real time ' kun altru
alciono : OK , amigo , bona dio !
Sonoriuxo :
Me esperas babilat itere kun tu
Sonoriuxo : babilar
alciono : Bone !
Sonoriuxo : Til la rivido !
alciono : Chao !
So there it is , perhaps the next one will be on Monday .
Amazing how much content ends up being created simply by talking about whatever .
Edit : a bit more chat to add a few hours later :
Israeli warplanes and helicopters pounded the Hamas - ruled Gaza Strip today , killing at least 205 people in the bloodiest one - day death toll in 60 years of conflict with the Palestinians .
Militants in the Gaza Strip , who have launched dozens of rocket attacks against Israel since a truce expired just over a week ago , fired more salvoes that killed one Israeli man and wounded several others .
Both sides said they were ready to stage wider assaults , threatening to plunge the region into a crisis that could leave stalled talks over Palestinian statehood in tatters .
Black smoke billowed over Gaza City , where Israel bombed more than 40 security compounds , including two where Hamas was hosting graduation ceremonies for new recruits .
More than 700 Palestinians were wounded in all , medics said .
Israel said the operation , dubbed " Solid Lead " , targeted " terrorist infrastructure " following days of rocket attacks on southern Israel that caused damage but few injuries .
An army spokeswoman said Hamas leaders could be targeted .
" There is a time for calm and a time for fighting , and now the time has come to fight , " defence minister Ehud Barak said .
The rocket attacks increased pressure on Israeli political leaders to act as a February 10th election approaches .
The army did not set a timeframe but the mayor of Ashkelon , an Israeli city in range of Hamas 's rockets , said military planners saw the operation lasting " more than a week " .
Foreign minister Tzipi Livni , a leading candidate to become Israel 's next prime minister , called for international support against " an extremist Islamist organisation ... that is being supported by Iran " .
Hamas threatened to unleash " hell " to avenge the dead , including possible suicide bombings inside Israel .
Hamas estimated that at least 100 members of its security forces had been killed , including police chief Tawfiq Jabber and the head of Hamas 's security and protection unit , along with at least 15 women and some children .
Morgues across the Gaza Strip ran out of space for bodies .
The Islamist group , which won a 2006 parliamentary election but was shunned by Western powers over its refusal to renounce violence and recognise Israel , said all of its security compounds in the Gaza Strip were destroyed or seriously damaged .
Aid groups said they feared the Israeli operation could fuel a humanitarian crisis in the impoverished coastal enclave , home to 1.5 million Palestinians , half of them dependent on food aid .
Gaza hospitals said they were running out of medical supplies because of the Israeli - led blockade , increasing the chances that the death toll will rise .
Palestinians staged protest rallies in Arab East Jerusalem , and in the West Bank cities of Ramallah and Hebron , leading to scuffles with Israeli forces .
Israeli analyst Ron Ben - Yishai said the strike was " shock treatment ... aimed at securing a long - term ceasefire between Hamas and Israel on terms that are favourable to Israel " .
Among the buildings destroyed in the Israeli bombardment was Gaza 's presidential compound , which Hamas seized in June 2007 from Abbas 's secular Fatah forces after a brief civil war .
Witnesses also reported heavy Israeli bombing along Gaza 's border with Egypt .
Palestinians use hundreds of tunnels under the border to bring in everything from goods to weapons .
The campaign followed a decision by Israeli prime minister Ehud Olmert 's security cabinet to widen reprisals for cross - border Palestinian rocket attacks following the collapse of a six - month - old , Egyptian - brokered ceasefire a week ago .
Mr Olmert , who will leave office after the February election , has repeatedly said Israel does not want to retake control of the Gaza Strip .
Israel pulled its ground forces and settlers out of the coastal territory in 2005 .
Reuters
With the announcementthat Twitter rival Pownce is shutting down on December 15 , users of the microblogging service who want to save their posts had better do it soon .
Following recent news of other high - profile on - line closures , like that of Sandy and Stikkit , the question is what other Web services will be shut down .
For the most people , losing their Pownce messages is n't going to be the end of the world , and they 've still got time to export them .
However , with Yahoo's continued financial troubles , Flickr might be next .
The popular photo - sharing site was started in Vancouver , before it was bought out by Yahoo and moved to the U.S. If Yahoo runs into trouble , Flickr , which is reportedly a loss leader for the company , might disappear .
If Flickr went down , a lot of people , myself included , could find years ' worth of their personal photographs vanishing into the ether .
The moral of the story ?
As much as we want to start storing all of our files and information on - line , " in the cloud " as the new phrase goes , it 's still advisable to keep a backup of the really important stuff offline .
Summary : Search engines extract too much of the Web 's value , leaving too little for the websites that actually create the content .
Liberation from search dependency is a strategic imperative for both websites and software vendors .
I worry that search engines are sucking out too much of the Web 's value , acting as leeches on companies that create the very source materials the search engines index .
We 've known since AltaVista 's launch in 1995 that search is one of the Webs most important services .
Users rely on search to find what they want among the teeming masses of pages .
Recently , however , people have begun using search engines as answer engines to directly access what they want — often without truly engaging with the websites that provide ( and pay for ) the services .
The obscene profitability of search advertising has made many search sites offer a broad variety of non-search services as loss - leaders to drive traffic to their search pages .
Among the free offerings are services such as satellite photos and online maps , email , photo hosting , natural language translation , and search of the user 's local hard drive .
Free services are obviously nice for users , at least on first analysis .
( A second look shows that users will suffer under a lack of diversity if all that 's offered are services that are good at driving traffic to the search engines . )
Whatever the case for users , free search engine services take a clear toll elsewhere .
As explained in a sidebar , the cost of ownership for " free " software can easily exceed $ 1 M / year in an enterprise setting .
There 's no doubt that search engines provide a valuable service to users .
The issue here is what search engines do to the companies they feed on — the companies that fund the creation of original information .
Search engines mainly build their business on other websites ' content .
The traditional analysis has been that search engines amply return the favor by directing traffic to these sites .
While there 's still some truth to that , the scenario is changing .
Search Bids Eat the Gains of Site Improvement
Paid search confiscates too much of a website 's value .
Since we 're currently running a lot of user studies of B2B sites , let 's take a B2B example : Consider a site where the average order is $ 1,000 ( quite modest for B2B ) and has a conversion rate of 1 % .
That is , for every 100 users , the site closes one sale ( either directly on the site , or indirectly after passing the lead to the sales channel ) .
This amounts to sales of $ 10 per visitor .
If we further assume a contribution margin of 40 % after deducting COGS ( cost of goods sold ) and other marginal expenses , the site makes $ 4 per visitor .
Given these assumptions , the site can pay up to $ 3.99 for each click on its search engine ads , as long as the ads are sufficiently targeted to sustain the 1 % conversion rate .
Now , experience shows that the average website can double its conversion rate by doing user testing and redesigning for increased usability .
If our sample site runs a good usability project , it can therefore expect to see a conversion rate of 2 % .
Thus , for every 100 users , the site will close two orders and make $ 2,000 in sales and $ 800 in contribution margin .
As long as the competing sites stay the same , the managers of our sample site are happy : they still pay only $ 3.99 per click , so they pay $ 399 for the 100 clicks and their profit increases from $ 1 to $ 401 as a consequence of site improvements .
Alas , competing companies also read the Alertbox column and have their own usability projects .
Thus , given time , the competing sites will also double their conversion rates and can then afford to double the bids for their search keywords .
If your search bid stays the same , your ad will sink off the page as more and more competing sites improve their design enough to afford higher bids .
Our site therefore has no choice but to increase its own bid to $ 7.99 per click if it wants to stay in business .
In the long run , every time companies increase the value of their online businesses , they end up handing over all that added value to the search engines .
Any gain is temporary ; once competing sites improve their profit - per - visitor enough to increase their search bids , they 'll drive up everybody 's cost of traffic .
This is great news for search engines : they can double their income by doing nothing .
Just sit and wait for all other websites to improve — then skim off the increased earnings .
So , why should non-search sites improve if the search engines collect all the gains ?
There are two reasons :
Do nothing and you 'll disappear when your competitors improve enough to easily outbid you and therefore consume all the space on the first search engine results page .
( All studies , including our own , show that more than 90 % of users never go beyond the initial SERP . )
While search engines will take all the profits from users who arrive from search ads , you get to keep the increased earnings from all other users .
Thus , non-search users become the true source of added value from website improvements .
In addition to paid search listings , websites also often receive search traffic from free , so - called organic listings .
These visitors are obviously no problem , except that you can't count on them as a sustainable strategy , since organic listings can change without notice .
Liberating Websites From Search Engines
Despite search engines , websites can make money .
The key is to recognize that , while search engines might take all the value from an initial user visit , you get to keep the value from any non-search business .
Thus , you must foster customer loyalty so that users go straight to your site instead of clicking through from search ads .
I predict that liberation from search engines will be one of the biggest strategic issues for websites in the coming years .
The question is :
How can websites devote more of their budgets to keeping customers , rather than simply advertising for new visitors ?
Here are some ideas , ranging from the proven ( newsletters ) to the speculative ( mobile services ) :
Email newsletters .
Getting people to sign up for regular newsletters remains the ultimate way to maintain a relationship .
As usability studies show , a newsletter has much more of an emotional impact on people than a brief visit to a website .
.
Getting people to sign up for regular newsletters remains the ultimate way to maintain a relationship .
As usability studies show , a newsletter has much more of an emotional impact on people than a brief visit to a website .
Request marketing .
Have users tell you what they want , and then alert them when you have it .
.
Have users tell you what they want , and then alert them when you have it .
Discussion groups and other community features .
Find ways to recognize particularly active members and thus further connect them to your site .
Such recognition might be as simple as placing gold stars on their profiles or might include more substantial loyal - user benefits .
and other community features .
Find ways to recognize particularly active members and thus further connect them to your site .
Such recognition might be as simple as placing gold stars on their profiles or might include more substantial loyal - user benefits .
Affiliate programs .
These are alliances with other sites that promote your services to their users in return for a referral fee if their users do business with you .
The program works best if the referring site can honestly recommend the destination site to its own target audience .
So , even though you have to pay them a cut , the cost is n't boundless the way it is on search engines because you 're not competing with all other sites in the world for the right to be listed .
If you 're the best match for the referring site 's audience , they 'll want you — rather than simply whoever offers the highest fee — because your conversion rate will be better .
( In an earlier column , I offer an example in which sales differed drastically depending on which affiliate partner a site chose to link to . )
.
These are alliances with other sites that promote your services to their users in return for a referral fee if their users do business with you .
The program works best if the referring site can honestly recommend the destination site to its own target audience .
So , even though you have to pay them a cut , the cost is n't boundless the way it is on search engines because you 're not competing with all other sites in the world for the right to be listed .
If you 're the best match for the referring site 's audience , they 'll want you — rather than simply whoever offers the highest fee — because your conversion rate will be better .
( In an earlier column , I offer an example in which sales differed drastically depending on which affiliate partner a site chose to link to . )
Newsfeeds .
RSS might work , but I do n't know yet as we 're not starting our user research into RSS until next week .
( See later article with findings about social media and RSS usability . )
RSS might work , but I do n't know yet as we 're not starting our user research into RSS until next week .
( See later article with findings about social media and RSS usability . )
Stick your URL onto any physical product you sell in the hope that customers will see it when they need supplies or a replacement .
you sell in the hope that customers will see it when they need supplies or a replacement .
A hardware component that 's hardwired to connect to your site 's service .
Without the iPod , the iTunes music store would n't be nearly as successful .
that 's hardwired to connect to your site 's service .
Without the iPod , the iTunes music store would n't be nearly as successful .
Mobile features .
Search engines ' back - and - forth interaction style is clumsier on mobile devices .
Conversely , mobile provides added value for services that know their users and understand sufficient context to give them exactly what they need , when they need it — perhaps without their having to ask .
Thus , users are more likely to actually subscribe to mobile services than to seek them out every time they feel the need .
Being an icon on somebody 's BlackBerry gives you top - of - mind presence and significantly increases the likelihood that that they 'll visit your website when they want to do business .
( You might even get paid for the mobile service — but even without payment , it 's worth it in search - liberation points . )
In the dot - com bubble days , it was fashionable to discuss website stickiness .
Now , stickiness must be reconceptualized for the real world rather than the bubble .
It 's not a goal to make users spend hours on your site .
Let them go about their business .
The real goal is to make users come back , and to have them come directly to your site instead of clicking on expensive ads .
The ideas above are just a few ways to encourage repeat business .
Further in - depth studies of user behaviors and customer needs should reveal many new ways of keeping users loyal .
Sidebars to this article :
