Some Things We Learned in 2009
by Eric Margolis by Eric Margolis Recently by Eric Margolis : Fed Up With Karzai ?
TryZardari
America is beset by airport chaos after a 23 - year - old Nigerian tried to bring down a Northwest - Delta flight to Detroit with an underwear explosive device ( UED ) .
To update the good Doctor Johnson ’s bon mot about 18th - century maritime voyages , air travel will now offer all the joys of Supermax prisons , plus a chance to crash , or be marooned in Buffalo .
As of this writing , we do n’t know if the Detroit incident was a plot by a Yemen - based al - Qaida cell ( much more about Yemen in my next column ) or the act of an enraged individual helped by a Yemeni explosives - maker .
This thwarted attack was the latest in a series of violent incidents that have been staged by criminally misguided young Muslims protesting the western occupation of Afghanistan and Iraq .
Attacks have occurred in the US , Spain , Canada , France , Britain , North Africa , Turkey , India and Indonesia .
I was on London ’s Underground when it was bombed in 2005 by young British Muslims protesting Afghanistan .
More attacks may be expected as those wars grind on .
Distressingly , many of these outrages were done by educated young men .
In Britain , medical doctors were actually involved .
Such is the anti-western fury among some Muslims , particularly in Pakistan .
CNN ’s Larry King asked me on his show last Saturday if there is any end in sight to terrorist attacks against American targets .
My politically incorrect response : with the US so deeply involved in the affairs of the Third World , we have to expect more attacks .
It may have been no coincidence that US air strikes had killed a reported 50 or more Yemeni tribesmen just before the Detroit incident .
Yemen , in my view , is the Afghanistan of Arabia .
US military forces are currently engaged in combat operations in Iraq , Afghanistan , Pakistan , Somalia , West Africa , the Philippines and , likely , Uzbekistan and Tajikistan .
Blowback is inevitable .
In 1991 , I was aboard a Lufthansa airliner bound from Frankfurt to Cairo .
A young Ethiopian smuggled aboard a pistol and hijacked us on a long ordeal — first to north Germany , then to New York City .
He planned to crash the Airbus A310 jumbo into Wall Street .
Fortunately , the FBI talked him down and he surrendered .
Unfortunately , the lesson that a hijacked airliner would make an excellent guided missile was quickly forgotten — until 9/11 .
If you like this site , please help keep it going and growing .
The hijacker got his gun through very tight German security by secreting it under his hat .
Security agents who were checking us with metal - detecting wands forgot to pass one over his head .
Airport security cannot be airtight , particularly at rush periods , unless we adopt Israeli - style security which is highly effective but hugely time - consuming .
I do n’t think North American air travel could handle such onerous security .
Our lesson from this latest scare : if we can afford to spend $ 200 billion per annum alone in Iraq and Afghanistan , we should be able to afford two air marshals on larger passenger jets .
Pat downs will become mandatory .
More and more people will decide to drive , or avoid travel altogether .
Bad news for the suffering airline industry .
Having said all this , we must remember than Osama bin Laden has been trying to give America a national nervous breakdown .
We should not overreact and certainly not panic .
Personally , I am more worried about germs and viruses aboard commercial aircraft than bombs .
The global recession that began in America in 2008 was triggered by run amok speculation , failure of government supervision , and massive fraud by accounting and credit - rating agencies .
The global banking system came within hours of total collapse .
America ’s and Britain ’s economies were artificially juiced up and distorted by the narcotic of cheap , easy credit .
Both are now experiencing painful withdrawal from credit addiction .
It ’s an ugly sight .
Their leaders still call for more massive debt to supposedly cure the disaster caused by too much debt .
Interestingly , Canada ’s " stuffy , boring " banking system turned out to be the industrial world ’s most solid .
The financial fraud and reckless gambling that ignited the worst recession since the 1930 ’s began under the Clinton administration , then ran rampant during George W. Bush ’s two terms .
Federal regulators , media , Congress and three presidents were suborned by Wall Street .
Finance became America ’s leading industry .
Parasitism replaced production .
Millions are out of work .
America is crushed by trillions in debt .
US global power has taken a staggering beating .
Yet the perpetrators of this biggest crime in modern US history and the politicians that allowed it to occur remain unpunished .
Wall Street churns obscene , government - financed profits while small investors lost billions .
Taxpayer money went to rescue Wall Street nabobs ordering $ 350 bottles of wine while people on main street America could not pay their medical bills .
The big money houses should have been broken up by federal trust busters .
Instead , the surviving big banks now control 40 % of all deposits in America .
President Barack Obama does not walk on water .
To worldwide disappointment , his foreign policy is floundering .
Obama ’s promise to solve the Mideast mess , America ’s largest overseas headache , was scorned by Israel , which refused to stop colonizing Palestinian land .
Israel made Obama look like a weakling and amateur who is clearly not in command of US Mideast policy .
Those who hoped the US would change course under Obama to play a positive , cooperative , non-imperial role in world affairs were profoundly dismayed .
We see continued occupation of Iraq , the expanded , trillion - dollar war in Afghanistan , military operations in Africa and now Yemen .
The White House stonewalling on releasing torture documents , failure to prosecute the Bush era ’s torturers and kidnappers , refusal to end domestic surveillance and continued violations of the Geneva Convention .
Almost nothing has been done to end the idiotic blockade of Cuba , which infuriated Latin Americans .
We trade with Communist Vietnam but not Communist Cuba .
Military spending has risen from US $ 667 billion under Bush to $ 734 billion under Nobel Peace Prize laureate Obama .
Add an astounding $ 49.8 billion more for intelligence .
The US is bankrupt and living on credit from China .
But Washington ’s national security juggernaut keeps rolling on , finding new enemies around every sand dune .
Pakistan is fast becoming a huge , very dangerous problem .
The isolated , corrupt , US - backed government in Islamabad is crumbling .
The Afghan war is fast spreading into Pakistan ’s Pashtun tribal zones .
The Pentagon ca n’t wage war in Afghanistan without total Pakistani cooperation .
But 95 % of Pakistanis oppose the US - led war .
Their nation of 168 million seems about to erupt into truly dangerous chaos while India gets ever more deeply involved in Afghanistan .
Washington ’s $ 15 billion effort to buy its way out of trouble in Pakistan wo n’t work .
Obama has truly stuck is head in the proverbial hornet ’s nest .
He could have withdrawn it , but chose , instead , to go deeper .
The president has only himself and his neocon advisors to blame .
What he and we should have learned is that waging wars without clear strategic or political purpose in the middle of nowhere is a fool ’s errand , and a very dangerous , expensive one .
Afghanistan , graveyard of empires , may also become the graveyard of Obama ’s presidency .
The Best of Eric S. Margolis
Iraq has the world 's third largest oil reserves A joint venture between the UK's Shell and Malaysia 's Petronas oil companies has won the right to develop Iraq 's giant Majnoon oil field .
A total of 44 companies took part in a bid for 10 fields in the second such auction since the invasion in 2003 .
Shell and Petronas beat a rival bid from France 's Total and China 's CNPC .
Although Majnoon is a huge oil field , with reserves of 13 billion barrels of oil , it currently produces just 46,000 barrels per day .
ANALYSIS By Andrew Walker , Economics correspondent , BBC World Service Iraq is an attractive , but difficult prospect for the international oil industry .
The reserves are vast , much of it is relatively cheap to extract and foreign contractors are welcomed by the Iraqi government .
But there are serious drawbacks for foreign contractors , most obviously the security situation .
Iraqi politics and an uncertain legal environment are also complications , creating doubts about the soundness of oil contracts .
Iraqi officials are keen to get the best financial terms they can so it has been difficult to do deals .
Now , the lure of a long term and possibly very profitable opportunity has brought the oil companies back .
Some agreements have now been made and there could be more on Saturday .
But there have been no bids for some individual oilfields , a sign of the persistent difficulties that plague Iraq 's oil industry .
Shell and Petronas have pledged to increase that output to 1.8 million barrels per day .
Their venture , which includes a 20 - year service contract , will receive a fee of $ 1.39 a barrel .
In June this year , a winning bid to develop an Iraq oil field received $ 2 a barrel .
Also on Friday , a consortium led by China 's CNPC was awarded the contract for Iraq 's Halfaya oil field .
The consortium also includes Malaysia 's Petronas and France 's Total .
It requested fees of $ 1.40 a barrel of oil extracted from the field , and projected output would reach 535,000 barrels per day .
Halfaya , in southern Iraq near the border with Iran , is a much smaller field with reserves of 4.1 billion barrels of oil .
Two of the fields on offer at the auction , East Baghdad and the Eastern Fields , failed to attract any bids .
Potential profits Iraq 's known reserves of conventional oil rank behind only Saudi Arabia and Iran .
Its daily output is relatively small - about 2.4 million barrels - but it aims to triple that over the next few years .
It needs the expertise of foreign companies to reach that goal of reviving its oil industry , which has been battered by years of war and sanctions .
As much of its oil is relatively cheap to extract , analysts suggest the potential profits for foreign companies could be huge .
" This is an opportunity without precedent anywhere else in the world .
The scale of reserves available for development and exploitation is without equal , " Peter Kemp from Energy Intelligence told BBC News .
" That is something that no oil company ... can ignore . "
But as BBC World Service 's economics correspondent Andrew Walker points out , there are serious drawbacks for foreign contractors , most obviously the issue of security .
" Iraqi politics and an uncertain legal environment are also complications , creating doubts about the soundness of some oil contracts , " he says .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
We managed to get a comic up here despite Wes flying south and Tony discovering his innate ability to have one - way conversations with insects .
Yes , it is sort of trite to complain about wait staff atÂ restaurants .
Â Lord knows they take enough flack from rude customers .
Â
But we ’re trite people , if you had n’t noticed from reading this comic .
This is somewhat inspired by a recent New York Times piece giving fifty directives to waiters .
Â
That in turn reminded me of several personal incidents where I could n’t get a waiter to shut up long enough to listen to me order .
Â
And you , dear reader , are all the richer for it .
Every week Bob Westal whips up a new drink recipe , from the classics we all love to new recipes to try out when you 're out or at home .
A chat with Weird Al Yankovic , Weird Al Yankovic interview , The Essential “ Weird Al ” Yankovic
Music Home / Entertainment Channel / Bullz - Eye Home
“ Weird Al ” Yankovic has been around long enough to be defined not only as the leading parodist of his generation but , indeed , of several generations .
It ’s enough to make most guys feel old , but Al ’s nowhere near slowing down : in addition to offering up regular digital single releases through iTunes ( five of which have been compiled as the Internet Leaks EP ) , he ’s the subject of a new 2 - disc compilation entitled The Essential “ Weird Al ” Yankovic .
Bullz - Eye had a chance to chat with
Al about the sources of his inspiration , some of his guest appearances on other people ’s material ( including Brian Wilson ) , and how he came to turn up both in “ Halloween 2 ” and “ Tim and Eric Awesome Show , Great Job ! ”
Weird Al Yankovic : Helllllllllooooooo ?
Bullz - Eye : Hello , Al !
Al : Hey !
How are you doing ?
BE : I ’m good .
Good to talk to you …again .
I talked to you a few years ago .
Al : Well , let ’s fill in the blanks !
BE : Excellent .
First off , I ’m a big fan of the new stuff that you ’ve been releasing digitally , which you actually just collected as the Internet Leaks EP …
Al : Oh , thanks !
BE : … but I guess we should probably start by talking about The Essential “ Weird Al ” Yankovic , which was just released .
I ’ve read a little bit on your website about how it came to fruition , but were you skeptical when they first pitched the idea of doing an Essential collection ?
Al : Well , I ’m always skeptical anytime my label wants to do a compilation .
It ’s sort of a kneejerk reaction because , in the late ‘ 80s and early ‘ 90s , my old label – Scotti Brothers – would just release …
( Starts laughing ) … a compilation album whenever they were having a bad quarter .
“ Oh , gosh , we need some more money .
Let ’s put out a ‘ Weird Al ’ greatest hits ! ”
BE : “ Time for ‘ The Food Album . ’ ”
" I ’m always skeptical anytime my label wants to do a compilation .
It ’s sort of a kneejerk reaction because , in the late ‘ 80s and early ‘ 90s , my old label – Scotti Brothers – would just release a compilation album whenever they were having a bad quarter .
' Oh , gosh , we need some more money .
Let ’s put out a ‘ Weird Al ’ greatest hits ! '
( But ) my new label ’s been more than patient and nice about not jamming any unnecessary compilations down my throat . "
Al : Right . ( Laughs ) Exactly !
Which really kind of rubbed me the wrong way .
So my new label ’s been more than patient and nice about not jamming any unnecessary compilations down my throat , and it really got to the point where it felt like a career - retrospective compilation was actually something that would be nice to have .
You know ?
It had been 15 years plus since my last compilation of any sort , and I had a 4 - CD box set which came out in … ’ 94 ?
Which has since gone out of print .
So there really is n’t anything like this in the marketplace , and it really felt like the time was right for The Essential “ Weird Al ” Yankovic .
So I happily agreed to it , and I was very involved in the song selection , even the art design .
( Laughs ) I was very hands - on .
BE : So did you work up a particular algorithm to come up with the number of parodies versus originals versus stylistic parodies that you ’d include ?
Al : I do n’t think I had any actual algorithm or mathematical formula… ( Laughs ) … but as it turned out , half of the songs on the compilation are originals , which is the way it is on my studio albums as well , so that ’s sort of a nice kind of synchronicity .
I like to have it pretty much split up half and half .
But that was sort of a happy accident .
BE : The material that ’s been compiled on Internet Leaks … I do n’t know , but it seems to me like it ’s been at least a semi- phenomenon , the way song after song has been kicking ass on iTunes .
Al : Oh , well , that ’s nice of you to say .
Thank you .
BE : What led you to move forward in that way , releasing a song at a time ?
Al : Well , I just wanted each song to be an event , and to bring a little bit more attention to my originals .
I mean , I do n’t need to tell you that half of my material is original , and that ’s generally the half that gets ignored , by and large , by radio and video channels and even the general population .
My hardcore fans , I think , enjoy the originals as much if not more than the parodies , but it ’s always been an uphill battle to have a hit song with an original , and I thought , “ Well , one way that maybe I can combat that is by releasing them one at a time digitally , making each release sort of a mini-event . ”
I mean , they ’d have a world premiere of the video , I ’d get a little bit of publicity exposure , and even it does n’t become a hit , even if it does n’t sell that much , it still kind of keeps me out there and gives the fans something new to listen to and enjoy instead of literally waiting another year for those songs to come out .
I figured they ’re in the can , they ’re done , so why not get them out there and let people enjoy them while they can ?
BE : “ Whatever You Like ” is , I think , the first time you did n’t change the title of the song you were parodying .
Al : That ’s right .
Just to confuse everybody .
To confuse all of the search engines out there .
BE : Did you consider changing it , or did you just realize that there was n’t a way to do it ?
Al : Well , there ’s a way I could ’ve done it , but like you said , I ’d never done that before , so… ( Laughs ) … I just figured I ’d see what that was like .
I just thought that that would also give it a bit more buzz , to keep the same title … which , of course , is perfectly legal .
I could put out a song called “ Stairway to Heaven ” if I wanted to .
But to keep the same title but just change the meaning of the words …?
BE : “ Weird Al ” : still breaking down barriers .
Al : There you go .
BE : “ Craigslist ” is a stylistic parody of the Doors , of course , and you ’ve done some great ones in the past where the sonic touchstones are pretty easy to spot : Devo , Talking Heads , and so on .
There are some claims on Wikipedia about the origins of some of them , though , that I have to ask about …
Al : ( Uncertainly ) Okayyyyyyy …
BE : Is it true that “ Airline Amy ” is a semi-parody of “ Switchboard Susan ” by Nick Lowe ?
Al : Uh , I ’m not going to give away all of the answers … ( Laughs ) … but I will say that that song was n’t necessarily supposed to sound like Nick Lowe .
But thematically , I can see where they would say that it was similar to “ Switchboard Susan . ”
BE : Do you have a particular favorite amongst your stylistic parodies ?
Al : ( Hesitates )
No , I ca n’t really pick a favorite .
I mean , there are some songs that I think will lend themselves more to being played in the live shows , but …no , it ’s hard for me to …I tend to like what the fans like , so I kind of wait to see which ones the fans attach themselves to .
" If Michael Jackson had n’t given his blessing ( for ' Eat It ' ) , it ’s hard to say the direction my life would ’ve taken .
If my second album had n’t done well , that might ’ve been it for me .
But with Michael Jackson signing off and giving me his support ... I mean , I ’ve been able to ride that for quite some time . ”
BE : Did you ever get any feedback from Brian Wilson about “ Pancreas ” ?
Al : I did n’t , although I did run into a couple of his band members …and , in fact , I got a very , very nice letter from his musical director ( Darian Sahanaja ) , who loved the song .
So the people who work with Brian seem thrilled with it … ( Laughs ) … but I have n’t gotten any official reaction from the man himself .
BE : “ Skipper Dan ” has an upbeat tune , a catch chorus , and is one of the saddest songs I ’ve ever heard .
Al : ( Bursts into laughter )
That bummed people out a lot more than I thought it would .
I mean , obviously , it ’s sort of a bittersweet kind of song , but a lot of people just got really bummed out by it !
I dunno , it ’s an odd little character study , and I thought it was whimsical and bizarre .
It definitely has its big fans , but I just was surprised by that so many people actually got depressed by it !
BE : With “ CNR , ” your tribute to Charles Nelson Reilly , was there no way to work in a reference to “ Lidsville ” ?
Al : Well , that was on my list !
There are so many aspects to Charles ’s life that are based in fact that it was tough to work in more than a passing reference to his “ Match Game ” career .
( Writer ’s note : Giddy up , Gene . )
But , you know , I watched his one - man stage show…or , rather , the feature based on his one - stage show … after having written the song , and I do n’t know if you ’ve ever seen “ The Life of Reilly , ” but I highly recommend it .
It ’s an amazing story of the man and the things that he went through in his life , for real , which deserve a song on their own .
BE : With your song “ Ringtone , ” have you checked to see how it ’s doing as a ringtone ?
Al :
You know , I was kind of hoping that it would be burning up the ringtone charts , but that did n’t happen immediately , so I kind of lost interest in following its progress .
( Laughs )
I thought it was kind of unique to have a song about ringtones called “ Ringtone , ” and I was told that it actually was n’t .
I was n’t the first person to think about that , so as such , nobody wanted to get behind it to promote it .
BE : I ’m sure you ’ve been quizzed to death about Michael Jackson ’s passing , but what was your relationship with him as you were doing the parodies of “ Beat It ” and “ Bad ” ?
Was he amused by them ?
Al : He was .
I was n’t ever close with Michael Jackson , but , I mean , I had met him a couple of times , and he did , in fact , personally sign off on the parodies .
He had a great sense of humor about it , and I totally credit him with jump - starting my career .
I mean , my first album did okay … about well enough to warrant letting me do a second album …and the second album , thankfully , had the international hit “ Eat It ” on it .
And if Michael Jackson had n’t given his blessing , it ’s hard to say the direction my life would ’ve taken .
If my second album had n’t done well , that might ’ve been it for me .
But with Michael Jackson signing off on “ Eat It ” and giving me his support …
I mean , I ’ve been able to ride that for quite some time .
BE : A friend of mine wanted me to ask you how heavy the fat suit was in the “ Fat ” video .
Al : It ’s a little bit heavier than it is on stage .
We have a fat suit that I use in concert , which is as lightweight as we can possibly make it , because it ’s not fun to run around in a fat suit .
But it really was n’t so bad , not even the video version .
It became … it felt pretty real after awhile .
You ’d pass a mirror , and you ’d think , “ Wow , I need to eat a salad once in awhile . ” ( Laughs )
BE : Also , a buddy of mine who ’s a DJ in Hawaii was wondering whether or not you ’d settled in Maui , since he knew that you ’d been looking for a place there .
Al : Well , my family and I live most of the time in Los Angeles , but we do have a house in Maui which we love , and whenever our daughter ’s not in school , we try to make it out there , because it ’s really our favorite place in the world .
It ’s always a bit depressing when we come back to Los Angeles .
BE : I ’ve got a couple of things to ask you about that may not come up a lot .
You played accordion on Crispin Glover ’s album .
Al : ( Laughs ) I did .
BE : I ’m very curious to hear how that came about and what the experience was like .
Al : Gosh , that was a long time ago .
That was produced by Barnes & Barnes , who are old friends of mine from the Dr. Demento days .
In fact , one of the Barnes is actually Bill Mumy , who had another very special role in my life : he introduced me to the woman who became my wife .
BE : Not a bad role .
Al : Yeah .
( Laughs )
But we recorded Crispin ’s album at Bill ’s house , and Bill and I are old friends , and Crispin needed some accordion tracks , so of course he calls in Yankovic .
BE : So what was the experience of working with Crispin like ?
Or did you actually work with him directly ?
" It seems like with every album I put out , a new generation of young fans discovers me , to the point where …I ’ve heard these stories about how kids would talk to their parents and say , ' Hey , I just found this new guy , ‘ Weird Al ’ Yankovic .
You ever hear of him ? '
And they ’re , like , ' Uh , yeah .
Yeah , we ’ve heard of him . "
Al : You know , I ’d met Crispin a number of times , and …I ’m not sure if he was even present during the recording of my tracks .
He may not have been .
But Crispin had shown me a lot of the odd books that he ’d written , which were basically … grafts of other books which he ’d pasted inside his own book .
It ’s kind of hard to describe , but it was a very , very bizarre kind of art project , where he was basically taking bits of other books and making collages and claiming it as an original work .
I guess it ’s , in a way , similar to what I do .
Maybe… ?
( Laughs )
BE : Speaking of Bill Mumy , I wanted to ask about you and him working with Sarah Taylor .
That ’s something a little bit different for you , to play accordion on someone else ’s work .
Well , aside from Crispin Glover , of course .
Al : Yeah , Bill gets me most of my outside studio work .
( Laughs )
But , yeah , that was a lot of fun .
Sarah ’s album is great , and it was a real thrill to , y’know , be treated like a musician every now and then .
It was , like , “ Hey , Al can play accordion .
We should get him to play on this track ! ”
And to bring it back to Brian Wilson , I do n’t know if you knew this , but I was brought in to play accordion on a Brian Wilson album once .
In fact , it was perhaps why I do n’t think that song ever saw the light of day .
( Laughs )
It was back during the period where he was working on an album which was tentatively called Sweet Insanity , and that was the Dr. Eugene Landy period , a very odd time in Brian ’s life .
I ’m not really sure what happened to those tracks .
All I know is that it was a real thrill for me to actually be playing on a Brian Wilson track , even though … ( Laughs ) … it disappeared into some crevice somewhere .
BE : Do you remember the title of the song ?
Al : I do n’t .
All I remember is that it was a waltz , just a real oom - pah - pah kind of waltz which anybody could ’ve played on .
But , thankfully , they picked me .
( Laughs )
BE : How did you find your way into the video for the Ramones ’ “ Something to Believe In ” ?
Al : I ’m not sure exactly .
I think the call just kind of came out of the blue .
But I ’ve always been a huge Ramones fan , and I was thrilled to do it .
I just sort of showed up on the set and did it , with that huge cast of odd characters .
( Laughs )
That was a lot of fun .
But I do n’t know who suggested that or how my name came up .
I ’m just glad they called .
BE : Where does your taste in music lie ?
Your non -weird music tastes , I guess I should say .
Al : Well , I do n’t know how to answer that , because a lot of my favorite music is a little weird .
Not necessarily all comedy or novelty , but , I mean , some of my favorite bands and favorite artists are ones that are a little quirky and have a bit of a sense of humor about themselves .
I do n’t want to start giving you a laundry list of names , but , basically , my favorite musicians are the ones that do n’t take themselves too seriously .
BE : And , more recently , how did you end up in Rob Zombie ’s “ Halloween 2 ” ?
Al : ( Laughs )
That was a last minute thing .
I ’m friends with Chris Hardwick , who ’s friends with Rob Zombie , and …I think that Chris was already cast in the movie as the talk show host who ’s interviewing Malcolm McClaren .
McDowell . ( Laughs ) McClaren ?
Where did that come from ?
Malcolm McDowell .
And they wanted somebody as the guest who would be just so the opposite of McDowell ’s character , some random weird guest .
And Chris said , “ Well , how about Weird Al ? ” And Rob Zombie said , “ Hey , if you can get him , great ! ”
So Chris called me up and said , “ Hey , you wanna fly to Atlanta on Monday and be in a Rob Zombie ? ” “ Yeah , sure ! ” Great way to spend a Monday , right ?
BE : Have you enjoyed playing Uncle Muscles on “ Tim and Eric Awesome Show , Great Job ! ” ?
Al : Yeah , that ’s always fun .
I get called in every once in awhile , and … ( Starts to laugh ) … I wear that weird , too - tight red satin shirt with tassels that I ’d had in my closet since the early ‘ 80s .
Tim and Eric really liked it , so I always wear that shirt , and I ’ve got my low , gravelly voice , and I do this creepy public - access talent show host thing .
I ’ve taped a bit for Season 5 , so hopefully I ’ll be showing up somewhere in the upcoming season .
BE : And you ’ve done a couple of other Cartoon Network things , too .
I know you were on “ The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy ” as a voice .
Al : Yeah !
I love doing voiceover work , and I love the Cartoon Network shows .
It ’s always a thrill to do anything like that .
BE : Obviously , you ’ve been focusing more on your originals lately , but when it comes to doing parodies , where do you go for your material nowadays ?
Al : I have to just kind of look everywhere to determine what the hits are , because you ca n’t just look at the Billboard singles chart anymore .
That ’s not really indicative of what ’s necessarily considered a crossover hit .
I look at that chart , but I look at all of the charts , I look at playlists , I go online and see if there ’s anything happening on the internet .
There are a lot of sources that I really need to look to to determine what the targets would be .
BE : I ’ve introduced my daughter to your work as well , so now she demands to hear “ the song that goes ‘ eat it , just eat it . ’ ”
Al : ( Laughs ) Good job .
BE : Do you find that you have an ever - growing population of new fans ?
Al :
It seems that way , yeah .
It ’s very gratifying .
I ’ve got a six - year - old daughter , and she grew up around the house and seems to be a fan as well .
( Laughs )
And it ’s nice that my music has introduced her to a lot of pop culture things that she may or may not have been exposed to otherwise .
I mean , she was a big “ Star Wars ” fan since about age 3 , and lately she ’s going through …and it ’s obviously resurgent …a huge Michael Jackson phase .
We ’re listening to Michael Jackson around the house constantly .
And beyond just my daughter , yeah , I mean , absolutely , it seems like with every album I put out , a new generation of young fans discovers me , to the point where …I ’ve heard these stories about how kids would talk to their parents and say , “ Hey , I just found this new guy , ‘ Weird Al ’ Yankovic .
You ever hear of him ? ”
And they ’re , like , “ Uh , yeah .
Yeah , we ’ve heard of him . ” ( Laughs )
BE : Well , it ’s been good talking to you again , Al .
Here ’s hoping the new material continues to come out fast and furious , because I ’ve really been enjoying what you ’ve been putting out .
: Well , thanks .
I appreciate that .
Thank you so much !
Arsenal intend to sue the Dutch Football Federation , the KNVB , for compensation over the injury suffered by Robin van Persie while he was on international duty – and the case could transform the face of international football .
The Holland striker will miss most of the remainder of this season , having damaged ankle ligaments during a friendly against Italy last month , though he is expected to be fit for the World Cup .
Arsène Wenger believes clubs are treated disdainfully by international federations , as they are often left to pay hefty wage bills when their employees are put out of action representing their country .
" We are working on this with our lawyers at the moment and we are definitely going for it , " he said .
" I expect financial compensation for the damage it can make to the championship and the salary involved .
It is especially frustrating to lose your players for the rest of the season in a friendly game .
The question has to be raised . "
Wenger was less than impressed by the treatment Van Persie received with Holland , and claims the injury was misdiagnosed .
" Initially , the Dutch FA said it was a small problem and Robin called me to see if he could go and see this Serbian wonder doctor and it was OK .
It was only when he came back here that we realised there was much more damage .
In Holland they have a fight between the national doctor and the guy that did the surgery on Robin .
We just want to go for it because there are a lot of things that have not been done properly after he was injured . "
Wenger wants to force the issue to draw attention to a wider problem .
The Arsenal manager wants an overhaul in the balance of power which he believes favours international federations over the clubs .
" I am not against the national teams .
But at the moment we sit here and they can do what they want , " he said .
" The players are paid by their clubs and get injured playing for another team .
I am happy if England wins , but if we lose because England wins nobody cares about me .
There is something completely wrong with the system .
I want the power to be rebalanced more in favour of the clubs . "
The issue of compensation has been raised before , notably in a long - running case between Sporting Charleroi and Fifa , in which the Belgian club , backed by Europe 's top club sides in the form of the now - defunct G14 , sought compensation from the world governing body for an injury sustained by Abdelmajid Oulmers while he was playing for Morocco in a friendly against Burkina Faso in November 2004 .
The case was discontinued in early 2008 when the European Club Association superseded the G - 14 .
Under an agreement with Uefa and Fifa , clubs were to be handsomely compensated for players taking part in the finals of the European Championship and World Cup .
But there is no compensation for players who take part in qualifiers , friendlies or continental championships outside Europe .
This is what could change if Arsenal are successful , though poorer federations might then not call up their best players for fear of having to pay huge sums in compensation in the event of injury .
The repercussions in England would probably be less serious as the FA is one of the few federations who take out insurance on their players getting injured – they paid several million pounds to Newcastle after Michael Owen damaged his cruciate playing for England at the 2006 World Cup .
The premiums , though , are enormous .
" In less rich countries Fifa has to come in , " Wenger said .
" If you look at a player like Emmanuel Adebayor getting injured and the wages he is on at Manchester City , you could not expect the Togo FA to pay his wages .
That is when it becomes difficult .
Still , Fifa and Uefa have the funds to compensate clubs even if the smaller countries cannot afford it . "
Wenger also wants the banning of friendlies during the season , and the rescheduling of matchdays during international breaks to Friday - Tuesday instead of the traditional Saturday - Wednesday .
" When you go to Sunderland and your players have just come back on Thursday night or Friday morning how can you prepare properly ?
It is impossible , " he said .
We knew it was inevitable , and now it 's here : Google has just launched real - time search integrated into search results pages .
Google real - time search updates as stuff is happening around the Web — for example , live tweets , Yahoo Answers , news articles and Web pages now stream in on the actual result pages for your query .
It works on mobile too ( at least iPhone and Android for now ) .
Here 's a video demo from Google :
MySpace and Facebook Deals
That 's not all , though .
Google 's announced that they 've inked partnerships with both Facebook and MySpace to pull in data in real - time .
For Facebook , that means public Facebook Pages , and for MySpace , it means any stream data that is publicly available .
This is on top of the partnership that the company announced with Twitter back in October .
Live Within Days
Google says the features are n't available to everyone yet , but will be within the next few days .
However , all users can see it now via a " Hot Topics " feature that 's been added to Google Trends .
Click on any trend , then click a " Hot Topic , " and you 'll see the new " Latest Results " area of Google search results .
For example , you can currently see real - time updates for the Tiger Woods story .
Staying in Front of the Inevitable
For some time , it 's been clear to us that search has been moving to real - time , but until now , Google was seemingly falling behind Twitter , and even perhaps Bing ( who inked its own search deals with Twitter and Facebook earlier this year ) .
Now , with one sweeping stroke , Google has grabbed the lead in the real - time search space , and it appears that Facebook and Twitter have both conceded that they are n't going to outbuild Google when it comes to search .
These are significant strategic decisions for all of those involved that will dictate much of where these companies head in the years to come .
Roth 's horror flicks have proved box office hits
Horror movie director Eli Roth has revealed that he once worked as a sex chat room operator , posing as a woman .
The 37 - year - old film - maker , whose credits include horror movie Hostel , said the student job helped him finance his early screen efforts .
" They hired guys because guys know what other guys want to hear , " Roth said in an interview with the New York Post .
Roth had an acting role in Quentin Tarantino 's Inglourious Basterds alongside its star Brad Pitt .
' Dream actor '
He also played cameo roles in his own films , including Hostel and its sequel , as well as his 2002 movie Cabin Fever .
Roth added that his former job consisted of three men in their college dormitory and that he " could type 120 words a minute " while on duty in the chat rooms .
He said that he became proficient at cyberchatting to several people at once , but refused to disclose what his chat room name was .
" There were ads for me in magazines too ! " he joked .
" The creepy thing was , because this was in 1991 , we only got doctors and scientists because they were the ones using the Internet . "
Roth went on to discuss his role in war movie Inglourious Basterds , calling it " a once in a lifetime opportunity " .
" I wanted to make it great , make it memorable .
This was my chance to create a classic Tarantino character .
" So I dropped everything , put on 40 pounds of muscle and was completely in character the whole time .
I wanted to be the dream actor I always wish I had .
" It was one of the greatest experiences of my life , " added Roth .
Whoever you are annon from atlanta , GA -- thank you !!!
you were so sweet !!
I received a darling little box with tiny little candy striped wrapped presents .
I said I liked sparklie things , the color blue & anime !!
& I received fantastic false lashies and eye jewels !
as well as the most awesome 3 - some Maneki Neko statue !!!!
Oh ! and the kawaii - est little genki stickers ever !!
THANK YOUUUUU ~~~~ !!!!
Canadian mining companies are facing allegations of abuse and assault on local citizens in dozens of developing nations .
The companies say they have done nothing wrong – mining copper , gold and other metals brings only prosperity to these poor regions .
Yet locals in countries like Ecuador allege some companies have used armed guards to violently trample their opposition to mines that threaten rainforests and their way of life .
The word " Canada " is so reviled in some places that travelling Canadians mask their citizenship by wearing American flags on their caps and backpacks .
In Ottawa this week , at a House of Commons committee , MPs will continue debating a Liberal private member 's bill designed to put controls on mining companies overseas .
THE ALLEGATIONS are severe : From Ecuador comes a lawsuit , filed in Ontario , alleging that in 2006 a Canadian company 's armed security forces attacked unarmed locals with pepper spray first , then fired guns to dampen protest near a proposed mining site .
In El Salvador , allegations of violent attacks against anti-mining activists .
In Mexico , allegations of human rights and environmental abuse that led a Mexican court to close a Canadian - owned mine .
While MPs in Canada consider controls , foreign pension funds have signalled they will not invest in Canadian mining companies unless they adopt firm corporate responsibility rules abroad .
International Trade Minister Stockwell
Day says there will be no legislative action because it would not work , and the companies do not need it .
" As you know , one country does n't develop laws that apply in another country , " he said in an interview .
The allegations of human rights abuses come from at least 30 of the world 's poorest countries and have named companies of all sizes , from giant corporations to junior mining companies .
Company spokesmen at some firms say they are the target of false allegations that stem from poorly run or corrupt governments where mines are located .
" The biggest challenge out there is a lack of governance capacity in developing countries , " says Gordon Peeling , CEO of the Mining Association of Canada , which represents the interests of Canada 's largest mining companies .
" If ( countries ) had the capacity to protect civil rights and live up ( to ) their international obligations with appropriate justice systems , etc. we would n't have much to talk about . "
Forty - three per cent of the mining exploration around the world can be attributed to Canadian mining companies .
" In many countries , when foreign investors arrive , it happens too often that local , even national governments will wash their hands of these regions , " says Louise Léger , director general of Foreign Affairs Canada 's Trade Commissioner Service .
" In other words a company wants to invest , and all of a sudden it becomes responsible for building schools , roads , setting up health - care services , and providing basic services that all governments must ensure their citizens . "
But watchdog groups like MiningWatch Canada and the Halifax Initiative , both based in Ottawa , allege some companies spend money buying guns , employing paramilitaries , bribing officials and forcefully relocating entire communities .
Allegations like these caused John McKay , Liberal MP for Scarborough - Guildwood , to introduce the private member 's bill being debated in committee .
" Not only is there a behavioural risk to an individual company , but there is also a risk to our national reputation . "
Mining companies are big business in Canada and , with about 200 active lobbyists , a powerful voice in Ottawa .
So powerful that McKay is cautious in talking about his bill outside of chambers .
" I have to watch what I say , " he says .
" On specific ( allegations ) I would probably duck because I do n't have parliamentary immunity with respect to anything that I might say to you . "
POLITICIANS HAVE long squabbled over how best to deal with the accusations of abuse .
Debate kicked up in 2002 after a United Nations report called on the Canadian government to investigate the actions of seven Canadian companies accused of illegally exploiting resources from the Democratic Republic of the Congo , which has been in a state of civil war since 1996 .
The Canadian government did n't investigate .
Then in 2004 came reports of bloodshed .
From Africa :
Where the UN says 73 people were killed in Kilwa , a fishing town in the Congo .
Killed , according to a UN report , by the Congolese military , which used vehicles , supplies , pilots and drivers from a Canadian - Australian mining company to transport them to the site of the massacre .
The company , Anvil Mining , says its vehicles were confiscated by the military and that it had no choice but to comply under Congolese law .
To Southeast Asia :
Where 15 Canadian - employed mine workers were gunned down in a remote Philippine jungle strip , victims of a feud between Canada 's TVI Pacific Inc. and the indigenous peoples of Mindanao .
In 2005 , a foreign affairs committee looked at allegations that TVI Pacific was employing paramilitary forces to trample tribal grounds and abuse human rights .
The committee called for an investigation .
The Liberal government at the time responded , saying it recognized " the difficulties Canadian companies can face when operating in foreign jurisdictions " and said the TVI case " highlights the complexities of evaluating company activities against standards that may be either unclear or inconsistent between governments . "
Again , the government did n't investigate .
The company says it now has " complete support " from the community and that there have been no recent altercations .
BY 2007 an independent foreign affairs committee was hosting roundtable sessions with watchdog groups , human rights organizations , academics and mining companies to review the lack of oversight .
They put forward 27 recommendations to the government calling for the creation of a code of ethics for mining companies operating abroad and for an independent ombudsman to investigate alleged abuses .
On March 26 , 2009 – two years after the roundtable report – Day issued a press release announcing new initiatives to support responsible practices for Canadian businesses abroad .
Immediately , members of the roundtables ( other than Peeling ) began to ask what happened to the independent ombudsman .
The Mining Association 's Peeling was one of 17 signatories to the roundtables ' 2007 recommendations .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
He now says any legislation mandating companies adhere to a set of corporate social responsibilities would not be in keeping with those recommendations .
Peeling was recently named one of the most influential lobbyists in Ottawa by The Hill Times .
According to records kept by the Office of the Commissioner of Lobbying Canada , Peeling , along with two dozen other lobbyists for mining companies and associations , has been actively lobbying MPs over their responses to the roundtable report since its release .
The Liberal Party 's McKay and others say the lobbyists have been successful in dissuading the government from creating an ombudsman .
MININGWATCH CANADA and the Halifax Initiative , both roundtable signatories , have criticized Day 's response to the recommendations .
But Day says : " They need to get a real look at what is going on .
They need to see the high quality of work that Canadian companies do and how they respect host governments and local communities . "
Richard Janda , a law professor at McGill University and co-author of Corporate Social Responsibility : A Legal Analysis , says Day 's initiatives are weak and disregard the severity of the allegations .
He also questions Day 's appointment of Marketa Evans as Canada 's first corporate social responsibility counsellor , a recently appointed bureaucrat who answers to Day and who is the closest thing to an ombudsman the Harper government has produced .
He says Evans ' position is " toothless " because , under the mandate given to her by Day , she requires consent from a mining company before she can review any allegations against that company .
He asks what kind of oversight the government expects from an appointee with no real investigative powers charged with enforcing a voluntary code of ethics with no legislation to back her up .
Evans , who took office last month , has no staff and has yet to begin putting together any process for reviewing complaints .
But she stands up to her detractors .
Asked how she can be expected to investigate complaints against a company without the company 's consent , Evans said : " My hypothesis is that companies will want to participate in a review . "
Others have taken their criticisms further , alleging Evans is too close to the mining industry .
Evans was the founding director of the University of Toronto 's Munk Centre – named for and funded by Peter Munk , founder of Canada 's Barrick Gold .
" This idea that 's floating around somewhere in the ether that somehow I have become complicit with an agenda that the mining industry is driving is absolute nonsense , " she says .
Bob Rae , Liberal MP and foreign affairs critic , says he does n't take exception to Evans ' background so much as her mandate .
" The roundtables talked about having an ombudsman who would hear complaints and deal with them in an independent fashion , " he says .
" Instead we have a counsellor who is right at the heart of government , has no legislated mandate and has no powers as defined by law .
JANDA SAYS a Liberal private member 's bill , the one tabled by John McKay to regulate the industry , would better serve the 2007 roundtable recommendations .
That bill gives the minister of foreign affairs and the minister of international trade the responsibility of holding corporations accountable for their practices by submitting annual reports to the House of Commons and the Senate for review .
It also allows transgressors to be publicly lambasted and deprived of investment from the Canada Pension Plan and other government investments .
But as a private member 's bill it is not able to create an ombudsman position that would spend taxpayer money to investigate allegations of Canadian - financed abuses in the developing world .
McKay recognizes his bill is flawed in its inability to create an ombudsman .
He 's also not convinced his bill will ever make it through the House .
The Conservatives have vowed to kill it and McKay says some Liberals are weary of attaching themselves to a bill opposed by some of the richest companies in the country .
" The mining industry in Canada is too powerful a lobby , " McKay says .
But he wo n't say much else .
" I have to be extremely careful because the mining companies have made it very plain to me that , ` We will sue your ass off if , in fact , you make any allegation of our companies and cause reputational damage . '
" But I will say , if they think they can treat a Canadian MP this way , you can imagine what they say about Third World countries where they can walk in and say , ` How much to buy you ? ' "
Former DNC Chairman Howard Dean 's calls to kill the Senate healthcare bill are " nonsense " and " irresponsible , " Sen .
Jay Rockefeller ( D - W.Va . ) said Wednesday .
Rockefeller , one of the most ardent supporters of the public option in the Senate , sharply broke with Dean , a physician and former Democratic National Committee chairman , who said that Democrats should kill the Senate 's health bill because it does n't contain a public option or Medicare buy - in .
" It 's nonsense and it 's irresponsible and coming from him as a physician , it 's stunning , " Rockefeller said during an appearance on MSNBC .
ADVERTISEMENT
Dean 's call to ditch the current reform efforts drew wide - eyed responses from Republicans and Democrats alike .
Rockefeller said that compromises would be necessary , and that Democrats would come back with more attempts at health reform , perhaps as often as every year .
" Am I angry that the public option appears to have been dropped ?
Of course I 'm angry .
Was I for Medicare buy - in ?
Of course I was , " Rockefeller argued .
" So what do I do ?
Do I take my football and go home and sob and complain ? "
" No , I look at the bill and say what is in the interest of the people in my state , " he added .
Rockefeller signaled an interest in compromising on any number of issues in order to pass a bill , including restrictions on federal subsidies for health plans covering abortion , as Sen. Ben Nelson ( D - Neb. ) has demanded .
" We need 60 votes and therefore let 's try to resolve the abortion issue , " he explained .
" If I have to choose between those things , I say go with the bigger picture .
" He also suggested Democrats would seek to further their reform effort more frequently in the future , as well .
" Before , it was healthcare every 15 years , " Rockefeller said .
" From now on it 's going to be every single year . "
Mike Costa knows his Transformers .
As one of the franchise 's most prolific contributors ( especially in comics ) , he knows a thing or two thousand about the robots in disguise ( and their impossible - to - onomatopoeia - ize transformation sound ) .
Siebertron has a new interview with Costa , full of insights aimed primarily at hardcore TF fans , but one part in particular caught our eye .
When asked to settle the debate over the existence of gender in the TF - verse , Costa had this to say :
" Gender definitely does exist .
And where I stand on the fembot issue is this : A Cybertronian robot should have the right to marry anyone he or she desires , provided that they are consensual beings . "
It 's a bit of a dodge on a huge nerd argument , but it also sidesteps into a statement about gay marriage , an issue far more relevant to our own society / species / nation .
We wonder if same - sex robotic unions would be as controversial on Cybertron as they are in America ?
For that matter , have any Transformers gotten hitched , even in a " traditional " robot marriage ?
Yesterday , the web was buzzing with commentary about Google CEO Eric Schmidt 's dangerous , dismissive response to concerns about search engine users ' privacy .
When asked during an interview for CNBC 's recent " Inside the Mind of Google " special about whether users should be sharing information with Google as if it were a " trusted friend , " Schmidt responded , " If you have something that you do n't want anyone to know , maybe you should n't be doing it in the first place . "
Unfortunately , Schmidt 's statement makes it seem as if Google , a company that claims to care about privacy , is not even concerned enough to understand basic lessons about privacy and why it 's important on so many levels -- from protection against shallow embarrassments to the preservation of freedom and human rights .
In response to Schmidt , Security researcher Bruce Schneier referenced an eloquent piece he wrote in 2006 that makes the case that " [ p ] rivacy is an inherent human right , and a requirement for maintaining the human condition with dignity and respect . "
Schneier writes :
For if we are observed in all matters , we are constantly under threat of correction , judgment , criticism , even plagiarism of our own uniqueness .
We become children , fettered under watchful eyes , constantly fearful that -- either now or in the uncertain future -- patterns we leave behind will be brought back to implicate us , by whatever authority has now become focused upon our once - private and innocent acts .
We lose our individuality , because everything we do is observable and recordable .
Gawker was quick to point out the personal hypocrisy of Schmidt 's dismissive stance , noting that for about a year , Schmidt blacklisted CNET reporters from Google after the tech news company published an article with information about his salary , neighborhood , hobbies , and political donations -- all obtained from Google searches .
Techdirt noted additionally that Schmidt 's statement is painfully similar to the tired adage of pro-surveillance advocates that incorrectly presume that privacy 's only function is to obscure lawbreaking : " If you 've done nothing wrong , you 've got nothing to worry about . "
In a talk about privacy given to the American Library Association , EFF Fellow Cory Doctorow highlights the error in logic that leads to short - sighted conceptions of privacy like Schmidt's :
We have an unfortunate tendency to conflate personal and private with secret and we say , " Well , given that this information is n't a secret , given that it 's known by other people , how can you say that it 's private ? "
And we can in fact say that there are a lot of things that are [ not ] in secret that are in private .
Every one of us does something private and not secret when we go to the bathroom .
Every one of us has parents who did at least one private thing that 's not a secret , otherwise we would n't be here .
So this decision — this determination — over when and under what circumstances your personal information is divulged tracks very closely to how free and how much power you have in a society .
When you look at really stratified societies , particularly the great totalitarian empires of the last century , the further up the ladder you go , the more raw power you wield , the more raw power you have over this disclosure of your personal information .
And the further down the ladder you go , the less power you have .
The understanding that privacy is a key liberty informs EFF 's many privacy efforts , including to improve search engine practices and policies , uncover details about snooping on social networking sites , tighten up laws around behavioral tracking online , argue for better reader privacy , and more .
Google , governments , and technologists need to understand more broadly that ignoring privacy protections in the innovations we incorporate into our lives not only invites invasions of our personal space and comfort , but opens the door to future abuses of power .
Jeremy Scahill joined Ed Schultz to discuss the recent column in the New York Times -- Blackwater Guards Tied to Secret C.I.A .
Raids :
WASHINGTON — Private security guards from Blackwater Worldwide participated in some of the C.I.A. ’s most sensitive activities — clandestine raids with agency officers against people suspected of being insurgents in Iraq and Afghanistan and the transporting of detainees , according to former company employees and intelligence officials .
Several former Blackwater guards said that their involvement in the operations became so routine that the lines supposedly dividing the Central Intelligence Agency , the military and Blackwater became blurred .
Instead of simply providing security for C.I.A. officers , they say , Blackwater personnel at times became partners in missions to capture or kill militants in Iraq and Afghanistan , a practice that raises questions about the use of guns for hire on the battlefield .
Continue reading ...
Schultz asked Scahill if we had any idea of what kind of resources Blackwater had committed in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Scahill : Ed , this company was a plausible deniability machine .
Erik Prince the owner of that company built a parallel infrastructure to the U.S. military .
He had an air force with his own aircraft .
He had a maritime division .
He had Blackwater Select which was providing special operations guys .
They were guarding and still do guard U.S. diplomats and ambassadors , including the U.S. ambassador in Afghanistan right now .
Ed I also understand that Blackwater , because it ’s owned by such an incredibly wealthy individual did some operations for free .
That ’s the ultimate deniability under the Bush administration .
There were arrangements with Cheney , the C.I.A. and Special Forces where Blackwater ’s guys were essentially working for free in operations funded by the owner of that company Erik Prince .
The story here though Ed that everyone seems to be missing is that Blackwater was n’t just working for the C.I.A .
They were working for the Joint Special Operations Command — the U.S. military and we talked about this on your show recently , including in Pakistan where Blackwater simultaneously worked for the C.I.A. and for JSOC .
That story is a scandal that needs to be investigated much more thoroughly Ed. Schultz :
Is this relationship between Blackwater and the C.I.A. and the use of Blackwater still in existence under the Obama administration .
Scahill :
It certainly is .
In fact news breaking as I came on tonight that Leon Panetta the C.I.A .
Director is trying to cancel Blackwater ’s participation in the C.I.A. drone bombing campaign which has put its operatives on the ground not only in Pakistan but in Afghanistan as well .
And so my understanding from both within Blackwater and from outside is that Blackwater remains very active with both U.S. Special Forces and the C.I.A .
Scahill tweeted this before going on Ed's show : # Blackwater is leaking the CIA ops for a reason .
It also distracts from ongoing ops that are not CIA .
He also noted that ABC News confirmed his report tonight - Mercenaries ?
CIA Says Expanded Role for Contractors Legitimate .
You can find more from Scahill at his blog Rebel Reports .
One of the problems with liberals , as conservatives know , is that no matter how much money they are given to spend , it 's never enough .
The social and economic problems they lament are impossible to eradicate entirely , so more spending is always in order .
After all , it is bound to do some good .
Spending less ?
Never an option .
But it turns out conservatives are not immune to that impulse .
They just apply it to the programs they like instead of the ones liberals like .
And their favorite of all is defense spending .
The Wall Street Journal 's editorial writers fear that any day , we will be naked unto our enemies .
President Obama , they warn , wants to lavish money on everything but the military .
America faces an array of threats , and " Obama 's budget is n't adequate to those challenges . "
Really ?
Cindy Williams , a defense scholar at Massachusetts Institute of Technology and former assistant director of the Congressional Budget Office , points out that Obama wants to spend 2 percent more in the next fiscal year than President Bush allocated for this year , and 9 percent more than we spent last year .
Bush also planned for the defense budget ( apart from Iraq and Afghanistan ) to shrink slightly each year starting in 2010 .
Obama 's blueprint calls for the defense budget to remain about the same .
" Spending will actually be higher under Obama 's plan than under Bush's , " says Williams .
But as conservatives have been known to point out , Washington policymakers have funny ways with numbers .
Last year , the Defense Department asked for an increase of nearly $ 60 billion in the 2010 budget over what had been planned .
The Obama administration declined but agreed to a smaller increase .
So conservatives should be pleased , right ?
Wrong .
Since the increase the Pentagon got is less than it wanted , they claim Obama is " cutting " defense spending .
By that logic , if you ask for a 50 percent raise and get only 10 percent , you 've suffered a pay cut .
The real question is not why Obama wants to spend so little on defense but why he wants to spend so much .
Since 2001 , our military outlays have soared by 40 percent , after adjusting for inflation .
And that 's not counting the costs of fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan .
We not only spend more than anyone else , we spend more than everyone else .
Globalsecurity.org reports that in 2004 , the United States lavished $ 623 billion on the military .
All the other governments on Earth together managed only $ 500 billion .
Even this gap understates our dominance , because most of the other top spenders are U.S. allies .
No nation can dream of challenging us in the air or at sea .
We have a huge nuclear arsenal capable of inflicting mass annihilation on a moment 's notice .
Meanwhile , the demands on our military are easing rather than growing .
Under the agreement Bush signed with the Iraqi government , which Obama has reaffirmed , we are supposed to be out of Iraq by the end of 2011 .
The threat from al - Qaida has been greatly reduced .
Still , looming threats can always be found .
The Washington Post had a story the other day about China 's military expansion , which has enlarged its budget to more than $ 100 billion in 2008 .
This trend worries the Pentagon .
" Given the apparent absence of direct threats from other nations , " says the Post , " the purposes to which China 's current and future military power will be applied remain uncertain . "
But our spending that year was more than $ 600 billion .
And China , come to think of it , is not the only country spending a lot on the military despite the absence of direct threats from other nations .
Benjamin Friedman of the libertarian Cato Institute in Washington notes something generally overlooked in Washington : " In a literal sense , the United States does not have a defense budget . "
Our military outlays go for all sorts of purposes — " the purported extension of freedom , the maintenance of hegemony , and the ability to threaten any other nation with conquest . "
But defending the nation 's basic security ?
That 's a small share of our military outlays .
If we focused on what is vital for our safety and independence , we could spend a lot less money .
But if there is no limit to what we have to do to police and remake the world , there is also no limit to what we can spend .
COPYRIGHT 2009 CREATORS SYNDICATE , INC .
Inquiring minds are watching Job Opening and Labor Turnover stats for signs of life .
There were 2.5 million job openings on the last business day of October 2009 , the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics reported today .
The job openings rate was unchanged over the month at 1.9 percent .
The openings rate has held relatively steady since March 2009 .
The hires rate ( 3.0 percent ) and the separations rate ( 3.2 percent ) were essentially unchanged and remained low .
This release includes estimates of the number and rate of job openings , hires , and separations for the total nonfarm sector by industry and geographic region .
Job Openings
The job openings rate was unchanged in October at 1.9 percent .
After falling steeply from mid-2007 through February 2009 , the job openings rate has been steady at 1.8 percent or 1.9 percent since March 2009 .
Hires
The hires rate was essentially unchanged in October at 3.0 percent .
The rate has remained between 3.0 percent and 3.2 percent since February 2009 .
The hires level fell by 1.5 million from the most recent peak in July 2006 to March 2009 but has declined by only 133,000 since .
The hires rate was essentially unchanged in every industry and region in October .
Over the 12 months ending in October , the hires rate ( not seasonally adjusted ) declined for total nonfarm and total private .
The hires rate decreased over the 12 months for wholesale trade ; retail trade ; information ; accommodation and food services ; and state and local government .
The rate increased for federal government .
Separations
The total separations , or turnover , rate was little changed in October and remained low at 3.2 percent .
The total separations rate ( not seasonally adjusted ) decreased over the 12 months ending in October for total nonfarm and total private .
Total separations includes quits ( voluntary separations ) , layoffs and discharges ( involuntary separations ) , and other separations ( including retirements ) .
The total separations level is influenced by the relative contribution of its three components — quits , layoffs and discharges , and other separations .
The percentage of total separations at the total nonfarm level attributable to the individual components has varied over time .
The proportion of quits had exceeded the proportion of layoffs and discharges every month from the beginning of the series in December 2000 until November 2008 when layoffs and discharges became the larger contributor to total separations .
The proportion of separations due to quits fell to a series low of 38 percent in April 2009 but has since risen slightly , standing at 42 percent in October 2009 .
The proportion of separations due to layoffs and discharges rose to a series high of 55 percent in July 2009 but has since dropped slightly , standing at 50 percent in October 2009 .
Net Change in Employment
Over the 12 months ending in October , hires totaled 49.9 million and separations totaled 54.9 million , yielding a net employment loss of 5.0 million .
Losses vs. Openings
Hiring Plans No Savior
Chief executive officers , supply managers and small business leaders in the U.S. said a pickup in sales next year will not lead to a surge in hiring , surveys showed .
Three times as many company chiefs anticipate sales will grow over the next six months than project payrolls will climb , according to a survey by the Washington - based Business Roundtable .
A poll by the Institute for Supply Management found service companies , which account for almost 90 percent of the economy , forecast additional job cuts in 2010 .
Sixty - eight percent of chief executive officers this quarter said they expect sales to grow , compared with 51 percent in the previous three months , the report from the Business Roundtable showed .
The group is an association of CEOs of corporations representing a combined workforce of 12 million employees and almost $ 6 trillion in annual revenue .
Nineteen percent said they planned on increasing headcount .
“ Services employment has been declining steadily and will continue to decline , ” Anthony Nieves , chairman of the group ’s services survey said in an interview .
“ There is going to be slow growth not substantial spikes . ”
Confidence among small businesses declined in November to the lowest level in four months , the Washington - based National Federation of Independent Business reported today .
Those expecting to take on more staff fell to a net minus 3 percent from minus 1 percent a month earlier , the figures showed .
Negative readings signal more owners plan to cut staff than hire more workers .
The group ’s sales index improved to minus 2 from minus 4 , showing pessimism over revenue was starting to abate .
The Business Roundtable ’s employment results were more pessimistic than those reported by Manpower Inc. today .
The world ’s second - largest provider of temporary workers said 12 percent of the more than 28,000 companies it polled planned to hire additional staff in the first quarter , matching the share that anticipated more cutbacks .
A record 73 percent projected payrolls will be unchanged .
After adjusting for seasonal differences , the Manpower index turned positive for the first time in a year .
Hiring Plans Anemic
LONDON , Dec. 20 ( UPI ) -- A British electrical engineer was sentenced to three years in prison for killing his wife by throwing a TV remote control at her .
Paul Harvey , 46 , cried during Friday 's sentencing hearing in London as a prosecutor described his wife 's death .
Investigators found Gloria Laguna , 48 , died because her skull was extremely thin in places , a congenital condition she never knew about .
Advertisement
Prosecutor Richard Whittam maintained Harvey did not intend his wife 's death .
Harvey called the police emergency number , saying his wife collapsed after he threw the remote control at her .
" It is clear to anyone the distress he was suffering at the time , " Whittam said .
" He was crying and he remained in considerable distress , including pleading with her to recover .
" When paramedics arrived , he said , ' What have I done ? ' and ' I think I have killed my wife .
I threw a remote control at my wife 's head . ' "
Harvey , who pleaded guilty to manslaughter , said he and his wife had been drinking and using cocaine at their home in London in March when they began arguing .
Boost your ecommerce growth by offering amazing online experiences
Our Magento expertise enables us to offer scalable ecommerce solutions built to trigger business growth and online success .
Magento is a cost effective solution for all your ecommerce requirements as it ’s built on open source technology .
We leverage the immense potential of this platform to give your online store the look , feel and functionality that you want its customer ’s to experience .
Our exhaustive experience of working on diverse Magento based client projects allows us to deliver a variety of Magento services including
Mayor David Miller says adult male shinny groups and players in the competitive Greater Toronto Hockey League will be moved out of publicly owned arenas or pushed to different time slots to accommodate the growing number of girls in the game .
" They need to accept that they are less of a priority for public arenas than girls , and I do n't think anyone can quarrel with that , " Miller said Tuesday .
Miller was responding to the 900 - member Toronto Leaside Girls Hockey Association , which threatened to launch a human rights complaint in an Oct. 30 letter to the mayor over what the league alleges is the city 's failure to enforce its equity policy at city arenas .
He also called the " lack of action " in equity compliance at three arenas run by boards of management – North Toronto Memorial , Larry Grossman Forest Hill Memorial and Leaside Memorial Gardens – " unacceptable . "
The 900 - member Toronto Leaside Girls Hockey Association threatened to launch a human - rights complaint in an Oct. 30 letter to Miller over what it alleges is the city 's failure to enforce its equity policy at publicly owned arenas .
The association says the arenas shut girls out of prime - time ice and instead , in some cases , rent it to adult men for hockey .
Association President Ron Baker said Tuesday his not - for - profit league has spent more than $ 1 million over the past five years to play in expensive private arenas largely because city - owned facilities in players ' neighbourhoods regularly refuse to give the girls ' hockey association permits for ice Baker insists it 's entitled to .
" We have a choice : We can just quietly go away or we can fight for the girls ' rights , " said Baker .
He added that pursuing a human - rights complaint would be the " last resort " if the association – which uses 18 public and private GTA arenas to meet its practice and game ice needs – does n't see a change soon .
And female hockey players do have rights , according to the city 's equity policy .
" The policy is there for this very reason , the whole point being girls ' and women 's hockey in this city is on the rise and , yes , they should have equal access to ice time , " said Stuart Green , a spokesman from Miller 's office .
Regardless of gender , priority is supposed to be given at city arenas first to youth recreational hockey ( house leagues ) , then to youth competitive hockey , and then to adult recreational shinny .
For house leagues , the best times are weekends and early weekday evenings , since players are at school .
But because demand is so great , there are no guarantees .
For instance , the competitive Greater Toronto Hockey League plays at Victoria Village Arena , where the Leaside girls have no access .
For all hockey players , city ice is coveted not only because it 's close to home for community users , but also because it 's much cheaper – about $ 140 an hour for youth – than private arenas , where rates can top $ 300 an hour .
What complicates the plight of the girls ' hockey association is that most of the local public arenas – North Toronto Memorial Arena , Larry Grossman Forest Hill Arena , Ted Reeve Arena and Leaside Memorial Gardens – are operated at arm 's length from the city by volunteer boards mandated to serve the immediate community .
These operating boards are autonomous and historically have had leeway in determining their top user groups .
Keith Begley , in his second year as Ted Reeve board chair , said the Leaside league turned down one of four hours offered them this year .
He said the board is committed to giving female hockey more time , moving groups around and dropping some Greater Toronto Hockey League games to make room .
Malcolm Bromley , Toronto 's director of community recreation , said the city is working with management boards to accommodate everyone as hockey 's popularity shifts – boys ' numbers are down , adults ' are up , and female registration is soaring .
" ( It 's ) fair to say we 're playing catch - up in responding to the explosive demand for ice time for girls and women 's hockey .
" It 's not good enough to just say , ' If you 've had ice in the past , you continue to get that ice at the expense of growing and burgeoning sports , like women 's and girls ' hockey . ' "
Ward 30 councillor Paula Fletcher said anti-female attitudes " left over from the past " need to change .
" It 's just shocking that in this day and age , girls ' hockey is being treated so poorly . "
She 's been pushing for a new four - pad arena – with plans for one surface exclusive to women – to be built in the port lands by March 2011 .
" We 're coming up to the Olympics , and our big winners at the Olympics .
Who are our gold medal people ?
It 's the girls . "
Baker says his number - crunching shows his league is entitled to 22 hours weekly at North Toronto , but the girls have zero access despite repeated league entreaties .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Girls ' hockey association alumna and current peewee coach Kim McCullough said it 's frustrating to have to live with old stereotypes .
" We 're still seen as second - class citizens .
We 're treated as a lesser version of the men's game , " said McCullough , who 's also the girls ' hockey director at Toronto 's PEAC School for Elite Athletes .
The association is encouraging its members to sign a petition , to be presented to Toronto City Council at its Nov. 30 meeting , calling on the city to enforce its equity policy at city - owned and board - run arenas .
Targeting Planetary Migration
When the stars are properly aligned , expect remarkable things .
How useful , for example , to find that a planet we would like to know much more about — HAT - P - 7b , about 1000 light years from Earth — is not only providing intriguing transit information right now , but is also in Kepler ’s field of view .
We ’d like to know whether there are massive outer planets in this system , or possibly a binary companion .
These are questions that the Kepler observatory may be able to answer .
Any transiting exoplanet is obviously of high interest , but HAT - P - 7 b stands out a bit more following the publication of two recent papers in separate journals .
Both used the Subaru Telescope to examine the planet ’s unusual orbit , which appears to be retrograde or polar .
This is useful stuff , because it ’s telling us something about how planetary systems form , offering useful evidence about planetary migration models .
What we would expect is that planets that form in protoplanetary disks around young stars would have an orbital axis aligned with the stellar spin axis — this is certainly what we see in our own Solar System .
But what we are finding around other stars compels us to look at planetary migration models that can disrupt this pattern .
Interactions between giant planets or planets and a nearby companion star can cause tilted or retrograde orbits to occur , the latter being defined as orbits that are tilted by more than ninety degrees from the stellar spin axis .
A Japanese team led by Norio Narita ( National Astronomical Observatory of Japan ) worked with the Rossiter - McLaughlin effect , which produces a distortion in radial velocity data during a planetary transit .
The diagram shows the effect , which is perceived as a change in the velocity of the star , but is actually the effect of the transiting planet on the star ’s light .
This is thorny , but bear with me :
If a planet occults part of the approaching ( blue - shifted ) part of the star ’s disk , the radial velocity of the star will appear to be slightly red-shifted , and vice - versa .
The Rossiter - McLaughlin effect depends on the spin - orbit alignment of the system , which is why it is so useful .
Image : An illustration of the Rossiter - McLaughlin effect .
As a star rotates , one part appears to be approaching , the other receding .
During a planetary transit , we can see the Rossiter - McLaughlin effect as an apparent anomaly in the stellar radial velocity .
The star appears to be receding if the transiting planet hides an approaching part and vice versa .
We can observe this effect by precise radial velocity measurements .
Note that if the planet orbits in a prograde manner , the planet first hides an approaching side and subsequently hides a receding side .
Inversely , if the planet orbits in a retrograde manner , the effect occurs in reverse .
Credit : National Astronomical Observatory of Japan .
Narita ’s team found that HAT - P - 7 b shows clear evidence of a retrograde orbit , an observation confirmed by a US team led by Joshua N. Winn ( MIT ) .
So we have information about an unusual orbit but no migration model for this system , which is why finding other planets or a binary companion would be useful .
Kepler ’s help will be invaluable as we work to understand what appears to be a wide variety of planetary orbits , fitting these into theoretical models that explain the origin of each .
Image :
The observational result of the Rossiter - McLaughlin effect on UT May 30 , 2008 taken with the Subaru HDS ( Narita et al. 2009 ) .
This figure shows that HAT - P - 7 b first hides a receding part of the star HAT - P - 7 and subsequently hides an approaching side .
National Astronomical Observatory of Japan .
The first paper is Narita et al. , “ First Evidence of a Retrograde Orbit of a Transiting Exoplanet HAT - P - 7 b , ” Publications of the Astronomical Society of Japan Letters , Vol 61 , No. 5 ( 2009 ) , pp. L35 - L40 ( abstract ) .
The second is Winn et al. , “ HAT - P - 7 : A Retrograde or Polar Orbit , and a Third Body , ” The Astrophysical Journal Letters , Vol. 703 , Issue 2 ( 2009 ) , pp. L99 - L103 ( abstract ) .
God Rest You Merry Right - Wing Nuts
A substitute teacher and Tea Party member in California , home to many Sikhs , Hindus , Buddhists , Jews and other non-Christmasy types , is proposing a law to force schoolchildren to sing Christmas carols .
Merry Hyatt says her " Freedom to Present Christmas Music in Public School Classrooms or Assemblies " initiative will invite " the prince of peace " back into kids ' lives to make it all okay again .
" I have two words to say about Ms. Hyatt 's proposal , " said Rob Boston of Americans United for Separation of Church and State .
" Blatantly unconstitutional . "
Read more
Rhetoric Vs. Reality
On the same day he received the Nobel Peace Prize , the ACLU blasted President Obama for shielding Bush officials from accountability for its torture polices " on every front .... from civil liability , criminal investigation and even public scrutiny . "
To date , it noted , " not a single torture victim has had his day in court . "
" The Bush administration constructed a legal framework for torture , " said the ACLU 's Jameel Jaffer .
" Now the Obama administration is constructing a legal framework for impunity . "
Read more
No More Back Alleys
The city of Berkeley made a pointed statement on abortion Wednesday by sending coat hangers - a symbol of illegal abortions - to 20 Democrats in the U.S.
House who voted to restrict federal funding for abortions in the health care bill .
The 20 Representatives are here .
" The coat hanger represents the time when women had to have abortions in back alleys , " said councilmember Susan Wengraf .
" I do n't want my granddaughter to go through what my grandmothers had to . "
Read more
West VA Lawmaker ' Worried ' About HS Students ' Single - Payer Tee -Shirts
West Virginia Delegate Daryl Cowles , R- Morgan , has expressed concern that eight Berkeley Springs High School students recently wore Single Payer Action T - shirts , saying he is worried that the small form of protest could escalate into something more .
Read more
Spending 30 K on a single golf course ??
From morning joe :
Do n't talk about , put fear mongering into your speak about JOBS , JOBS , JOBS when you are golfing like a D.C. elitist .
OK ???
Ted Kennedy : Public Option " Vital " To HCR
In his last published piece on the subject of health care reform , Senator Ted Kennedy wrote on July 18 , 2009 :
I long ago learned that you have to be a realist as you pursue your ideals .
But whatever the compromises , there are several elements that are essential to any health - reform plan worthy of the name .
. . .
To accomplish all of this , we have to cut the costs of health care .
. . .
[ O ] ne of the most controversial features of reform is one of the most vital .
It 's been called the " public plan . " . . .
This will foster competition in pricing and services .
It will be a safety net , giving Americans a place to go when they can't find or afford private insurance , and it 's critical to holding costs down for everyone .
( Emphasis supplied . )
Do n't let the Third Wayers like Ezra Klein and Steve Pearlstein tell falsehoods about what Ted Kennedy thought about the public option .
His words speak for themselves .
Speaking for me only
NEW YORK ( Reuters Health ) - Within 2 years of having sex for the first time , half of teenage girls may be at least one of three common sexually transmitted infections ( STIs ) , according to results of a study published today .
Often , those girls are infected by the age of 15 .
Researchers followed 386 urban adolescent girls aged 14 to 17 for up to 8 years .
Within 2 years of becoming sexually active , half of the girls were infected with at least one of three common sexually transmitted organisms : Chlamydia trachomatis , Neisseria gonorrhoeae , or Trichomonas vaginalis -- the organisms that cause chlamydia , gonorrhea and trichomoniasis , respectively .
The researchers found that a quarter of the women had acquired their first STI by age 15 , most often Chlamydia .
“ Repeated infections were very common , ” study investigator Dr. Wanzhu Tu , of Indiana University School of Medicine in Indianapolis told Reuters Health by email .
“ Within 4 to 6 months ( depending on the organism ) after treatment of the previous infection , a quarter of the women were re-infected with the same organism . ”
Tu said young women are at risk of STIs as soon as they become sexually active , but recommendations are lacking about when it is appropriate to begin screening .
“ These young women are vulnerable to STIs , but because of their younger age , they may not be perceived by health care providers as having STI risk , and thus are not screened in a timely manner . ”
The current findings ,
Tu said , highlight the importance of early STI screening and treatment .
“ For urban adolescent women , STI screening ( especially for chlamydia ) should begin within 1 year after first intercourse and infected individuals should be retested frequently , preferably every 3 to 4 months , ” the researcher said .
“ To my knowledge , this study provides the first data on the timing of the initial STI and subsequent STIs following the onset of sexual activity in urban adolescent women , ” Tu added .
The study findings appear in the latest issue of Archives of Pediatrics and Adolescent Medicine , published by the American Medical Association .
A companion paper in the journal details a program that proved successful in curbing risky sexual behavior among 15 - to 21 - year - old African American adolescent girls and young women .
The participants , all of whom where visiting a sexual health clinic in Atlanta , took part in two group counseling sessions and received telephone support and vouchers to give to their partners to encourage them to get tested and treated for STIs .
This study is “ exciting ” for several reasons , Dr. Bonita Stanton from Wayne State University in Detroit wrote in a commentary .
First , the program reduced first and recurrent chlamydia infections and led to higher rates of self - reported condom use , she points out .
Second , it got the teen girls cut back on douching , which has been linked to increased risk of STIs .
But perhaps “ most intriguing , ” Stanton wrote , is that the young adolescent girls who participated in the program were able to convince their sexual partners to get tested for STIs .
SOURCE : Archives of Pediatrics and Adolescent Medicine , December 2009 .
Paralysed dog walks again after pioneering treatment that could help humans with spinal injuries
A paralysed dog has been put back on his feet again , raising hopes of a treatment for humans with severe spinal injuries .
Henry the miniature dachshund was unable to walk after discs ruptured in his spine last November .
In a pioneering treatment , scientists at Cambridge University took cells from his nose and injected them into his spine .
Back on four legs :
Henry the miniature dachshund , who was paralysed , has taken his first steps after pioneering treatment by scientists at Cambridge University
These cells are used because they aid the growth of new nerve fibres .
Now the six - year - old dog is walking and wagging his tail again .
Scientists originally found the treatment worked on rats .
Professor Nick Jeffery and Professor Robin Franklin , who are running the trial , then decided to try the procedure on dogs because spinal injuries are common in many breeds .
Henry has also received physiotherapy and is monitored on a treadmill .
Dr Jeffrey said : ' We hope if the results are positive in a few years time the treatment could perhaps be used to help people . '
Scientists at Cambridge Veterinary School took cells from Henry 's nose and injected them back into his spine .
' It 's incredible , I did n't think Henry would ever be able to walk again , but over the last few months he has been wagging his tail and taking small steps , ' said owner Sarah Beech , 34 , from Birmingham .
' The vet told me to put him to sleep because he would n't have a very good quality of life and he was very depressed .
But this treatment has really helped . '
Scientists took cells from Henry 's nose and injected them into his spine
Henry had always enjoyed going for walks but suddenly lost the use of his legs about a year ago .
' One day he yelped when I picked him up and two days later he could n't walk , ' she added .
' The discs in his back were pushing into his spinal cord and eventually he lost the use of his back legs and continence .
' I think he may have fallen down the stairs at some point before I bought him as his spine was quite badly damaged . '
Henry was given an operation to ease the pressure on his spine , but it did n't work .
Then Sarah heard about the new treatment for severe spinal cord injuries and decided to enlist him in the trial .
Cells were harvested from his nose in March and injected back into his spine after four weeks .
Just a month later
Henry took his first steps .
Step by step :
Henry undergoes treatment
' He can take at least four steps now so he is making good progress , ' said Sarah .
' His tail is also starting to get back to its original shape which shows he is getting some feeling back . '
Dr Jeffery said : '' Most dogs with spinal injuries can be treated conventionally and make a good recovery , but this procedure is intended for particularly severe cases .
' Cells are collected from inside the back of the nose as these special cells are capable of supporting the growth of new nerve fibres .
' We then increase the cell numbers , purify them and place them back into the damaged region of the spinal cord , where they help new fibres to grow . '
After the procedure dogs are given physiotherapy and monitored on a treadmill to see how much movement has returned to their legs .
' The potential of this procedure is enormous , ' Dr Jeffery added .
' We hope if the results are positive in a few years time the treatment could perhaps be used to help people . '
Both Britain and Argentina have staked claims to the maritime territory south of the Falklands .
Oil companies last drilled in the Falklands in 1998 but stopped as wells were not seen as viable at the time .
It is now thought to make economic sense because of high oil prices
Watch the footage taken by Paul Lewis during his standoff with City of London police
guardian.co.uk
It felt like a minor terror alert .
Four security guards were watching me , whispering into microphones on their collars .
A plainclothes police officer had just covered my camera lens , mentioned the words " hostile reconnaissance " and told me I would be followed around the city if I moved .
Two uniformed officers were on their way to stop and search me under section 44 of the Terrorism Act , he said .
Special Branch , the police counter - terrorism unit linked to the secret services , had been informed .
It had taken less than two minutes from the first click of my camera .
My subject was the Gherkin , an iconic London landmark photographed hundreds of times a day and , as it turned out , the ideal venue to test claims from a growing number of photographers claiming they cannot take a picture in public without being harassed under anti-terrorist laws .
This was the first week in which police had been ordered to take a more sensible approach to street photography .
By Monday morning all 43 police forces in England and Wales had received a memorandum warning them that officers were " confused " over stop and search powers .
" Officers should be reminded that it is not an offence for a member of the public or journalist to take photographs of a public building and use of cameras by the public does not ordinarily permit use of stop and search powers , " the circular said .
Andy Trotter , chief constable of the British transport police , who drafted the guidance for the Association of Chief Police Officers , said photographers should be " should be left alone to get on with what they are doing " .
The shift in policy was a direct response to weeks of negative media reports surrounding photographers , amateur and professional , who said they were being unfairly stopped , usually under section 44 , a law allowing officers to stop and search without need for " suspicion " within designated areas in the UK .
While the use of anti-terrorist stop and search powers has fallen in recent months , a succession of high - profile incidents involving the use of the legislation against photographers has embarrassed senior officers , who privately concede that the rank and file are misusing their powers on the ground .
Recent examples include Jeff Overs , a BBC photographer who told the Andrew Marr Show he was stopped under suspicion of terrorism reconnaissance while photographing St Paul 's Cathedral , and Andrew White , an amateur photographer questioned by two police community support officers for photographing Christmas lights in Brighton .
In April two Austrian tourists were forced to delete their shots after being stopped by police in Walthamstow ; and Alex Turner , an amateur photographer , was arrested under section 44 after taking images of a fish and chip shop in Kent .
Earlier this week Grant Smith , an architecture photographer , was apprehended under section 44 by City of London police while photographing Sir Christopher Wren 's Christ Church , around the corner from the Gherkin .
Smith , a critic of the stop and search policy , had been wearing a badge that read " I am a photographer not a terrorist " when police approached him .
To top it off , when an ITN London Tonight crew arrived in the area to cover the story they reportedly found themselves subject to similar treatment .
When I arrived at the Gherkin at 11 am yesterday I was stopped by a security guard as I walked around the side of the building .
When he told me I had strayed on to private land , I returned to the pavement , but declined his repeated requests to show him the images on my camera .
Back on the pavement , a second security guard informed me that under " anti-terrorism " I was permitted to photograph or film the top end of the building , but the lower half , which included the reception area , fire exits and security cameras , was off - bounds .
Seconds later the City of London plainclothes police officer appeared on my left .
Clearly he was not keen on my filming him , but he did not suggest there was any law that could stop that .
I said that while I did not want to be difficult I was aware that I did not have to disclose my identity or tell him what I was doing .
After a brief dispute over his ID , the officer asked what I was filming and I replied that – while I did not want to be difficult – I did not have to tell him who I was or what I was doing .
I felt adolescent saying it , but I told him that was my " right " .
Looking a bit bewildered , the officer called Special Branch on his mobile phone .
They sent two other City of London police to come and search me under section 44 and , while we were waiting for them , the plainclothes officers indicated that I was not the only person to be questioned in this way .
" People are very sensitive , " he said .
" People will take tourist photographs but other people have a conduct , or manner , which raises the [ security ] guys ' suspicions . "
I had some sympathy for the PC , who it turned out had been at the Gherkin by coincidence .
He seemed to have been as much a victim of overzealous security guards as me .
He was , he said , only doing his job .
But while both of us were at their whim , I pointed out that it was he , not security , who had notified Special Branch .
When we spoke on the phone the next day the officer stressed that he was just doing his duty .
The two uniformed City of London police officers who arrived shortly after seemed determined , from the outset , to look at the images on my camera .
Their insistence seemed to be stretching their powers to the limit .
Section 44 does not specify that officers have the power to look at images , although it does empower them to search anything " carried " by the person they have stopped .
Police have interpreted the law to mean that they can view images to establish whether they are " of a kind which could be used in connection with terrorism " .
To futher complicate the matter , police require a court order to view images captured by a journalist ( in fairness , in my case it was not until the end that they knew I worked for the Guardian ) .
Anna Mazzola , a civil liberties lawyer who advises the National Union of Journalists and whom I consulted , told me that in general if police can view anyone 's images , they can only do so in " very limited circumstances " .
This hardly seemed an exceptional circumstance , and I thought there were no obvious grounds to suspect there could be terrorist material on my camera .
They were good enough to call Special Branch – twice – to check the rules .
By the time they looked at my images , threatening me with arrest for obstruction if I did n't show them , the officers had stopped a second photographer .
My colleague , Martin Godwin , had been spotted across the road , where he was using a long lens to take pictures of me .
They also stopped him under section 44 and looked at his pictures .
City of London police have since defended the officers ' actions in a statement : " Public safety is our first priority .
We responded to legitimate concern from our community about the behaviour of an individual close to an iconic building and acted accordingly .
According to legislation , digital images may be viewed as part of a search under section 44 of the Terrorism Act 2000 provided viewing is to determine whether the images are of a kind which could be used in conjunction with terrorism .
" In this case , the individual refused to explain what he was doing , so officers had to carry out further investigation on the street . "
BEIJING 
In an unequivocal rebuke to those pursuing political reforms , a Chinese court on Friday sentenced one of the country ’s best - known dissidents to 11 years in prison for subversion .
Liu Xiaobo , 53 , a former literature professor and a dogged critic of China ’s single - party political system , was detained in December 2008 after he helped draft a petition known as Charter 08 that demanded the right to free speech , open elections and the rule of law .
The 11 - page verdict , largely a restatement of his indictment , was read out Friday morning at the Beijing No. 1 Intermediate People ’s Court , said Mr. Liu ’s lawyer , Shang Baojun .
In addition to his prison term , Mr. Liu will be deprived of his political rights for an additional two years , a penalty that will prevent him from writing or speaking out on a wide range of issues .
“ We are just extremely disappointed , ” said Mr. Shang , who added that Mr. Liu intended to appeal the verdict .
The Future
December 16 , 2009
[ efoods ]
Are they kidding ?
Time magazine has named Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke as its Person of the Year .
The magazine credits Bernanke with guiding the U.S. through the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression .
This comes at a time when criticism of the Federal Reserve has reached a boiling point .
Many financial analysts are actually blaming the Federal Reserve and the international bankers behind it for creating the colossal financial mess that the world is in .
To many , this move by Time Magazine is a blatantly transparent attempt by the financial establishment to prop up one of their most valued frontmen .
Of course most of us know by now that some of the same financial interests that are behind the Federal Reserve are also behind Time Magazine .
Can anyone say “ conflict of interest ” ?
But Time Magazine appears not to fear any kind of criticism .
Instead they speak of Bernanke as if he was something beyond a hero .
In fact , the Time article casts Bernanke as some sort of courageous solider battling the demons of financial disaster ….
“ He led an effort to save the world economy . ”
The Time Magazine article goes on to bemoan the fact that the American public does not “ appreciate ” Bernanke .
They portray him as some misunderstood hero who has sacrificed so much to save us all … .
Read entire article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Did you ever read fairy tales when you were a kid and think to yourself , “ Man , how awesome would this be if Snow White pulled an Uzi and started laying waste to people ? ”
No ?
Well we did , and apparently so did Frank Beddor , the author of ‘ The Looking Glass Wars ” and the two sequels ‘ Seeing Redd ’ and ‘ Arch Enemy ’ , which was just released this year .
The first book in the series took Beddor five years to write and then was rejected by pretty much every publisher .
We have to imagine that it was hard for him to sell the publishers on the fact that the books were going to be a re-imagining of Alice In Wonderland .
In Beddor ’s story though the Mad Hatter is a bad ass bodyguard and the Chesire cat is now an assassin hunting down Alyss because of a war which breaks out in Wonderland and not a cute war either .
Apparently book publishers do n’t know a good thing when it kicks them in the ass but eventually he got the book published and it became a smash hit .
The first two books spent a combined 31 weeks on the New York Times best seller list and were a welcome change from whatever boring pile of crap Oprah was shilling on her show .
The series was so popular it also spawned a graphic novel ‘ Hatter M ’ which followed Hatter as he searched London for Alyss .
If you have n’t gotten around to checking out the books do n’t worry , a film based in the books is on the works , and we know you ’re functionally illiterate anyways .
Beddor will be producing it with Charles Roven who brought us some movie called ‘ The Dark Knight ’ which we understand was pretty popular .
But apparently writing hit books , producing movies and dating hot chicks ( we hear ) are n’t keeping Beddor busy enough , because he ’s also developed a card game based on the books kind of like the Magic games but with 50 % less nerdiness .
The card game also has an online component which now has over 250,000 players in 53 countries .
The site has had 51 million hits so far which makes it more popular than some porn sites , so you know you are talking about some serious fans .
If Beddor ’s plan is for ‘ The Looking Glass Wars ’ to become a world power then he is well on his way .
We for one are looking forward to serving our Looking Glass Wars overlords , while wearing Hatter M pajamas and eating Alyss brand cereal .
BONUS – We ’re giving away fee shit !
In order to help promote the new books , we have a copy of both LGW : ArchEnemy and Hatter M : Vol. 2 for one lucky Gunaxin reader .
They look like this :
To be eligible to win , you must complete just two easy steps :
Join ( or already be a fan of ) our Facebook Page
Comment on this article on our Facebook Page , letting everyone know you are entering to win .
Below is some of the art from the books , and be sure to check out our Six Question interview with Frank Beddor :
The 25 best new characters of the decade
Pac -Man and Mario owned the 1980s .
Sonic , Lara and Snake took over for the 1990s .
Their games are considered classics .
Their names are timeless and iconic .
Their images are burned into the memory of every gamer , even those who were born after the characters themselves .
Now we have another ten years worth of heroes , villains , sidekicks and love interests to occupy our imagination .
Which , however , will remain there ?
Who will we still remember , love and endlessly discuss at the start of the next decade ?
And the decade after that ?
These are our 25 favorite characters of the 2000s , listed alphabetically .
Agree , disagree and pick your own in the comments section below .
Alyx Vance ( Half - Life 2 )
Around the beginning of the decade , the conventions of videogame narrative said that action game NPCs must be unconvincing mechanical ciphers who move like tractors and talk like a broken Speak & Spell .
Female ones should pout and constantly threaten to get their bangers out .
Screw you , conventions of videogame narrative !
said Valve .
We care not for your insidious fallacies .
Were going to make a real girl !
And , much like the nerds in Weird Science , they did .
Alyx behaves like an actual person , with all the corresponding strengths and failings .
Shes determined and headstrong , but nuanced and funny .
Shes stoic and badass when emotionally driven to be , but shes also vulnerable and unsure of herself .
In short , shes a human rather than a stereotype , and one youll genuinely grow to care for without ever being manipulated into doing so .
Arthas Menethil ( Warcraft III : Reign of Chaos )
He was once a mighty and honorable paladin , battling to save his people from the undead scourges of Azeroth .
To succeed in his quest , however , he needed more power and to yield more power , he needed a sword cursed by his enemies leader .
By the end of Warcraft III , Arthas had lost his soul to this blade , and his sense of self to possession by the villainous Lich King .
Whats riveting is that you witness this entire transformation , from good to evil , across multiple games and multiple genres .
During his real - time strategy origins , you experience Arthas bloodlust firsthand as he orders his men to slaughter a citys innocent population in order to stop the spread of the undead .
By the time you catch up with him in World of Warcraft : Wrath of the Lich King , hes gone completely Darth Vader , gathering and marshalling the same forces he once sought to destroy .
Big Daddy ( Bioshock )
How do you describe a world as unique , complex and brilliantly bizarre as Rapture ?
Easy just point at Big Daddy .
This already iconic creature is a perfect symbol , and summary , of the BioShock paradox .
Its scary and yet sad .
Its overwhelmingly alien and yet disturbingly human .
Its brutally vicious to strangers while lovingly gentle to Little Sisters .
Its outer appearance is clunky and retro , but its inner genetics are the stuff of futuristic sci- fi nightmares .
Big Daddies also expose the hypocrisy of Andrew Ryans utopia .
If these people moved underwater to escape the so - called slaveries of government , church and military , how can they then justify lobotomizing their fellow citizens , imprisoning them in monstrous diving suits and condemning them to pace the ocean floor for all eternity ?
This study of morality is what made BioShock a masterpiece , and this mystery is what makes the Big Daddy such a fascinating character .
We cant wait to learn more , and get behind the helmet , in 2010s sequel .
The Boss ( Metal Gear Solid : Snake Eater )
The template for what Naked Snake / Big Boss would eventually become , The Boss is an enigma right up until Snake Eaters final moments .
A legendary guerrilla fighter during World War II , shes introduced as Naked Snakes mentor , but their bond is actually much closer to an adoptive mother / son relationship .
And thats why , when she betrays Snake and leaves him broken and bleeding , it nearly destroys him .
But its all part of her final lesson to to her pupil : for soldiers , loyalty is an illusion .
Friends one day will be enemies the next , and the only thing a true soldier can depend on is the mission at hand .
In every subsequent meeting , she attacks Snake , but never really seems to be trying to kill him .
And every time they meet , you can always catch a little glimmer of something like sadness or tenderness through her cold , monotone exterior .
The more we learn about her , the more tragic and effed - up The Boss becomes .
And after Snake kills her in the games final , sad duel , he learns that shed been a double agent the entire time , resigned to go down in history as a traitor so as not to spark a nuclear war .
Killing her was like killing a Colossus hard - won , but ultimately a hollow victory that haunted us for years .
Carl " CJ " Johnson ( GTA : San Andreas )
Rockstar protagonists have become so fun and so memorable over the past decade , its hard to believe that Grand Theft Auto III starred a generic mute .
Vice Citys
Tommy was deliciously vengeful , but for us , the first breakout star of the series was a smart and resourceful kid trying to protect his family and escape the gangster path that drugs , poverty and corrupt police had forced him down .
If you werent rooting for CJ within the first five minutes of San Andreas , you simply werent paying attention .
And yeah , his race was important , too .
Even today , games pigeonhole African - American characters into the most obvious stereotypes and painful cliches .
CJ certainly wasnt the perfect antidote to that trend he is a murderous criminal , rap producer and womanizer , after all but he was a big step in the right direction , with intelligent dialogue , noble intentions and more common sense than anyone else in the story .
He also signaled the start of Rockstars diversification workshop .
Since CJ , weve played an Eastern European immigrant , a Jewish biker , a Chinese visitor and two Dominicans , one of whom is the business partner and bodyguard to a gay nightclub owner .
Now if only the rest of the industry were so brave
Clank ( Ratchet & Clank series )
Sidekicks are supposed to be comic relief .
Theyre meant to break the tension with a hilarious catchphrase or stumble , slapstick - style , into obvious danger so that the real hero can rescue them again .
Sidekicks can be crazier , funnier or cuter than protagonists , but they should never , ever upstage them .
Clank must not have gotten that memo , because we cant think of anyone who prefers the self - centered and smart - alecky Ratchet to the quiet , collected and effortlessly charming robot with cool powers and cooler personality .
Most admirably , he doesnt try to steal the show from his lesser half which means , of course , that he automatically does .
But the best thing about Clank ?
The games developers understand our preference for the sidekick , and give us as many surprising opportunities to play him as possible .
Dante ( Devil May Cry series )
The first real action hero of the PS2 era , Dante had the rare honor of changing action games as we understood them forever .
His first outing seamlessly blended beautiful visuals with tight platforming and fast , balletic action , making Devil May Cry the first game to deliver the experience that Hong Kong movies had teased us with for so long .
Even as DMC transformed notions about what games could be , though , Dante himself made a deep impression on gamers psyches .
He was unforgettable in his red leather trenchcoat and long white mane , and packed dual pistols and a big sword .
He was smart - mouthed , unflappable and able to deal easily with anything and everything thrown his way , even when those things included very large blades that ran straight through his torso .
The son of a heroic demon father and a human woman , Dante was a brutal mercenary anti-hero before that kind of thing was a trend , but he wasnt a stoic hardass , either ; he was playful , cocky and loved to tease his super - serious enemies before cutting them to ribbons .
He set the template for all subsequent smartass action heroes , and while his relevance seems diminished after a string of sequels that never really recaptured the first games spirit , his first explosive outing changed the course of videogame history for the better .
Francis ( Left 4 Dead )
Armed with a shotgun and a sharp leather vest , Francis is ready to blast his way through the zombie apocalypse .
But that doesnt mean the badass biker is happy about it .
He hates planes .
He hates elevators .
He hates the woods .
And you know what ?
He probably hates you , too .
Thats exactly why we cant help loving the grouchiest survivor in the Left 4 Dead universe .
Even after staving off hordes of flesh - eating infected , hes got enough vitriol leftover to hate on the philosopher and novelist , Ayn Rand .
Francis is also hilarious , with occasionally dimwitted one - liners that make Left 4 Dead as funny as it is frightening .
Hearing him say with grim determination that the goddamn vampires wont beat him cuts through games tension like a knife .
No wonder Francis is almost always the first character that players choose when entering a game lobby .
GLaDOS ( Portal 1 & 2 )
The cake is a lie .
Weighted Companion Cube . Still Alive .
Portal is a lean , mean meme machine , and crucial to this astounding cleverness is GLaDOS , the murderous artificial intelligence that runs Aperture Labs test facility .
Much of Portals joy comes from watching her programmed personality unravel as she repeatedly attempts to kill you and repeatedly fails .
As she slowly but surely degenerates into a mess of mixed messages and cross purposes and as you methodically incinerate the components of her electronic brain you cant help but experience pity .
The ending song indicates that GLaDOS continues to exist in some form or another , so we hold out hope that one day soon well be treated to more of her manipulative shenanigans .
And maybe well finally get a piece of that cake .
We hear its delicious and moist .
Hemant Mehta , " The Friendly Atheist " , is also a math teacher .
This is what he found on one of the tests he was grading this week .
The ol' Elephant Excuse .
Pretty crafty .
So how does a responsible educator of young minds respond to such a stunt ?
The answer is after the jump …
If you 're going to throw a Hail Mary Pachyderm on your final exam , you damn well best get your artwork correct .
I have always been a bit amazed at the meat industry and the USDA .
In the nearly 17 years of litigating E. coli O157:H7 cases – mostly on behalf of children – I am tired ( and a bit disgusted ) by the constant din of blaming the consumer .
Sometimes the industry goes so far as to sue the parent of an injured child .
One company went so far a few years ago as to sue the church that it had supplied with E. coli-tainted meat .
So , several years ago I penned this Op-ed :
" It is not the failure of the Meat Industry in not keeping cattle feces out of hamburger that sickened the child , but it is the fault of the parent who handled and cooked the hamburger that was fed to the child . "
This is a typical response to a sickened child by the meat industry and their lawyers .
At first I calmly tried to respond that the Meat Industry that makes a profit off of selling " USDA Inspected Meat " can not blame the consumer if the product actually contains a pathogen that can severely sicken or kill a child .
What other product in the United States would a manufacturer expect consumers to fix themselves before they used it ?
The reply to my calm response was " the consumer should know that meat may contain bacteria and they are told to cook it . "
My calmness has now faded .
Think about the little labels on meat that you buy in the store – the ones that tell you to cook the meat to 160 degrees – of course they also say USDA inspected too .
However , the labels do not say " THE USDA INSPECTION MEANS NOTHING .
THIS PRODUCT MAY CONTAIN A PATHOGENIC BACTERIA THAT CAN SEVERELY SICKEN OR KILL YOU AND / OR YOUR CHILD .
HANDLE THIS PRODUCT WITH EXTREME CARE . "
I wonder why the Meat Industry does not want a label like that on your pound of hamburger .
It knows that the label is truthful .
Do you think it might be concerned that Moms and Dads would stop buying it ?
The day the industry puts a similar label on hamburger is the day that I will go work for them .
The reality is that the Meat Industry cannot assure the public that the meat we buy is not contaminated .
So , instead of finding a way to get cattle feces out of our meat , they blame parents ( and presumably all the teenagers that work at all the burger joints in America ) when children get sick .
Consumers can always do better .
However , study after study shows that , despite the CDC estimated 76 million people getting sick every year from food borne illnesses , the American public still has misconceptions and overconfidence in our Nation ’s food supply .
According to a study by the Partnership for Food Safety Education , fewer than half of the respondents knew that fresh vegetables and fruits could contain harmful bacteria , and only 25 % thought that eggs and dairy products could be contaminated .
Most consumers believe that food safety hazards can be seen or smelled .
Only 25 % of consumers surveyed knew that cooking temperatures were critical to food safety , and even fewer knew that foods should be refrigerated promptly after cooking .
Consumers do not expect that things that you cannot see in your food can kill you .
Consumers are being blamed , but most lack the knowledge or tools to properly protect themselves and their children .
The FDA has stated , " unlike other pathogens , E. coli O157:H7 has no margin for error .
It takes only a microscopic amount to cause serious illness or even death . "
Over the last few years our Government and the Meat Industry have repeatedly told the consumer to cook hamburger until there is no pink .
Yet , recent university and USDA studies show meat can turn brown before it is actually " done . "
Now the consumer is urged to use a thermometer to test the internal temperature of the meat .
However , how do you use one , and who really has one ?
Many consumers wrongly believe the Government is protecting the food supply .
How many times have we heard our Government officials spout " The US food supply is the safest in the world . ”
Remember , however , that it was the USDA that sat on positive E. coli tests for over a week that allowed this recent Con Agra E. coli outbreak to spiral out of control .
Where is the multi-million dollar ad campaign to convince us of the dangers of hamburger , like we do for tobacco ?
The USDA ’s FightBAC and Thermy education programs are limited , and there are no studies to suggest that they are effective .
Most consumers learn about food safety from TV and family members –
If your TV viewing habits and family are like mine , these are highly suspect sources of good information .
The bottom line is that you cannot leave the last bacteria " Kill Step " to a parent or to a kid in a fast food joint .
The industry that makes billions off of selling meat must step up and clean up their mess .
They can , and someday will , if I have anything to say about it .
That day will come much faster if they start working on it now , and stop blaming the victims .
So yesterday , I almost spilled my hot coffee on my lap when I read James Marsden ’s Op -ed in “ Meating Place ” – “ Why " just cook it " wo n’t cut it : ”
For almost 20 years , I have heard people from the meat industry say , “ if consumers would only cook their burgers , the E. coli problem would go away ” .
Here are 10 reasons why the “ just cook it ” approach will not work :
1. E. coli O157:H7 is a unique pathogen .
The levels of this organism necessary to cause infection are very low .
2 . The severity of the disease E. coli O157:H7 can cause , especially in children is devastating .
3 . In many cases , parents order hamburgers for their children and rely on restaurants to cook them properly .
In restaurants , parents really have no control over whether the hamburgers they order are sufficiently cooked to eliminate possible contamination from E. coli O157:H7 .
4 . If consumers unknowingly bring this pathogen into their kitchens , it is almost impossible to avoid cross contamination .
Even the smallest amount of contamination on a food that is not cooked can cause illness .
Many of the reported cases of E. coli O157:H7 have involved ground beef that was clearly cooked at times and temperatures sufficient to inactivate E. coli O157:H7 .
Some other vector , i.e. cross contamination was probably involved .
5 . Even if consumers attempt to use thermometers to measure cooking temperature , it is difficult to properly measure the internal temperature of hamburger patties .
They would have to use an accurate thermometer and place the probe exactly into the center of the patty .
In addition , the inactivation of E. coli O157:H7 is dependent on cooking time and temperature .
For example , if they cook to 155 degrees F , they should hold that temperature for 16 seconds .
It is not realistic to expect that consumers , many of which are children will scientifically measure the internal temperature of hamburgers .
6 . The way ground beef is packaged , it is virtually impossible to remove it from packages or chubs and make patties without spreading contamination if it is present .
7. Sometimes ground beef appears to be cooked when it really is n’t .
There is a phenomenon called “ premature browning ” that can make ground beef appear to be fully cooked when in fact it is undercooked .
8. E. coli O157:H7 may be present in beef products other than ground beef .
For example , in non-intact beef products , including tenderized steaks that are not always cooked to temperatures required for inactivation .
9 . There have been many cases and outbreaks of E. coli O157:H7 associated with foods that are not cooked ( i.e. fresh cut produce ) .
10 .
As Senator Patrick Leahy said after the 1993 Jack - in - the - Box outbreak – “ The death penalty is too strong a punishment for undercooking a hamburger ” .
He was right –consumers will make mistakes .
There needs to be a margin of safety so that undercooking does not result in disease or death .
For these and many other reasons , the problem of E. coli O157:H7 in ground beef and other food products must be solved .
Of course proper cooking is important .
However , telling consumers to “ just cook it ” is not the answer .
Mr. Marsden , well done .
The one and only Conor McGregor is no stranger to fashion .
While he digs expensive suits , he also loves all the gear that Reebok puts ...
Prince William has spent a night sleeping rough on the streets of London as part of his work supporting Centrepoint , a charity for the homeless .
The Prince said he could not imagine what it must be like for those who sleep rough night after night .
Ben Ando reports .
Looking at low salt in a recession
In the middle of a recession , everyone is looking for ways to cut costs .
People have cut travel , luxury , and entertainment budgets .
But what about the costs of eating too much salt ?
One recent study showed that low salt meals could actually save Americans between $ 18 and $ 32 billion dollars per year in health care costs .
The health benefits of a low salt diet
According to the study , reported in the American Journal of Health Promotion , the average American eater consumes about 3,400 milligrams of salt per day .
That ’s 1,000 more milligrams of salt than the Food and Drug Administration recommends , and about 2,000 milligrams more than many nutritionists would like .
While there is no evidence that eating too much salt leads directly to any health benefits , a low salt diet does lead to lower blood pressure .
And lower blood pressure definitely leads to lower occurrences of related problems like stroke , heart disease , kidney disease , and more .
Low salt diets save lives , reduce medical expenses
In 2005 , The Center for Science in the Public Interest released “ Salt : The Forgotten Killer , ” showing how they come to the conclusion that salt kills 150,000 people per year , thanks to those maladies listed above .
And , according to the RAND Corporation , those that do n’t die from the problems contribute around $ 18 billion to national medical expenses .
So , getting your salt consumption under control can save your life or cut costly medical bills .
One has to wonder what will happen to insurance premiums , if we can reduce the occurrence of stroke , heart disease , etc .
Three steps to low salt diet success
Check labels
Look on each label for the sodium content , and remember that adding salt from the table shaker counts .
Keep salt consumption at 2,400 milligrams , or less , daily .
Rinse thoroughly
If you eat from cans , as many of us do right now , rinse your veggies with cold water before using them , reducing their sodium content by about half .
Choose other flavors I know , I know , salt makes things taste good .
But use just a little bit , then add other cheap flavoring like pepper or garlic .
The home secretary , Alan Johnson , pledged today to examine new medical evidence in the case of the computer hacker Gary McKinnon " very carefully " before approving his extradition to the US on charges of breaking into the Pentagon 's military networks .
Johnson told MPs he had " stopped the clock " on proceedings to give McKinnon 's lawyers time to consider medical reports and make legal representations .
The home secretary was today also pressed to delay further until an investigation into the US - UK extradition treaty had been carried out by the Commons home affairs select committee .
The 43 - year - old , from Wood Green , north London , suffers from Asperger 's syndrome , a form of autism , and says his hacking was aimed at nothing more than searching for reports of UFO sightings .
His supporters fear his health would suffer in a maximum security jail in the US .
He had challenged Home Office decisions allowing his extradition to go ahead and the refusal of Keir Starmer QC , the director of public prosecutions , to put him on trial in the UK on charges of computer misuse .
He failed in his high court bid to avoid extradition in July .
Johnson said the high court had already dismissed applications for McKinnon to be tried in the UK .
He said : " We have stopped the clock ticking on the representation to the European court because new medical evidence has been provided .
" There are two issues upon which Gary McKinnon 's legal advisors have argued : the first is that the director of public prosecutions should have tried him in this country .
" The high court in July dismissed that , and would n't allow it to go to judicial review . "
" I have to ensure that his Article 3 human rights are being respected .
It 's that new medical evidence that I will be looking at very carefully " .
McKinnon 's MP , David Burrowes , said the new medical evidence was " compelling " and detailed the effect extradition would have on McKinnon 's Asperger's .
The Conservative MP for Enfield Southgate urged the home secretary not to execute the extradition order until after the select committee inquiry on 10 November .
When McKinnon was refused permission to appeal to the supreme court earlier this month , Lord Justice Stanley Burnton , who also heard his earlier high court appeal , said extradition was " a lawful and proportionate response " to his alleged offending .
He said McKinnon would be unlikely to succeed with his claim that extradition would breach his right to a private and family life , under Article 8 of the European Convention of Human Rights .
Nor did the court think that extradition to the US would be a breach of his right not to be subjected to inhuman or degrading treatment under Article 3 .
In August , Labour 's deputy leader Harriet Harman said that if McKinnon were convicted by an American court , Britain would move quickly to arrange for him to serve any jail term in the UK .
What Justice demands -- what egalitarianism demands -- is you cannot have a situation where so few have so much , where the CEOs on Wall Street are making hundreds of millions of dollars a year , often engaged in reckless , if not illegal , behavior while the average worker has lost his job because it 's gone to China -- or has seen a significant decline in wages ...
That ' invisible hand of the market , ' through deregulation of Wall Street has led those large financial institutions into a situation where they were peddling worthless securities and drove this country into the financial crisis that we 're in right now , which resulted not only in a seven - hundred billion dollar bailout but trillions of dollars of taxpayers ' money going to zero- interest loans for the Fed ...
Some of us , do not necessarily believe that Wall Street is America .
Poverty has grown .
More and more people are losing their health insurance and their pensions and if you think Bernanke is saving America , you 're a little bit confused ...
Wall Street , in my humble opinion is not America .
We 've got to stand up for the middle class and working families , not for the big money interests .
I do n’t mean to absolve the Obama administration of all responsibility .
Clearly , the administration proposed a stimulus package that was too small to begin with and was whittled down further by “ centrists ” in the Senate .
And the measures President Obama proposed earlier this week , while they would create a significant number of additional jobs , fall far short of what the economy needs .
But while economic analysis says that we should have a large second stimulus , the political reality is that the president -- faced with total obstruction from Republicans , while receiving only lukewarm support from some in his own party -- probably ca n’t get enough votes in Congress to do more than tinker at the edges of the employment problem .
The Fed , however , can do more .
Mr. Bernanke has received a great deal of credit , and rightly so , for his use of unorthodox strategies to contain the damage after Lehman Brothers failed .
But both the Fed ’s actions , as measured by its expansion of credit , and Mr. Bernanke ’s words suggest that the urgency of late 2008 and early 2009 has given way to a curious mix of complacency and fatalism -- a sense that the Fed has done enough now that the financial system has stepped back from the brink , even though its own forecasts predict that unemployment will remain punishingly high for at least the next three years .
The most specific , persuasive case I ’ve seen for more Fed action comes from Joseph Gagnon , a former Fed staffer now at the Peterson Institute for International Economics .
Basing his analysis on the prior work of none other than Mr. Bernanke himself , in his previous incarnation as an economic researcher , Mr. Gagnon urges the Fed to expand credit by buying a further $ 2 trillion in assets .
Such a program could do a lot to promote faster growth , while having hardly any downside .
So why is n’t the Fed doing it ?
Part of the answer may be political : Ideological opponents of government activism tend to be as critical of the Fed ’s credit expansion as they are of the Obama administration ’s fiscal stimulus .
And this has probably made the Fed reluctant to use its powers to their fullest extent .
Meanwhile , a significant number of Fed officials , especially at the regional banks , are obsessed with the fear of 1970s - style inflation , which they see lurking just around the bend even though there ’s not a hint of it in the actual data .
But there ’s also , I believe , a question of priorities .
The Fed sprang into action when faced with the prospect of wrecked banks ; it does n’t seem equally concerned about the prospect of wrecked lives .
And that is what we ’re talking about here .
The kind of sustained high unemployment envisaged in the Fed ’s own forecasts is a recipe for immense human suffering -- millions of families losing their savings and their homes , millions of young Americans never getting their working lives properly started because there are no jobs available when they graduate .
If we do n’t get unemployment down soon , we ’ll be paying the price for a generation .
So it ’s time for the Fed to lose that complacency , shrug off that fatalism and start lending a hand to job creation .
The bubble .
Bernanke was Fed Chairman as the bubble grew toward its most inflated point .
He was in charge long enough to have taken action .
It may not have made sense to raise interest rates , thereby slowing down the entire economy , in order to fight the asset bubbles – you find good economists on both sides of this issue .
However , there were regulatory actions that could have been taken and a lot more use of the Fed ’s ability to warn against dangers to the economy .
Internally , contingency plans could have been developed that would have allowed quicker and more coherent action once the bubble burst .
Bank supervision .
The Fed supervises the parent companies of all the major banks , as well as supervising many of the smaller banks directly .
None of our nation ’s regulatory bodies , including the Fed , covered themselves with glory regulating the banks during the bubble and in the early days of the crisis .
It is probably unnecessary to cite the litany of mistakes made by the financial sector .
Many of these mistakes were made at institutions at least partially regulated by the Fed .
The Fed often did not recognize the problems and many times did not act as effectively or urgently as it should have even when it was aware of the troubles .
Consumer protection .
Part of the Fed ’s responsibility as a bank regulator was to protect consumers against products that were mismarketed or unreasonably risky .
The Fed had authority to take action against some of the worst products and lenders associated with subprime mortgages , but did not do so in a timely manner .
The financial bailouts , particularly AIG .
Much of the anger against the Fed relates to its central role in rescuing the financial system .
The Fed provided financial support for the rescues of Bear Stearns and AIG , as well as providing guarantees for Bank of America and Citigroup .
There are two levels to the accusations against the Fed .
Those who feel that the rescues saved the bankers and other elites at the expense of the ordinary taxpayer are angry with the Fed for being an integral part of this .
I personally do not fault the Fed for this , as I believe that we did indeed need to take strong action to aid the financial sector in order to avoid a far worse recession .
At a more detailed level , mistakes were definitely made in the process of dealing with AIG and some of the other rescues and there are still other actions that appear reasonable to me but are viewed by others as mistaken .
Turf warfare .
It has been sad to see the extent to which each of the country ’s financial regulators has fought to preserve their power bases as the administration and Congress look to craft a sensible reform of our regulatory structure .
The Fed under Bernanke appears to be guilty of this along with the others .
It is possible that he and his colleagues have made their arguments solely out of a sincere desire for the public good , unsullied even by unconscious self - protection , but the nearly perfect alignment between their positions and the self - interest of the organization leads me not to believe this .
If my fear is true , it is a less grievous sin than the other arguments against reconfirmation , but it ought to have some weight .
We are in the equivalent of wartime and it is incumbent on those in positions of power to stay focused on the national interest .
Bernie Sanders went to the same high school as Ken and I ( Horndog High ) .
Maybe there was something in the drinking fountains but he sure seems to be on the same page we 're on a lot more than any other member of the Senate --- two other senators who went there , ex-Senator Norm Coleman and New York 's senior senator , Chuck Schumer , each of whom was known to have always brought bottled seltzer water to school and never drink from a fountain .
At the bottom of this post is a successful attempt by Sanders to educate Stephen Colbert 's audience about why Ben Bernanke does n't deserve to be re-confirmed as Fed chairman , based solely on what a terrible job he 's done so far .
He must get mighty lonely in the House of Lords !
The Finance / Insurance / Real Estate lobby has rewarded John McCain 's unstinting service on their behalf with over $ 33 million dollars in direct " donations " over the year .
Other shameless Wall Street shills , from Joe Lieberman ( $ 10,052,824 ) , Arlen Specter ( $ 6,360,585 ) , Miss McConnell ( $ 5,178,003 ) and Lamar Alexander ( $ 4,895,125 ) to Max Baucus ( $ 4,757,318 ) , Kay Bailey Hutchison ( $ 4,686,688 ) , John Cornyn ( $ 4,470,392 ) and Evan Bayh ( $ 4,351,250 ) have been on the Wall Street gravy train for their entire political careers .
This year alone Wall Street is throwing life lines to endangered lackeys who are in trouble with the voters back home for ignoring their interests to placate the banksters , like the aforementioned Specter ( $ 552,175 ) and Bayh ( $ 365,520 ) , and four of the Senate 's worst - ever K - Street whores , always for sale Blanche Lincoln ( $ 515,000 ) , Johnny Isakson ( $ 338,300 ) , David " Diapers " Vitter ( $ 302,841 ) and Richard Burr ( $ 281,397 ) .
Bernie Sanders , on the other hand , has raised $ 7,800 from these interests , not from CEOs and PACs and lobbyists but from tellers and clerks pooling small donations .
Over the course of his entire career , Sanders has taken in less money from this toxic sector than any other current members of the Senate with the exceptions of Herb Kohl , a millionaire who , like him , does not accept dirty money , and Roland Burris an appointed caretaker senator who has n't raised contributions .
All 97 other members of the Senate have taken in far more bankster bucks than Sanders .
Which is why we hear that kind of refreshing talk from him instead of , say , John McCain or Miss McConnell , who have never -- not once in either man 's long , turgid career -- stood up for the interests of working families over the interests of Wall Street predators .
Even Bernanke admits the Fed was asleep at the wheel and that that contributed to the market 's collapse .
Thursday Paul Krugman gave him a report card and this morning the jumped into the game .
Krugman sees him as an impediment to bringing down unemployment -- and at a time when the Fed should be working on creating policies that result in at least 300,000 new jobs per month over the next 5 years .
Is Bernanke the right man for the job ?
Watch Sanders ' reaction on the clip when Colbert intimates as much .
On both sides of the aisle , senators are opposing Bernanke -- from Sanders all the way across the spectrum to the fringe right inhabited by extremists like Jim DeMint and Jim Bunning ( who pointed out that the Fed chairman ins " the definition of a moral hazard . " )
I have little doubt that the Establishment -- a bipartisan one -- will rally round the flag for one of their own this week .
Although he ultimately spews out that claptrap that Bernanke saved the world and should be re-confirmed , economist Douglas Elliott of Brookings , outlines a powerful case forgiving him a second term : Back to Bernie :
Labels : Ben Bernanke , Bernie Sanders , Colbert , Federal Reserve , Paul Krugman , unemployment
The Green Party ’s former mayor of Galway Niall Ó Brolcháin was today elected to fill the Seanad vacancy caused by the election of Labour ’s Alan Kelly to the European Parliament in June .
Mr Ó Brolcháin saw off challenges from Fine Gael ’s Owen Bannigan and the Labour Party ’s James Heffernan , taking 119 first preference votes , from a total valid poll of 205 .
Mr Ó Brolcháin said he was honoured to have been elected to the Seanad and pledged to repay those that endorsed his candidacy with " hard work and commitment " .
“ I believe that I will bring a fresh perspective into Seanad Éireann and make valuable contributions to its work , ” he said .
Green Party Leader John Gormley welcomed Mr Ó Brolcháin 's victory , saying : " With his business and agricultural experience and commitment to community activism , Niall will make a very good addition to Seanad Éireann and I wish him every success in the years ahead of us . ”
Meanwhile former Fianna Fáil senator Pascal Mooney and a son of former minister Michael Smith are among the candidates in the Seanad byelection caused by the death of senator Peter Callanan .
Nominations closed last week for the contest on January 19th to replace the late Fianna Fáil senator from Innishannon , Co Cork , who died in October .
TDs and senators are entitled to vote for the eight candidates who have been nominated for the vacancy on the Seanad ’s agricultural panel .
Critics also allege that Facebook is an avenue for the promotion of homosexual relations in Saudi Arabia .
More than 6,500 people have signed the online petition in a bid to stop the conservative Muslim kingdom following Syria in banning access to the network from local internet servers .
On Tuesday , we brought you the story of Republican Rod Jetton 's arrest for beating his mistress unconscious during sex .
On Wednesday , TPM unearthed an op-ed Jetton wrote a couple of years ago and surprise , surprise - he refers to gay sex " deviate sexual intercourse : "
Rod Jetton , the former Missouri House Speaker , fired a state lawmaker from his committee chairmanship in 2007 because the lawmaker had changed a bill in order to end a state ban on gay sex -- or what Jetton called " deviate sexual intercourse . "
In a 2007 op - ed he wrote for the Southeast Missourian newspaper , Jetton explained why he had recently removed Rep. Scott Lipke , a fellow Republican , as chair of the Committee on Crime Prevention and Public Safety .
Lipke , he wrote , had sponsored and handled a bill to protect children from sexual predators , which Jetton supported .
But , wrote Jetton :
Lipke chose to use the bill to delete 14 words from our laws in order to repeal the gay sex ban in Missouri .
Thanks to that deletion , it is now legal to engage in deviate sexual intercourse with someone of the same sex here in Missouri .
This law had been on our books for decades .
Read one ...
These people are unbelievable .
So in Rod 's mind , he can push a woman beyond her boundaries by beating the crap out of her during sex , and that 's perfectly acceptable -- but if two men wish to make love ... now THAT is deviate behavior .
It is becoming clear why this guy was a rising star in the Republican Party .
I am a bit of a cynic , and my cynic - sense definitely lit up when I read this :
http://monty-says.blogspot.com/2009/12/help-saving-mysql.html
He wants to have his cake and eat it too .
Or as they say in Italian , he wants to have his wife drunk and the barrel full ( really ! ) .
He sold Mysql to Sun for a great deal of money – around one billion dollars .
Even if his share is only 1 % ( which I doubt ) , that is still 10 million dollars , which is enough for anyone normal to live the rest of their life without ever having to work again .
If he walked away with 10 % of the deal , that ’s 100 million dollars .
Monty writes :
I have spent the last 27 years creating and working on MySQL and I hope , together with my team of MySQL core developers , to work on it for many more years .
Since it ’s under the GPL , he can do that himself for as long as he wants – he does n’t have to worry about making a living , after all .
If he took away something closer to the 100 million number , he can also fund several of his friends to work on it for years and years , without worrying much about income .
They could always do consulting if they wanted to make a few bucks , in any case .
Now , what he ’s worried about is that Oracle will no longer put money into Mysql .
I agree that that ’s a real risk .
However , I also think that since it ’s Oracle ’s money that is being spent , they have the right to do as they see fit , within certain limits , and this case is well within those limits .
My view is that there are plenty of cases when governments should intervene .
For instance , if Mysql were the only competitor to Oracle in the database market , it might be quite unhealthy to let them buy it .
But that ’s not the case – not at all .
There are numerous competitors , both closed and open .
So the risk to ‘ the public ’ is relative : people bought into a product that may now stagnate , but if they really want , they have plenty of other places they can jump without too much pain ( SQL is a standard , after all ) .
It ’s like if FreeBSD disappeared tomorrow : you could switch to OpenBSD or Linux or something else .
Perhaps not painlessly , but it would n’t be the end of the world , either ( let ’s hope FreeBSD has a long and happy future ahead of it , though ) .
We ’re back to wanting to both have and eat the cake : Monty seems to want the EC to force Oracle to divest itself of Mysql or impose various restrictions on its development .
If he had imposed those conditions on Sun when that sale was made , they might not have done the deal , or placed a smaller value on it .
He did n’t , but now he is back and trying to impose them on a deal in which he is not a participant ( although I suppose he may have some Sun shares ) .
That does n’t strike me as being entirely fair : if he really wanted to ensure the future of Mysql , he would not have sold the company .
In terms of open source , keep in mind that Mysql was not released under the GPL until 2001 :
http://www.mysql.com/news-and-events/generate-article.php?id=23
For many years it was under a “ sort of open ” license that was not proper open source .
Then there ’s the Richard Stallman angle : that somehow , Mysql “ deserves ” to have developers funded to work on it .
I do n’t buy that , either .
Mysql is a nice project , but I do n’t think that there ’s any moral imperative that the government should step in and fund some open source projects .
Should the EC step in and say that Oracle should also fund Postgres development while they ’re at it ?
There are plenty of deserving projects that could use some cash to fund their development .
For instance , my friend Salvatore is looking for donations for Redis development .
It ’s not as big or “ important ” a project as Mysql , but it ’s good code and already being taken up by various companies .
For that matter , I ’d like to keep working on Hecl full time .
In short : I hope that the EC approves the sale “ as -is ” .
I also hope that Oracle continues to take good care of Mysql , but if they do n’t , that is ultimately their decision as long as there remain plenty of competitors in the market .
I think that our time as “ the open source community ” is better spent fighting for more important things : against bad software patents , for open standards in governments , and that sort of thing , that will benefit everyone , rather than trying to wrest control of Monty ’s code back from Oracle after he ’s already been paid handsomely for it .
The big studios were an ideal way to make films - because they were a home base for people .
When you were under contract , you had no chance to relax .
Trivia :
Some sources state that he was considered to play James Bond in James Bond 007 jagt Dr. No ( 1962 ) .
However , it was in fact Stewart Granger , whose real name was James Stewart , who was considered , but was ultimately rejected as being too old .
Ares I -X : Countdown 101
Countdown starts .
Ares I - X power - up preps begin .
Weather balloon released from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station , the first in a series to be released throughout the countdown to evaluate atmospheric conditions such as pressure , humidity , temperature and winds .
Ares I - X power - up begins , a process that takes about an hour .
Launch Test Director Jeff Spaulding receives a weather briefing from Launch Weather Officer Kathy Winters .
First stage igniter and joint heaters are activated .
The vehicle 's onboard guidance system , the fault tolerant inertial navigation unit ( FTINU ) , begins a system alignment .
This takes about an hour .
Terminate purge of upper stage simulator and first stage avionics module .
Environmental control systems that have been proving cool airflow to these areas will be removed , and closeout panels will be installed .
Fault tolerant inertial navigation unit completes alignment and begins navigation testing .
Weather balloon release
Prime launch team / Launch Authority Team are on station in Kennedy Space Center 's Launch Control Center ; the launch support team is on station in Cape Canaveral Air Force Station 's Hangar AE .
Ground control system ( GCS ) begins monitoring for commands from the Launch Control Center .
The rocket 's flight termination system , located in the first stage 's simulated fifth segment , undergoes hold - fire checks .
These checks verify the Eastern Range safety personnel are able to stop the countdown if necessary .
Eastern Range open - loop test .
Weather balloon release
Upper stage access arm retraction begins .
Live coverage begins on NASA TV and nasa.gov .
Upper stage access arm ready for vehicle stabilization system disconnect .
Rotating service structure is rotated to " park . "
Launch pad swing arms are unlatched and rotated , signaling the start of work to disconnect the launch pad 's vehicle stabilization system .
The rocket 's C - band beacon transponder is powered up and tested with the range .
Safety personnel begin the process of securing the launch pad .
Weather balloon release
Vehicle stabilization system is disconnected and secured for launch .
Ground command , control and communication initiates launch commit criteria monitoring .
Known as GC3 , the system is located inside the mobile launcher platform and is linked with computers in the firing room .
Launch Test Director weather brief .
Technician pulls a lanyard to remove the cover providing weather protection to the five - hole probe ( 5HP ) development flight instrumentation .
The fault tolerant inertial navigation unit begins its final alignment after the VSS is retracted .
Ares I - X flight termination system is activated and set to " safe . "
Launch Test Director weather brief .
Final status check with solid rocket booster retrieval ships .
Assemble and brief post - launch inspection teams .
The terminal countdown flight termination system begins its closed loop test .
Weather balloon release
Final activation of the development flight instrumentation and Tel - 4 station .
Onboard recorders are activated .
A single recorder will collect data from operational flight instrumentation ( OFI ) and development flight instrumentation ( DFI ) located on the ground and vehicle .
Countdown clock pauses for a 20 - minute built - in hold , the only planned hold in the Ares I - X countdown .
Launch weather verification
Start launch camera recording , followed by data recording .
Option 910 , the computer governing the launch sequence , is configured for launch .
Launch Vehicle Test Conductor polls his team and reports ready to resume count .
Launch Authority
Team is polled for launch .
First stage igniter heater power removed .
Launch Test Director Jeff Spaulding conducts final launch status verification .
Countdown resumes at T - 4 minutes .
Ares I - X flight termination system and solid rocket motors are armed .
( T - 3 minutes , 30 seconds )
Fans cooling the first stage avionics module and upper stage simulator are turned off .
Ares I - X transfers to internal power .
( T - 1 minute , 59 seconds )
Onboard operational and developmental flight instrumentation recorders are started .
( T - 1 minute , 54 seconds )
The rocket 's flight control system is enabled for launch .
( T - 1 minute , 40 seconds )
Flight control system switches to internal power and receives the start count from the GCS .
( T - 1 minute , 20 seconds )
Solid rocket motor joint heaters are deactivated .
( T - 50 seconds )
Flight control system switches to navigation mode , and inertial and navigation data are verified for accuracy .
( T - 35 seconds )
Auxiliary power units are started .
( T - 28 seconds )
Solid rocket motor thrust vector control gimbal test is performed .
( T - 21 seconds )
Ignition and hold - down bolts are armed .
( T - 18 seconds )
Ground control system issues commands for sound suppression , opening the valves to flood the mobile launcher platform with water .
At its peak , water will flow at a rate of 900,000 gallons per minute .
( T - 16 minutes )
Launch inhibits are removed and vehicle is armed .
( T - 10 seconds )
Liftoff !
Ares I - X begins a 20 - second " fly - away " steering maneuver designed to take the rocket away from the launch tower to minimize damage to the launch pad .
NASA 's John F. Kennedy Space Center
The Ares I - X flight test will allow NASA to test the Ares I rocket 's flight characteristics , hardware , facilities and ground operations .
The sub-orbital mission also will verify modeling methods for future designs .
You can share in the excitement of the live countdown via NASA TV or the Web .
Coverage begins three hours prior to liftoff , and you can use the countdown events below to track the prelaunch milestones and learn about the Ares I - X countdown process .
December 10 , 2009 - Robin Walker
So : how is the War update different from our other class updates ?
In many ways , it 's not .
Like any other class update , the War update will reveal three new weapons each for the Demoman and Soldier throughout the week , as well as some maps , achievements , and surprises , right up until the day of release , when everything we 've been teasing goes live .
Where the War update differs from other class updates is that we 've decided to mix things up a little with , as the Administrator would say , " a healthy competition . "
A secret , exclusive seventh weapon has also been developed by the TF2 team .
In other words , either the Soldier or the Demo ( but NOT both ) is walking out of this update with one more weapon than the other .
If you want your class to have it , you 're going to have to fight for it .
The more Demomen you kill as the Soldier class will help ensure the Soldier gets the weapon at the end of the week .
The more Soldiers you kill as the Demo will help the Demo class get the exclusive seventh weapon .
Check back daily to see how your class is doing at the War hubpage — this is also where you 'll see links to all the leaked previews of the weapons , maps , and surprises releasing soon with this update .
What if some of you try to cheat to bump the numbers ?
We 'll know .
( Though we also know many of you wo n't be able to resist trying anyway . )
Alright , enough talk .
Who'd you rather see get this exclusive new weapon ?
The Demoman ?
Or the Soldier ?
The War starts right now , so get out there and vote with your kills !
- video encodings still in process -
Guy with hooks in his back ( Skin , some kind of pierce ) hangs in elastic ropes , and while kind off ' Bungy Jumping ' with his hooks he gets trown to ground by mother gravity .
@ Tattoo Expo
Leaked climate e-mails make waves in Congress
A row over leaked emails from a British scientist hinting at a global warming cover - up has reached the US Congress , where climate change skeptics are seeking to thwart key legislation .
British Professor Phil Jones has stood aside as director of the Climatic Research Unit at the University of East Anglia , after his emails calling into question the scientific basis for climate change fears were leaked .
ADVERTISEMENT
Hackers had penetrated the center ’s network and posted online thousands of emails from researchers , including Jones , ahead of a landmark Copenhagen summit which opens next week .
The leader of a US group of so - called “ climatology skeptics ” , Republican Representative James Sensenbrenner , said “ if the emails are genuine it is very disturbing because they call into question the whole science of climate change . ”
He told the House committee on energy independence and global warming that data from the East Anglia university had “ been used as a basis for the IPCC report as well as for the US global research program . ”
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ’s ( IPCC ’s ) benchmarks for CO2 concentrations in a 2007 report serve as a guidepost for the UN - backed talks in Copenhagen .
The e-mails showed “ an increasing evidence that scientific fascism is going on , ” Sensenbrenner added .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ As policy makers are making decisions about the state of the American economy for the next several generations , we have to have accurate science and it appears that there is enough questions on whether the science we have is accurate . ”
Skeptics , including many Republicans , say global temperatures may be warming naturally , and argue the costs of implementing legislation to curb greenhouse gas emissions will be too heavy for American industry .
US President Barack Obama is to attend the Copenhagen climate conference next week with an offer to cut US emissions by 17 percent from 2005 levels by 2020 .
ADVERTISEMENT
The White House has said Obama would also lay out a longer - term plan for a 30 percent reduction of US emissions from 2005 levels by 2025 , a 42 percent reduction by 2030 and an 83 percent cut by 2050 .
The United States is the world ’s second largest greenhouse gas emitter .
The monetary - policy terminology of " quantitative easing " and " bail - out " is a masterstroke of propaganda , for it purposefully masks an unprecedented transfer of wealth from future taxpayers to the Financial Power Elite .
I want to be crystal - clear here : what Bernanke & Co. represent as " monetary policy " is in fact a massive transfer of wealth from future generations of U.S. taxpayers to Wall Street and the banking / mortgage industries .
The propaganda is purposefully designed to distract our attention from the fact that " monetary policy " has fiscal consequences for future taxpayers -- unprecedented mountains of Federal debt which must be serviced over a generation in which interest rates will rise .
Various SIFPs ( standard - issue financial pundits ) are trotted out as shills to support " quantitative easing " and " bail - outs " as " sound monetary policy " to ward off Depression .
Yet what did squandering $ 1.2 trillion on toxic mortgage - backed securities actually gain the nation ?
What did squandering several trillion dollars on bailing out AIG , Wall Street , the banks , Fannie and Freddie , GMAC , etc. etc. etc. actually gain the nation ?
Perhaps the only " depression " that was averted was the depression the Financial Power Elite would have experienced had their empires of leverage and derivatives been allowed to fall , eradicating their ill - gotten wealth in the process .
The goal of propaganda is to redirect attention away from the truth via misinformation and the construction of plausible , emotionally appealing facades -- simulacra in the Survival + analysis .
Thus the transfer of trillions from your childrens ' future earnings is masked behind the seemingly harmless and cost - free facade of " monetary policy . "
Another Survival + concept in play here is complexity fortress .
Bernanke and Co. have constructed a complexity fortress , hiding their actions behind veils of secrecy ( all " for the good of the nation , " heh , as if transparency was the enemy of democracy and free speech ) , obfuscated transactions ( purchasing futures contracts via proxies , and so on ) and the sheer complexity of structures such as TARP .
If the web is too tangled for anyone but insiders to understand , then the complexity fortress is complete and invulnerable .
This was of course a favored strategy of Wall Street -- derivatives so complex that only those who wrote them understood the risks .
There is another facet to this propaganda campaign of masking fiscal burdens on citizens behind the bland mask of " monetary policy " : the complete destruction of integrity and ethics in the halls of power .
Ethics receives lip service in the U.S. , of course , along with other fictions such as " fiscal responsibility , " but that faint bleating is itself a sort of veil over the bleaker reality that integrity and ethics have been entirely marginalized in the public culture of the nation .
Were anyone to actually resign in protest or disgust , they would be cynically castigated for throwing away wealth and power in a needless gesture .
As for ethical breaches -- everyone knows a phony apology ( " I am sorry I hurt my family and my wife , I take full responsibility , blah blah blah " ) is all that 's needed .
After a brief pause to allow the news cycle to wander past , they can resume the pillaging of the public coffers , the fraud , embezzlement and legerdemain that have been raised to a state of perfection in the halls of power .
In other words : integrity is for chumps .
This marginalization of integrity , both institutional and individual , is a key element in the Survival + analysis .
Thus we have Bernanke & Co. stand before us with straight faces , even as they know their policies are enriching the few at the cost of the many taxpayers who are safely in the future .
That we as a nation are stealing from our children and grandchildren to avoid any housecleaning now -- that does n't bother Bernanke & Co. , nor does it bother the senators who are biding their time , awaiting the moment where they rubber - stamp the pre-approved apparatchiks .
This marginalization of integrity in the halls of power has infected the entire nation ; those below look up and see fraud , corruption , lies , propaganda and self - serving aggrandizement , and they conclude that ripping off the taxpayer , pursuing fraudulent claims and mortgage documents , etc. etc. is in essence the " officially approved " manner to get ahead .
True to the high standards of propaganda which now pass as " normal , " this erosion of truth and integrity in official statements , statistics and policies is vehemently denied by those in power .
The costs of this erosion cannot be tallied easily , but we can predict they will be paid out over many years , if not a generation and beyond .
Permanent link : " Monetary Policy " Transfers Your Children 's Future Earnings to the Financial Elite
Excellent new essay in Readers Journal :
The Real Con : " More Complex Is Better " ( Michael M. )
Things are getting more and more complex in today 's world .
That is a statement few would doubt .
However the question is why .
Is it necessary ?
Is it always necessary ?
How many people can keep up with changes and understand them ?
How can democracy / any form of participation still work if the majority does n't even understand the broad overview anymore ?
The real con of today is " more complex is better . "
Expanded free eBook now available ( 85,300 words , 136 pages ) :
in HTML : Survival + in PDF : Survival +
NOTE : the Kindle reader for PCs is now available for free which means you can read the Kindle version of Survival + on your PC .
Of Two Minds is now available via Kindle : Of Two Minds blog - Kindle
" This guy is THE leading visionary on reality .
He routinely discusses things which no one else has talked about , yet , turn out to be quite relevant months later . "
-- Walt Howard , commenting about CHS on another blog .
Thank you , Amy C. ( $ 20 ) , for your very kind encouragement and generous contribution to this site .
I am greatly honored by your support and readership .
Your readership is greatly appreciated with or without a donation .
For more on this subject and a wide array of other topics , please visit my weblog .
By Jane Elliott
Health reporter , BBC News
Anna finds balance difficult
This article contains a graphic image of an infected limb .
When Anna Levis developed blisters on her feet she was worried , but doctors told her it was simply a case of wearing the wrong shoes .
Anna , who has diabetes , had her wounds treated and dressed .
But it was not until after she had part of her foot and her little toe amputated , that she was finally referred to a podiatrist .
Experts warn that millions are spent each year on diabetic foot amputations like Anna's , but say that most could have been avoided with better foot care .
New figures show that the NHS spends £ 600 m a year on treating foot problems in people with diabetes , and £ 252 m of this is spent on amputation .
Avoiding amputations
Foot problems commonly develop in people with diabetes , who are at risk of damage to the nerves and blood supply to their feet .
Both can lead to foot ulcers and slow - healing wounds which , if they become infected , can result in amputation .
Whilst it 's only a part of my foot that 's been amputated , it has affected so much of my life
Anna Levis But Nita Parmar , of the Society of Chiropodists and Podiatrists ( SCP ) , said most serious problems could be avoided with regular access to foot services , rather than simply the annual foot check .
" Each amputation costs the NHS around £ 13,500 with long hospital stays , yet up to 85 per cent of all diabetic amputations can be prevented with specialist podiatrist foot care , " she said .
Diabetes UK's Bridget Turner added : " The longer problems are left untreated , the greater the risk of deterioration and loss of the limb , which has devastating effects on a person 's mobility and mood , causing disfigurement and reducing independence . "
Problems can escalate Anna , who has had Type 1 diabetes since the age of four , said she felt her worries had not been taken seriously .
When Anna , from Dagenham , developed a blister on each of her feet in 2006 her GP sent her to the surgery chiropodist who dressed her feet and told her to come back in three months .
Diabetics have to take care of their feet
But after a few days the blister on her left foot started to worsen and she was sent her to hospital .
A doctor told her that her blisters had been caused by ill - fitting shoes and she was sent home with a course of antibiotics .
Four weeks later she became very ill and her right foot began to turn black .
She was taken back into hospital and had an emergency amputation of her little toe and of a part of her foot .
Anna said : " After the operation the hospital diabetes consultant came to see me and said I should never have been left just with the antibiotics .
" He said that if I had been directed to the diabetes consultant straight after being admitted , my amputation would not have been necessary .
" It 's clear that poor communication and a lack of understanding of diabetes foot care at my hospital led to me losing part of my foot unnecessarily .
" I am convinced that had I seen the right people at first they would have saved my foot . "
" Whilst it 's only a part of my foot that 's been amputated , it has affected so much of my life , from having to go to a podiatrist every week to having problems walking , balancing and wearing normal shoes .
" Things I like doing like swimming I can't do because I can't get the dressing wet .
It hinders you in lots of ways .
I used to do karate , but I can't do that .
You can't risk hurting your foot in any way - a simple scratch could turn into something nasty . "
Let down Anna , 38 , says she feels let down by the system .
" They say diabetics should take more notice , but you are making a pain of yourself going to the doctor , " she said .
" I had my annual foot check , but I do not think that is good enough because infection can take hold and you are really stuck .
" When you are a child you have an appointment with the diabetic clinic every couple of months and a health visitor comes to see you , but when you reach 18 all that stops . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Agents of Israel 's Mossad intelligence service hacked into the computer of a senior Syrian government official a year before Israel bombed a facility in Syria in 2007 , according to Der Spiegel .
The intelligence agents planted a Trojan horse on the official 's computer in late 2006 while he was staying at a hotel in the Kensington district of London , the German news magazine reported Monday in an extensive account of the bombing attack .
The official reportedly left his computer in his hotel room when he went out , making it easy for agents to install the malware that siphoned files from the laptop .
The files contained construction plans for the Al Kabir complex in eastern Syria – said to be an illicit nuclear facility – as well as letters and hundreds of detailed photos showing the complex at various stages of construction , according to the magazine .
At the beginning – probably in 2002 , although the material was undated – the construction site looked like a treehouse on stilts , complete with suspicious - looking pipes leading to a pumping station at the Euphrates .
Later photos show concrete piers and roofs , which apparently had only one function : to modify the building so that it would look unsuspicious from above .
In the end , the whole thing looked as if a shoebox had been placed over something in an attempt to conceal it .
But photos from the interior revealed that what was going on at the site was in fact probably work on fissile material .
Early in the morning of September 6 , 2007 , Israeli fighter jets bombed the complex , located in the desert near the Euphrates river about 80 miles from the Iraq border .
The attack , dubbed " Operation Orchard , " seemed to come out of nowhere and was marked by a resounding silence from both Israel and the United States afterward .
Israel claimed the incident never occurred .
The United States claimed ignorance , but a State Department official suggested the target was nuclear equipment obtained by " secret suppliers . "
The Syrians were said to have been building the reactor with help from North Korea .
The Israeli military 's intelligence unit , known as 8200 , was reportedly tipped off to this by the U.S. National Security Agency , which intercepted conversations between Syrian officials at the reactor and North Koreans .
Israel 's concern about the facility really kicked into gear when it discovered that Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad traveled to Syria in 2006 , according to Der Spiegel .
The magazine alleges that Ahmadinejad promised the Syrians more than $ 1 billion to hasten their progress on the project .
In early 2007 , Iran 's former deputy Minister of Defense defected to Turkey and told the CIA that Iran was funding a top - secret nuclear facility in Syria in conjunction with North Korea .
Then , days before the Israeli attack on Al Kabir , the Mossad discovered that a ship from North Korea arrived in Syria loaded with uranium materials .
Israel 's attack on the facility commenced late in the evening of September 5 , when 10 Israeli fighter jets departed from a base in Northern Israel around 11 p.m. and headed west over the Mediterranean .
Seven of them turned east to Syria , flying low , and took out a radar station with their missiles .
About 20 minutes later they released their bombs on Al Kabir .
Afterward , Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert reportedly sent a message to Syrian President Bashar Assad through Turkey saying no further hostilities were planned .
Israel , Olmert said , did not want to play up the incident and was still interested in making peace with Damascus .
He added that if Assad chose not to draw attention to the Israeli strike , he would do the same .
In this way , a deafening silence about the mysterious event in the desert began .
Nevertheless , the story did not end there , because there were many who chose to shed light on the incident – and others who were intent on exacting revenge .
Assad maintains that the facility was a conventional military installation .
But Der Spiegel reports that in June 2008 , a team of experts from the International Atomic Energy Agency analyzed soil at Al Kabir taken after the bombing and found traces of uranium that were " of a type not included in Syria 's declared inventory of nuclear material . "
Assad says the Israelis dropped the samples from the air when they bombed the facility in order to frame Syria .
Photo : Aug. 5 , 2007 satellite image of suspected nuclear reactor site in Syria a month before it was bombed .
( AP Photo / DigitalGlobe )
Sen. Mary Landrieu ( D - La. ) is one of at least a half - dozen Dems who want their party to jettison the centerpiece of its plan to curb global warming .
Dems to W.H. : Drop cap and trade
Bruised by the health care debate and worried about what 2010 will bring , moderate Senate Democrats are urging the White House to give up now on any effort to pass a cap - and - trade bill next year .
“ I am communicating that in every way I know how , ” said Sen. Mary Landrieu ( D - La. ) , one of at least a half - dozen Democrats who 've told the White House or their own leaders that it 's time to jettison the centerpiece of their party 's plan to curb global warming .
Advertisement
The creation of an economywide market for greenhouse gas emissions is the heart of the climate bill that cleared the House earlier this year .
But with the health care fight still raging and the economy still hurting , moderate Democrats have little appetite for another sweeping initiative — especially another one likely to pass with little or no Republican support .
“ We need to deal with the phenomena of global warming , but I think it ’s very difficult in the kind of economic circumstances we have right now , ” said Indiana Democratic Sen .
Evan Bayh , who called passage of any economywide cap and trade “ unlikely . ”
At a meeting about health care last month , moderates pushed to table climate legislation in favor of a jobs bill that would be an easier sell during the 2010 elections , according to Senate Democratic aides .
“ I ’d just as soon see that set aside until we work through the economy , ” said Sen. Ben Nelson ( D - Neb . ) .
“ What we do n’t want to do is have anything get in the way of working to resolve the problems with the economy . ”
“ Climate change in an election year has very poor prospects , ” added Sen. Kent Conrad ( D - N.D. ) .
“ I ’ve told that to the leadership . ”
At least some in the Democratic leadership appear to be listening .
Asked about cap and trade last week , Senate Majority Whip Dick Durbin ( D - Ill . ) said : “ At this point I ’d like to see a complete bill , but we have to be realistic . "
Moderate House Democrats who voted in favor of the cap - and - trade bill just before the July 4 recess came under fire back home , and Republicans have vowed to make the issue a key line of attack during next year ’s elections .
Some Democrats would prefer to deny them that target .
“ I ’d prefer to do energy because I think you could get a really broad consensus on a lot of energy legislation , ” said Sen. Mark Pryor ( D - Ark . ) .
But supporters of the climate bill say that cap and trade is an inextricable part of any energy package for next year .
“ We ’ve got to keep them together because they go together , ” said Connecticut independent Sen .
Joe Lieberman , who infuriated liberals with his opposition to the public option in the health care bill but who 's trying to keep cap and trade alive in a bipartisan climate bill he 's drafting with Sens.
John Kerry ( D - Mass . ) and Lindsey Graham ( R - S.C. ) .
The White House remains firmly behind an economywide cap - and - trade system , which would curb greenhouse gas emissions and create a market for polluters to buy and sell carbon allowances .
“ We think that a cap - and - trade mechanism is the best way to achieve the most cost - effective reductions , " a senior administration official told reporters last week .
But Kerry raised eyebrows last week when he seemed to hint at some flexibility over the issue .
" I can't tell you the method or the means or amount by which we might price carbon , " he told reporters in Copenhagen .
" We have n't resolved that issue yet . ”
A move away from cap and trade would bitterly disappoint the environmental community and many powerful utility companies , which have lobbied hard for the system .
Many utilities , investors and even some consumer companies like Starbucks and Nike believe cap and trade will unleash a flood of investments in energy efficiency and renewable fuels like wind , solar and nuclear power .
But passage will be a heavy lift — with few signs of Republican support and mounting concern from moderate Democrats .
Earlier this month , Sen. Susan Collins ( R - Maine ) and Sen. Maria Cantwell ( D - Wash . ) introduced a bill that would replace cap and trade with a system that would set a price on carbon dioxide emissions and return all the revenue to consumers , instead of industry .
And Republican Sens. George Voinovich of Ohio and Richard Lugar of Indiana are examining proposals to cap greenhouse gas emissions only on power plants , coupled with energy efficiency programs for buildings and transportation .
After the tough health care fight , the Democratic leadership believes a climate bill must pass with significant bipartisan support or risk leaving the party open to attack during the midterm elections .
“ Any bill dealing with energy and climate change will have to be bipartisan to pass , ” said Durbin .
“ Sen . Kerry assures me that there are other [ Republicans ] that he may have . ”
But even among Republicans who believe global warming is a problem , few — if any — other than Graham support an economywide cap - and - trade system .
Like just about every other big , international conference , from world trade to human rights , it appears the Copenhagen climate summit has ended in a complete fiasco .
BBC : Negotiations at the UN climate summit have been suspended after the African group withdrew co-operation .
African delegations were angry at what they saw as moves by the Danish host government to sideline talks on more emission cuts under the Kyoto Protocol .
As news spread around the conference centre , about 200 activists responded with chants of " We stand with Africa - Kyoto targets now " .
Typical .
Between the " Climategate " leaks , and another set of leaks about how developed countries planned to screw over developing ones , the whole thing was doomed from the start .
And even without those snags , it was all talk .
There 's no way all the countries in the world can come together and unilaterally slow down their economies for something as vague as climate change , potentially a century off .
That 's the bottomline .
( via @_alea )
Researchers have solved what may be the oldest mystery in planetary science : the two - tone surface of Saturn ’s moon Iapetus .
The odd feature  the moon ’s trailing side is about 10 times brighter than its leading side  has been a mystery since it was first observed by Giovanni Cassini in 1671 .
In two papers published online by Science , researchers have unraveled the mystery , using images and data from instruments aboard the spacecraft named for Cassini .
The studies confirm an earlier idea that dust , most likely from another of Saturn ’s moons , falls on the leading side of Iapetus as it orbits the planet .
Image The Cassini spacecraft took this photo of Saturn ’s moon Iapetus in September 2007 .
Credit ... European Pressphoto Agency
“ It ’s just like a motorcyclist , who only gets the flies on the leading side of the helmet rather than the trailing side , ” said Tillmann Denk of the Free University of Berlin , an author with John R. Spencer of the Southwest Research Institute of one of the papers and lead author of the other .
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
The Magazine answers ...
The sacked drugs adviser Prof David Nutt famously compared its risks with those of ecstasy .
But just how dangerous is horse riding ?
Eventing is one of the more dangerous parts of horse riding
There are dangers associated with horse riding .
Anybody who has ever ridden will know that .
In hunting , point - to - point and eventing , often quite sizeable obstacles are jumped , opening up the possibility of a bad fall .
" It is one of the more dangerous sports , even though the safety equipment is very good , " says Lucy Higginson , editor of Horse and Hound magazine .
" There have been quite a few fatalities in Britain over the years .
Most people accept riding is a risk sport .
The reward and the thrills more than make up for it . "
In his paper earlier this year , Prof Nutt noted that riding in the UK was associated with 10 deaths and 100 traffic accidents a year .
He coined the tongue - in - cheek " equine addiction syndrome " or " equasy " when suggesting it might be more harmful than ecstasy .
Dr John Silver , emeritus spinal injuries consultant , researched serious injuries in professional rugby union , gymnastics and trampolining , and horse riding , over a period of many years .
THE ANSWER
A complete statistical overview is not possible but a figure of 10 deaths a year has been cited
This is over 3 - 4 million riders
Many more suffer head and spinal injuries
Drug experts ' warning to Johnson
He found many serious accidents resulted from a " mismatch between the skills of the participant and the task attempted " .
" It was n't necessarily that the task was too difficult for a top international rider .
A lot were occurring in eventing , people were attempting cross country tasks against time and they could n't do them against time . "
Many other serious accidents happened on the roads .
" Cars , horses and riders are a lethal combination , " he adds .
Higginson agreed that eventing was perhaps the most dangerous part of riding .
Many television viewers will be familiar with the daunting height of some of the obstacles jumped .
" They are just very large , very heavy animals .
If the horse falls over that 's when it 's most worrying . "
But , she emphasises , accidents happen in more mundane circumstances .
Competitors now wear helmets and , often , body armour " It can happen to people out hacking [ riding at a walking pace ] . "
Safety equipment has become more widespread with many riders not countenancing the idea of jumping without a helmet and chest protector .
There are even air bags for horse riders which are strapped to the person 's body and triggered by a release cord when a rider begins to fall .
In his paper Hazards of Horse - riding as a Popular Sport , Dr Silver cited a study from 1985 that suggested motorcyclists suffered a serious accident once every 7,000 hours but a horse rider could expect a serious incident once in every 350 hours .
Dr Silver also cites a figure from 1992 of 12 equestrian - related fatalities from 2.87 million participants .
He also notes that in the period from 1994 - 1999 , 3 % of all spinal cord injury patients admitted to Stoke Mandeville Hospital were the result of horse riding .
The majority of people admitted to hospital in such circumstances are women .
It is not easy to gain a complete overview about the dangers of horse riding .
The British Horse Society says there are no centrally collated figures on horse riding injuries .
There is no obligation to notify the society about any incident .
And of course , to fans of the sport , many of whom regard it as as much of a way of life as it is a mere hobby , any recognition of the dangers must be tempered by the positives of the sport .
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
A regular part of the BBC News Magazine , Who , What , Why ?
aims to answer some of the questions behind the headlines
At the time Prof Nutt 's controversial paper was published , the British Horse Society pointed out the health benefits of the sport , in terms of providing good exercise and therefore prolonging life , in its attack on the comparison to ecstasy .
Mark Weston , director of Access , Safety and Welfare said : " The health benefits of horse riding are well known , how anyone can maintain that taking a class A drug has such benefits beggars belief . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Previous Time Wasted January ( 1 ) March ( 13 ) February ( 49 ) January ( 64 ) December ( 79 ) November ( 76 ) October ( 80 ) September ( 74 ) August ( 62 ) July ( 33 ) June ( 66 ) May ( 52 ) April ( 53 ) March ( 65 ) February ( 45 ) January ( 35 ) December ( 53 ) November ( 40 ) October ( 52 ) September ( 40 ) August ( 28 ) July ( 34 ) June ( 37 ) May ( 40 ) April ( 36 ) March ( 47 ) February ( 55 ) January ( 70 ) December ( 83 ) November ( 90 ) October ( 58 ) September ( 51 ) August ( 43 ) July ( 27 ) June ( 35 ) May ( 43 ) April ( 30 ) March ( 52 ) February ( 32 ) January ( 40 ) December ( 63 ) November ( 57 ) October ( 29 ) September ( 19 ) August ( 18 ) May ( 5 ) April ( 2 ) March ( 2 ) January ( 1 ) December ( 2 ) November ( 2 ) October ( 5 ) September ( 4 ) August ( 4 ) July ( 9 ) June ( 8 ) May ( 6 ) April ( 4 ) March ( 5 ) February ( 8 ) June ( 1 ) November ( 1 )
“ The thing I found about hockey in Boston is that everyone has played with and against each other in high school , in college , and it goes back generations , ” said Jim Madigan , a scout for the Pittsburgh Penguins who came to Northeastern from Toronto in 1981 as a player and went on to coach the Huskies from 1986 to 1993 .
“ They all know each other , and they all have their stories about the Boston Arena or Matthews . ”
One such story was offered by Ben Smith , who played in the building with Gloucester High School and Harvard and later coached Northeastern .
Image Known mostly as a place for hockey , Matthews Arena was opened for other events .
Credit ... Northeastern University
“ Back in the 1950s and ’60s , the ice surface at the arena was short , and it was shaped kind of like a football , ” Smith said .
“ So we ’d come in and play B.U. , back when they were using the arena as their home ice , and I ’d go back to touch the puck for icing , and here comes little Jack Parker from B.U. chasing after me .
And I ’d get my stick stuck in the boards in those narrow corners , and it ’d stab me in the stomach and knock the wind out of me .
Everyone thought Jack , who weighed 150 pounds , had knocked me out .
I weighed about 200 . ”
Parker is the longtime coach at B.U. ; Smith lives down the street from him .
Through the first decade of the 20th century , hockey in New England was played outside , on frozen ponds and rivers .
The opening of the arena galvanized Boston hockey .
The game had moved indoors in Canada and in scattered areas of the United States like New York and Pittsburgh several years earlier .
Moving it indoors in Boston was like bringing a wild plant into a greenhouse and watching it grow .
“ It was like a gift from heaven , ” Fred Hoey , a Boston Herald sportswriter , wrote a few years later .
“ The hope and ambition of every Greater Boston hockey player was realized  players and coaches could now count on a schedule of ice . ”
Around Dec 8 , 2009 , the UK Met Office released “ value added ” data for a “ subset ” of 1741 stations – see here , describing the release as follows :
The data downloadable from this page are a subset of the full HadCRUT3 record of global temperatures , which is one of the global temperature records that have underpinned IPCC assessment reports and numerous scientific studies .
The data subset consists of a network of individual land stations that has been designated by the World Meteorological Organization for use in climate monitoring .
The data show monthly average temperature values for over 1,500 land stations
In question 7 of the webpage , they asked and answered rhetorically :
7 . Why are you releasing a subset of the data now ?
We can only release data from NMSs when we have permission from them to do so .
In the meantime we are releasing data from a network of stations designated by the World Meteorological Organisation for climate monitoring together with any additional data for which we have permission to release .
Today , I ’m going to do a quick analysis of the Hadley subset , which has some interesting attributes .
A “ Subset ” ?
First , I checked whether the Hadley Subset is actually a subset of the CRU station list archived in response to Willis Eschenbach ’s FOI request .
The Hadley subset is available in the following zipfile http://www.metoffice.gov.uk/climatechange/science/monitoring/reference/All.zip .
I ’ve downloaded this zipfile and collated the station information into an organized list ( which I ’ll post up when I learn how to upload data to the reconfigured CA ) .
The CRU stationlist was formerly available at http://www.cru.uea.ac.uk/cru/data/landstations/crustnsused.txt ( presently unavailable ) .
I ’d taken the precaution of saving a copy ( which I ’ll make available soon . )
Of 1741 Hadley Subset stations , 1521 had identification numbers matching CRU identification numbers .
However , 220 Hadley Subset identifications did not match the CRU station list .
The metadata for the Hadley Subset states that the “ source ” of the data is either “ Jones ” or “ Jones + Anders ” ( Anders Moberg being the coauthor of Jones and Moberg 2003 , the “ peer - reviewed ” publication of CRUTEM2 in the litchurchur . )
What is one to make of this inconsistency ?
My surmise is that the CRU stationlist provided in response to the FOI request must have been inaccurate in respect to the omitted stations , though it ’s also possible that there were some changes between 2007 and 2009 .
I strongly doubt that the Met Office obtained and collated station data from third party sources not via CRU .
Any Additional Data for which we have Permission to Release
The Met Office said that the Subset was a “ network of stations designated by the World Meteorological Organisation for climate monitoring together with any additional data for which we have permission to release ” .
CRU said that they would seek permission from national meteorological services ( NMSs ) to release station data .
The Met Office did n’t report on the progress of this supposed program .
However , if the Subset includes “ any additional data for which we have permission to release ” , as the Met Office has represented , then this should be evident in the station lists as follows : all stations in the CRU station list for an agreeing country would necessarily be in the Subset station list .
I compared the two lists by country .
( This comparison is hampered by the appalling sloppiness of the country designations in both CRU and Met Office station lists .
I know that climate scientists like to make fun of taking care of such details , but it does n’t take that long to allocate 1741 stations to consistently spelled countries and it ’s the sort of thing that ’s helpful if you ’re administering a set of confidentiality agreements .
The 2 - digit codes are related to countries , but do n’t yield a precise matching . )
In any event , I spent an hour and a half or so making a consistent allocation to countries and the Met Office is welcome to the results .
Denmark has been in the news lately .
So let ’s examine whether all the Danish CRU stations are in the Hadley Subset .
Alborg and Koebenhavn are in the Hadley Subset , while CRU stations Vestervig , Tarm , Bogo , Hammerodde Fyr , Nordby and Tranebjerg are n’t .
If we can rely on the Met Office statement that they included “ any additional data for which we have permission to release ” , this means that Denmark has not yet provided permission for release of 6 stations .
( It ’s a little odd to think that they would have consented to the release of 2 stations and not the other 6 , but hey … )
Similar puzzles abound in the Hadley Subset .
Other countries in a similar situation to Denmark – with some stations released and others not – include Norway , Sweden , Finland , Ireland , Iceland , Greenland , Netherlands , Switzerland , Spain , Portugal , Germany , Canada , USA , Australia , Russia , India , China … Actually most countries in the world .
The countries with complete CRU inventories in the Met Office Subset is a much shorter list : UK , France , New Zealand , some small countries like Latvia , Lithuania .
The most surprising aspect of the list is that is dominated by Third World and especially African countries : Laos , Vietnam , Ecuador , Tunisia , Guinea , Senegal , Niger , Mali , Ethiopia , Somalia , Eritrea , Kenya , Uganda , Tanzania , Chad , Liberia , Cote d’Ivoire , Ghana , Benin , Zimbabwe , Zambia , Madagascar , Namibia .
It seems surprising that these countries would have answered the bell for permission to release data so much faster than European countries .
Reviewing the Met Office statement on the release :
In the meantime we are releasing data from a network of stations designated by the World Meteorological Organisation for climate monitoring together with any additional data for which we have permission to release .
My interpretation is that the “ additional data for which we have permission ” has made a negligible contribution to the Hadley Subset – indeed , it looks possible that the only “ additional data ” in the Hadley Subset comes from Britain itself ( plus possibly France , New Zealand . )
The Designated Network
This raises an interesting question about the “ network of stations designated by the World Meteorological Organisation for climate monitoring ” and the permissions attached to this network , as it does n’t appear that new permissions have a material impact on the release .
The Met Office did not provide a reference to a document describing the “ network ” , linking only to the WMO .
Googling the phrase “ network of stations designated by the World Meteorological Organisation for climate monitoring ” leads to the GCOS network – a list of 1025 stations is here – and perhaps this is what the Hadley Center has in mind .
There is considerable overlap between the Hadley Subset and the GCOS network but neither is a subset of the other .
In a first cut matching effort , I compared the 5 - digit identification of the GCOS network to the first 5 digits of the Hadley identifier and matched 760 stations , leaving 981 unmatched .
There did n’t appear to be any particular country pattern to the residuals .
Conversely , from the 1025 GCOS stations , there were the 760 matches leaving 265 unmatched .
This leaves a number of puzzle - type questions about the Hadley Subset :
– how were these selected ?
– why is the Jones version of GCOS stations not considered confidential ?
– why is the Jones version of non-GCOS stations in the Hadley Subset not considered confidential ?
– why was this not made available last summer ?
I ’m not suggesting that climate science stands or falls on these questions .
For now , they are merely interesting little puzzles .
Update ( 10 pm Dec 27 ) .
A reader observed in the comments that the Regional Basic Climatological Network ( RBCN ) dataset see here datalist ftp://ftp.wmo.int/wmo-ddbs/RBCN_DEC2009.xls has a much closer genetic relationship to the Hadley Subset than GCOS .
Ive confirmed the closer relationship though not all problems are resolved .
The CRU data set ( FOI version ) contained 4158 stations of which 1521 were matched in the Hadley Subset and 2617 unmatched .
Of the 1521 Hadley Subset matches , the first five digits matched RBCN WMO numbers for 1477 , with 44 unmatched .
The 44 unmatched were from only a few jurisdictions : UK , France , New Zealand ( three jurisdictions mentioned in my notes above ) plus one from Liberia and one from Bahamas .
Conversely , of the 2617 CRU FOI stations excluded from the Hadley Subset , 145 were matched in the RBCN data set and 2472 were unmatched .
The 145 stations matched in the RBCN data set but not included in the Hadley Subset were mostly from USA , Canada , Mexico and South Africa , with a few stragglers from Mongolia , Panama , Dominica , Israel and one from Russia ( or as CRU refers to it – USSR ) .
[ Update Dec 28 – a reader observed below that these 145 stations all had a non -zero sixth digit .
If an extended 6 - digit RBCN identification is defined using the SUBINDEX field , there is not a match at the 6 - digit level for 144 of the 145 stations .
Using 6 - digit identifications , of the 2617 FOI exclusions , there is only one common identification in the RBCN data set – 718011 : St John ’s West CDA in RBCN and St Johns UA in CRU ) .
Lets hypothesize for now that ( 1 ) the Hadley Subset consists of CRU stations in the RBCN network ; ( 2 ) additional permissions to date are restricted to UK , France and New Zealand .
Then the failure to include the 145 excluded matches might be sloppiness ; or perhaps a different RBCN version ; or perhaps we havent quite got the right network .
[ Update – as noted above , a reader has clarified that the 6 - digit identification resolves the 145 stations . ]
As noted in a prior post , the webpage stated :
The stations that we have released are those in the CRUTEM3 database that are also either in the WMO Regional Basic Climatological Network ( RBCN ) and so freely available without restrictions on re-use ; or those for which we have received permission from the national met .
service which owns the underlying station data .
I remain puzzled as to how the RBCN network would supersede the supposed confidentiality agreements .
Coke - snorting millionaire Rabbi who built ' synagogue of sin ' walks free from court
A rabbi who lived a double life as a cocaine - addicted playboy walked free from court yesterday .
Multi-millionaire Baruch Chalomish , 54 , hosted sex and drugs orgies at his luxury apartment .
One party hosted by the eminent Jewish scholar was attended by 20 guests and went on for five days .
During that time the rabbi stayed up for over 72 hours repeatedly snorting cocaine and having sex with high - class prostitutes .
At other riotous parties call girls were laid on for wealthy friends including a hospital surgeon , a GP and several businessmen .
Secret sinner : Baruch Chalomish , who enjoyed cocaine - fuelled parties with prostitutes , was given a community order today
But today Chalomish was spared jail after a court heard he had thrown himself into a life of sex and drugs following his wife ’s death .
Manchester Crown Court was told the rabbi had been a leading and well - respected member of the local Jewish community .
The father of three preached on moral behaviour to children at schools of religious study , and would often put large sums of money through the letterboxes of the poor .
Each year he donated £ 70,000 pounds to a welfare fund to help poor Jewish people locally .
But his double life was exposed in January when police raided his apartment and found large sums of money and cocaine , and credit cards and banknotes used for chopping up and snorting the drug .
Similar paraphernalia and quantities of cocaine were found at Chalomish ’s home , along with £ 15,345 in cash .
Chalomish , who came to Britain from Israel 30 years ago , sobbed as he told the jury he was ‘ deeply ashamed ’ of taking cocaine and did it only to stop feeling depressed and lonely after his wife ’s sudden death from liver cancer in 1996 .
He later remarried but the relationship ended just six weeks after the wedding .
Jonathan Goldberg QC , defending said : ‘ He had a secret life since the death of his wife whom he had been devoted to for 18 years .
He became an addict because he never got over the pain of her death .
' My client is a very wealthy man , a property investor .
He is literally a multi-millionaire .
He has no need to make money from supplying drugs .
' He never supplied or sold drugs , but he was using and indeed he had a habit , a habit that sometimes he was spending £ 1,000 pounds a week on for himself . ’
The jury cleared Chalomish of two counts of drug dealing but found his co-accused Nasir Abbas , 54 , who is on the run , guilty of possession and supply and jailed him in his absence for six years .
Mr Goldberg said of Chalomish : ‘ A rich man such as he is knew that he could afford to buy the best and Mr Abbas got him the best .
He got him very , very pure cocaine .
His secret life was that he was using prostitutes , and Mr Abbas was arranging them for him .
He has needs , as a man does since his wife died , and he was indulging in that . ’
Chalomish was convicted of possessing class - A drugs and given a six - month supervision order and 60 days community work .
He was ordered to undergo drug rehabilitation and to pay £ 3,899.22 costs .
Sentencing him , Judge Michael Henshall said : ‘ Your secret life , which has now been exposed to the glare of publicity , has brought upon you a degree of recrimination from members of the community and the wider public . ’
From Keith 's post over at Daily KOS -- Special Comment : Not Health , Not Care , Not Reform :
There could not be a finer line between the words compromise and compromised and tonight , with the greatest possible reluctance , I believe I have to go on the air and state my opinion that the Senate bill in its current form has clearly crossed that line and , as currently constituted , cannot be passed .
Seems he's as unhappy about the recent developments with this health care bill as many of us are .
It merely decrees that our underprivileged , our sick , our elderly , our middle class , can be fed into it , as human sacrifices to the great maw of corporate voraciousness , at a profit per victim of 10 cents on the dollar instead of the current 20 .
The " men " of the current moment , have lost to the " mice " of history .
They must now not make the defeat worse by passing a hollow shell of a bill just for the sake of a big - stage signing ceremony .
This bill , slowly bled to death by the political equivalent of the leeches that were once thought state - of - the - art - medicine , is now little more than a series of microscopically minor tweaks of a system which is the real - life , here - and - now version , of the malarkey of the Town Hallers .
The American Insurance Cartel is the Death Panel , and this Senate bill does nothing to destroy it .
Nor even to satiate it .
But through circumstances beyond their control , they are now seeking to reanimate a corpse killed by the Republicans , and by a political game played in the Senate and in the White House by men and women who have now proved themselves poorly equipped for the fight .
I bless the Sherrod Browns and Ron Wydens and Jay Rockefellers and Sheldon Whitehouses and Anthony Weiners and all the others who have fought for real reform and I bleed for the pain inflicted upon them and their hopes .
They have done their jobs and served their nation .
This is not health , this is not care , this is certainly not reform .
Seeking the least common denominator , Senator Reid has found it , especially the " least " part .
Last night on this program Howard Dean said that with the appeasement of Mr. Lieberman of Connecticut by the abandonment of the Medicare Buy - in , he could no longer support H - R 35 -90 .
" I will begin by saying the most unpopular and most unwelcome thing : that we have sustained a total and unmitigated defeat , without a war . "
To again quote Churchill after Munich , as I did six nights ago on this program :
Even before the support columns of reform were knocked down , one by one , with the kind of passive defense that would embarrass a touch - football player - single - payer , the public option , the Medicare Buy - In - before they vanished , the Congressional Budget Office estimated that the part of this bill that would require you to buy insurance unless you could prove you could not afford it , would cost a family of four with a household income of 54 - thousand dollars a year , 17 percent of that income .
Nine thousand dollars a year .
Just for the insurance !
That was with a public option .
That was with some kind of check on the insurance companies .
That was before -- as Howard Dean pointed out -- the revelation that the cartel will still be able to charge older people more than others ; will -- at the least -- now be able to charge much more , maybe 50 percent more , for people with pre-existing conditions -- pre-existing conditions ; you know , like being alive .
You have just agreed to purchase a product .
If you do not , you will be breaking the law and subject to a fine .
You have no control over how much you will pay for the product .
The government will have virtually no control over how much the company will charge for the product .
The product is designed like the Monty Python sketch about the insurance company 's " Never - Pay " policy ... " which , you know , if you never claim -- is very worthwhile .
But you had to claim , and , well , there it is . "
And who do we have to blame for this ?
There are enough villains to go around , men and women who , in a just world , would be the next to get sick and have to sell their homes or their memories or their futures -- just to keep themselves alive , just to keep their children alive , against the implacable enemy of American society , the insurance cartel .
Mr. Grassley of Iowa has lied , and fomented panic and fear .
Mr. DeMint of South Carolina has forgotten he represents people , and not just a political party .
Mr. Baucus of Montana has operated as a virtual agent for the industry he is charged with regulating .
Mr. Nelson of Nebraska has not only derailed reform , he has tried to exploit it to overturn a Supreme Court decision that , in this context , is frankly none of his goddamned business .
They say they have done what they have done for the most important , the most fiscally prudent , the most gloriously phrased , the most inescapable of reasons .
But mostly they have done it for the money .
Lots and lots of money from the insurance companies and the pharmacological companies and the other health care companies who have slowly taken this country over .
Which brings us to Mr. Lieberman of Connecticut , the one man at the center of this farcical perversion of what a government is supposed to be .
Out of pique , out of revenge , out of betrayal of his earlier wiser saner self , he has sold untold hundreds of thousands of us into pain and fear and privation and slavery -- for money .
He has been bought and sold by the insurance lobby .
He has become a Senatorial prostitute .
And sadly , the President has not provided the leadership his office demands .
He has badly misjudged the country 's mood at all ends of the spectrum .
There is no middle to coalesce here , Sir .
There are only the uninformed , the bought - off , and the vast suffering majority for whom the urgency of now is a call from a collection agency or a threat of rescission of policy or a warning of expiration of services .
Sir , your hands - off approach , while nobly intended and perhaps yet some day applicable to the reality of an improved version of our nation , enabled the national humiliation that was the Town Halls and the insufferable Neanderthalian stupidity of Congressman Wilson and the street - walking of Mr. Lieberman .
Instead of continuing this snipe - hunt for the endangered and possibly extinct creature " bipartisanship , " you need to push the Republicans around or cut them out or both .
You need to threaten Democrats like Baucus and the others with the ends of their careers in the party .
Instead , those Democrats have threatened you , and the Republicans have pushed you and cut you out .
Mr. President , the line between " compromise " and " compromised " is an incredibly fine one .
Any reform bill enrages the right , and provides it with the war cry around which it will rally its mindless legions in the midterms and in ' 12 .
But this Republican knee - jerk inflexibility provides an incredible opportunity to you , Sir , and an incredible license .
On April 6th 2003 I was approached by two drunken young men at a baseball game .
One of them started to ask for an autograph .
The other stopped him by shouting " Screw him , he 's a liberal . "
This program had been on the air for three weeks .
It had to that point consisted entirely of brief introductions to correspondents in Iraq or to military analysts .
There had been no criticism , no political analysis , no commentary .
I had not covered news full - time for more than four years .
I could not fathom on what factual basis , I was being called a " liberal , " let alone being sworn at for being such .
Only later did it dawn on me that it did n't matter why , and it did n't matter that they were doing it - it only mattered that if I was going to be mindlessly criticized for anything , the reaction would be identical whether I did nothing that engendered it , or stood for something that engendered it .
Mr. President , they are calling you a socialist , a communist , a Marxist .
You could be further to the right than Reagan - and this health care bill ( as Howard Dean put it here last night , this bailout for the insurance industry ) sure invites the comparison .
And they will still call you names .
Sir , if they are going to call you a socialist no matter what you do , you have been given full unfettered freedom to do what you know is just .
The bill may be the ultimate political manifesto , or it may be the most delicate of compromises .
The firestorm will be the same .
So why not give the haters , as the cliché goes , something to cry about .
But concomitant with that is the reaction from Democrats and Independents .
You have riven them , Sir .
Any bill will engender criticism but this bill costs you the left -- and anybody who now has to pony up 17 percent of his family 's income to buy this equivalent of Medical Mobster Protection Money .
Some speaking for you , Sir , have called the public option a fetish .
They may be right .
But to stay with this uncomfortable language , this bill is less fetish , more bondage .
Nothing short of your re-election and the re-election of dozens of Democrats in the house and senate , hinges in large part on this bill .
Make it palatable or make it go away or make yourself ready -- not merely for a horrifying campaign in 2012 -- but for the distinct possibility also of a primary challenge .
Befitting the season , Sir , these are not the shadows of the things that will be , but the shadows of the things that may be .
But at this point , Mr. President , only you can make certain of that .
There is only one redemption possible .
The mandate in this bill under which we are required to buy insurance must be stripped out .
The bill now is little more than a legally mandated delivery of the middle class ( and those whose dreams of joining it slip ever further away ) into a kind of Chicago stockyards of insurance .
Make enough money to take care of yourself and your family and you must buy insurance - on the insurers terms - or face a fine .
This provision must go .
It is , above all else , immoral and a betrayal of the people who elected you , Sir .
You must now announce that you will veto any bill lacking an option or buy - in , but containing a mandate .
And Senator Reid , put the public option back in , or the Medicare Buy - In , or both .
Or single - payer .
Let Lieberman and Ben Nelson and Baucus and the Republicans vote their lack - of - conscience and preclude 60 " ayes . "
Let them commit political suicide instead of you .
Let Mr. Lieberman kill the bill -- then turn to his Republican friends only to find out they hate him more than the Democrats do .
Let him stagger off the public stage , to go work … for the insurance industry .
As if he is not doing that now .
Then , Mr. Reid , take every worthwhile provision of health care reform you legally can , and pass it via reconciliation , when ever and how ever you can -- and by the way , a Medicare Buy - In can be legally passed via reconciliation .
The Senate bill with the mandate must be defeated , if not in the Senate , then in the House .
Health care reform that benefits the industry at the cost of the people is intolerable and there are no moral constructs in which it can be supported .
And if still the bill and this heinous mandate become law there is yet further reaction required .
I call on all those whose conscience urges them to fight , to use the only weapon that will be left to us if this bill becomes law .
We must not buy federally mandated insurance if this cheesy counterfeit of reform is all we can buy .
No single payer ?
No sale .
No public option ?
No sale .
No Medicare buy - in ?
No sale .
I am one of the self - insured , albeit by choice .
And I hereby pledge that I will not buy this perversion of health care reform .
Pass this at your peril , Senators , and sign it at yours , Mr. President .
I will not buy this insurance .
Brand me a lawbreaker if you choose .
Fine me if you will .
Jail me if you must .
But if the Medicare Buy - In goes , but the Mandate stays , the people who fought so hard and so sincerely to bring sanity to this system must kill this mutated version of their dream , because those elected by us to act for us have forgotten what must be the golden rule of health care reform .
It is the same one to which physicians are bound , by oath :
First … do no harm .
Good night , and good luck .
, the pistol - carrying Lebanon mom who received national attention
, was shot to death Wednesday night with her husband in an apparent murder - suicide , police said .
Hain , 31 , and her husband , Scott , 33 , were pronounced dead by Lebanon County Coroner Dr. Jeffrey Yocum shortly after 8:30 p.m. at their home at Second Avenue and East Grant Street , Lebanon , police said .
The couple ’s three children were home at the time and were not injured .
They are staying with relatives and friends , police said .
Neighbor Mark Long said Meleanie baby - sat his 3 - year - old son and that she and Scott had been having marital problems for the last week .
Scott left on Tuesday and Meleanie did not know where he went , but he came back Wednesday , Long said .
Meleanie Hain was thrust into the national spotlight when she took a gun , in plain view and holstered on her hip , to a soccer game Sept. 11 , 2008 , at Optimist Park in Lebanon .
Her permit to carry a gun was revoked by Lebanon County Sheriff Michael DeLeo on Sept. 20 , 2008 .
DeLeo said Hain showed poor judgment in wearing her gun to the game .
Hain ’s permit was reinstated by Lebanon County Judge Robert Eby on Oct. 14 , 2008 , but the judge asked her to conceal it at soccer games .
Hain said she would continue to carry it openly under the Second Amendment .
Hain then filed a lawsuit against DeLeo for $ 1 million in U.S. Middle District Court seeking reimbursement of attorneys ' fees and costs , emotional distress and lost wages .
" She has been stigmatized unfairly , " her attorney , Matthew Weisberg said at the time .
The Brady Center to Prevent Gun Violence then offered to defend DeLeo for free .
Daniel Vice , a senior attorney for the Brady Center , said at the time : " It is a case that calls out for common sense .
...
It ’s ridiculous to bring a gun to a child ’s soccer game . "
A hearing on Hain ’s suit was postponed in May after one of the attorneys in the case was involved in an auto accident .
In an interview with The Patriot - News published Dec. 27 , Hain said : " I am happy being a gun owner . "
She said she had no intention of changing her views on gun ownership and noted her critics had no intention of changing theirs .
She acknowledged the publicity had detrimentally affected her life .
" I have read all sorts of slander , personal attacks , and even threats toward me , my family , and , yes , some specific to my children , " she said in the interview .
" The publicity surrounding me as a person makes me feel awkward and uncomfortable .
As stated previously , I am willing to talk to the press because the issue is so important , but the focus on me , personally , has been difficult because it simply is not about me , " she said .
About the decision to sue DeLeo , Hain said she did it because she was wronged .
" Just the fact that he was wrong is evidenced by the fact that my license was restored to me .
... I am a victim of Sheriff Michael DeLeo’s .
I am a victim of those in society as a direct result of his actions as well .
The way people look at me sometimes when I am out running errands , I feel as if I am wearing a scarlet letter , and really it ’s a Glock 26 . "
Staff writer Monica von Dobeneck contributed to this report .
JREF Swift Blog
Harriet Hall 's Big Big News
Here 's an extremely cool announcement from our friend , Harriet Hall , MD , also known as the SkepDoc .
She publishes regularly here , on Science - Based Medicine , and elsewhere .
She 'll soon add another feather to her authorial cap , the provenance of which is so paradigm - crackingly weird that you 'll barely believe it .
Read below for Harriet 's stunning announcement .
Oprah Winfrey is not a skeptic .
She enthusiastically promoted Rhonda Byrne 's book , The Secret .
She believes we create our own reality .
She lets the medical misinformation and nonsensical opinions of celebrity guests like Suzanne Somers , Christiane Northrup , and Jenny McCarthy go unchallenged .
Her endorsements of potentially dangerous pseudoscientific health advice have been widely criticized .
( For instance , in this recent article in Newsweek . )
So imagine my surprise when I was offered a regular column in O , The Oprah Magazine .
I was so flabbergasted that my flabber remains gasted as I write .
It seems the magazine has a new health and environment editor who reads Skeptic and likes what I write there as The SkepDoc .
I had never actually seen Oprah 's magazine , but I suspected it was not a reliable source of science - based medical information .
I asked for a copy and my prejudice was confirmed by finding an article by Dr. Mehmet
Oz that included recommendations for homeopathy and aromatherapy .
The magazine has a circulation of 2.4 million - only slightly lower than Playboy and TV Guide and over three times that of Scientific American .
My column will begin with the January issue .
It wo n't amount to much .
It is limited to 250 words , under tight editorial control , and restricted to debunking common health myths like the idea that you lose most of your body heat from the head .
But at least there will now be a small corner of Oprah - land that will be guaranteed entirely free of woo - woo .
I think of it as lighting a candle in the dark in memory of Carl Sagan .
- Harriet Hall , MD , The SkepDoc
Many people mistakenly believe that the Immaculate Conception refers to the conception of Jesus Christ .
Jesus ’ conception was most assuredly immaculate — that is , without the stain of sin— but the Immaculate Conception does not refer to Jesus at all .
The Immaculate Conception is a doctrine of the Roman Catholic Church in regards to Mary , Jesus ’ mother .
The official statement of the doctrine reads , “ The blessed Virgin Mary to have been , from the first instant of her conception , by a singular grace and privilege of Almighty God , in view of the merits of Christ Jesus the Savior of Mankind , preserved free from all stain of original sin ” ( Pope Pius IX , , December 1854 ) .
Essentially , the Immaculate Conception is the belief that Mary was protected from original sin , that Mary did not have a sin nature and was , in fact , sinless .
Catholics celebrate the Feast of the Immaculate Conception of the Blessed Virgin Mary on December 8 .
Within Eastern Orthodoxy , December 9 is the date of the Feast of the Conception by St. Anne of the Most Holy Theotokos .
( Anne is Mary ’s mother , according to tradition . )
The Eastern Church does not hold to the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception , although they do consider Mary “ all - holy , ” that is , she never committed a sin .
The Immaculate Conception is not a virgin birth .
Catholics believe Mary was conceived the normal way , but God made her immune from imputed or inherited sin .
For as long as she ’s been in existence , Mary has been free of sin .
This allowed her to be the “ second Eve ” to give birth to the “ second Adam ” ( see 1 Corinthians 15:45 ) .
Overshadowed by the Holy Spirit ( Luke 1:35 ) , Mary was a pure and holy “ ark , ” fit to carry the Son of God .
As the ark of the Lord in Moses ’ day carried the elements of the Old Covenant within it , so Mary carried the Author of the New Covenant within her .
The Roman Catholic Church bases its teaching of the Immaculate Conception on tradition along with a couple passages of Scripture .
One is Genesis 3:15 , the protoevangelium .
There , God speaks to the serpent : “ I will put enmity between you and the woman , and between your offspring and hers . ”
Catholics point to the fact that the conflict between the serpent and the woman is equal to the conflict between the serpent and the woman ’s Offspring , and they explain this by saying the woman ( Mary ) must be as equally sinless as her Offspring ( Christ ) .
The other passage cited by Catholics in support of the Immaculate Conception is Luke 1:28 , “ The angel went to her and said , ‘ Greetings , you who are highly favored !
The Lord is with you . ’”
The Greek word translated “ highly favored ” can be rendered “ favored with grace ” ; thus , according to Catholic dogma , Mary had a superabundance of grace , rendering her sinless , and that ’s why God chose her to bear His Son .
The Roman Catholic Church argues that the Immaculate Conception is necessary because , without it , Jesus would have received His flesh from one who was herself a slave to the devil , whose works Jesus came to destroy ( 1 John 3:8 ) .
Mary , as the mother of the Redeemer , needed for her flesh to be free from the power of sin , and God gave her that privilege .
From her time in the womb , Mary was sanctified because of her special role in bringing the Son of God incarnate into the world .
One problem with the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception is that it is not taught in the Bible .
Even Catholics admit that Scripture does not directly teach the Immaculate Conception .
The Bible nowhere describes Mary as anything but an ordinary human female whom God chose to be the mother of the Lord Jesus Christ .
Mary was undoubtedly a godly woman ( Luke 1:28 ) .
Mary was surely a wonderful wife and mother .
Jesus definitely loved and cherished His mother ( John 19:27 ) .
But the Bible gives us no reason to believe that Mary was sinless .
In fact , the Bible gives us every reason to believe that Jesus Christ is the only Person who was not “ infected ” by sin and never committed a sin ( see Ecclesiastes 7:20 ; Romans 3:23 ; 2 Corinthians 5:21 ; 1 Peter 2:22 ; 1 John 3:5 ) .
The doctrine of the Immaculate Conception is neither biblical nor necessary .
Jesus was miraculously conceived inside Mary , who was a virgin at the time .
That is the biblical doctrine of the virgin birth .
The Bible never hints that there was anything significant about Mary ’s conception .
Mary is not an exception to the Bible ’s statement that “ all have sinned ” ( Romans 3:23 ) .
Mary needed a Savior just like the rest of us ( Luke 1:47 ) .
Nick Veasey / Getty Images
Allow a laboratory mouse to run as much as it likes , and its brainpower improves .
Force it to run harder than it otherwise might , and its thinking improves even more .
This is the finding of an experiment led by researchers at National Cheng Kung University in Taiwan and placed online in May .
In the study , scientists had two groups of mice swim a water maze and in a separate trial had them endure an unpleasant stimulus to see how quickly they would learn to move away from it .
For the next four weeks they allowed one group of mice to run inside their rodent wheels , an activity most mice enjoy , while requiring the other group to push harder on minitreadmills at a speed and duration controlled by the scientists .
They then tested both groups again to track their learning skills and memory .
Both groups of mice performed admirably in the water maze , bettering their performances from the earlier trial .
But only the treadmill runners were better in the avoidance task , a skill that , according to brain scientists , demands a more complicated cognitive response .
The mice who raced on the treadmills showed evidence of molecular changes in several portions of their brains when viewed under a microscope , while the voluntary wheel - runners had changes in only one area .
“ Our results support the notion that different forms of exercise induce neuroplasticity changes in different brain regions , ” Chauying J. Jen , a professor of physiology and an author of the study , says .
For some time , researchers have known that exercise changes the structure of the brain and affects thinking .
Ten years ago scientists at the Salk Institute in California published the groundbreaking finding that exercise stimulates the creation of new brain cells .
But fundamental questions remain , like whether exercise must be strenuous to be beneficial .
Should it be aerobic ?
What about weight lifting ?
And are the cognitive improvements permanent or fleeting ?
Other recent studies provide some preliminary answers .
In an experiment published in the journal of the American College of Sports Medicine , 21 students at the University of Illinois were asked to memorize a string of letters and then pick them out from a list flashed at them .
Then they were asked to do one of three things for 30 minutes — sit quietly , run on a treadmill or lift weights — before performing the letter test again .
After an additional 30 - minute cool down , they were tested once more .
On subsequent days , the students returned to try the other two options .
The students were noticeably quicker and more accurate on the retest after they ran compared with the other two options , and they continued to perform better when tested after the cool down .
“ There seems to be something different about aerobic exercise , ” Charles Hillman , an associate professor in the department of kinesiology at the University of Illinois and an author of the study , says .
Similarly , in other work by scientists at the University of Illinois , elderly people were assigned a six - month program of either stretching exercises or brisk walking .
The stretchers increased their flexibility but did not improve on tests of cognition .
The brisk walkers did .
Why should exercise need to be aerobic to affect the brain ?
“ It appears that various growth factors must be carried from the periphery of the body into the brain to start a molecular cascade there , ” creating new neurons and brain connections , says Henriette van Praag , an investigator in the Laboratory of Neurosciences at the National Institute on Aging .
For that to happen , “ you need a fairly dramatic change in blood flow , ” like the one that occurs when you run or cycle or swim .
Weight lifting , on the other hand , stimulates the production of “ growth factors in the muscles that stay in the muscles and are n’t transported to the brain , ” van Praag says .
What then of the Taiwanese mice , all of which ran ?
According to the investigators , mice on a running wheel “ usually show little improvements in the conventionally defined ” measurements of fitness , like elevated muscle strength and improved aerobic capacity .
They enjoy themselves ; they do n’t strain .
Those on the treadmill , meanwhile , are forced to pant and puff .
Jen says researchers suspect that treadmill running is more intense and leads to improvements in “ muscle aerobic capacity , ” and this increased aerobic capacity , in turn , affects the brain more than the wheel jogging .
Does this mean we should relinquish control of our workouts to a demanding coach ?
Jen cautions against assuming human bodies work exactly like those of rats .
But there are lessons from his work .
“ It would be fair to say that any form of regular exercise , ” he says , if it is aerobic , “ should be able to maintain or even increase our brain functions . ”
Charlie Sheen released from the Pitkin County Jail on bail
Actor Charlie
Sheen spent much of Christmas Day in a cell after being accused of domestic violence .
Police arrested the 44 - year - old Platoon and Wall Street star on Friday morning after an emergency call from a house in the ski resort of Aspen , Colorado .
An ambulance went to the house , but no - one was taken to hospital .
Police said the Two and a Half Men TV sitcom star was suspected of assault , menacing and criminal mischief .
He was released on $ 8,500 ( £ 5,300 ) bail .
Mr Sheen is the son of actor Martin Sheen and brother of actor - director Emilio Estevez .
He was married in May 2008 to Brooke Mueller Sheen , a property investor who gave birth to the couple 's first children , twin boys , in March .
Two and a Half Men has proven one of US TV's most popular sitcoms and made Charlie Sheen America 's highest paid TV star in 2008 .
It is not the actor 's first brush with the law .
He was arrested in 1996 for assaulting a woman , who claimed she had been knocked unconscious at his home .
He was also the only star named as a client of " Hollywood Madam " Heidi Fleiss , testifying at her trial that he had paid her $ 50,000 for escorts .
Mr Sheen ended up in hospital in 1998 following a drug overdose and checked into rehab on his release .
Subsequently arrested for drinking and drug driving , he went back to rehab on doctor 's orders .
Advancing technology and medical procedures have introduced new and better types of cosmetic surgery .
Techniques have expanded to take care of the requirements of aging men and women .
Not happy with the way you look right now , then you have available different surgeries to help you find the right benefits for you .
But you need to know what is currently available to make a decision for having cosmetic surgery .
One such treatment out of all the possibilities is known as Botox .
Though Botox does not offer permanent cosmetic surgery , it does provide a possible solution for anyone dealing with an aging and wrinkling face .
Botox is a method to remove wrinkles commonly found in the face and neck area .
It has become increasingly popular over the past decade in the cosmetic surgery field .
Botox is a natural protein that is produced by a bacterium .
Botox can remove wrinkles , strain lines , and other problems with the skin .
Botox can also efficiently treat all areas of the face .
It started being used for lines above the forehead that moved either vertically or horizontally .
It was also used to remove crow ’s feet that normally appear on the sides of the eyes .
Now , Botox has also been shown to help remove lines around the lip area , chin , and neck .
Botox treatments can be given to all of these areas on the same visit which is a huge benefit and time saver .
Botox also helps relieve contracting muscles in the face and neck area .
It is injected in small quantities into the area where the wrinkles are to be removed .
The injection is painless and you can see the results in about three days .
However , it is a temporary solution and commonly begins to disappear after about four months .
So you would need to get your face retreated with Botox approximately every four months .
This can be done as many times as you want to with your doctor ’s approval however .
Botox , even though effective , is not a substitute for other more permanent cosmetic surgeries .
Because it is a temporary solution and it does not permanently alter the face , it is often considered a separate cosmetic surgery .
It also does not affect anything other than the wrinkles on the face .
Bags and drooping eyelids need something different and that requires a separate surgery .
Botox is a new and growing treatment for anyone who wishes to improve lines that are on their face .
Using Botox , you are able to change the wrinkles that appear on your lips , neck , eyes , or forehead area .
If you are thinking about using Botox , it is wise to first learn about the procedure and the possible side affects .
Understanding how Botox works is an important step in making up your mind if it is a cosmetic surgery procedure that will be worthwhile for you .
Free Women And Beauty Secrets Related Sites
Free All Women And Beauty Secrets
Women And Beauty Secrets
3 easy steps to get that perfect tan using self tanning sprays
Acne Prevention : Should I See A Dermatologist ?
Alcohol : Health Benefit or Health Risk ?
Bathing With Essential Oils From Herbs
Breast Enlargement Pills Herbal Ingredients Plant Estrogen
Cosmetic Surgery – A review of facial surgery , with personal experiences .
Finding and Interviewing the Right Cosmetic Dentist
Natural Health Choices For Women
Tips And Tricks
When Buying Salon Equipment
Yes , the weather outside is frightful , and soon you will have to think about shoveling snow .
But should you be the one doing the work ?
Who should and should not shovel snow , and how can you do it safely ?
Every winter , approximately 1,200 Americans die from a heart attack or another type of cardiac incident during or after a snowstorm , and shoveling snow is often the triggering event .
Sometimes rushing outside to remove the snow so you can get out can result in a trip you had not planned on taking — to the emergency department .
According to the Harvard Heart Letter , several things happen when people shovel snow , and they tend to place a great deal of stress on the body , especially the heart .
One is that shoveling involves the arms and shoulders , and upper body exercise places strain on the heart because those muscles typically are not well conditioned .
Because shoveling in an upright position causes blood to pool in the legs and feet , the heart must work harder to maintain blood pressure .
Shoveling snow is hard work , but much of it involves isometric exercise until you actually toss a shovelful of snow into a pile or up onto the bank .
During isometric exercise , heart rate increases and blood vessels constrict in an attempt to send more blood to your working muscles .
This causes blood pressure to rise .
Advertisement
Follow eMaxHealth on YouTube , Twitter and Facebook Please , click to subscribe to our Youtube Channel to be notified about upcoming health and food tips .
Do you hold your breath while shoveling ?
Many people do and do not realize it .
In fact , shovelers often bear down while they hold their breath , a combination that can lead to rapid changes in blood pressure and heart beat .
The Harvard Heart Letter advises anyone who has a heart condition to avoid shoveling snow under any circumstances .
People who are older than 50 , who smoke , have high blood pressure , are overweight , or who are on chemotherapy also should not shovel .
If you believe you are a candidate for snow shoveling , do not attempt to dig out first thing in the morning .
That ’s when your stress hormone levels are typically higher and platelets in the blood are more likely to clump together , which is a recipe for a heart attack .
Before venturing outside , spend five minutes doing light stretching exercises , dress in layers , wear a hat and gloves , avoid caffeine and nicotine for at least one hour before shoveling snow , and do not drink alcohol for several hours prior to shoveling .
Once outside , shovel in a leisurely fashion , take frequent rest breaks , and drink fluids ( water , no caffeine or alcohol ) to avoid dehydration .
Do not attempt to remove deep snow with one huge shovel full of snow : skim a few inches off the top and work your way down .
Avoid throwing snow to either side or over your shoulder .
Instead , use a shovel with a small scoop and walk to where you want to put the snow .
If your clothing or feet get wet , go inside and change .
If at any time you experience chest pain , palpitations , unusual shortness of breath , fatigue , lightheadedness , or nausea , stop shoveling and go inside .
When you have finished shoveling , do some light stretching to cool down .
Avoid drinking caffeine or smoking tobacco for at least an hour after shoveling , as they can elevate your blood pressure and heart rate , increasing your risk for a heart attack .
Smoking also raises carbon monoxide levels , which hinders the delivery of oxygen to the heart muscle .
Should you be shoveling snow ?
It ’s a question that everyone should ask themselves when the white stuff begins to accumulate on their driveway and sidewalks .
The better questions might be , Will you risk your health if you do shovel snow ?
Would you be better off letting someone else do the shoveling for you ?
SOURCES :
American Heart Association
Harvard Heart Letter
Medecins Sans Frontieres / Doctors Without Borders ( MSF ) has launched a series of web videos which tell the stories of people in Congo , an African country that has seen violence and human rights atrocities of phenomenal scale during an ongoing civil war .
The online shorts are part of a larger MSF campaign called Condition : Critical .
I asked Pete Masters of MSF to tell us more about the videos .
His response below , and links to all videos after the jump .
Condition : Critical was launched one year ago by Medecins Sans Frontieres / Doctors Without Borders ( MSF ) to bring to the world 's attention the plight of the people living through the war in Eastern Congo ( DRC ) .
BUT , rather than MSF at the focal point , it is the people and their stories that take centre stage .
In this , the last chapter of the Condition : Critical project , listen to the stories of four people telling how the conflict has affected their lives .
Francoise ( in the video above ) was locked in her hut when they came and set it alight .
Although she escaped , her sons did not make it ; one she could not save from the fire and the other died in hospital .
Although she is horribly burnt , she tells how it is the hurt in her heart that really affects her .
Bahati is far from his village which he cannot return to because of the ongoing violence .
He talks about how he now works as a lumberjack , trying to make enough money to survive while teaching anyone who wants to learn so they might also have a means of survival .
Carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) is frequently in the news because its production from burning fossil fuels causes increased levels of the gas in the Earth 's atmosphere .
CO2 , along with a range of other greenhouse gases , is often implicated in global warming .
But what is its role in the greenhouse effect ?
Scientist Dr Maggie Aderin- Pocock from EADS Astrium visits the Royal Institution 's new Young Scientist Centre to carry out a simple experiment that shows how CO2 traps heat .
When I heard the news this morning , I thought " Christ , five in one go ... "
I was shocked and saddened – but I was not surprised that it had happened .
I 'm surprised it took this long .
We went out to Helmand to mentor the Afghan National Police without understanding the level they were at .
We thought we would be arresting people , helping them to police efficiently .
Instead we were literally training them how to point a gun on the ranges , and telling them why you should not stop cars and demand " taxes " .
Most of them were corrupt and took drugs , particularly opium .
The lads would go into police stations at night and they would be stoned ; sometimes they would fire indiscriminately at nothing .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
They had no understanding of the basics of what it means to be a policeman .
We expected to be teaching adults at a certain level and then realised we would be changing nappies .
Give them 20 rounds and they will hit the target once .
The first time I saw them I realised that they had almost no training ; some of them had very little ability .
Their uniforms were dirty and did n't fit .
Their weapon - cleaning was non-existent .
They certainly did n't have a concept of being upstanding members of the community .
They had no loyalty , esprit de corps or cameraderie .
That should have been incorporated in their training .
They did have pride – because of the power and status they felt .
How do you train this band of idiots and turn them into a force to be reckoned with if they have no sense of loyalty , no sense of belonging ?
The biggest problem was that we did n't know who we were getting .
There were no security checks – they were literally allowed to come into the compound and we had to rely on the local chief of police , who recruited them .
We kept a close eye on them because we did n't know or trust them – it was for our own security .
Perhaps half of them genuinely wanted to try to make the community safe : they had the right intention but the attention span of gnats .
Twenty would turn up one day , none the next , then 15 , then suddenly a new face would appear .
It was difficult just getting them to a basic level , to do things like man a post .
They would take drugs , go to sleep , leave their post , have sex with each other .
Very few were vigilant or alert .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
When we went out of camp to do stop - and - searches , we became sitting ducks – nothing more than bodyguards or babysitters while they worked .
British troops felt extremely vulnerable .
If they were going out on patrol they did n't tell the Afghans where , so they could n't pass on the information – they did n't want improvised explosive devices ( IEDs ) laid in the area .
They did n't trust them one bit .
There was an operation involving the Brits and the Afghan National Army to clear Nad-e - Ali , and it cost lives .
The police were left at checkpoints , but within 48 hours all the checkpoints had been overrun or the police just buggered off .
As soon as the ground was won it was lost again .
The Afghan army are a lot more switched on .
They have started to stand up for themselves .
But the police have not had the same investment .
There is no point in pushing the army through to clear ground if you leave a void behind with the police .
Lives get lost for nothing .
The Afghan police are very good at understanding the environment and if the atmospherics have changed because they are local : they know the area and the people .
They are also good at spotting IEDs , although some just pick them up and walk off with them , or put them into the back of their vehicle .
Progress is being made , but it is extremely slow .
I am convinced that a lot of money has been wasted and people have lost their lives unnecessarily because it was for a political end , and not a military decision .
The British Army has been pushed into doing something it should not be .
This type of mentoring role could be fulfilled by our Ministry of Defence police or civilian coppers ( in a secure compound ) .
A lot could be done without putting British soldiers ' lives at risk .
They should recruit the right Afghans , security check them , pay them regularly and train them properly – at least three months out of the area – all before the squaddie ever gets to see them .
The author 's identity has been withheld
The overwhelming popularity of zombies may be a relatively recent phenomenon , but in alternate timelines , zombie attacks have been a problem for centuries .
These alternate history maps outline the geography these undead epidemics and the measures taken to combat them .
Earlier this fall , AlternateHistory.com held a map - making contest detailing the effects of zombie outbreaks , vampire migrations and other supernatural events in alternate history .
Among the entries is a map of the Scourge from Pride and Prejudice and Zombies and a few other standouts ( recommended by Metafilter ) .
Advertisement
[ AlternateHistory.com via Metafilter ]
Advertisement
The Scourge of 1866
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Essex County Cricket ( & Zombie Eradication ) Club
Advertisement
The Great Golem Uprising of 1848 — A non-zombie entry .
From the “ it ’s weather not climate department ” – I never thought I ’d see this today on the header of the Houston Chronicle :
The snow is the earliest on record .
Of note is the fact that in 2008 , it snowed in Houston on December 10th .
Place your bets for next year .
Houston braces for about 2 inches of snow
Some in Houston area may even see half a foot of the white stuff
By ERIC BERGER and PEGGY O’HARE
HOUSTON CHRONICLE
Houston this morning broke a record with the earliest snowfall ever recorded in the city ’s history .
Forecasters are still hedging their bets on the amount , but say the most likely scenario is 1 to 2 inches of widespread snowfall through the day .
Some areas could get up to a half a foot .
Light snow already was falling downtown and in other areas before 8:30 a.m .
Other forms of precipitation — such as rain , freezing , rain , sleet and hail — also have been reported .
Houston ’s main weather recording station at Bush Intercontinental Airport reported at trace of snow at 8 a.m. , meaning Dec. 4 will go down as the new record .
But emergency management officials say snow is n’t the biggest concern — it ’s icy roads .
A 12 - hour freeze period is expected to begin after sundown today , continuing into Saturday , which could cause hazardous driving conditions .
A freeze warning has been issued for more than 20 Texas counties , including the coastal counties of Chambers , Galveston , Brazoria , Matagorda and Jackson , extending northward through Harris , Montgomery , Fort Bend , Wharton and Liberty counties , then stretching as far northwest as the cities of Bryan and College Station and as far northeast as Trinity and Polk counties .
“ Even though we ca n’t say for sure this weather event is going to occur , we can definitely say our confidence has increased substantially compared to three or four days ago , ” said Fred Schmude , a meteorologist with ImpactWeather , a private , Houston - based forecasting service .
==================
In other news :
Dr. James Hansen is coming to Houston to promote his new book Storms of my Grandchilden .
Is he thinking snowstorms ?
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
ISLAMABAD ( Reuters ) - Pakistan ’s Supreme Court ordered authorities on Wednesday toallow transvestites and eunuchs to identify themselves as a distinct gender as part of a move to ensure their rights , a lawyer said .
Known by the term “ hijra ” in conservative Muslim Pakistan , transvestites , eunuchs and hermaphrodites are generally shunned by society .
They often live together in slum communities and survive by begging and dancing at carnivals and weddings .
Some are also involved in prostitution .
Iftikhar Chaudhry , chief justice of Pakistan , ordered the government to give national identity cards to members of the community showing their distinct gender and to take steps to ensure that they were not harassed .
“ The government ’s registration authority has been directed to include a separate column in national identity cards showing them as hijras , ” Mohammad Aslam Khaki , a lawyer for hijras told Reuters .
“ By doing so , they think they will get a distinct identity and it will help them get their rights . ”
A hijra association welcomed Chaudhry ’s order , saying it would ease their suffering .
“ It ’s the first time in the 62 - year history of Pakistan that such steps are being taken for our welfare , ” the association ’s president , who goes by the name Almas Bobby , told Reuters .
“ It ’s a major step towards giving us respect and identity in society .
We are slowly getting respect in society .
Now people recognise that we are also human beings . ”
Khaki said the court also ordered the government to evolve a mechanism to ensure that hijras are not harassed and also take steps to ensure their inheritance rights .
Hijras are often denied places in schools or admittance to hospitals and landlords often refuse to rent or sell property to them .
Their families often deny them their fair share of inherited property .
Hijras are both feared and pitied in Pakistan .
They are feared for their supposed ability to put curses on people while they are pitied as they are widely viewed as the outcast children of Allah .
The number of hijras in Pakistan is not known but community leaders estimate there are about 300,000 of them .
In June , the Supreme Court ordered the government to set up a commission to conduct a census of hijras .
WASHINGTON  Striking a populist tone , several of President Obama ’s leading advisers on Sunday issued stern warnings to Wall Street .
They said big banks must not resist greater government oversight now that they have regained their financial footing through taxpayer financed bailouts .
Rahm Emanuel , the White House chief of staff , said Americans “ have a right to be frustrated and angry ” at reports that a year after the government used $ 700 billion to save major lending institutions from collapse , Wall Street appears poised to hand out another round of hefty bonuses .
Mr. Emanuel also scolded banks for turning around as soon as they became healthy and fighting against the regulations the president and his supporters in Congress deem necessary to head off the same kind of financial crisis in the future .
“ The risks that they took , took the economy to a place , it was near a depression , ” Mr. Emanuel said in an appearance on “ State of the Union ” on CNN , referring to the financial institutions .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Conservation workers in New Zealand have attempted to coax pilot whales back into the sea , after they got stranded on a beach .
Hundreds of volunteers tried to keep the mammals wet throughout the day .
Around 125 whales died , whilst 43 others managed to swim free from Colville Beach on the North Island 's Coromandel peninsula .
This beautiful looking CGI animated short created by Rodrigo Blaas is fantastically frightening and an incredibly disturbing Holiday treat .
If you want to scare the kids away from toys this holiday season and possibly forever then this is video to show them .
Hope you enjoy this incredibly cute short .
Brilliant .
Alma from Rodrigo Blaas on Vimeo .
The human mind is a fascinating thing – and a great source for lists on the bizarre !
For those who do n’t know , we have three previously published lists of disorders .
So before reading this one , you should check them out !
I should also mention that this list was inspired by a list of potential topics sent in by Mon .
Top 10 Bizarre Mental Disorders
Another 10 Bizarre Mental Disorders
10 More Incredibly Bizarre Mental Disorders .
10 Zoosadism
Zoosadism is a term coined by Ernest Borneman referring to pleasure ( sometimes sexual pleasure ) derived from cruelty to animals .
Zoosadism is part of the Macdonald triad , a set of three behaviors that are a precursor to sociopathic behavior – so next time you see a kid being cruel to an animal , remember that he is a potential future serial killer !
In general , the link between sadistic sexual acts with animals and sadistic practices with humans or lust murders has been heavily researched .
Some murderers tortured animals in their childhood , with some of them also practicing bestiality .
One study found that 36 % of sexual murderers described themselves as having abused animals during childhood , with 46 % of them reporting that they had abused animals during adolescence , and that eight of their sample of thirty - six sexual murderers showed an interest in zoosexual acts .
9 Schizotypal Disorder
Schizotypal personality disorder is a personality disorder that is characterized by a need for social isolation , odd behavior and thinking , and often unconventional beliefs .
Some of the symptoms of the disorder are :
1 . Odd beliefs or magical thinking that influences behavior and is inconsistent with subcultural norms ( e.g. , superstitiousness , bizarre fantasies or preoccupations )
2. Suspiciousness or paranoid ideation
3 . Behavior or appearance that is odd , eccentric , or peculiar ( that sounds like half of listverse to me ! )
4. Obsessive thoughts containing excessive aggression or sexual contents
8 Autassassinophilia
There is not a great deal of information about for this disorder , but I can assure you – it is weird !
A person who suffers from autassassinophilia needs to put himself into a position of danger in order to become sexually aroused .
The unfortunate upshot to this disorder , is that it is not entirely uncommon for the sufferer to die in the process !
7 Folie à Deux
Folie à deux ( from the French for “ a madness shared by two ” ) is a rare psychiatric syndrome in which a symptom of psychosis is transmitted from one person to another .
The same syndrome shared by more than two people may be called folie à trois , folie à quatre , folie en famille ( family madness ) or even folie à plusieurs ( “ madness of many ” ) .
Here is a rather bizarre case study of a couple suffering from this disorder : Margaret and her husband Michael , both aged 34 years , were discovered to be suffering from folie à deux when they were both found to be sharing similar persecutory delusions .
They believed that certain persons were entering their house , spreading dust and fluff and “ wearing down their shoes ” .
Both had , in addition , other symptoms supporting a diagnosis of paranoid psychosis , which could be made independently in either case .
This disorder usually happens with people living in close proximity to one another – such as husbands and wives .
6 Münchausen by Proxy
Münchausen syndrome by proxy ( MSbP ) is a disorder in which a person deliberately causes injury or illness to another person ( most often his or her child ) usually to gain attention or some other benefit .
Münchausen by proxy has been described by some as a form of extended child abuse .
The motivation is to assume the sick role by proxy .
It involves physical abuse and medical neglect .
The caregiver is usually a parent , guardian , or spouse , and the victim is usually a child or vulnerable adult .
Most cases involve inducing physical illness ; however , it is also possible for a perpetrator to simulate or fabricate conditions that appear to be psychiatric or genetic problems .
This disorder can lead to the tragic death of the child .
5 Hybristophilia
Hybristophilia is a paraphilia involving being sexually aroused or attracted to people who have committed an outrage or a gruesome crime .
In popular culture , this phenomenon is also known as “ Bonnie and Clyde Syndrome ” .
Many high - profile criminals , particularly those who have committed atrocious crimes , receive “ fan mail ” in prison which is sometimes amorous or sexual , presumably as a result of this phenomenon .
In some cases , admirers of these criminals have gone on to marry the object of their affections in prison .
Just weird .
Pictured above is Carol Anne Boone who married Ted Bundy .
4 Vaginismus
Vaginismus is a condition which affects a woman ’s ability to engage in any form of vaginal penetration , including sexual intercourse , insertion of tampons , and the penetration involved in gynecological examinations .
This is the result of a conditioned reflex of the pubococcygeus muscle , which is sometimes referred to as the “ PC muscle ” .
The reflex causes the muscles in the vagina to tense suddenly , which makes any kind of vaginal penetration — including sexual intercourse — either painful or impossible .
This disorder illustrates the power of the mind over the body as it is psychological and normally treated with therapy .
The three most common contributing factors to vaginismus are fear of painful sex ; the belief that sex is wrong or shameful ( often the case with patients who had a strict religious upbringing ) ; and traumatic early childhood experiences ( not necessarily sexual in nature ) .
3 Telephonicophilia
An obscene phone call is an unsolicited telephone call where the caller receives sexual pleasure by delivering sexual or foul language to an unknown called party .
Making obscene telephone calls for sexual pleasure is known as telephone scatalogia ( or telephonicophilia ) and is theorized as a form of exhibitionism .
It is usually classed as a paraphilia from a medical viewpoint , in the DSM under the heading “ Paraphilias Not Otherwise Specified ” , although from the viewpoint of the recipient of the calls , it is generally considered to be both a form of sexual harassment and a form of stalking .
In some US states , making obscene telephone calls is a Class 1 Misdemeanor .
2 Frotteurism
Frotteurism refers to a paraphilic interest in rubbing , usually one ’s pelvis or erect penis , against a non-consenting person for sexual gratification .
It may involve touching any part of the body including the genital area .
A person who practices frotteurism is known as a frotteur .
The majority of frotteurs are male and the majority of victims are female , although female on male , female on female , and male on male frotteurs exist .
Adult on child frotteurism can be an early stage in child sexual abuse .
This activity is often done in circumstances where the victim cannot easily respond , in a public place such as a crowded train or concert .
1 Derealization
Derealization is an alteration in the perception or experience of the external world so that it seems strange or unreal .
Other symptoms include feeling as though one ’s environment is lacking in spontaneity , emotional coloring and depth .
Individuals who suffer from derealization may complain that what they see lacks vividness and emotional coloring .
Emotional response to visual recognition of loved ones may be significantly reduced .
Feelings of déjà vu or jamais vu are common .
Familiar places may look alien , bizarre , and surreal .
The world as perceived by the individual may feel like it is going through a dolly zoom effect .
Such perceptual abnormalities may also extend to the senses of hearing , taste , and smell .
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution - ShareAlike License ; additional terms may apply .
Text is derived from Wikipedia .
Invetech has delivered what it calls the " world`s first production model 3D bio- printer " to Organovo , developers of the proprietary NovoGen bioprinting technology .
Organovo will in turn supply the devices to institutions investigating human tissue repair and organ replacement .
Keith Murphy , CEO of Organovo , based in San Diego , said the units represent a breakthrough because they provide for the first time a flexible technology platform for organizations working on many different types of tissue construction and organ replacement .
“ Scientists and engineers can use the 3D bio printers to enable placing cells of almost any type into a desired pattern in 3D , ” Murphy said .
“ Researchers can place liver cells on a preformed scaffold , support kidney cells with a co-printed scaffold , or form adjacent layers of epithelial and stromal soft tissue that grow into a mature tooth .
Ultimately the idea would be for surgeons to have tissue on demand for various uses , and the best way to do that is get a number of bio-printers into the hands of researchers and give them the ability to make three dimensional tissues on demand . ”
The 3D bio-printers include an intuitive software interface that allows engineers to build a model of the tissue construct before the printer commences the physical constructions of the organs cell - by - cell using automated , laser - calibrated print heads .
“ Building human organs cell - by - cell was considered science fiction not that long ago , " said Fred Davis , president of Invetech , which has offices in San Diego and Melbourne .
" Through this clever combination of technology and science we have helped Organovo develop an instrument that will improve people ’s lives , making the regenerative medicine that Organovo provides accessible to people around the world . ”
Science fiction , indeed .
Artificial organs have been a science fiction staple since writer Philip K. Dick wrote about artiforgs ( artificial organs ) in his 1964 novel Cantata 140 and Larry Niven 's artificially grown organs in his 1968 novel A Gift From Earth .
This Science Fiction in the News story used with permission of Technovelgy.com .
© Tom Toles
It you think it is bad now having to kiss Lieberman ’s tushie in order to get 60 votes , just wait until after the midterms .
For discussions on the community .
Forums Last Post Topics Posts
Welcome Center 1 2 3 4 6 Introduce yourself and meet other members here !
April 3 , 2012
7:57 pm by
megasplosion
71 319
Blog entry suggestions and drafts
Post suggestions for blog entry topics or even draft whole entries !
September 15 , 2010
12:43 pm by
J. Simmons
4 7
Graphics , animation and film Post your CSTART or CSTART - related graphics , animations and films here !
May 1 , 2010
5:37 pm by
Rocket - To - The - Moon
2 10
Home Bytecodes meet Combinators : invokedynamic on the JVM Bytecodes meet Combinators : invokedynamic on the JVM .
John Rose .
VMIL'09 .
The Java Virtual Machine ( JVM ) has been widely adopted in part because of its classfile format , which is portable , compact , modular , verifiable , and reasonably easy to work with .
However , it was designed for just one languageâ € ” Javaâ € ” and so when it is used to express programs in other source languages , there are often â€œpain pointsâ€  which retard both development and execution .
The most salient pain points show up at a familiar place , the method call site .
To generalize method calls on the JVM , the JSR 292 Expert Group has designed a new invokedynamic instruction that provides user - defined call site semantics .
In the chosen design , invokedynamic serves as a hinge - point between two coexisting kinds of intermediate language : bytecode containing dynamic call sites , and combinator graphs specifying call targets .
A dynamic compiler can traverse both representations simultaneously , producing optimized machine code which is the seamless union of both kinds of input .
As a final twist , the user - defined linkage of a call site may change , allowing the code to adapt as the application evolves over time .
The result is a system balancing the conciseness of bytecode with the dynamic flexibility of function pointers .
The abstract is pretty vague , but this paper is actually quite interesting , particularly if you 're interested in meta - object protocols and if , like me , you do n't have the interest or patience to read JSRs .
Of course , invokedynamic has been discussed many times over the years .
The wheels of Java turn slowly ...
Comment viewing options
Flat list - collapsed Flat list - expanded Threaded list - collapsed Threaded list - expanded Date - newest first Date - oldest first Select your preferred way to display the comments and click " Save settings " to activate your changes .
Besides making beer and wine , there are many other things that we like to make !
Make your own Cheese Cider or even roast your own Coffee .
You 'll find our Books , Clothing Glassware and gift cards here as well .
" We think it is a British trick to point at Ashton while really preparing the ground for someone or something else , " said a French official .
" She has little experience and is a bizarre choice .
It would be a sign that European diplomacy is downgraded to an economic policy post . "
On a 1,000 - mile journey from the Himalayas to the Bay of Bengal , the Guardian finds clear evidence of the terrible threat that global warming now poses to the millions who rely on water from the roof of the world
Way above us in the Himalayan cloud are jagged , snowbound peaks – Annapurna , Damodar , Gangapurna , Dhalguri .
Below us is the Thulagi glacier , a river of ancient ice snaking steeply down the Marshyangdi valley from near the top of Mount Manasulu .
The small plane banks and skims a lonely pass and we find what we have been looking for : at Thulagi 's snout is a milk - blue lake marked on few maps .
It has doubled in size in just a few years and is held back only by a low wall of dead ice and earth .
If Thulagi carries on melting at the present rate , nothing will stop billions of litres of water bursting through this natural dam and devastating villages , farmland and everything below .
Thulagi is one of 20 steadily growing glacial lakes in Nepal which mountain communities and scientists fear will inevitably rupture if the growth in greenhouse gas emissions is not stemmed by world leaders at the Copenhagen climate summit .
Average temperatures across Nepal have risen 1.6C in 50 years – twice the global average .
But here on the roof of the world , in what is called the " third pole " , they are already nearly 4C above normal and on track to rise by as much as 8C by 2050 .
Temperature rises like this in the Himalayas would be a catastrophe .
It is not just the future of a few mountain communities at stake but the lives of nearly one in four people in the world , all of whom rely on the Himalayas for water .
Nepalese rivers alone provide water for 700 million people in India and Bangladesh .
" If there is less snow in the Himalayas , or the monsoon rains weaken , or the glaciers melt with climate change , then all south Asian farming , industry , water supplies and cities will suffer , " said Nepalese climate specialist Ngamindra Dahal .
On a 1,000 - mile journey from the world 's greatest water source in the Himalayas , down rivers and then by train through Nepal , India and Bangladesh to the Bay of Bengal , we saw evidence of profound changes in weather patterns right across south Asia .
Wherever we went we were told of significant temperature increases , and found governments slowly waking up to the threat of climate change and communities having to respond in any way they could to erratic rains and more serious droughts , floods and storms .
The starting point was Jomsom , a small town in the Kali Gandaki valley , 2,300 metres high and at the heart of the Annapurna range .
This remote town , which saw its first ever car last year , has experienced no snowfall this winter .
The temperature soared way above normal to 27C , and only fell to 13C , against a usual - 4C , while the snowline has risen above 5,000 metres .
The Gandaki river , fed by 1,200 glaciers , flows to the Ganges and on to Bangladesh .
" The temperature is higher , so there 's less snow , and less meltwater in spring to plant crops .
People have no need to come down from the mountains in winter .
They can grow chillies and peppers now , " said Sunil Pant , a Nepalese MP .
" But now they can not grow wheat or staple foods . "
It 's the same story even in the Everest valley region , 400 miles to the east of Jomsom , where the snowfall is becoming increasingly unpredictable .
Already , some communities believe they are a living under a death sentence , according to Lucky Sherpa , the MP for the region .
" They say they are not sure there will be a tomorrow , " she said .
" The snow used to come up to your waist in winter .
Now children do not know what snow is .
We have more flies and mosquitoes , more skin diseases .
Communities are adapting by switching crops , but diseases are moving up the mountains , the tea and apple crops are being hurt and wells are drying up . "
Two hundred miles away in Nepal 's capital , Kathmandu , Simon Lucas , a climate change officer at the UK Department for International Development , confirmed that river flows in winter have seriously declined .
" The trends are clearer in Nepal than in other countries , " he said .
" People cannot plant their crops in the spring because the winter snows are not so heavy .
They have always relied on snow and glacier melt " .
Britain last week earmarked £ 50 m for Nepal to adapt to climate change , mainly through investing in its forests , but climate scientists say it faces ever more erratic , intense and unpredictable rainfall .
We found the evidence for that when we headed south towards Nepal 's border with Bihar state in India .
Here the problem is not too little water but far too much ; last year , following torrential monsoon rains , Nepal 's greatest river , the Khosi , broke though two kilometres of embankment and flooded hundreds of square kilometres of farmland .
Nearly 1,500 people died and 3 million people were displaced .
Fifty thousand people in Nepal and many more in India lost their homes , and the river changed its course by more than 150 km .
The Khosi is known as " the river of sorrow " because it often floods , but the scale of what happened last August shocked both Indian and Nepalese governments .
When the waters finally receded , people found vast areas of farmland covered by a 6 ft - deep sea of sand brought down in suspension from the mountains .
Seven months on , the embankment has been repaired but people are devastated and everyone is frightened that this kind of flood will become more common .
" It 's impossible to cultivate anything " , said Ashma Khatoum , a farmer .
" There are no toilets , or clean drinking water .
I do n't believe we will ever get back to normal again . "
We crossed the Indian border and went straight from severe flood to deep drought .
Bihar , one of India 's poorest states , is experiencing one of its worst droughts in a generation .
This year it has had only 15 - 30 % of its usual rains .
Most of the state has been declared a drought zone and 63 million people are expected go hungry next year .
" Climate change is definitely happening , " said Vyas Ji , principal secretary in the department of disaster management in the Bihar state capital , Patna .
" We used to have droughts every four or five years and floods every two to three years .
Now it 's very erratic .
Even the flood - prone districts are facing drought .
Rainfall used to be predictable , limited and beneficial to farmers .
Now it is unpredictable , heavier and harmful .
Now there is no winter .
Farmers are confused .
This was a rice cultivating state but the seedlings get destroyed . "
We headed south again , to Kolkata , one of India 's great cities , which last week was warned again by international scientists that it was acutely vulnerable to sea level rises .
Here temperatures have risen significantly and there are more cases of dengue fever and malaria , said the city mayor , Bikash Bhattacharya .
" Copenhagen is the last chance that the poor have .
If we do not succeed and we go on with business as usual , then the world 's poor people will have a very hard time . "
" Climate change is not the future .
It is now .
Tens of thousands of Indians are already in a critical situation , " said Sugata Hazra , director of Jadavpur University 's school of oceanography in Kolkata .
His researchers have recorded sea levels in the Bay of Bengal rising far faster than the global average , and more cyclones hammering the coast .
The result is the inundation of islands from higher tides and surges .
" The rate of relative sea level rise in the Sagar Islands [ in the Indian Sundarbans ] is 3.14 mm per year , which is substantially more than the global average of 1 - 2 mm per year .
It is up to 5.2 mm in some places .
By 2020 at least 70,000 people will have been made homeless . "
Anurag Danda , head of WWF 's Sundarbans delta programme , appealed to politicians in Copenhagen for help .
" For the people of the Sundarbans , climate change has arrived .
The Maldives gets the attention , but there are many other people facing disaster . "
From Kolkata we headed to the Bangladeshi border .
There , India is building a 15ft fence to keep its neighbours out .
For the moment those wanting to leave are mainly young men seeking work in the booming Indian economy , but in future , say analysts , it could be climate refugees .
Bangladesh is by far the most densely populated large country in the world and , being entirely on a low - lying delta , it is one of the most vulnerable .
It stands to lose 20 % of its land to sea level rise in the next 80 years and is already experiencing more frequent and more intense cyclones .
In the last seven years , four of the most powerful storms ever recorded have slammed its coasts .
Climate change , on top of all its other problems , means Bangladesh faces even deeper problems , said Kim Streatfield , director of the Centre for health and population research at ICDDR , an international research institution in Dhaka .
He fears the combination of climate change and an expected 50 m - 100 m population rise in the next 50 years will devastate the country unless action is taken .
" Increasing salinity in the water will have a major effect on food production , " he said .
" In addition , the water table is dropping two to three metres a year , and one in four wells can be dry in the dry season . "
Our south Asian climate odyssey from source to sea ended south of Chittagong , on the Bay of Bengal .
There , where the waters of the Kali Gandaki , the Ganges and Nepal 's many other rivers reach the ocean , communities are experiencing higher tides and more flooding , as well as the loss of farmland and fishing .
" The sea water now comes right into our houses .
We would all like to move , but there is nowhere to go , " said Geeta Das , a teacher in Bolihut village , near Chittagong .
Her home has been partly washed away and her bed is now just a foot from where the waters reached a few weeks ago .
" We panic when it is cloudy and it is about to rain .
We fear we will lose our children . "
A neighbour , Madhuri Das , said : " We do not need scientists or anyone to tell us things are changing .
We know the sea level is rising .
We have always lived here .
The floods are more frequent and we now fear the sea .
Ten years ago , the sea water never came to the village .
We cannot afford to raise our houses except on mud , which gets washed away .
We can't use the toilets , and diseases are now more common .
Our water is no longer sweet . "
Nurun Nahar , a Bolihut fisherman , gave up his trade when catches declined precipitously three years ago .
His experiences speak for the 700 m people who depend on Nepal and the Himalayas for their lives : " We are poor so we can not do much to adapt on our own to what we can see is taking place .
But we do not want to depend on nature any more .
We see so many changes happening .
All we want is a secure life .
We are resilient but we must look to the rich to help us make this world a better place . "
• For news and analysis of the UN climate talks in Copenhagen sign up for the Guardian 's environment email newsletter Greenlight
( As you can see , the YouTube head is a lie )
Are the nutters really so stupid that they do n't
know what 's truly meant to offend them ?
doesn't
#
We all find ourselves on e-mail lists from the Other Side -- the Dark Side , the Utterly Loony Side -- and it 's usually more trouble than it 's worth trying to get off .
( Not to mention , does one really want to make contact with those people ? )
Earlier this week I was privileged to receive such a communication from a crypto- journalist who chronicles the outrages of us lefties .
This week he was in a high state of outrage over a moment from last week 'sepisode .
That 's right , ladies and gints , the nutters have seen the enemy , and it's , uh , Larry David ???
I could be wrong , but I think that our earnest nuttier was claiming that in a scene in the episode Larry urinated on a bible .
If so , he was totally detached from reality . ( " , " as certain Old Europeans might say . )
Today I finally watched the episode , which is hilarious , and the simple fact is thatis " urinated on . "
What happens is that , because Larry 's drug - conditioned urinary flow is now achieving rocketlike potency , a drop splashes rocketlike out of the john andonto a cheesy image of Jesus posted on the bathroom wall right beside the john , such that the residents think it 's a miracle : Jesus weeps !
The reason I 'm assuming my nuttier says that Larry urinates on a bible is the form his withering outrage takes :
Can you imagine the outrage if there were a depiction of urinating on a Koran ?
And surely he could n't be suggesting any sort of equivalence between a tacky fake - Jesus picture and a Koran , could he ?
Could he ???
So you get the train of the outrage , right ?
Christian religious artifacts , says our nuttier , can be violated without consequence , whereas the slightest disrespect shown to a Muslim holy book would bring down , well , I do n't know , the wrath of Allah ?
Every time I think my mind can't be more boggled than the Doodyhead Right has already managed , I 'm set up for further boggling .
This loon has got the whole thing backwards .
After all , here he is screaming bloody murder over absolutely nothing , while the fact is that he and his evil Crap Christian hypocrite zealots not only would n't care if a Koran was defiled , they would For God 's sake ( and I hope He 's listening in on the bullshit being slung in His name ) , does this moron truly not recognize his own reference to urinating on a Koran .
For once in his fervid pursuit of snares and delusions , he 's not making something up .
Well , maybe the chump reallyrecognize it .
Consider just how hard lying sacks of ignorant doody like him have to work to block out all vestiges of reality from intruding on their lack - of - consciousness .
They still will refuse to deal with the illegal as well as immoral behavior committed in their name under the watch of those agents of Satan Dick Cheney and George W. Bush , and not even God can make them .
Of course , what this fulminating asshole does n't seem to notice ( again , I only glanced at his screed ) is that theepisode is far from harmless in its view of the Crap Christian corporate enterprise .
It 's being suggested that the poor sad people who are the victims of the Crap Christian wizards in fancy dress are so abject , so beyond hope or help , that they actually tack fake - Jesus images on the wall beside their johns , and then believe their lives have been touched -- finally !
-- by grace when all it is is an errant splash of urine .
In other words , with a certain amount of pity as well as derision , Larry seems to think those people are even more abject than he regularly portrays himself .
As a matter of fact , I loved thatepisode .
As Larry and Jerry Seinfeld work on their supposedreunion show , while neither of them seems ( at least yet ) to have slipped fully into spontaneous conversation , we are getting our first direct glimpses of the mind - meld that produced .
Fabulous !
On to tonight 's episode !
Labels : Curb Your Enthusiasm , Fake Christians , Larry David , nutroots , right - wing bulllies
Yes hello hello !
Long - time readers will perhaps recall this diagram :
figure zero : things as they were .
It comes from an article describing how Guile represents its objects in memory , with particular concern for Guile - GNOME .
I was hacking on this code recently , and realized that this representation was not as good as it could be .
Our switch to the BDW garbage collector lets us be more flexible with the size of our allocations , and so we can actually allocate the " slots " of an object inline with the object itself :
figure one : things how maybe they could have been .
Alas , during the hack , I discovered a stumbling block : that this representation does n't allow for classes to be redefined .
redefine a data type , what ?
Yes , Guile 's object - oriented programming system ( GOOPS ) allows you to redefine the types of your data .
It 's OK !
CLOS lets you do this too ; it 's an old tradition .
Redefining a class at runtime allows you to develop by incremental changes , without restarting your program .
Of course once you change a class , its instances probably need to change too , probably reallocating their slots .
So we have to reintroduce the indirection -- but allowing for locality in the normal , non-redefined case .
Like this :
figure two : things how they are , almost .
So updating an instance is as simple as swapping a pointer !
Almost .
Well , not really .
This is really something that 's unique to Lisp , as far as I can tell , and not very widely - known in the programming community , and hey , I did n't completely understand it -- so man , do I have a topic for a blog or what .
step one : make a hole in the box
The way redefinition works is that first you make a new class , then you magically swap the new for the old , then instances lazily update -- as they are accessed , they check that their class is still valid , and if not update themselves .
It 's involved , yo , so I made a bunch of pictures .
figure three : class redefinition begins with defining a new class .
So yeah , figure three shows the new class , lying in wait beside the old one .
Then comes the magic :
figure four : same identity , different state .
What just happened here ?
Well we just swapped the vtable and data pointers in the old and new classes .
For all practical purposes , the old class is the new class , and vice versa .
All purposes except one , that is : eq ? .
The old class maintains its identity , so that any code that references it , in a hash table for example , will see the same object , but with new state .
The class ' identity is the same , but its state has changed .
That 's the key thing to notice here .
Now we mark the old class 's data as being out of date , and the next time its instances check their class ... what ?
Here we reach another stumbling block .
The old class has already has new state , so it is already fresh -- meaning that the instance will think nothing is wrong .
It could be that the instance was allocated when its class declared two slots , but now the class says that instances have three slots .
Badness , this ; badness .
So what really needs to happen is for instances to point not to the identity of their classes , but to the state of their classes .
In practice this means pointing directly to their slots .
This is actually an efficiency win , as it removes an indirection for most use cases .
Comme ça :
figure five : instances actually point to class state , not class identity .
As we see in the figure , a well - known slot in the class holds the redefinition information -- normally unset , but if the class is invalidated , it will allow the instance to know exactly which version of the class it is changing from and to .
figure six : new equilibrium .
And finally , figure six shows the new state of affairs -- in which slot access has been redirected for all redefined classes , and all of their instances , transitively .
efficiency
All in all , this is quite OK efficiency - wise .
Instance data is normally local , and class data is one indirection away .
A redefined instance will have nonlocal data , but hey , not much you can do otherwise , without a copying collector .
There is one efficiency hack worth mentioning .
Accessors , discussed in an earlier article , do n't need to check and see if their class is up to date or not .
This is because they are removed from the old class and re-added to the new one as part of the redefinition machinery .
summary
Redefinition is complicated , but pretty neat .
really , that 's the summary ?
Yes .
Notice : Sorry folks , going back and cleaning up errors , trying to use English as my language , etc .
You might find changes from the first read .
Update : Could the CRU data plots I discuss below be the raw data that shows cooling since 1960 that was noted as a ‘ trick ’ in emails and CRU source code ?
– end update
I have not had to work this hard on a post for quite a while , but the topic is – after all – the total annihilation of the Earth by man-made CO2 .
So I have set aside some work and free time to investigate some critical data that shows , without much doubt , that man-made global warming is a con , a false alarm created by shoddy statistics and faux science .
The emails and data are conclusive in demonstrating a Â pattern of cover up and misinformation in this matter by CRU and others ( especially if they were to be presented to a grand jury for possible indictment ) .
I will say this up front : some alarmist may have been overcome by self obsession over becoming apparent heros to planet Earth and all humankind .
Not pretty , but understandable .
But others are strictly in it for the power and the money , and I will let history sort who falls were .
I will also say this , the person who hacked the Hadley Climate Research Unit ( CRU ) did the world a huge favor by exposing the real data behind all the global warming false alarms .
I am going to focus this post on two key documents that became public with the recent whistle blowing at CRU .
The first document concerns the accuracy of the land based temperature measurements , which make up the core of the climate alarmists claims about warming .
When we look at the CRU error budget and error margins we find a glimmer of reality setting in , in that there is no way to detect the claimed warming trend with the claimed accuracy .
The second document contains 155 graphs showing the raw global temperature measurements and ‘ trends ’ for every country from 1900 though today .
It contains two version of the CRU ‘ processing ’ – one from 2005 and one from 2008 .
What is just amazing from this ‘ raw ’ data is the realization that many areas of the Earth are not showing a huge upswing in temperature .
The raw data paints a completely different picture than the final ‘ results ’ we see in Al Gore ’s charts .
And we also get a glimpse at the ‘ 1940 ’s blip ’ that was the subject of so many emails .
This post will review my analysis to date on the Americas , which is the section of the data I have had a chance to review and assess .
I plan to do a region by region analysis over the coming weeks .
Before we dive into CRU data we need to step back and understand the concept of ‘ accuracy ’ in scientific measurements .
One rule of reality is you cannot process data ( run statistics ) to create more accuracy than originallly captured in the raw data .
If you measure something in meters or yards , no amount of statistical analysis can increase your accuracy to inches or centimeters .
The best way to explain this is to use the commonly understood accuracy that is related to pictures – a .k.a. resolution .
Resolution = focus = ability to detect details .
My biggest problem with ( and challenge to ) the alarmists ’ global warming data is their ridiculous accuracy claims .
Even if you can make the case for modern day accuracy ( which has not been proven ) , you cannot apply that same accuracy back over a century of technological advances .
As you go back in time the error bars grow immensely as the accuracy degrades .
To illustrate this I have two ‘ global ’ images of Mars taken from Earth about 50 years apart .
Both were taken by state of the art systems of their time .
First is an image of Mars from 1956 taken at the Mt Wilson Observatory ( click to enlarge , but it does n’t help much ) :
Here is the second , modern image ( click to enlarge ) :
This second image was taken in 2001 from the Hubble Space Telescope .
I had to lower the resolution of the second image to avoid long page loading delays , you can download the fully detailed image at the link .
Even with this reduction in resolution it is not even a fair fight between 1950 ’s and the 2000’s .
This is a very reasonable and clear comparison of the technological capabilities of humanity between today and over half a century ago .
These images represent state of the art accuracy for their days on global scales , and both were taken from basically the same distance .
If you want to go back to the origin of the global temperature record ( late 1800 ’s ) , you have to go back to the drawings ( and wrong conclusions ) of Percival Lowell .
In other words accuracy degrades as we use older and older data .
There is no amount of statistical processing that can be done on the 1956 mars image data to make it as crisp and clear as the 2001 image data .
When you think back to 1880 , when the global temperature record began , you realize the error bars for that period ( pre-electricity , etc ) have to be huge – yet when it comes to global warming they apparently ( and without any proof ) are not !
Let ’s review the current global warming claims on temperature changes and accuracy , which are best illustrated with this graph from NCDC ( click to enlarge ) :
The diagram claims the modern ‘ global temp index ’ is accurate to +/- 0.05 Â°C 0.5Â°C , and only grows to +/- Â 0.15 Â°C 1.5Â°C when we travel back in time to 1880 .
This is just plain bogus .
Before I explain why I also want to note the size of the so - called temperature anomaly depicted on this graph .
It shows a - 0.3Â°C ( circa 1910 ) to +0.5 Â°C ( circa 2000 ) change over the period .
Therefore the error in temp data cannot exceed 0.5Â°C or else all these global temp indexes are statistically equal ( i.e. , no warming ) .
So what is the actual error that goes into these global indexes ?
You do n’t have to be a rocket scientist to figure out the sources of error ( though it does help ) .
What we have to do is define the error budget ( each step that introduces new error in the global index data point ) .
I can see this going through at least 6 phases that begin at taking a temperature reading on the surface of planet Earth :
1st is the measurement itself , including the accuracy of the measurement system ( both for time and temp ) .
2nd is the local extrapolation of this point temperature to the surrounding area to create regional temp Â ( or grid in the parlance of the scientists ) .
3rd is the averaging of day and night measurements for a grid to cover a monthly period .
4th is the averaging of a series of local monthly estimates into a country - wide estimate for the month .
5th is averaging the monthly data into seasonal data points ( CRU defines 4 seasons in its data ) for each country
6th is computing a Southern Hemisphere , Northern Hemisphere and Global index from the annual seasonal - country data .
There are more sources of error ( such as combing land and sea based measurements , satellite measurements , proxies , etc ) , but these 6 steps will suffice for now .
The first CRU document I noted above contains the CRU claims for errors through step 1 - 3 , and is quite stunning .
Here is their unsubstantiated claim for step one – the measurement :
Uncertainties in the station data : Measurement error : following [ 5 ] we estimate this as 0.04C on monthly average temperatures .
Uncertainty in homogenisation corrections : we are estimating this by examining records of corrections performed at CRU , and by examining differences between corrected and uncorrected data provided by the Austrian and Canadian national met.
services .
Uncertainty in the climatologies : this is only important where station data is incomplete over the climatology period ; we are estimating it by exploring the effect of removing data from stations with complete coverage .
Emphasis mine .
I might buy the idea a single thermometer measurement today can be accurate to +/- 0.04 Â°C , but I am not buying it over a region or over a month – and I am not buying it back in time .
And here are two clear reasons why .
Addendum :
But even more importantly , the station temperature which supposedly is accurate to 0.04 Â°C cannot go through 6 plus steps of massaging and turn out a global index with an error of 0.05 Â°C !
That is impossible .
– end addendum
Time & Accuracy of Measurement :
To create a daytime and nighttime temperature record for a ‘ station ’ you need to take the temperatures at the exact same time relative to the UTC ( the world wide time reference also known as Greenwich Time ) each day .
If you are off in time you throw all your data off .
In the modern era that is made possible because of the GPS Satellite network , which can lock any computer any where on the globe to UTC with microsecond or better accuracy .
Prior to GPS there was no cheap and effective way to link stations to a common time reference .
As we go back in time the local accuracy of time degrades incredibly fast .
Back in the 1960 ’s a local clock could be off by many seconds unless it was linked to a very expensive network of atomic clocks ( not available to very many countries at that time and not cost effective for weather stations even here in the US ) .
This loss of time accuracy , in my mind , easily degrades temps in the 1960 ’s to at least 0.5Â°C .
And this Â is before we take into account the thermometers ’ accuracies .
In 1880 I doubt all of the temp records were even accurate to +/- 0.25 Â°C ( a quarter of a degree ) .
Combining the accuracy limitations on the devices and the timing of the measurement you are already well outside the claimed accuracy .
Regional Temp Extrapolation :
Go to your weather channel TV station or website and look at the temperature variability in your area .
Temps can be off by 2 - 5 Â° if there is a massive front coming through .
And since fronts come through any time of day you cannot extrapolate a local temp value more than a couple of miles before the potential errors become huge .
Even if you know the time , without knowing the local weather there is no way to claim a single point represents any significantly sized region .
Â
And once you expand this from a local region to an entire country you can see how the errors have to be in the +/- 1 Â° C range even for today ’s technology .
These people claiming global warming exists at 0.8 Â°C level with an accuracy of 0.05 Â°C just do n’t have the detailed data to back up their claims .
Anyway , I do n’t need to do a lot on the error budget ( that is for the alarmists to prove and defend ) .
What surprised me was the one CRU document where CRU proves there is no demonstrable global warming ( even by their own ridiculously optimistic assessment ) .
Check out this graph Â from their report ( click to enlarge ) :
The title of this graph indicates this is the CRU computed sampling ( measurement ) error in C for 1969 .
Note how large these sampling errors are .
They start at 0.5 Â°C , which is the mark where any indication of global warming is just statistical noise and not reality .
Most of the data is in the +/- 1 Â°C range , which means any attempt to claim a global increase below this threshold is mathematically false .
Imagine the noise in the 1880 data !Â
You can not create detail ( resolution ) below what your sensor system can measure .
CRU has proven my point already – they do not have the temperature data to detect a 0.8 Â°C global warming trend since 1960 , let alone 1880 .
Now let ’s get back to the shape of that NCDC chart above and how it seems to show a slowly but steadily rising global temperature index from 1900 - 2008 .
Would anybody be surprised to find that the CRU land temp data just made public definitely DOES NOT show this trend ?
Let me show you some interesting records from the 2nd CRU file I mentioned above .
Thankfully I do n’t need to dive in deep because the first set of data ( Argentina ) is sufficient to illustrate the apparent misinformation coming from the alarmists , and possibly how it is done .
Here are the CRU records for Argentina ( click to enlarge a bit , but go to the doc link to really zoom in ) :
Does anyone see a slowly rising warming trend ?
No , we do n’t .
What we see is a flat oscillating temperature with varying highs and lows , but the current time is not a lot warmer than any other time period .
In fact , if you look at most of the country graphs from South America they show the same thing – no warming .
Some guidance on these charts are in order .
First there are 4 graphs for the 4 seasons CRU uses to derive an annual global index ( the NCDC level chart ) .
MAM in the upper left panel stands for March - April - May , the next panel is June - July - August ( JJA ) , etc .
The purple data is the 2008 version of the data series , and the black line is the 2005 .
The dashed horizontal line is the mean for that country for that season : red is for the CRU 2008 version and black is for CRU 2005 .
What is most troubling mathematically is the trend line , so let me blow one of these up for a closer look , but this time I am going to chose Chile MAM ( for reasons which will become very apparent ) :
Again , we see no real warming in this season for Chile , but what I highlighted in the green box is the now infamous ‘ 1940 ’s blip ’ ( which seemed to be the subject of much CRU email has how best to ‘ hide ’ it from the world ) .
Addendum :
This data shows the 1940 ’s a good 0.5 Â°C warmer than today .
– end addendum
All across South America you see two things – no global warming and the 1940 ’s blip showing it cooler now than in the 1940’s .
It shows up across the continent ( and the world ) .
When you move to Central America you see a 1950 ’s blip on top of slight global warming ( +0.3 Â°C on average ) .
Up in North America you see mostly flat temps again with a slight uptick ( +0.3Â°C ) .
South America actually COOLED by an average of - 0.2 Â°C over this period .
I derived a cooling or warming factor by identifying any peak in the trend line that existed prior to 1960 and comparing it to trend line point in the 2000 era .
Correction : Using this method I could see if the 2000 temps were unique , never before seen as claimed .
For the MAM season in Chile this factor is - 0.5 since the 1940 ’s peak was 0.5 Â °C below the current period .
– end correction .
If we recall the CRU claims its best margin of error is +/1 Â°C we can conclude that mathematically there has been no global warming detected in the CRU data ( at least in the Americas , which is all I had the time to analyze in detail ) .
Since I had to do this by eyeballs the numbers are not precise , but the trends are clear .
You look at a region and you see the same trends showing up over and over again .
My data on the Americas can be found here , where the left hand data set is the difference in peak high temps between the pre 1960 era and the 2000 .
It clearly illustrates there is no significant warming in the trend lines for the countries of the Americas – especially in South America were global cooling is happening , which probably explains why the Antarctic Ice Extend has been growing for decades .
But what really bugs me is the way CRU suppresses reality in this processing .
If you look at any one graph you can easily see that the ‘ raw ’ temperature range for that country is quite broad ( even though this is processed from daily stations to create yearly data ) .
You can see the ‘ raw ’ data has quite a large variability that the trend line mutes .
In the Chile MAM panel there is a measurement range of 1.8Â°C , while the peak - to - peak delta in the trend is only - 0.6Â°C .
What happens when you use the smoothed trend line is you DECREASE accuracy be removing the real life fluctuations .
We are losing details in this smoothing process , the picture has become very fuzzy to detail .
If you think of the error budget above as steps which remove or hide reality behind statistical noise , you can see why the NCDC chart looks nothing like the CRU charts .
CRU and NCDC has ‘ smoothed ’ away reality to the point it is unreal .
Toss in a few well selected proxies and you get man-made global warming graphs .
Here are some more examples of countries without measurable global warming ( beyond the CRU stated margin of error ) : Bolivia , Greenland and Peru .
There are many , many more such examples .
Again referring to my file of analysis on the Americas , I created a second data set from Â the temperature ranges in the CRU panels , and then computed the peak - to - peak change as a percentage of that range ( far right , orange column ) .
I wanted to see if the peak - to - peak changes since prior to 1960 were a major fraction of the overall natural temperature variability .
They of course were not .
None of the changes appear out of the normal variation in temperature , variation lost in the trend lines .
What I did see were stronger indications of warming near the equator than nearer the poles .
This could indicate the warming IS in fact caused by changes in solar radiation output , not man made CO2 .
I also find it interesting that the 1940 ’s temperature blip had seemingly moved to the equatorial region by the 1950 ’s and was creating a smaller blip there .
There is a lot to learn from this data , and how it correlates to other events or conditions .
But what is clear to me now is there was probably no way to create a hockey stick from this CRU data alone .
Which is why we have things like bristle cones and magic larches in Russia to create the mirage of global warming .
What I see in this data is a valid and scientifically based argument AGAINST global warming .
I detect only modest temp changes ( well within the normal temperature variability ) for Central America and Northern America , along with a clear cooling in South America .
I can say with confidence that the supposed center of man-made CO2 production ( America ) is not experiencing runaway , CO2 induced warming ( given the accuracy of the raw measurements and the ‘ global index ’ ) .
The CRU data clearly indicates that .
But I can also take the CRU emails and underscore how they represent a serious cover up , to wit this one email Â the 1940 ’s blip :
Phil ,
Here are some speculations on correcting SSTs to partly Â explain the 1940s warming blip .
If you look at the attached plot you will see that theÂ land also shows the 1940s blip ( as I ’m sure you know ) .
So , if we could reduce the ocean blip by , say , 0.15 degC , Â then this would be significant for the global mean — butÂ we ’d still have to explain the land blip .
I ’ve chosen 0.15 here deliberately .
This still leaves anÂ ocean blip , and i think one needs to have some form ofÂ ocean blip to explain the land blip ( via either some commonÂ forcing , or ocean forcing land , or vice versa , or all ofÂ these ) .
When you look at other blips , the land blips are Â 1.5 to 2 times ( roughly ) the ocean blips — higher sensitivity Â plus thermal inertia effects .
My 0.15 adjustment leaves thingsÂ consistent with this , so you can see where I am coming from .
Removing ENSO does not affect this .
It would be good to remove at least part of the 1940s blip , Â but we are still left with “ why the blip ” .
Let me go further .
If you look at NH vs SH and the aerosolÂ effect ( qualitatively or with MAGICC ) then with a reducedÂ ocean blip we get continuous warming in the SH , and a coolingÂ in the NH — just as one would expect with mainly NH aerosols .
This ‘ inconvenient truth ’ showed up in both the land and sea data .
You can see it all over the world .
And since it shows today not much different from then , it had to be deleted from history and CRU ’s own data had to been kept under wraps .
I plan to do more analysis , completing my spread sheet for the entire 155 entries .
This takes a lot of time , as you can imagine .
But it is worth it to understand the scope of the misinformation and cover up that has gone on these many years by so called scientists .
A group of civic activists , united by faith and a belief that the poor economy in the interior of Los Angeles is a social injustice , is preparing to offer bus tours of some of the grittiest pockets of the city , including decayed public housing , sites of deadly shootouts and streets ravaged by racial unrest .
After a VIP preview last weekend , L.A. Gang Tours expects to open to the public in January , giving tourists a look at the cradle of the nation ’s gang culture -- the birthplace of many of the city ’s gangs , including Crips and Bloods , Florencia 13 and 18th Street .
“ This is ground zero for a lot of the bad in this city .
It could be ground zero for a lot of the good too , ” said Alfred Lomas , a former Florencia member who has become a leading gang intervention worker in South Los Angeles and is spearheading the tours .
“ This is true community empowerment . ”
The nonprofit group plans to offer two - hour tours at an initial cost of $ 65 per adult , with profits funneled back into the community through jobs , “ franchised ” tours in new areas and micro-loans to inner-city entrepreneurs .
Early routes will focus largely on South L.A. , with forays through Watts and Florence - Firestone .
The concept appears to have no equal in L.A. -- for good reason , some might argue .
It seems to echo , more than anything , the “ slum tours ” of such sites as India ’s Dharavi township and Rio de Janeiro ’s favelas .
Those operations have been lauded as innovative economic tools and mechanisms for humanizing poverty -- and also attacked as exploitative and voyeuristic .
The L.A. tour comes after months of planning , and is offered in a spirit of education and public service .
Lomas , who will lead tours at first , plans to talk about important chapters in the development of the city ’s core , such as how racist housing restrictions shaped ethnic enclaves and the formation of gangs .
Other aspects may raise eyebrows .
Selling shirts painted on the spot by a graffiti “ tagger ” is one thing .
But one backer said he also hopes to stage dance - offs between locals ; tourists would pick a winner and fork over a cash prize .
It was n’t long ago that organizers decided against a plan to have kids shoot tourists with water pistols , followed by the sale of T - shirts that read : “ I Got Shot in South - Central . ”
“ It ’s going to be fascinating -- but really controversial , ” said Francisco Ortega , a field staffer with the Los Angeles Human Relations Commission and a respected mediator and neighborhood advisor in South L.A. Ortega said there could be great value in “ sensitizing people , connecting them to the reality of what ’s on the ground . ”
“ But the other side is that it could come across like a zoo or something , ” Ortega said .
“ You ’re being carted about : ‘ Look at that cholo over there ! ’
It could be perceived as demeaning for the people who are living in these conditions .
I do n’t know how they ’re going to manage those perceptions . ”
City Councilwoman Jan Perry said she has offered bus tours of South L.A. herself -- but those were for real estate leaders she was trying to persuade to invest in the neighborhood .
She said South L.A. could benefit from an effort to demonstrate “ the potential of the community . ”
But she said some aspects of this kind of tourism could go too far .
“ It ’s not right to put people on display , ” she said .
“ It depends on their intent and how they balance it , ” said Councilman Bernard C. Parks .
Organizers , however , say they ’ve been careful to plan tours that are respectful and neither glorify gangs nor exploit the poor .
“ What matters to me is that kids get fed and families get help , ” Lomas said .
The organization is bolstered by business leaders and gang experts who are contributing start - up capital and advice .
Several are connected to the Dream Center , the L.A. church ministry where Lomas directs a food bank .
Lomas credits the organization with helping him to turn his life around .
Kevin Malone , a former Dodgers general manager , sits on the board of the Dream Center ’s charitable arm and has become one of Lomas ’ chief supporters .
Malone said he has become involved in human - rights causes , such as combating human trafficking .
He said the possibility of introducing self - sustaining economic development into the city ’s poorest neighborhoods is no less of a human rights issue .
“ I believe in this , ” he said .
Other backers include Ron Noblet , a leading gang expert and an early proponent of using gang intervention to augment traditional police tactics .
Noblet dismissed any potential for criticism or controversy .
“ There will be a lot of people who will be delighted if he fails , ” Noblet said of Lomas .
“ But there is clarity in the dream . ”
Another backer is Terry Jensen , an owner of Seattle - based Duninger Corp. , which has subsidiaries in engineering and real estate investment .
Jensen is the inventor of the “ Jakpak , ” a jacket that turns into a tent with a built - in sleeping bag .
It was designed for the homeless and communities hit by natural disasters .
Jensen , also a minister , has allowed Lomas to use his accountants and marketers .
The team , he said , believes the tours could generate $ 1 million in profit in the first year , and that it would compete for customers with operators of celebrity - home tours in Hollywood .
“ I think this will be a destination tour , ” Jensen said .
“ I think people will come to Los Angeles to take this tour . ”
Jensen acknowledged that customers will have to sign a watertight legal waiver .
He said that ’s why it ’s important to spread the word through affected neighborhoods that the tour is coming -- and , eventually , generating jobs , grants and loans .
For example , Jensen said he ’d like to see some early profits send a graffiti “ tagger ” to art school .
“ We all know that the day somebody gets hurt , it ’s over , ” he said .
“ We ’re counting on the fact that the gangs are n’t going to mess in their own beds . ”
There is another reason to spread the gospel : Lomas hopes to use the tours to foster peace on the streets .
In recent weeks , The Times was granted access to a series of “ sit- downs ” -- meetings -- seeking understandings between gangs that have historically warred : Florencia , 18th Street and Grape Street , the dominant gang in the Jordan Downs public housing development .
Other gangs are being added to the talks and will shape tour routes down the road .
Lomas , for instance , hopes to include the South L.A. bus stop where five children and three adults were shot in gang crossfire last year , but needs the local gangs to sign off , giving him “ safe passage . ”
One “ sit - down ” took place in a Jordan Downs apartment that serves as the hub of the small nonprofit empire of Fred “ Scorpio ” Smith .
The 38 - year - old Smith said he joined Grape Street when he was 11 and recently completed a 13 - year prison term on drug charges .
Influential in Jordan Downs , he now runs a charitable organization , including a program for kids who have dropped out or have been kicked out of local schools .
A small group , led by Lomas , went to the apartment seeking approval to run the tour through Jordan Downs .
At first , Smith sounded skeptical .
“ A tour ? ” he asked incredulously .
“ Of the ‘ hood ? ”
Lomas offered to hire two teens from the housing development as part - time tour employees .
“ I ’m not saying you have to stop shooting each other , ” Lomas said .
“ Just allow me a certain time in the day .
. . .
Just let the bus go through . ”
“ Safe passage is a guarantee , ” Smith said .
Lomas and Smith discussed a host of delicate issues : tension between African Americans and Latinos ; a recent skirmish between Florencia and Grape Street .
They discussed building a phone tree to open new lines of communication between their neighborhoods .
But the long - term goal , Lomas explained , is economic viability .
“ People around the world have stereotyped us , ” Lomas said .
“ I ’m talking about sustainable change .
But it wo n’t work unless we have unity . ”
“ The people on the ground doing the work , ” Smith replied .
“ That ’s cool .
That ’d be cool . ”
scott.gold@latimes.com
DUK PADIET , Sudan 
The word went out on a Friday .
Chibetek was coming , with warriors and a grudge to settle .
The whole village sprang into battle mode .
Boys grabbed rusty rifles , women ran to the river to hide in the water , old men stood sentry on the village outskirts , training their yellow , rheumy eyes on the vast savannahs and malarial swamps that have kept this region cut off for decades .
And when the warriors did come , the villagers said , there were hundreds of them , maybe thousands , pouring through the chest - high elephant grass with machine guns and rocket - propelled grenades , dressed in crisp new uniforms that implied a level of military organization never seen before .
“ This was no cattle raid , ” said Majak Piok , a village elder .
Southern Sudan , one of the least developed and most war - haunted parts of Africa , is at a critical point , gearing up for a vote on independence that is likely to break an already volatile Sudan in two .
It is the culmination of decades of civil war and an American - backed peace treaty to end it , but as the long - savored day approaches , many south Sudanese fear another devastating war is on the horizon .
Folks , editing this into real English !
Steve McIntyre , a retired business man from Canada who is well versed in statistical methods , has been uncovering a number of serious and fatal flaws in the science of global warming .
One of his most famous is where he showed how warmists ( and Al Gore ) were splicing two data Â sets onto a graph to create the mirage of rampant global warming ( the infamous Hockey Stick ) .
This is scientific fraud my friends – plain and simple .
Today McIntyre treats us to a detailed and technically rich forensic report on how Mann , Jones and others were pressured by the IPCC to make current climate look much more dramatic than it was ( or is ) .
They needed to show unprecedented warming , and they data was not giving them what they needed .
Steve is a very detailed oriented fellow , and his methods are complete and extremely well documented .
Which means they do n’t translate well into the sound bite thinking of the news media ( who can barely grasp what this is all about anyway ) .
Â
So while I was reading his post I wanted to show a synopsis of his findings , and I found something extremely disturbing and what I see as the end of the global warming myth as we know it .
Scientifically it is dead due to the rampant fraud we now see in these newly disclosed efforts to hide the decline .
Let be begin with the first graph produced by the alarmists in 1999 for a meeting in Tanzania , where the IPCC complained the climate change being shown was not dramatic enough .
One thing to note here is how the modern day spike is not much warmer than previous warm periods ( the blue region , not the line ! ) .
The graph clearly shows the world coming out of the Little Ice Age which ended around 1800 - 1850 .
And while this is not very dramatic warming , it does already include an early version of Michael Mann ’s “ Nature Trick ” highlighted in the CRU emails made public .
I have blown the last bit of the graph up to illustrate how these alarmists were already splicing raw data onto statistical data ( which , being averaged will have much less variability and therefore lower peaks and shallower valleys than the raw data ) .
This is a con , a lie , Â a deliberate effort to make the current temperatures look dramatic .
I call this “ Hide The Decline 1 ” – for Mann ’s first effort to appease the IPCC .
Â
We can clearly see the instrument record ( red ) being used to create a false temperature peak beyond Mann ’s statistical model ( blue ) .
Let me illustrate this using a CRU graph of monthly temperature indices verses a trend line ( the statistical model of the values – click to enlarge ) :
See how the black and purple trend lines reside well inside the black and purple ‘ raw ’ data they represent ?
This is why you do n’t mix the two to create a hybrid ( and deceitful ) line .
You can distort the statistical model ( trend ) anyway you like by adding in the raw data it is meant to model .
That is cheating .
From McIntyre ’s investigation the IPCC was not happy with this first attempt to hide the decline with Mike ’s Nature Trick .
So the ‘ scientists ’ went back and created a better fiction .
Here is their later chart , with the new numbers and a more dramatic rise in modern temperatures .
I wanted to highlight the changes so I laid the charts side by side with the intent of running horizontal lines for comparison .
First thing I noticed is the “ y ” scale in the later graph is 0.5 Â °C higher than the original !
They had to raise the scale to absorb their data manipulations and do a better job of making modern climate look unique .
That in itself is very telling .
Here is what I finally came up with :
Sort of stunning , is n’t it .
Mann and Jones did something to that original temperature record to push its peak a good deal more beyond the end of the statistical record than in their first try .
This is much more than just adding the temperature record to the statistical model as in Hide The Decline 1 – that is shady and fraudulent enough .
This is further ‘ adjusting ’ the temperature record to make it look even more dramatic – a good 0.4 Â °C more dramatic .
What is settled is this is not science , this is a charade .
And it would be very difficult to have proven this without the CRU emails and documents dumped late last month .
Through much of this Keith Briffa appears in many of these emails to want to let the data speak for itself .
He is constantly badgered to make adjustments , but in the end Mann and Jones simply stop using his data past 1960 .
I think this is why Briffa may have went searching for the magic larch in Yamal , Russia .
The tree that could put his tree ring research back into the IPCC fold ( and funding ) .
If I had to guess who could be a candidate for the whistle blower , right now my money is on Briffa and a band of CRU employees whose conscience finally got the better of them ( or the FOIA efforts were going to tip his hand anyway ) .
I think it is safe to speculate that Mann and Jones were at the center of running the con with a tight group of useful idiots willing to help out ( and become famous for their efforts ) .
Then you had a sea of scientists who just wanted to believe the AGW myth and never even attempted to challenge it .
Add in gullible journalists and pols without any skill or education to know better one way or the other and you have the current AGW fad .
A fad now being forensically dissected scientifically , possibly exposing a fraud .
A federal judge ruled that the state cannot issue license plates showing the image of a cross in front of a stained glass window along with the phrase “ I Believe . ” Judge Cameron M. Currie of Federal District Court said in her ruling that the license plates were unconstitutional because they violate the First Amendment ban on establishment of religion .
The fight over the plates started shortly after Lt. Gov. Andre Bauer helped push the legislation through in 2008 .
Groups including Americans United for Separation of Church and State and the American - Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee challenged the law .
Judge Currie ordered the state to cover those groups ’ legal expenses .
The crates of whisky were found under a hut built and used by Shackleton
Two crates of Scotch whisky which belonged to the polar explorer Ernest Shackleton are to be recovered after a century buried in the Antarctic ice .
The McKinlay and Co whisky was found buried under a hut built and used during Shackleton 's unsuccessful South Pole expedition between 1907 and 1909 .
The crates , which are encased in ice , were first found three years ago .
New Zealand Antarctic Heritage
Trust plans to use special cutting tools to remove the crates from the ice .
The crates and bottles are expected to undergo conservation work in New Zealand before being returned to the remote hut at Cape Royds , which the trust is trying to restore to the same condition as when Shackleton 's team left it .
I personally think they must have been left there by mistake , because it's hard to believe two crates would have been left under the hut without drinking them
Al Fastier
Trust spokesman
Trust spokesman Al Fastier said he would not be tempted to sample the Scotch , saying he preferred to allow the century - old spirits to retain their mystique .
" It would be terrible to sample it and find that it was off , " he told Radio New Zealand .
Distillers
Whyte and Mackay , which owns the McKinlay brand , are keen to get hold of a bottle , or at least a sample of the now - extinct blend .
The company 's master blender Richard Paterson said : " We might even get enough to be able to take a stab at recreating it . "
Shackleton 's expedition ran short of supplies on its long trek to the South Pole from Cape Royds .
Shackleton 's expedition to reach the South Pole was unsuccesful
They eventually fell about 100 miles ( 160 kilometres ) short of their goal , although one team did reach the magnetic South Pole and the expedition carried out valuable scientific work .
No lives were lost , vindicating Shackleton 's decision to turn back from the pole , which was first reached in 1911 by Norwegian explorer Roald Amundsen .
Shackleton later said to his wife : " A live donkey is better than a dead lion , is n't it ? "
The expedition 's ship left Cape Royds hurriedly in March 1909 as winter ice began forming in the sea , with some equipment and supplies , including the whisky , left behind .
" I personally think they must have been left there by mistake , because it's hard to believe two crates would have been left under the hut without drinking them , " Mr Fastier said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A blogger identified as hpx , over at the well named SaveCapitalism blog started messing around with the GHCN temperature dataset .
The GHCN data is apparently 95 % used in the recently implicated east Anglia university dataset by professor Phil Climategate Jones .
His post was extremely interesting because it has to do with the GHCN overstatement of Antarctic Warming .
It ’s important to me because we need to verify that the datasets Ryan is using are of good quality for publication and reliance on previous work is n’t always enough .
In this case , however , instead of temp records , I found a box of old socks .
Before getting into it , I ’d like to say that hpx did a great job .
He grabbed hundreds of records and their duplicates , compiled them into a database , sorted for what he needed and plotted the results .
He found a trend of 4C / century in the Antarctic as calculated from the ‘ adjusted ’ value added data .
I ’ve been able to verify this value to within a couple of tenths of a degree , using some slightly different methods .
Check out his post at this link .
This email from Phil Clmiategate Jones describes which data is in CRU .
Almost all the data we have in the CRU archive is exactly the same
> as in the Global Historical Climatology Network ( GHCN ) archive used
> by the NOAA National Climatic Data Center
And that is the key– almost all .
If they used the GHCN Antarctic stations , there is a teenie tiny problem .
Of course as with anything in science these days , the devil is in the detail .
First , each GHCN station can have multiple records .
These records are taken at different times and simply recorded with the others so for each station the data might look like this one from the Antarctic .
Which is then processed and adjusted to look like this .
It ’s a bit difficult to see which series are what because many of them are absolutely the exact same numbers as others in the raw format .
These are absolute temperature values in Deg .
C so for my analysis , I simply averaged the three series .
This is different from SaveCapitalism ’s analysis in determining what GHCN is exactly saying about trend .
In the raw data from GHCN there are 27 stations from which data was collected .
Their positions are shown on this map .
This data is reduced in the final version to only ten adjusted stations .
All the denialist blue stations have been removed , including Amundsen Scott at the South pole .
The peninsula stations here show up as black .
Not very much data left .
We want to know how the results above modify trends from the raw data to the final data ?
These next plots are created as follows ;
1 – Average multiple series from same location together in Degrees C
2 – Calculate anomaly for each individual station
3 – Average all anomalies together ignoring area weighting effects
4 – Plot
The slope in C / Decade is in blue on the graphs .
So by the raw data we ’re looking at 2.3C / century , this is a several times higher trend than the results from a more complete BAS dataset .
For those familiar with the GHCN it ’s no surprise that after the data is “ homogenized ” the trend leaps upward to 4C / century .
So the next step was to look at the data a little closer at the ten series .
There are like 1500 six figure people in the Antarctic and the primary GHCN global dataset has only one single series since 1993 .
The heroic global warming scientists at Rothera Point have been slaving away , reporting data for all of the Antarctic .
That ’s 16 years without anyone else bothering to take a temperature reading in the Antarctic for the GHCN or anyone from the GHCN making a phone call to any of the Antarctic towns for the data .
Oops , not so quick .
There was data in the other series .
In the GHCN ’s unique value added process , ( invented and widely sanctioned in the superior science of climatology ) denialist data has been eliminated from the Raw data as we can see below .
There were several of the remaining ten series which were chopped !!
Whell , since Rothera Point has the magic continental thermometer , I wonder which series Rothera Point exactly is on the map .
Below is the same map as above with a different temperature scale so we can see the magnitude of the black dots .
The red circle is surrounding Rothera Point station .
So as we can see , of all the stations available in the antarctic , GHCN has chosen to use a single station on the Antarctic Peninsula to represent an entire continent of the earth for the past 17 years ( red circle ) .
But it ’s not just any station , it ’s a special one .
Rothera Point has the single highest trend of any of the adjusted station data .
Coincidence ?
In the meantime , the BAS maintains an up to date , value added dataset of their own .
Using 63 stations and simple area weighted averaging we get antarctic trends of 0.05 C/ decade with a temperature distribution in C / Decade that looks like this :
The temperature trend and trend distributions are robust to a wide variety of methods and input data from the BAS .
The results would have no chance to survive the GHCN homogenization process .
Ok , so for the regulars , you know I ’ve maintained my calmness quite well .
However , it ’s not easy .
I ’m sick to death of advocate scientists pretending there are only minimal problems in the temperature record .
Currently the ‘ homogenized ’ value added version of GHCN has a trend that is EIGHT times higher than actual for the ENTIRE ANTARCTIC CONTINENT .
So I wonder if we can now , spend some of the ‘ BILLIONS OF DOLLARS ’ on cleaning up the temperature record !!!
It ’s no coincidence that AGW scientists are n’t demanding this be done in my opinion either .
Which of these records is used in CRU , GISS , NOAA — hell if I know ( nobody else does either because at least CRU wo n’t say ) but it ’s pretty clear none of this data should be used in this condition .
It ’s time the GOOD scientists demand GOOD TEMPERATURE DATA .
It ’s time the world embarked on a real project for gathering the true warming data rather than this kludged mess .
It ’s past time that the whole thing was done in an open and transparent way .
The whole experience with GHCN this weekend felt like looking through a box of old socks .
There is one novel I reread every couple of years : Voltaire 's Candide .
It 's short , which I like , and the protagonist has the simultaneous qualities of astonishing naiveté and grim determination that are invaluable in a traveller , but increasingly rare .
I often thought of Voltaire 's masterpiece while reading Rob Lilwall 's epic account of cycling home from Siberia , a place he heads off to in October with equipment that includes a pair of £ 10 Royal Mail over - trousers , a whistle that stuns ferocious dogs , and a secondhand tent that he puts up for the first time in - 20C .
His route is the same one that Ewan McGregor and Charley Boorman tackled on motorbikes , but there is no television crew or back - up team for Lilwall .
The man starts with a confession : he 's a Christian - and later confirms he prefers to stay with priests or nuns .
I almost gave up there , but the honesty makes for compulsive reading : he farts on Russian live radio and gets the giggles , he camps in disabled toilets in Japan - and observes that they are cleaner and more comfortable than Russian hotels .
When he is mugged at gunpoint , he has violent revenge fantasies , then feels guilty and prays for his attackers .
His disarming , open - faced bravura gets better and better as the book progresses .
In Papua New Guinea , a place he decides to cycle around , he is chased by drunken men brandishing cudgels .
Afterwards he wonders if perhaps he had pre-judged them and they were only being friendly .
Candides were ever thus .
Some of the conversation , totally convincing , is worthy of the great Voltaire .
In Siberia , warned repeatedly against camping in the forest because of wolves , he questions one particular host more closely .
Has he ever seen wolves ?
" Never , " he said .
" Have you ever heard them howling ? " I asked .
" No . "
" Do you know anyone who has heard or seen a wolf in these parts ? "
" No , but you should not camp ; there are wolves ! "
He camps , of course , and neither sees nor hears wolves .
The incident does not bring on reflections about unsubstatiated beliefs , but this is Candide writing , not Voltaire .
On and on he goes , pedalling furiously around Australia , up the Malay peninsula and through to China where , in a cheap hotel in a town whose name he does not know , he confesses to himself that he has never been happier .
I believed him .
Lilwall has a wonderful ability to inspire trust in his readers - the same kind of trust , I imagine , that he inspired in his many benefactors en route : the book is truly a paean to human hospitality .
Ignoring doom - sayers and newspaper headlines , trusting instead in his own experience of human kindness , he pedals into regions that most people would avoid , notably Afghanistan .
There he observes that Nato troops do not wave back at him ; then , catching sight of his shaggy hair and ragged clothes , he realises he resembles a local more than an eccentric geography teacher from west London .
The innocence and simplicity never fail : when a village fanatic refuses to shake his hand , he rides quickly away , reflecting : " It had been very rude for that man to refuse my hand and I was alarmed to have no idea what anyone was saying . "
Three years after setting out , he cycles up his parents ' road and his mum greets him : " Welcome back . "
Perfect .
I 'm not sure Rob Lilwall knows it , but he has penned a two - wheeled classic .
I wanted to rise up singing and strap on my bicycle clips .
• Kevin Rushby 's Paradise : A History of the Idea That Rules the World is published by Robinson .
To order Cycling Home from Siberia for £ 9.99 with free UK p&p call Guardian book service on 0330 333 6846 .
Astronomers announced today that they have discovered a " super - Earth " orbiting a red dwarf star 40 light - years from Earth .
They found the distant planet with a small fleet of ground - based telescopes no larger than those many amateur astronomers have in their backyards .
Although the super - Earth is too hot to sustain life , the discovery shows that current , ground - based technologies are capable of finding almost - Earth - sized planets in warm , life - friendly orbits .
The discovery is being published in the December 17 issue of the journal Nature .
A super - Earth is defined as a planet between one and ten times the mass of the Earth .
The newfound world , GJ1214b , is about 6.5 times as massive as the Earth .
Its host star , GJ1214 , is a small , red type M star about one - fifth the size of the Sun .
It has a surface temperature of only about 4,900 degrees F and a luminosity only three - thousandths as bright as the Sun .
GJ1214b orbits its star once every 38 hours at a distance of only 1.3 million miles .
Astronomers estimate the planet 's temperature to be about 400 degrees Fahrenheit .
Although warm as an oven , it is still cooler than any other known transiting planet because it orbits a very dim star .
Since GJ1214b crosses in front of its star , astronomers were able to measure its radius , which is about 2.7 times that of Earth .
This makes GJ1214b one of the two smallest transiting worlds astronomers have discovered ( the other being CoRoT - 7 - b ) .
The resulting density suggests that GJ1214b is composed of about three - fourths water and other ices , and one - fourth rock .
There are also tantalizing hints that the planet has a gaseous atmosphere .
" Despite its hot temperature , this appears to be a waterworld , " said Zachory Berta , a graduate student at the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics ( CfA ) who first spotted the hint of the planet among the data .
" It is much smaller , cooler , and more Earthlike than any other known exoplanet . "
Berta added that some of the planet 's water should be in the form of exotic materials like Ice VII ( seven ) - a crystalline form of water that exists at pressures greater than 20,000 times Earth 's sea -level atmosphere .
Astronomers found the new planet using the MEarth ( pronounced " mirth " ) Project - an array of eight identical 16 - inch - diameter RC Optical Systems telescopes that monitor a pre-selected list of 2,000 red dwarf stars .
Each telescope perches on a highly accurate Software Bisque Paramount and funnels light to an Apogee U42 charge - coupled device ( CCD ) chip , which many amateurs also use .
" Since we found the super - earth using a small ground - based telescope , this means that anyone else with a similar telescope and a good CCD camera can detect it too .
Students around the world can now study this super - earth ! " said David Charbonneau of CfA , lead author and head of the MEarth project .
MEarth looks for stars that change brightness .
The goal is to find a planet that crosses in front of , or transits , its star .
During such a mini-eclipse , the planet blocks a small portion of the star 's light , making it dimmer .
Using innovative data processing techniques , astronomers can tease out the telltale signal of a transiting planet and distinguish it from " false positives " such as eclipsing double stars .
NASA 's Kepler mission also uses transits to look for Earth - sized planets orbiting Sun - like stars .
However , such systems dim by only one part in ten thousand .
The higher precision required to detect the drop means that such worlds can only be found from space .
In contrast , a super - Earth transiting a small , red dwarf star yields a greater proportional decrease in brightness and a stronger signal detectable from the ground .
Astronomers then use instruments like the HARPS ( High Accuracy Radial Velocity Planet Searcher ) spectrograph at the European Southern Observatory to measure the companion 's mass and confirm it is a planet , as they did with this discovery .
When astronomers compared the measured radius of GJ1214b to theoretical models , they found that the observed radius exceeds the model 's prediction , even assuming a pure water planet .
Something more than the planet 's solid surface may be blocking the star 's light - specifically , a surrounding atmosphere .
The team also notes that , if it has an atmosphere , those gases are almost certainly not primordial .
The star 's heat is gradually boiling off the atmosphere .
Over the planet 's multiple - billion - year lifetime , much of the original atmosphere may have been lost .
The next step for astronomers is to try to directly detect and characterize the atmosphere , which will require a space - based instrument like NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope .
GJ1214b is only 40 light - years from Earth , within the reach of current observatories .
" Since this planet is so close to Earth , Hubble should be able to detect the atmosphere and determine what it 's made of , " said Charbonneau .
" That will make it the first super - Earth with a confirmed atmosphere - even though that atmosphere probably won ?t be hospitable to life as we know it . "
###
Seattle , Washington ( CNN ) --
The plastic Ziploc bag thrown in the trash in Seattle , Washington , spent a week traveling 300 miles to an Oregon landfill .
The old Apple iBook that was recycled is a month into its journey .
And a pair of worn Asics running shoes is still logging miles even after being dropped in a bin for used shoes .
Those are just some of the trails of trash exposed in a high - tech trash study .
" Normally , you think about the trash for minutes while you take it out to the can , " says Ethan O'Connor , " and this trash we are going to be watching on our Web browsers for weeks . "
O'Connor and Shannon Cheng are volunteers in a study tracking their trash -- and giving them the opportunity to reflect on what they use and discard .
The tracking devices are about the size of small cell phones and allow for near - real - time tracking of thousands of pieces of garbage .
The tracking is not part of some top - secret government program to spy on garbage , but rather the brainchild of MIT researchers who wanted to learn if society could more efficiently dispose of what it throws out .
" The idea with this tagging exercise is to bring an invisible system to life , " said Assaf Biderman , associate director of MIT 's SENSEable City Lab .
" By knowing how long it stays in the system , where it goes , we are hoping to create an increased awareness in the public . "
Before that increased awareness could be created , however , the scientists needed to devise a way to track pieces of trash , some for hundreds of miles and for up to six months .
Researchers are doing most of the tracking via volunteers in Seattle .
They plan to expand the program to other cities and compare the attitudes that people in different regions have about garbage .
Working with the telecommunications company Qualcomm , the MIT researchers created a device -- or , as the researchers call them , " traces " -- that could track a piece of trash using both GPS and cell phone towers .
The researchers then asked volunteers to supply items they were already planning to get rid of and put the tracking " traces " on the items .
The volunteers then threw the material out as they usually would .
Just getting the trace on the piece of trash presented its own challenges .
Some needed to be taped or sewn into the garbage ; others were stuck to the trash with a sticky aerosol spray .
The researchers stipulated that the trace not alter how the garbage traveled through the waste system or call attention to the item .
" The thing about trash is that each object is very different , " Biderman said .
" Different sizes , different textures , different constraints . "
O'Connor and Cheng live on a houseboat , where space is at a premium .
Participating in the study has allowed the couple to think of larger - picture issues about the trash they produce .
But it 's not just the trash 's owners who are tracking the tems .
Waste Management Inc. , a waste removal and recycling company , is helping fund the study in the hope that it will show that the trash they dispose of goes where it should .
Officials say they are also looking for ways to better deal with garbage .
" It could make a huge difference , " Waste Management spokeswoman Rita Smith said .
" We want to do everything we can to get our materials to their destinations as efficiently as possible ; not only because of the economic cost , but also because of the environmental cost .
There 's no point in hauling material around in circles . "
Researchers are still compiling data as the trash makes its journey .
Even though the study has not been completed , the MIT group sees its efforts as a step toward better informing Americans about trash .
" Can we create a situation of minimum waste ? " Biderman said .
" In a certain way , it 's about telling people about what they throw away , making people more aware about waste , and perhaps changing their behavior . "
Participating in the study has already altered O'Connor 's outlook .
" The disposal is one part of it , the using is another , " he said .
" No one 's saying we are bad people for using stuff , but the reality is each one of us gets one - six - billionth of what the Earth can produce , and what we have is much more than that . "
The FDIC seized a staggering nine banks on Friday .
At least three of them , all in California , were victims of the CRE collapse .
Square Feet :
The three banks all were invested heavily in commercial real estate .
Pacific National , as it was mentioned in The Registry article as being a lender on Moffett Towers ( phase 2 ) , was also involved in other development deals in the Bay Area spanning from condo developments to office projects by Legacy Partners .
More from The Registry :
The bank , which reported assets of $ 2.1 billion at midyear , has been in the news in recent weeks following a decision by the Hines company and the California Public Employees ’ Retirement System to walk away from the Watergate office complex in Emeryville .
CalPERS and Hines , via their National Office Properties LP , borrowed $ 152 million from Pacific National for the acquisition in 2006 .
The loan , which was refinanced in 2008 , had not been paid down at the time of default , according to commercial real estate research firm Real Capital Analytics .
Pacific National is also a lender against Moffett Towers , the 1.8 million square - foot speculative office complex built by San Francisco ’s Jay Paul Co. in Sunnyvale .
The development has been completed for months but has failed to retain a single tenant .
Sometimes ideas in edgy fashion magazines end up going mainstream and show up in glossy corporate - owned ladymags .
But in a reversal , V Magazine 's January issue will feature plus - size models , months after Glamour 's plus - size issue .
V editor - in - chief Stephen Gan says :
" Big , little , pint - size , plus - size — every body is beautiful .
And this issue is out to prove it . "
Advertisement
V Magazine launched in 1999 , and usually alternates between celebrity covers ( Brad Pitt , Lady Gaga , Grace Jones ) and model covers , as seen below :
Advertisement
But for V's January issue , expect to see Crystal Renn ( that 's her , at the top of the post , in a shot from the May 2009 issue of Glamour ) and other plus - size models , shot by Terry Richardson , Bruce Weber and Karl Lagerfeld .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Some problems :
Lagerfeld , you may recall , once said
Since V usually uses " regular " models — especially for its " beauty issue , " how does a one - off plus - size issue " prove " that " every body is beautiful " ?
Much like when Italian Vogue did an " all - black issue , "
This is mentioned often on this site , but worth repeating : A plus - size model is not the same as a plus - sized woman .
A " plus - size model " is a model who is at least 5 ' 9 " but has measurements above the requirements for " straight size " models , which are , roughly , 34 - 24 - 34 .
Basically , a plus size model could be a US size 8 , 10 or 12 , despite the fact that those sizes are not considered " plus " by clothing manufacturers ,
So they do n't exactly represent plus - sized women .
Advertisement
Of course , the other side of the coin is that any time there 's diversity in the types of women elevated and glorified by magazines , it 's a good thing .
Because using makeup , fashion and photography , magazines represent a fantasy — but all types of women deserve to see themselves reflected in that dream .
Heavy Changes [ Page Six ]
Earlier : Glamour Tries Not To Make A Big Deal Of Its Plus - Size Model
Glamour Shocks Readers By Featuring Plus - Size Model's Belly
Glamour 's Plus - Size Model : " I 'm Not Saying Size 2 Is n't Normal , But My Normal Is This "
Coming This Fall : More Naked Fat Ladies
In Glamour !
Naked Fat Girls On Ellen ! Sort Of !
Glamour 's " Big " Issue : Plus - Size Models , Plus - Size Problems
Spot The Plus - Size Model In Glamour
Italian Vogue 's " All Black " Issue : A Guided Tour
[ Main image by Patrick Demarchelier for Glamour . ]
A paper nurse hat is the finishing touch to top off a homemade nurse costume for any occasion .
This hat , sometimes decorated with a red cross on the front , makes the outfit immediately recognizable .
One sheet of plain white copy paper creates the basic hat structure ; a red stripe along the bottom edge , plus the cross design , rounds out the look .
by
Two essential reads today .
The first is timely , although unrelated to the CRU scandal – John McLean ’s “ Climate Science Corrupted ” , which gives an in - depth account of why the IPCC is as biased as it is .
It ’s a real eye - opener .
It is long overdue that the IPCC was called for what it is , an activist eco-political body driven not by the dangerous manmade warming evidence that it pretends exists , but by the beliefs and philosophies of its sponsor , the UNEP , and by key individuals at the time the IPCC was established .
Download it here .
( PDF )
The second is Jo Nova ’s excellent follow up to “ The Skeptics Handbook ” , entitled “ Global bullies want your money ” .
It ’s unthinkable .
Big Government has spent $ 79 billion on the climate industry , 3000 times more than Big-oil .
Leading climate scientists wo n’t debate in public and wo n’t provide their data .
What do they hide ?
When faced with legal requests they say they ’ve “ lost ” the original global temperature records .
Thousands of scientists are rising in protest against the scare campaign .
Meanwhile $ 126 billion turned over in carbon markets in 2008 and bankers get set to make billions .
Download it here .
Russia is considering sending a spacecraft to a large asteroid to knock it off its path and prevent a possible collision with Earth , the head of the country 's space agency said Wednesday .
Anatoly Perminov said the space agency will hold a meeting soon to assess a mission to Apophis , telling Golos Rossii radio that it would invite NASA , the European Space Agency , the Chinese space agency and others to join the project once it is finalized .
When the 270 - metre- long asteroid was first discovered in 2004 , astronomers estimated it had as high as a 1 - in - 37 chance of smashing into Earth in its first flyby in 2029 but have since lowered their estimate .
Further studies ruled out the possibility of an impact in 2029 , when the asteroid is expected to come no closer than 29,450 kilometres above Earth 's surface , but they indicated a small possibility of a hit on subsequent encounters .
In October , NASA lowered the odds that Apophis could hit Earth in 2036 from 1 in 45,000 as earlier thought to a 1 - in - 250,000 chance after researchers recalculated the asteroid 's path .
It said another close encounter in 2068 would involve a 1 - in - 330,000 chance of impact .
Without mentioning NASA findings , Perminov said he heard from a scientist that Apophis is getting closer and may hit the planet .
" I do n't remember exactly , but it seems to me it could hit the Earth by 2032 , " Perminov said .
" People 's lives are at stake .
We should pay several hundred million dollars and build a system that would allow to prevent a collision , rather than sit and wait for it to happen and kill hundreds of thousands of people . "
No nuclear explosions required
Scientists have long theorized about asteroid deflection strategies .
Some have proposed sending a probe to circle a dangerous asteroid to gradually change its trajectory .
Others have suggested sending a spacecraft to collide with the asteroid and alter its momentum , or using nuclear weapons to hit it .
Perminov would n't disclose any details of the project , saying they still need to be worked out .
But he said the mission would n't require any nuclear explosions .
Hollywood action films Deep Impact and Armageddon have featured space missions scrambling to avoid catastrophic collisions .
In both movies , space crews use nuclear bombs in an attempt to prevent collisions .
" Calculations show that it 's possible to create a special - purpose spacecraft within the time we have , which would help avoid the collision without destroying [ the asteroid ] and without detonating any nuclear charges , " Perminov said .
" The threat of collision can be averted . "
Boris Shustov , director of the Institute of Astronomy under the Russian Academy of Sciences , hailed Perminov 's statement as a signal that officials had come to recognize the danger posed by asteroids .
" Apophis is just a symbolic example .
There are many other dangerous objects we know little about , " he said , according to RIA Novosti news agency .
[ Haskell - cafe ] ANNOUNCE : Graphalyze - 0.8.0.0 and SourceGraph-0.5.5.0
To keep Joe Fredette happy [ 1 ] this time , I 've combined these two announcements into one . [ 1 ]
http://sequence.complete.org/hwn/20091003
I 'm pleased to announce the latest versions of Graphalyze [ 2 ] and SourceGraph [ 3 ] .
The only change to Graphalyze has been the addition of Legend support ( which necessitated a slight change in the data structures used , hence the large version bump ) but SourceGraph contains more substantial changes . [ 2 ]
http://hackage.haskell.org/package/Graphalyze-0.8.0.0 [ 3 ]
http://hackage.haskell.org/package/SourceGraph-0.5.5.0
Changes to SourceGraph include : * A legend so that you know what all the fancy symbols , etc. actually mean .
* Class instances now drawn correctly .
* Better colour support .
* Clean up printing of cliques , etc .
I 've also put some sample SourceGraph reports online at http://code.haskell.org/~ivanm/Sample_SourceGraph/SampleReports.html
so that you can see what kind of results it produces .
Enjoy ! -- Ivan Lazar Miljenovic Ivan .
Miljenovic at gmail.com IvanMiljenovic.wordpress.com
AVOW is more than a simple forum for preparedness , it 's a whole community dedicated to preparedness and spiritual insights .
You 'll find a wide variety of topics being discussed , including camping , home canning , financial preparedness , words of our living prophet , spiritual insights , and much , much more .
You 'll also find a live chat - room , a variety of private and semi-private special interest - groups , member photo albums , group - buys , and a download section with hundreds of great resources to help in your preparations .
There are 20 million bubbles in a bottle of champagne and every one of them alters the taste , scent and fluid dynamics of the sparkling wine , say researchers studying the chemistry of carbonation and the physics of fizz .
During centuries of artisanal trial and error , winemakers had learned surprisingly little about how a sparkling wine 's most active ingredient affected its chemistry of aroma and flavor .
To understand the essence of its effervescence , the researchers analyzed champagne bubbles with mass spectrometry , laser tomography and high - speed microphotography , and then tested its carbonation on genetically engineered mice .
To a vintner , the bubbly in a crystal flute may be vintage Dom Perignon or Pol Roger .
But to these scientists , it is a complex hydroalcoholic solution supersaturated with carbon dioxide molecules and laced with proteins , lipids and amino acids .
The Science of Bubbles More interactive graphics and photos
Their experiments , described recently in Science , the American Scientist and the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , reveal the unexpected ways in which the microscopic and molecular behavior of carbonation make champagne tingle in the nose and tap - dance on the tongue .
Champagne owes much of its magic -- its savor , scent and glow -- to the micro-mechanics of CO2 bubbles , they reported .
" I could not imagine such beautiful hydrodynamic phenomena hidden right under our noses , " says Gerard Liger - Belair , professor at the laboratory of enology and applied chemistry at the University of Reims Champagne - Ardenne in France , who has devoted a decade to deconstructing the fluid mechanics of sparkling wine .
Every bottle of champagne is a blend of many wines , but it owes its signature sparkle entirely to pent - up carbon dioxide .
In fact , an average bottle of champagne contains about five or six times its volume in carbon dioxide , so compressed that when the champagne cork pops , it typically kicks out of the bottle 's neck at about 30 miles per hour , Dr. Liger - Belair says .
The champagne will actually taste better , he says , if the cork can be released with a more subdued CO2 sigh .
All this gas is the natural product of fermentation , created as yeast transforms sugar into ethanol .
For centuries , though , winemakers treated so much CO2 as a hazard that , unvented , could make their wine bottles explode .
The original developer of champagne is lost to legend , but an innovative 17th century Benedictine monk named Dom Pierre Perignon is sometimes credited with pioneering the predecessor of the wire collar , called a muselet , which holds a cork in place to withstand the fermentation pressure .
With that simple twist , he turned a gassy nuisance into a luxury industry that last year sold about 322 million bottles of champagne world - wide .
For centuries , champagne makers considered pent - up carbon dioxide a hazard that could make their bottles explode .
But the bubbles are so pleasing to the palette , it 's no wonder 322 million bottles of champagne were sold world - wide last year .
WSJ 's Robert Lee Hotz reports .
Today , champagne makers ensure their lucrative bubbly is sufficiently saturated with CO2 by subjecting a base wine to a second round of fermentation inside tightly sealed bottles .
After that , the CO2 pressure in the bottle is about six times the normal atmospheric pressure .
When the bottle is uncorked , most of that gas quickly dissipates in a distinctive mist around the open bottle neck , but enough remains in the liquid to sire millions of bubbles , Dr. Liger - Belair says .
Traditionally , champagne bubbles were prized for their size and an aesthetic appeal that 19th century poet Lord Byron praised as " foaming whirls , as white as Cleopatra 's pearls . "
Substituting the tools of chemistry for a wine - taster 's more subjective judgments , Dr. Liger - Belair and his colleagues documented the expanding bubble universe within a glass of champagne .
In their findings , a bubble 's biography begins inside a microscopic cellulose fiber clinging to the glass surface , usually fallen from the air or left by a towel .
Gas builds up in the fiber as champagne splashes into the glass .
When the combination of pressure , surface tension and viscosity is just right , the fiber starts leaking bubbles , the researchers said .
Once settled after pouring , a glass of highly carbonated champagne effervesces at the rate of about 400 bubbles per second , compared with a rate of about 150 bubbles per second for beer , they reported .
Champagne bubbles also are more flexible than beer bubbles , which affects how long they linger at the surface before popping .
As they rise , the bubbles swell to slightly less than a millimeter or so in diameter , absorbing other chemicals from the champagne .
At the surface , they burst in a piquant froth .
Each exploding bubble sprays hundreds of droplets of concentrated compounds into the air , wreathing anyone drinking it in a fragrant mist , mass spectroscopy studies show .
" These tiny droplets are highly concentrated , and this makes you feel directly through your nostrils all those aromatic molecules , " Dr. Liger - Belair says .
Researchers used fluorescent dyes and laser imaging to monitor flow patterns .
They discovered that the shape of a champagne glass can affect how thoroughly bubbles mix the beverage , which could affect its scent and flavor .
Bubbles appeared to mix champagne more completely in a narrow , engraved flute than in the broad , shallow glass called a coupe .
Fizz , they found , seems to please the palette .
Carbonated bubbles in sparkling wine , beer or soda actually activate our taste buds , researchers at Columbia University and University of California , San Diego recently reported .
Their discovery was inspired by reports of mountaineers who had lost their taste for bubbles after taking a medication called acetazolamide , which is used to prevent altitude sickness .
After reaching the mountaintop , the climbers found that their beer tasted flat and soda tasted like dishwater .
They dubbed the effect the champagne blues .
In October , biochemists Charles Zuker at Columbia and Jayaram Chandrashekar at UC San Diego showed that carbonation triggers an enzyme in taste buds that normally sense sourness .
First , they implanted electrodes in normal mice to monitor a nerve connecting taste cells on the tongue .
The nerve reacted to a taste of club soda or even a squirt of CO2 gas .
The researchers then bred genetically engineered mice lacking those taste receptors and repeated the CO2 tests .
" We can make a mouse with all its sour cells gone , " Dr. Zuker says .
" And when we make such a mouse , all CO2 sensing is gone . "
Eventually , they identified a single sour - cell gene , called Car4 , responsible for the enzyme sensitive to the taste of CO2 .
They found that the Car4 enzyme is also blocked by the altitude medication .
" The zing and the tingle you get on your tongue is the stimulation of the sour receptors , " says Dr. Zuker .
Write to Robert Lee Hotz at sciencejournal@wsj.com
Mexico City
In the 40 years since U.S. President Richard Nixon declared a " war on drugs , " the supply and use of drugs has not changed in any fundamental way .
The only difference : a taxpayer bill of more than $ 1 trillion .
A senior Mexican official who has spent more than two decades helping fight the government 's war on drugs summed up recently ...
In the ancient world , a Pagan was anyone who worshiped gods that were different from those worshiped by the Romans and the Greeks before them .
In particular , the Vikings , Anglo - Saxons and the Celts were classified as Pagans and their religious rituals were seen as weird , often because they were !
1. The Druid Ritual of Oak and Mistletoe
To the early Druid priests of Gaul and Britain , the oak tree held great significance in their rituals and was considered sacred .
Likewise , mistletoe , which can grow on the oak , also had an important role in their religion .
According to a Roman chronicler ‘ Pliny the Elder ’ writing in the 1st century AD , it was believed that when mistletoe fell from oak , it was a sign that the tree had been selected by their god .
Pliny states that on the 6th day of the moon , Druid priests dressed in white robes would prepare a banquet beneath the tree and bring up to it two white bulls .
A priest would then climb the tree and cut down a branch of mistletoe with a golden sickle .
The white bulls would be sacrificed while the attendants prayed to a god ; the mistletoe was then given to livestock in a drink which , it was believed , was an antidote to all poisons and would make any barren animal fertile .
2. Anglo -Saxons and the Wild Boar
The boar was a very important symbol in many pagan societies and was associated with both warrior and fertility gods and goddesses .
In the Anglo - Saxon midwinter feast , a wild boar would be sacrificed and vows made for the following year , giving us the tradition of New Years Resolutions .
According to the Roman commentator Tacitus , they would wear boar skin into combat instead of armor , believing it would give them the protection of ‘ the Mother of the gods ’ and guaranteeing the warrior would be fearless in the heat of the battle .
3 . The Pagan Origins of Easter
The word ‘ Easter ’ was first proposed as the name for the Christian celebration of the resurrection of Jesus by the 8th - century monk St Bede .
He derived the word from an Anglo - Saxon mother goddess of the spring , dawn and new life and beginnings , called Easter .
On the day of the spring equinox , 21 March , the Anglo - Saxons held a festival in honor of Easter , during which a rabbit was used as a symbol of fertility and eggs were painted with bright colors to represent the sunlight brought by the coming of spring .
The eggs were then given to friends and families as gifts or used in egg rolling contents .
4. Viking Blood Sacrifice ( Blot )
The Viking blood sacrifice or Blot was practiced at various times of year to give thanks to the gods or to try and please them .
While the blot was usually performed with animal blood , one saga mentions the King of the Swedes being sacrificed to Odin .
The ritual would be performed out in the open and no violence was allowed at the meeting place .
The animal would be sacrificed over an alter made of pilled stones and the blood collected in a bowl .
The priest would recite songs in honor of the god being worshiped then pass the bowl around a flame three times while reciting magic words .
The same was done with the meat of the animal before finally , the priest sprinkled the blood of the sacrificed animal on himself and all attending and poured what was left on the altar .
5 . The Wicker Man
Perhaps the weirdest and most notorious ritual of the ancient Pagans was human sacrifices .
Historians debate whether Pagan cultures actually practiced human sacrifice as most writing on the subject comes from their enemies .
Tales of human sacrifice may be real or just Greek and Roman propaganda designed to encourage support for the war against Pagan cultures from the citizens back home .
In his ‘ Commentaries on the Gallic War’ , Julius Caesar talks about the unusual ritual practiced , according to him , by the Gauls in the 1st century BC .
Although admitting that he had n’t seen the ritual with his own eyes , Caesar claimed that large man-shaped effigy called a Wicker Man would be built out of sticks and set alight , with those to be sacrificed to the gods trapped inside .
Usually , criminals would be used but if none could be found then innocent men would be burned alive instead .
There is no doubt that various cultures during the centuries believed in different magics , superstitions and similar .
Even today , in the modern age , we still have people that believe in the magic and capability of people to cast spells , heal with a touch and deal with negative magic .
As suggested by authenticmagicspells.com , if you think that someone cast a spell on you , you should definitely ask for help from a professional in this field and get your life back on track .
Eli Bendersky has written a short overview article about Pythons _ast module which is supposed to make working with parse trees simpler by transforming them into other trees i.e. abstract syntax trees .
In this article I want to talk a bit about my reservations against this approach which is mostly justified by common wisdom , “ convenience ” and what not .
IMO AST ’s are a stumbling stone in the advancement of language front ends and you can do many things elegantly and more generic without them .
They are there for a reason though and it is not easy to see immediately why you better get away with plain old concrete syntax trees ( CSTs ) .
There are two major reasons I love CSTs .
Parse trees are unambiguously represented by a grammar .
So once you know the grammar you also no how to find and arrange nodes .
For context free languages the grammar contains all syntactical information you ’ll ever need .
The reversion to source code is trivial .
Just traverse the parse tree inorder , visit the leaf nodes containing terminals and concatenate their string content .
Only whitespace has to be inserted .
For parsing purposes grammars are translated into finite state machines .
Those machines can also be used for non-parsing purposes like parse tree interpolation which provides most of the benefits of ASTs but wo n’t cause any additional translation overhead .
I assume 1 . and 2 . wo n’t tell anything new to the reader and it might be 3 . which might contain novel information .
The major argument can be summarized using the following diagram
A grammar gives rise to a number of finite state machines – in fact one machine for one grammar rule .
Not only are those machines used to parse source code into CSTs but they can also be used to operate on them .
In particular they are used to
check correctness of CSTs under transformations
connect individual CST nodes through sequences of other CST nodes ( interpolation ) .
insert CST nodes into sequences of CSTs nodes which make up the content of a particular CST node ( autocompletion )
Any of those tools / services only depend on the given grammar and are universally applicable to all languages .
It is not much unlike regexps and regexp engines which uniformly apply matching and searching to all strings .
Only in the combination of verification , interpolation and autocompletion CSTs actually become handy for manipulation tasks .
They also serve as a foundation for tools which are more close to the actual source code and define transformations in code without any additional syntax .
That ’s also why EasyExtend and successors will never see a particular macro language .
Just like ASTs , macros are an obsolete technology in the light of proper language oriented transformation tools .
Parse tree representations
Take a look at the following AST constructor kept as an example from Eli ’s article
Expression ( body = BinOp ( left = Str ( s = ' xy ' ) , op = Mult ( ) , right = Num ( n = 3 ) ) )
The Expression constructor takes a node of type BinOp and produces a node of type Expression .
It is used to represent that actual Python expression “ xy ” * 3 .
Now take take a look at the following kludge which represents the same information in the form of a concrete syntax tree :
> ; > ; > ; import parser > ; > ; > ; parser . expr ( ' " xy " * 3 ' ) . tolist ( ) [ 258 , [ 326 , [ 303 , [ 304 , [ 305 , [ 306 , [ 307 , [ 309 , [ 310 , [ 311 , [ 312 , [ 313 , [ 314 , [ 315 , [ 316 , [ 317 , [ 3 , ' " xy " ' ] ] ] ] , [ 16 , '*' ] , [ 315 , [ 316 , [ 317 , [ 2 , ' 3 ' ] ] ] ] ] ] ] ] ] ] ] ] ] ] ] ] , [ 4 , '' ] , [ 0 , '' ] ]
The concrete parse tree is represented in the form of a nested list and yields all sorts of numerical tags which identify grammar rules being applied in top down parsing .
The numerical tags shall be called node identifiers or short node ids .
The formatting can be done a little nicer by translating the node ids into node names and displaying the tree in tree form :
eval_input -- NT` 258 testlist -- NT` 326 test -- NT` 303 or_test -- NT` 304 and_test -- NT` 305 not_test -- NT` 306 comparison -- NT` 307 expr -- NT` 309 xor_expr -- NT` 310 and_expr -- NT` 311 shift_expr -- NT` 312 arith_expr -- NT` 313 term -- NT` 314 factor -- NT` 315 power -- NT` 316 atom -- NT` 317 STRING -- T` 3 L` 1 " xy " STAR -- T` 16 L` 1 * factor -- NT` 315 power -- NT` 316 atom -- NT` 317 NUMBER -- T` 2 L` 1 3 ENDMARKER -- T` 0 L` 2 ''
It does n’t change much in principle though .
The AST is an order of magnitude more concise , more readable and better writable .
Searching nodes
Searching within a CST is n’t much of a problem and it is actually quite easy when we know the grammar .
All that is needed are two functions find_first and find_all which keep a node and a node id as arguments .
So when we seek for a particular node e.g. term in the syntax tree we just call find_first ( node , symbol.term ) where symbol.term is the node id of term encoded in symbol .py which is a standard library module .
So for
nd = parser.expr ( ‘” xy ” * 3’ ) .tolist ( ) we can apply find_first ( nd , symbol.term ) which returns
term -- NT` 314 factor -- NT` 315 power -- NT` 316 atom -- NT` 317 STRING -- T` 3 L` 1 " x y "
Traces
We want to name CST constructors just of the nodes they create .
So expr creates a node of type symbol .
expr , STRING a node of token .
STRING and so on .
In order to create a correct expr we have to call lots of node constructors .
In source code this would be something like
expr ( xor_expr ( …( term ( factor ( …( STRING ( “ xy ” ) … ) , STAR ( “ * ” ) , factor ( …( NUMBER ( “ 3 ” ) … ) ) … ) )
This does n’t look much like noise reduction , but now consider this : when expr is created by the parser the parser starts with nothing but a sequence A = ( STRING ( “ xy ” ) , STAR ( “ * ” ) , NUMBER ( “ 3 ” ) ) .
So why is n’t it possible to start with A and expr and build expr(* A ) ?
We want to face a slightly more general problem namely having a sequence of nodes A = ( a1 , a2 , … , ak ) which are not necessarily token and a node constructor expr .
Can we build a node expr( a1 , … , ak ) of type symbol .expr ?
What is needed to identify an admissible sequence A with this property ?
First of all let ’s take a look at the grammar rule description of expr
expr : xor_expr ( ' | ' xor_expr ) *
Any sequence of CST nodes which fits into this description shall be called a trace .
So a sequence of nodes xor_expr VBAR xor_expr VBAR xor_expr is a trace of expr .
But also xor_expr alone is a trace .
So what is needed is to wrap a given sequence A = ( a1 , a2 , … , ak ) into a trace .
We might start with the most simple case of a single node A= ( a ) which shall be wrapped into expr .
As an example we consider A = ( term ) .
Interpolation
In order to wrap term into expr we need a sequence of intermediate nodes xor_expr , and _expr , shift_expr , arith_expr` and then build
[ expr , [ xor_expr , [ and_expr , [ shift_expr , [ arith_expr , term ] ] ] ] ]
This sequence is uniquely determined by expr and term .
In order to build one we must be sure there is no non-trivial information that has to be added like a STRING , NAME or NUMBER token which contains actual information .
So when there is no choice in building a wrapper of type N around M we write {N , M} and call it an interpolation between N and M. Interpolations can always be constructed algorithmically using syntactical information provided by the language grammar alone .
If N = M , we identify {N , N} with N .
We have found already a valid interpolation {expr , term} .
Other valid interpolations are { factor , STRING ( “ xy ” ) } and {factor , NUMBER ( “ 3 ” ) } .
For term this already suffices to build a trace :
{ factor , STRING ( “ xy ” ) } , STAR ( “ * ” ) , { factor , NUMBER ( “ 3 ” ) }
and with this trace we get
{expr , term ( {factor , STRING ( “ xy ” ) } , STAR ( “ * ” ) , { factor , NUMBER ( “ 3 ” ) } ) }
Now we are prepared to define an algorithm :
Let N be a node and A = ( a 1 , ... , ak ) a sequence of nodes .
Consider also the set of all nodes set ( M1 , ... , Mn ) with { N , Mi } , i = 1 , ... ,n being a valid interpolation starting with N. For each Mi , i = 1 , ... , n we try to build a trace TA = ( { A1 , a1 } , { A2 , a1 } , ... , { Ak , ak } ) .
If we have a found a trace for M is we get the result { N , M ( { A1 , a1 } , { A2 , a1 } , ... , { Ak , ak } ) }
Autocompletion
Sometimes our algorithm might fail to find a trace for a node N and a sequence A but the error can still be corrected in a fully determinate fashion .
Take the following rule for example :
dotted_name : NAME ( ‘.’ NAME ) *
together with a sequence A = ( NAME , NAME ) of two nodes .
Obviously we cannot build a valid trace NAME DOT NAME from A directly but the insertion of DOT into the trace is fully determined by the structure of the rule .
Moreover there is no degree of freedom in the selection of the token string for DOT .
It can always only be “ . ” .
So it is possible to omit the DOT in A and still get a uniquely determined trace for dotted_name .
Applications
We ’ve come to an end already .
With the prerequisites given above it is perfectly possible to write
expr( STRING ( “ xy ” ) , STAR ( “ * ” ) , NUMBER ( “ 2 ” ) )
and get a valid parse or even shorten it and write
expr ( ‘” xy ” ‘ , “ * ” , 2 )
which suffices to identify the token .
Remind that this construction yields a parse tree which can be converted immediately to source code .
fn = lambda name , val : expr_stmt ( name , “ = ” , val )
This lambda expression yields bindings of val to name .
For example
fn ( “a ” , expr ( ‘ ” xy ” ‘ , “ * ” , 2 ) ) is the parse tree equivalent of a = “ x y ” * 2 .
Notice that in any case the parse tree is syntactically correct by construction .
Wrapper Functions
Sometimes it is not easy to see how some expression with a particular semantics can be built .
Take a function call for example .
The Python grammar does n’t provide a special node for it but just uses a special form of power which is defined as
power : atom trailer * [‘**’ factor ]
This is very noisy and one better builds a functional wrapper which can be used for all sorts of calls :
def CST_Call ( names , args = None , star_args = None , dstar_args = None ) : Names = [ atom ( names [ 0 ] ) ] for name in names [ 1 : ] : Names .
append ( trailer ( '.' , name ) ) ARGS = list ( args ) if args else [ ] if star_args : ARGS + = [ '*' , star_args ] if dstar_args : ARGS + = [ '**' , dstar_args ] if ARGS : return [ symbol .
power ] + Names + [ trailer ( '(' , arglist ( * ARGS ) , ' ) ' ) ] else : return [ symbol .
power ] +
Names + [ trailer ( '(' , ' ) ' ) ]
Tyler Hicks / The New York Times
There was Teddy May , the colorful former superintendent of city sewers , working a mouthful of tobacco with what teeth he had left while spinning his implausible story .
And there with him was Robert Daley , the young writer , asking the questions that would give new life — and credibility — to one of the great legends of New York City .
“ I says to myself them guys been drinking , ” Mr. May began .
“ I ’ll go down there , ” he continued , “ And prove to youse guys that there ai n’t no alligators in my sewers . ”
Arthur Brower / The New York Times
That conversation on a Hell ’s Kitchen stoop about whether giant reptiles patrolled the city sewers was made public 50 years ago in Mr. Daley ’s 1959 book “ The World Beneath the City . ”
The account took what had been a rumor propped up by a few isolated occurrences and helped transform it into one of those cherished facts about New York that do n’t have to be true to be endlessly repeated .
That ’s because , as he was saying , Mr. May decided to go down to sewers himself to determine whether there was anything other than an excess of whiskey behind his inspectors ’ reports of narrow escapes from alligators .
That startling description of what he found , given by the man affectionately known as the King of the Sewers and recounted by a journalist , was immortalized in “ The World Beneath the City ” :
Alligators serenely paddling around in his sewers .
The beam of his own flashlight had spotlighted alligators whose length , on the average , was about two feet .
Some may have been longer .
Avoiding the swift current of the trunk lines under major avenues , the beasts had wormed up the smaller pipes under less important neighborhoods , and there Teddy had found them .
The colony appeared to have settled contentedly under the very streets of the busiest city in the world .
The legend of alligators in the sewers — discarded pets that have grown large in the bowels of the city , the story goes — leans heavily on a widely cited three - page section of the book .
( The city and the state no longer allow alligators or their near - relatives to be kept as pets . )
Despite repeatedly being discredited by scientists who insist that neither alligators nor their near - relatives caimans could survive the pollution , the lack of light , the limited food and the cold winters , the story has been embraced elsewhere .
The subterranean reptiles appear in literature ( Thomas Pynchon ’s “ V. ” ) , movies ( “ Alligator ” and “ Alligator 2 : The Mutation ” ) , television ( the History Channel recently asked , “ What if one of the most famous and terrifying urban legends was not a legend but a frightening fact ? ” ) and even embraced by the city ’s Department of Environmental Protection .
( Though the agency insists the sewers are free of alligators , it sells T - shirts emblazoned with the “ house mascot . ” )
These stories were backed by scattered reports , mostly very old , of alligators living in sewer systems that appeared in papers around the country , including Atlanta , Dallas and Newark .
The most widely cited of these was an article in The Times on Feb. 10 , 1935 , headlined “ Alligator Found in Uptown Sewer . ”
That article described several people — led by a teenager named Salvatore Condoluci — who had caught and ultimately killed a seven- to eight - foot - long alligator they discovered beneath an open manhole on 123rd Street near the Harlem River .
However , the reptile was described as sickly , lacking “ the robust vigor of a healthy , well - sunned alligator , ” and it was assumed that its stay in the sewers had been brief .
Meyer Berger , who wrote the About New York column for The Times , recounted in 1957 that in the mid-1930s , sewer alligators “ seemed to thrive below the pavement ” in “ rather frightening numbers . ”
The column , which offered no attribution , added : “ They were destroyed systematically and the threat of an alligator invasion died away . ”
“ These tales had a journalistic background , ” said Loren Coleman , director and curator of the International Cryptozoology Museum in Portland , Me. , who has researched and written about the topic for decades .
“ Daley ’s book came along , and it was almost like independent confirmation . ”
Mr. Daley said in an interview last week that he initially resisted writing “ The World Beneath the City , ” which chronicles the history of New York ’s underground infrastructure , because he wanted to write novels .
He changed his mind when the publisher offered a $ 1,000 advance , which was followed by $ 1,700 a year later .
( He went on to work for The Times , where his father , Arthur , was a Pulitzer - winning sports columnist and where his daughter Suzanne is currently the national editor . )
When discussing the book with James A. Lundy , a former Queens borough president , Mr. Daley said he was told to speak with Edward P. May , known as Teddy .
“ Ask him about the alligators , ” Mr. Lundy commanded .
So Mr. Daley sat on a stoop with Mr. May , who described his story of disbelief and discovery and detailed his efforts to rid the sewers of the alligators : poisoning some , chasing others into the fast - moving main tunnels where they were swept out to sea , and permitting his inspectors to hunt down the rest with rifles and pistols for sport .
The New York Times Studio
“ He started telling me about the alligators in the sewer , ” Mr. Daley remembered .
“ He was n’t joking .
He told me a lot of good stuff , and I accepted it as the truth . ”
“ He convinced me it was a true story without even trying , ” he added .
“ He was n’t trying to win me over or convince me — the stuff just kept coming out . ”
He said he still believed that Mr. May was telling the truth , even if the numbers could have been exaggerated .
“ And besides , ” Mr. Daley added , “ it made a terrific story .
How could you turn that down ? ”
The tale spread rapidly .
When Mr. May died in 1960 , after the publication of the book , his obituary in The Times said , “ Once Mr. May led a squad in cleaning the sewers of a number of live alligators that , discarded in the sewers as tiny pets , and survived and grown large . ”
In his 1963 debut novel “ V. , ” Mr. Pynchon envisioned a city - run Alligator Patrol — as in , “ Look sharp , men of the Alligator Patrol ” — whose job it was to hunt the giant , sewer - dwelling alligators .
And in 1966 , an 11 - year - old Frank Indiviglio descended into the Bronx sewer system with a rope and a hook baited with lunch meat , looking for alligators .
“ I spent a summer down there searching for them , ” Mr. Indiviglio said .
“ A couple of hours a day , I went down there and fished for them .
I knew a little bit about alligators even then , so I thought it was a little iffy .
But people swore they were down there . ”
Mr. Indiviglio went on to spend decades as a zoologist with the Bronx Zoo and is now a writer for a pet care Web site .
His expertise is reptiles , and he now shares the consensus view that conditions would make it impossible for alligators to survive in the sewers .
Natalie Behring for The New York Times
Steven Lawitts , acting commissioner of the Department of Environmental Protection , which oversees the sewers , repeated that official position last Wednesday , adding the prudent caveats .
“ The legend lives on , but it ’s not true , to our knowledge , ” he said .
“ We have had no alligator sightings dead or alive , except on our T - shirts . ”
Still , the occasional discovery of above - ground alligators in New York — on Staten Island , in Central Park or in Queens — refreshes the story .
And of course , there was that one case in 1935 .
Salvatore Condoluci , the teenager who roped that alligator , is now 92 .
Though he has forgotten some of the details , he still remembers hearing the thrashing in the icy water beneath the manhole , first seeing the creature ’s head , and using a rope to lasso and haul it to the surface .
But Mr. Condoluci is n’t sure whether he believes that other alligators lurk below .
“ I do n’t know , ” he said .
“ I really do n’t know . ”
Le désir de consommation sort - il émoussé de la crise ?
Une question pressante pour toutes les entreprises désireuses de voir leurs courbes de ventes renouer avec la croissance .
Selon une étude annuelle de TNS Sofres , pour l'agence publicitaire Australie , dont les résultats ont été publiés mardi 20 octobre , 43 % des Français déclarent ne pas avoir envie de dépenser pour le plaisir .
Une progression de 11 % en un an .
Ce moindre désir d'emplettes se double d'une évolution paradoxale .
Il y a un an , alors que la déflagration de la crise financière faisait sentir ses effets , les Français interrogés avaient le moral en berne .
Aujourd ' hui , l'optimisme est remonté en flèche , en particulier en ce qui concerne leur situation personnelle .
De plus , le nombre de personnes déclarant avoir les moyens de consommer augmente même de 9 points , pour atteindre 35 % .
" Pour la première fois , l'envie d'acheter n'est plus liée au moral ou aux revenus " , constate Vincent Leclabart , patron de l'agence Australie , qui ajoute qu'" une distance s'est opérée avec le modèle consommatoire " .
Autres signes de cette prise de distance , le nombre de personnes qui se déclarent indifférentes aux marques dans cette étude de TNS Sofres augmente aussi pour atteindre 59 % , contre 39 % qui se disent toujours attirées par elles .
Et 74 % jugent la publicité ennuyeuse .
Dans ce contexte , les courses apparaissent de plus en plus comme une corvée pour 63 % des personnes interrogées .
Pourtant , selon les prévisions , la consommation des ménages devrait rester positive sur l'ensemble de l'année .
Même si ce moteur traditionnel de l'économie française a montré , cet été , des signes d'essoufflement avec une baisse de 1,2 % en juillet et de 1 % en août des dépenses en produits manufacturés , selon les chiffres de l'Insee .
Cette baisse de régime est survenue malgré un bond des ventes d'automobiles lié à la prime à la casse .
Dans d'autres secteurs , comme le textile , les arbitrages de consommation se font plus durement sentir .
Selon l'Institut français de la mode ( IFM ) , la vente d'articles d'habillement et de textile a baissé de 4,3 % en valeur entre janvier et août 2009 , et septembre s'est soldé par une nouvelle chute de 8,1 % .
Le marché avait déjà affiché un recul en 2008 , provenant essentiellement d'une baisse des prix .
Or , cette année , la chasse aux bonnes affaires , toujours d'actualité , s'accompagne d'une réduction du nombre de vêtements achetés .
" Les gens diffèrent leurs achats , renoncent à certaines marques , achètent moins et des produits de meilleure qualité " , affirme Laurent Habib , directeur général d'Havas France , dont la filiale Euro RSCG C&O a également mené une enquête sur le portrait du consommateur de l'après - crise .
Selon les résultats de l'étude réalisée par Harris Interactive , 7 consommateurs sur 10 sont dans des logiques d'attente ou de substitution .
" Désormais la consommation doit être justifiée , pour soi-même ou pour les autres " , souligne M. Habib .
Les clients se posent de plus en plus de questions :
" En ai - je vraiment besoin ? " ; " Pourrais - je trouver l'équivalent moins cher ? " ; " Puis - je me le permettre ? "
Le nouveau consommateur , devenu plus expert , doit gérer la complexité des éléments de choix , voire assumer ses contradictions .
Pour Gérard Mermet , auteur de l'ouvrage Francoscopie ( Larousse ) , " les consommateurs sont devenus des expérimentateurs " .
" La crise a donné une nouvelle résonance aux critiques sur le modèle de l'hyperconsommation perceptibles depuis le début des années 2000 " , souligne Philippe Moati , directeur de recherche au Crédoc .
Selon lui , l '" exigence du " tout , tout de suite " a fait retomber le soufflé du plaisir associé à une nouvelle consommation " .
" Il y a toujours du désir , mais l'impulsion est de plus en plus encadrée " , explique Rémy Oudghiri , d'Ipsos Marketing , qui ne croit pas à une remise en question de la consommation en tant que telle , mais à une accélération des évolutions .
La prise de conscience croissante des enjeux écologiques est une des évolutions marquantes .
Mais si les Français sont plus nombreux à vouloir acheter des produits bio ou respectueux de l'environnement , ils ne sont pas prêts à dépenser plus .
Leur attente est forte dans ce domaine vis -à - vis des entreprises .
" Elles doivent intégrer la vertu écologique sans demander d'effort au client " , assure Rémy Sansaloni , de TNS Sofres .
" Il y a quatre points essentiels pour les marques aujourd ' hui : l'environnement , la qualité , les prix bas et la politique sociale de l'entreprise " , conclut M. Habib .
Laurence Girard
This week my wife and I took a rather large leap in the dark .
We did something that many people dream of ; something that many more think is daft or even dangerous : we sold our house in Bristol and bought a 10 - acre woodland in Somerset .
Which in itself is only semi-daft , it 's the next bit that makes people think we 're either visionary or deranged : we 're going to run the woodland as a communal shelter for people facing a period of personal crisis .
We have n't made the leap without a vast amount of preparation .
We 've spent the last five years visiting and living on similar communities , sometimes staying for weeks or even months at a time .
We 've discussed the idea with enthusiasts and sceptics so often that we know all about the ideals and brutal realities of communal living .
We 've surveyed 15 or 20 woodlands and have , for what it 's worth , read all the books .
I myself wrote one about it a while back .
But we would n't be going anywhere if we had n't had the great fortune of finding a community that is exactly what we hope , in a tiny way , to emulate .
The Pilsdon Community near Bridport in Dorset was set up 51 years ago .
It was based on Nicholas Ferrar 's Little Gidding and on the radical monasticism of the early Christian church .
It 's still very similar today to what it was in 1958 : a working farm where 25 or 30 people live together to work the land and reflect on their lives .
It welcomes all - comers , particularly those on the margins of society : wayfarers , refugees , those struggling with mental illness , addiction , bereavement , penury or separation .
It might sound like an explosive cocktail of characters , but if you go there it's hard not to be blown away by the beauty , peace and serenity of it .
Although everyone is united by some kind of sorrow , it 's a surprisingly cheerful place .
There 's a lot of banter and laughter .
Nobody there feels like a " charity case " , even though it 's a place where people are gradually putting their lives back together ; where they start to heal and become whole once more .
It 's difficult to put into words quite why we want to try and do something similar .
In part it 's because it feels to me as if old - fashioned charity is at the far periphery of our life .
We have a few standing orders to worthy causes and put a small cheque in the post , or do a soup run , once in a while .
But that sort of charity seems increasingly to me like carbon offsetting : a way to cleanse our conscience , to make us feel better about the fact that actually we could keep living just the way we want .
It 's a sop , nothing more .
I want charity , in the old cliche , to begin at home , to be an integral part of our lives – not just something we do with loose change once in a while .
We 're also doing it , funnily enough , for our children .
Friends who are sceptical about our project are aghast at the prospect of us taking such a risky step with tiny daughters in tow .
And we know that , despite all sorts of safeguards , they will be exposed to the rough end of life .
But we 've never wanted our children to be brought up surrounded by the most privileged in society .
If anything , we hope for exactly the opposite .
We do n't want to pretend life is a breeze and insulate them against suffering .
We want them to see it early and learn what might be done to mitigate it .
Over the years we 've met many children brought up on comparable shelters and their maturity and humanity , their gentility and empathy , are astonishing .
The hope is that our children , too , will learn about vulnerability when they 're still living in a warm , loving home ; that they will , over the years , begin to learn about addiction , displacement , bereavement , poverty , prison and so on .
That , to us , seems much more important than A - level results or a good degree .
And I suppose I say that because I 'm very sceptical about the modern , gated , defensive definition of family .
While I believe passionately in the importance of family , I think the two - generational nuclear family – " two up , two down " – is an abnormal sociological departure of the 20th century .
It is one of the primary causes of rampant consumption because every little unit of human beings has to buy all the appliances and expensive gadgets and toys , many of which are only used once in a blue moon .
The nuclear family has created an epidemic of depression and stress because there 's simply not enough time for two adults to do all the work to earn the money to pay for the nanny to do shopping to feed the children and so on .
The modern , narrow definition of the word has turned the family – once a castle of inclusivity – into an excuse for exclusivity .
Nowadays the phrase " I 've got to think about my family " invariably means " screw you " .
I 've come to believe in another F word , which seems closer to the older , almost Mediterranean , sense of family : fellowship .
As William Morris wrote in A Dream of John Ball , " fellowship is heaven , and lack of fellowship is hell : fellowship is life , and lack of fellowship is death " .
We are also making the leap because I have a very weird job .
Being a freelance writer is , in many ways , wonderful .
It 's an immense privilege to be able to sell your words .
But it 's often a lonely , isolated , self - indulgent career and – with all due respect for writers – by no means the most noble of vocations .
Every week I talk to friends who have saved lives in hospitals , or who have saved lives metaphorically in schools , and I envy them their jobs .
I even envy them their hours : writing is such an intense activity that I can rarely write for more than four or five hours a day .
All writers , the honest ones at least , say the same .
And even if I did sit at my desk for longer , I just do n't think I would have enough to say to the world ; and I 'm not sure the world would want to listen .
So I find myself in the opposite position of most of my peers – having no disposable income , but having disposable hours .
I was looking for something social , altruistic , physical and stimulating to do with my afternoons and , strange as it sounds , communal forestry just seemed to fit the bill .
Survival of the weakest
We settled on the idea of a woodland shelter , rather than a traditional farm , for simplicity .
I 've lived on farms and know what a colossal amount of work , stress and paperwork is involved in looking after livestock .
I did n't want vets ' bills and , now that our children sleep well beyond 5 am , I certainly did n't want crack - of - dawn milking .
When you have livestock you can rarely , if ever , go away and that 's a real issue if half of your family and friends are in Italy ( I 'm married to an Italian ) .
A deciduous woodland just seemed so much simpler and , to my tastes , so much more aesthetic .
You can , if necessary , just ignore it , just let it be .
But when you 're ready , it will provide all the fuel necessary to heat the house and cook the food .
Being a ( very amateur ) chair - maker , I will find in the woodland all the raw materials for legs and spindles and so on .
The woodland will provide building materials and , judging by the huge clusters of nuts and berries there at the moment , a surprising amount of food .
But most of all we 're taking our leap in the dark because we 've belatedly realised that the sermon on the mount might actually be a manifesto for life , rather than a few nice ideals to take out for a spin on a Sunday morning .
We 've come to believe in the survival of the weakest , not just the fittest .
William Vanstone once came out with the great line that the Church is like a swimming pool : all the noise is at the shallow end .
We felt called to the deep end , to the place where it 's more quiet , more dangerous maybe , more radical .
Which is why the accusation I frequently hear levelled at communal projects – that they 're ghettos , full of slightly demented escapists who can't deal with the real world – seems to me completely misplaced .
In a few cases ( especially the newsworthy , extremist ones ) it 's true : there are communities that are isolated retreats , places that build metaphorical moats around themselves and their own paranoia and end up becoming doolally cults .
But all the communities I admire ( and I 'm talking about L'Arche , Emmaus , Toc- H , Camphill , Nomadelfia , Pilsdon and so on ) are actually far less ghettoised than the real world : these are the places that throw open the doors to those who are normally excluded .
These are the places where there is true plurality and radical hospitality , where the uninvited are welcomed and given a place at the table .
And that , perhaps , is why I 'm not overly obsessed with self - sufficiency .
Admire it as I do , self - sufficiency has always seemed to me to have a whiff of the ghettoised retreat , a heavy hint of mighty - me - against - the - world - ism .
Whilst we keep chickens , bees , geese , grow our own veg and all that malarkey , we 're actually more interested in interdependency than independence .
We 're more interested in creating ties than in cutting them .
Maybe it 's just that I prefer the less alliterative shared - or group - sufficiency .
The need to belong
It might all sound very ambitious , but we 're going to start very small and very slowly .
We 're going to move into the Hansel - and - Gretel house in the woods , with its thick beams and many fireplaces , and see what happens .
We 'll probably only have a guest or two to start with .
There 's enough land , and enough outbuildings , to accommodate many more , but we want to take the time to get it right .
We 've got enough links with local and national charities to get referrals , when we 're ready , from near and far .
But getting people who want to come and stay wo n't be the problem .
The problem will be how we find the food and , especially , the time for them .
There are all sorts of issues that will need addressing as the shelter evolves : leadership , ownership , finances , rules and so on .
I have a fairly good idea about some of them , but not all .
As regards leadership , I 've always been more convinced by communities that have a wise , humble , collegiate leader than ones where every decision has to be approved by a whole load of cliquey equals .
So I 'm pretty sure that the place will need a leader , and I 'm sure that that person is n't me .
I 'm also pretty sure that it will have to be a dry house , and one where people will be asked to leave if they become in any way violent .
We 're well aware that there will be many difficulties in the early years as exalted idealism crashes into grubby reality .
But I 'm hopeful that we 'll be able to make ends meet by offering accommodation to a variety of people beyond those facing personal crises .
There may be paying guests who will want to learn the kinds of things we can , between us , teach them : chair - making or beekeeping or Italian cookery or creative writing .
We expect to end up hosting Italian students needing to learn English , or even Brits wanting to learn Italian .
We should be able to make a bit of money selling firewood and chairs and charcoal .
And I 'm not giving up my day ( or , rather , morning ) job .
But as regards the legal structure of the place , for the moment it 's just a big family home and we take our lead , as always , from the lady who wears the pantaloni .
I hope no one will make the mistake of thinking that we 're unusually strong or pious .
We 've got more than our fair share of weaknesses and have both gone through enough troubles to know that we need a woodland shelter as much as the next man , woman or child .
In fact , we can only afford this one because of a few bereavements of our own .
So it 's not really about us nobly helping the needy , but about us recognising our own needs : the need to find a pace of life that is more natural and peaceful .
The need to open our doors to providence .
The need to return to the land and rediscover what monastics used to call the " laborious leisure " of manual labour .
The need to give up our belongings to get something much better in return , the holy grail of modern life : belonging .
If other people have similar needs , and if we can meet them mutually , the shelter might have some chance of success .
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
Following the revelations by Kim Jong - Il 's personal shopper rhow the North Korean leader lives in luxury while his people starve , Mirror.co.uk lists ten more of his maddest moments ...
1 ) Last November , Kim Jong - Il banned the World Cup from being broadcast in his country unless they win .
The communist country 's state - run TV stations have been ordered not to broadcast live matches or games involving other nations , with only heavily edited highlights of North Korean victories permitted to be screened .
2 ) You may not be aware of this , but Kim Jong - Il is in fact the world 's greatest golfer .
According to an official government handout marking his 62nd birthday , its claimed Kim celebrated by demolishing a par 72 course in just 34 strokes , managing a world record five hole - in - ones on the way .
To top it all , the superhuman round was apparently the first time he had actually played the sport .
3 ) In 2006 , German giant rabbit breeder Karl Szmolinsky was contacted by Pyongyang , asking if they could buy 12 of the bumper bunnies .
Having seen the massive rabbits in a newspaper , Kim planned to set up a breeding programme to boost meat production in the famine - hit country .
Despite Szmolinsky warning that the rabbits would make the situation worse - they only yield about 15 pounds of meat and have a huge appetite for carrots and potatoes - Kim insisted the animals should still be sent .
Szmolinsky claims once the animals arrived Kim ate them himself as part of his birthday celebrations .
4 ) In 2004 , a former chef for Kim revealed that the North Korean leader employs staff to make sure that the grains of his rice served to him are absolutely uniform in size and colour .
5 ) His official biography claims that his birth was foretold by a swallow and led to the appearance of a double rainbow along with the emergence of a new star in space .
6 ) Hacked off by the lack of film - makers in his native land , in 1978 Kim arranged for two South Korean directors to be kidnapped from Hong Kong and brought to him .
They tried to escape but eventually relented , making a string of movies for him including the cult Godzilla rip - off Pulgasari .
7 ) After being told by doctor 's to give up smoking in 2007 , Kim quit then decided he needed to go one step further to protect his health and so outlawed fags for the rest of his compatriots with a nationwide ban .
8 ) According to Russian emissary Konstantin Pulikovsky who travelled with Mr Kim by train across Eastern Europe , Kim had live lobsters air - lifted to the train every day which he ate with silver chopsticks .
9 ) After suffering a back injury following a horse riding accident , Kim was prescribed painkillers .
Fearful of becoming addicted , he ordered a half - dozen of his closest staff to receive the same injection under the logic that if he became dependent , he would n't be the only one .
10 .
As well as being something of a foodie , Kim knows his booze .
According to Hennessy , Kim is one their single biggest customers , importing $ 350,000 worth of the cognac every year .
A newly - released picture of Mr Moore ( left ) shows how he has changed Freed British hostage Peter Moore has told how he was subjected to " rough treatment " while in captivity but treated well in the final six months .
BBC security correspondent Frank Gardner said Mr Moore had told his family that from June he had even had access to a TV and a Playstation .
Our correspondent said Mr Moore and his bodyguards were separated soon after their kidnapping in Iraq in May 2007 .
The Guardian has claimed Mr Moore and his four bodyguards were held in Iran .
Three of the bodyguards were killed ; the fourth is also thought to be dead .
Iran has dismissed reports of its involvement as " baseless " , the AFP news agency has reported .
' House arrest ' Frank Gardner said that since June , Mr Moore had been given markedly better treatment by his captors , effectively placed under house arrest , with en suite facilities , access to satellite TV , a laptop - though not online - and a Playstation .
This was in contrast to much rougher treatment earlier on in his captivity .
Our correspondent said that Mr Moore 's bodyguards were treated by their captors as " military personnel " , in contrast to Mr Moore , who was treated as a civilian .
Mr Moore is expected to return to the UK within days .
The Guardian reported that all five were taken to a camp in Iran within a day of being seized .
The UK Foreign Office said it had seen the " speculation " about Iran 's role in the kidnappings .
A spokesman added : " Iran of course has an influence in Iraq , but we have no evidence to substantiate claims of direct involvement in this case . "
ANALYSIS BBC security correspondent Frank Gardner
The findings in the Guardian 's year - long investigation into alleged Iranian involvement in kidnapping Britons in Iraq are being disputed by both British and Iraqi government officials .
A senior Foreign Office official said that while it was " not impossible " that the British hostages had , at some stage , been taken across the border into Iran , that did not mean the Iranian authorities themselves were behind the kidnapping .
The British government view remains that there is no firm evidence to suggest Iranian government involvement .
But the Guardian is sticking by its story which includes interviews with a number of people who say Iran 's Revolutionary Guards were behind the kidnapping .
The Foreign Office agrees there are close links between the kidnappers and Iran 's Revolutionary Guards who have provided them and other Iraqi militias with training , funding and weapons .
Surprise release poses questions Iran 's Revolutionary Guards US General David Petraeus , the US 's top military commander in the region , told the BBC earlier this month that he thought " it was 90 % certain " the Britons had been held in Iran .
But our security correspondent said this was " not the same as saying that this was directed from the top by the Iranian leadership " .
The Guardian quoted an unnamed former Revolutionary Guard saying : " It was an Iranian kidnap , led by the Revolutionary Guard , carried out by the al - Quds brigade . "
The newspaper also said a serving Iraqi government minister with close links to Iran had told its reporter it was an Iranian Revolutionary Guard operation .
' Absolutely confident ' But Sami al - Askari - an MP and a senior adviser to Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri Maliki - has denied the Guardian 's allegation that Iran masterminded the kidnap .
The newspaper also alleged that , as the chief negotiator , he flew to Iran several times to talk with the hostage - takers , which he has also denied to the BBC .
Mr Askari said he had been involved in talks with the kidnap group inside Iraq , which were continuing over the whereabouts of the final hostage Alan McMenemy , who is thought to be dead .
THE GUARDIAN'S ACCOUNT Kidnap takes place at Finance Ministry in Baghdad Hostages taken to Sadr City Guardian claims the hostages are later taken to various locations in Iran , including camps at Qasser Shiereen and Tehran Pars Guardian journalist Maggie O'Kane , who was involved in the investigation , told the BBC : " We are absolutely confident of the work we have done on the story . "
Frank Gardner said the paper 's investigation did not provide conclusive proof the men had been taken to Iran .
But he said the witnesses appeared to be credible and some had been re-interviewed by the BBC .
Iranian foreign ministry spokesman Ramin Mehmanparast said the Guardian 's reports " emanate from the British anger towards the rallies in which millions of Iranians took part to condemn British interference in ( Iran's ) internal affairs , " according to the AFP news agency .
Brown thanks Iraqis Mr Moore spent the night after his release at the British Embassy in Baghdad , where he has received medical attention and support as he prepares to return to the UK .
He will also receive formal debriefing sessions .
Downing Street said Prime Minister Gordon Brown had spoken to his Iraq counterpart Nouri Maliki on Thursday to thank him for his efforts in the release of Mr Moore .
" They also discussed shared concerns for Alan McMenemy , " said a spokesman .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The bodies of Mr Moore 's British guards Jason Swindlehurst , from Skelmersdale , Lancashire , and Jason Creswell , of Glasgow , were returned to the UK in June 2009 , followed by that of Alec MacLachlan , of Llanelli , Carmarthenshire , in September .
Mr Moore had been working for US management consultancy Bearingpoint in Iraq , while the other men were security contractors employed to guard him .
The kidnappers were understood to belong to an obscure militia known as the Islamic Shia Resistance , which demanded the release of up to nine of their associates held in US military custody since early 2007 .
Several had already been handed to the Iraqi government and some had since been freed under the reconciliation process .
Frank Gardner said a senior Whitehall official had confirmed Qais Al - Khazaali - the leader of the kidnap group - was released " very recently " by the US to the Iraqi authorities .
Mr Khazaali had been suspected of involvement in the kidnapping and eventual killing of five US soldiers , he added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In the end it was not the power of repentance or compassion that compelled the Roman Catholic Diocese of Bridgeport , Conn. , to release more than 12,000 pages of documents relating to lawsuits alleging decades of sexual abuse of children by its priests .
It was a court order .
The diocese had spent seven years fighting a lawsuit brought by The New York Times and three other newspapers to unseal the records in 23 lawsuits involving accusations against seven priests .
The diocese , which settled those cases in 2002 , was ready to battle all the way to the United States Supreme Court to keep the archive secret .
It lost in October , when the justices declined to hear its appeal .
Much about those cases was known , and the documents do not greatly revise our knowledge about the scandal that engulfed the entire church after erupting in Boston in 2002 .
The accounts of priests preying on children , being moved among parishes and shielded by their bishops while their accusers were ignored or bullied into silence , are a familiar , awful story .
But still it is hard not to feel a chill reading the testimony from two depositions given in 1997 and 1999 by Edward Egan , who was then bishop of Bridgeport and later named a cardinal and archbishop of New York .
As he skirmishes with lawyers , he betrays a distressing tendency to disbelieve accusers and to shuck off blame .
It is no secret that there has been a great deal of hype surrounding the iPhone and it is also no secret that Apple probably has the most loyal and fanatic customers in the world .
Here at Strand Consult we have been following the iPhone market and how it has been developing since the beginning .
The time that has elapsed from sending out our initial research notes about the iPhone , up to the period surrounding the launch of our report
The moment of truth , a portrait of the iPhone has been very exciting .
One of the areas that has fascinated us the most , is the approach that Apple and the iPhone fans have had to the product , and the energy they have spent defending the product despite the shortcomings and limitations of both past and present versions of the iPhone .
Simply put , Apple has launched a beautiful phone with a fantastic user interface that has had a number of technological shortcomings that many iPhone users have accepted and defended , despite those shortcomings resulting in limitations in iPhone users ’ daily lives .
When we examine the iPhone users ’ arguments defending the iPhone , it reminds us of the famous Stockholm Syndrome – a term that was invented by psychologists after a hostage drama in Stockholm .
Here hostages reacted to the psychological pressure they were experiencing , by defending the people that had held them hostage for 6 days .
You can read more about the Stockholm Syndrome here :
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stockholm_syndrome
Below is a selection of some of the arguments that various hard - core iPhone fanatics have been using since the iPhone initially launched :
1 . The first iPhone was not a 3G phone :
What do you need 3G for ?
You can easily use the iPhone without using a 3G network and anyway , 3G is not particularly widespread , so this is not a problem .
2 . The phone cannot send MMS :
There is no need to send MMSs , hardly anybody sends MMSs .
3 . You cannot forward a SMS :
This is a function that hardly anybody uses and was therefore not included in the first iPhones .
4 . The phone has a poor camera :
The built - in camera is perfectly adequate and the iPhone takes fantastic photos with its camera .
5 . It is not a real Smartphone , it cannot multitask :
The phone has all the necessary functions and the OS is technically superior compared to other Smartphone OSs currently on the mobile market .
6 . The iPhone cannot multitask , resulting in a great number of applications being unusable :
The absence of multitasking is a deliberate design decision resulting in a faster UI .
7 . You can not change battery on the iPhone : How many customers run around with spare batteries ?
None or very few .
8 . Apple decides which applications you can install on the phone :
This is good , because Apple thereby ensures that you do not get inferior programs on your phone .
9 . The app store is a closed universe : Apple knows what is best for end users , which is good for the many iPhone users .
10 .
The phone does not support Java , so games need to be developed especially for the iPhone : Java is slow and not properly integrated with mobile phones , games for the iPhone are much better because they are directly developed for the iPhone .
11 . The app store contains numerous small trivial commercial programs :
The app store ’s large selection gives users the freedom of choice and the many small programs help make the end users daily lives more fun .
12 . It is difficult to use the touchscreen for fast SMS messaging :
The touchscreen makes the phone easier to use and you quickly get used to it .
13 . The iPhone is a low technology phone packaged in a sleek design : Apple has taken the combination of the design and UI to the next level , therefore the technological specifications do n’t really matter .
14 .
The quality of the phone is poor , calls are often interrupted and network coverage is poor :
It is a good phone , these problems are due to the operators ’ networks and not the phone .
15 .
You can only purchase the iPhone from operators chosen by Apple : Apple has spent a great deal of time and energy selecting the best operators for customers .
16 . The iPhone is targeted at a niche segment and will not be able to develop further : Apple has succeeded in designing a phone for people that appreciate design and user friendliness .
17 . The iPhone does not support memory cards : Iphones already offer the necessary memory people require and end users can choose between two models , one with a little memory and one with a great deal of memory .
18 . You can not install your own browser :
The browser Apple has designed is so superior that you do not need any other browser on your phone .
19 .
You cannot use the iPhone as a modem for your portable PC : People that have an iPhone do not need their portable when on the move .
20 .
There is no radio in the phone :
You do not need a radio in your iPhone because the iPhone supports iTunes that offers almost unlimited music .
There are many arguments for and against the iPhone , on the other hand there is no doubt that Apple has some of the most loyal end users on the market and that iPhone users will go out of their way to defend the phone they love and worship .
There are many similarities to the Stockholm Syndrome and from an outside perspective there is little doubt that many mobile phone manufacturers are most probably envious of the users on Apple ’s platform .
In reality the iPhone is surrounded by a multitude of people , media and companies that are happy to bend the truth to defend the product they have purchased from Apple .
There are indeed many similarities between the Stockholm Syndrome http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stockholm_syndrome and what we have taken the liberty to start calling the “ iPhone Syndrome ” – and if you are one of the many other phone manufacturers : Nokia , Sony Ericsson , Samsung , LG , HTC etc. , you will most probably be very envious of the euphoria that Apple has invoked in their customers .
If you would like to learn more about the iPhone and the iPhone market you can receive a free copy of Strand Consult ’s report
The moment of truth , a portrait of the iPhone , you are welcome to order your free copy here :
http://www.strandreports.com/sw3871.asp .
The Australian prime minister , Kevin Rudd , has said he would consider an inquiry into the Church of Scientology after a senator tabled allegations against the organisation including forced abortions , assault , torture , imprisonment , covering up sexual abuse , embezzlement of church funds and blackmail .
Senator Nick Xenophon tabled letters from former officials and staff of the Church of Scientology alleging criminal activity , and demanded a review of the organisation 's tax exempt status .
" Scientology is not a religious organisation , it is a criminal organisation that hides behind its so - called religious beliefs , " he told the senate .
Among the letters tabled was one written by Aaron Saxton , from Perth , who said he engaged in torture and blackmail while working for the church in Australia and at its American headquarters between 1989 and 1996 .
Rudd said the allegations were " grave " and that he would consider an inquiry , but said the evidence needed to be looked at carefully .
" Many people in Australia have real concerns about Scientology .
I share some of those concerns .
But let us proceed carefully , and look carefully at the material which he has provided , before we make a decision on further parliamentary action , " Rudd said .
Xenophon , an independent member of the Australian parliament who built a reputation fighting the spread of poker machines in his home state , South Australia , tabled the documents in the senate saying he had also referred the allegations to New South Wales and Australian federal police .
Xenophon said he had received letters from many more former church members who were too afraid to talk to authorities .
The letter from Aaron Saxton claimed he had assisted in the forced confinement and torture of a female church member who was kept under house arrest , Xenophon told the Senate .
Saxton also said he was involved in coercing female followers to have abortions to keep followers loyal to the organisation and to allow them to keep working for it .
" Aaron says women who fell pregnant were taken to offices and bullied to have an abortion .
If they refused , they faced demotion and hard labour , " Xenophon said .
" Aaron says one staff member used a coat hanger and self - aborted her child for fear of punishment . " .
One letter from a former executive director of the Sydney branch of the church , Carmel Underwood , said that when she fell pregnant she was put under extreme pressure to have an abortion .
" Carmel says she also witnessed a young girl who had been molested by her father being coached as to what she should say to investigating authorities in order to keep the crimes secret , " Xenophon said .
Anna and Dean Detheridge from Sydney , who spent 17 years on church staff , said they were " subjected to physical and mental abuse during their time with the organisation " , according to the parliamentary statement .
" Anna and Dean also provided evidence where information they and others have revealed to the church have been used to blackmail and control .
They also provided more information about coerced abortions , " Xenophon said .
The Church of Scientology issued a statement accusing Xenophon of abusing parliamentary privilege .
" Senator Xenophon is obviously being pressured by disgruntled former members who use hate speech and distorted accounts , " the statement said .
" They are about as reliable as former spouses are when talking about their ex-partner . "
Should the U.S. adopt rules that would require Internet providers to share their broadband lines with rivals , like other countries ?
Debate over that controversial idea took center stage at the Federal Communications Commission Thursday , where agency officials are considering a Harvard study that suggested the approach would help improve U.S. broadband availability and affordability .
U.S ....
A year after the gesture that instantly gained him adulation throughout the Arab world , the Iraqi reporter who threw his shoes at George Bush has complained that life since then has not lived up to expectations in one crucial respect – money .
In an interview with the Observer , Muntazer al - Zaidi said his only regret after spending nine months in prison – where he says he was repeatedly beaten by his jailers – was that he was still a relatively poor man .
" I blame the media because they said I would become rich for doing what I did , that I would become a multi-millionaire , " al - Zaidi said from Switzerland , where he is receiving treatment for several health problems .
" Though I thank them for their concern for me , all the promises about gifts I heard when I was in prison were just empty .
The only gift I 've got since my release is from Canadian television who made me their man of the year and gave me a pair of golden shoes . "
Al - Zaidi is determined to find the money to open an orphanage , which will also cater for women widowed during the six years of war .
As a young reporter , Al - Zaid said he covered many shocking incidents throughout Iraq , including the deaths of entire families that were allegedly the result of American munitions .
This , he says , was a key motivator in his protest against Bush , who was on his final visit as US president to the country .
" I will go back to my country when I find support for my foundation to help orphans and widows as I had promised , " he said .
" All their eyes now look to me and are waiting for me , so I will return one day . "
In the lead - up to his release in September , al - Zaidi was hailed across the Muslim world as a hero , an underpaid reporter from a poor quarter of Baghdad who defied the leader of a superpower .
Numerous pledges were made in Arab media , from across the Middle East and beyond , of gifts including virgin brides , gold - saddled horses , cars , houses and camels .
Al - Zaidi was told of the offers in prison , during visits from his brothers .
In the tumultuous few days after he was freed , the euphoria continued .
Draped in a scarf embroidered with an Iraqi flag , al - Zaidi was given a hero 's homecoming at the TV station , Al - Baghdadiyah , which still employs him .
Sheep were slaughtered at his feet , trumpets blared and drummers took to the streets .
Satellite channels and local media carried the scenes live .
But within 48 hours he was flown on a private jet , paid for by an unknown benefactor , first to Damascus and then to Geneva , where he remains .
The home that was bought for him in a Shia suburb of north - east Baghdad remains empty , as do his private coffers .
Al - Zaidi remains proud of his gesture and the way he believes that it was understood across the globe , although one Iraqi reporter hurled his shoes at him during a press conference in Geneva last month .
" I become a famous name in all the free world not only for Muslims and Arabs , but in Europe , " he said .
" Everywhere people have received me like a hero , but the point is not the reception , the point is they believe in what I did .
I feel very proud of what I did .
I am happy I defended my country 's dignity .
All free people respect this .
" I still have problems in my stomach , my liver and with my nose , which did n't heal properly after the guards broke it .
It is being paid for with my own money and through friends . "
He said his rapid departure from Iraq was to escape persecution from the government , which was furious he had insulted a visiting head of state .
Three months after leaving Iraq , he is still unsure about when he will return .
As for the shoe - throwing incident , his version remains that he snapped while inside the press conference with Bush and Iraqi prime minister Nouri al - Maliki , which he was covering for Al - Baghdadiyah .
His brothers have hinted , however , that the protest was premeditated .
Whatever the case , a year later , al - Zaidi says it was worth it .
" Yes it was , I was ready to pay [ with ] my life , " he said .
" I had prepared myself to die , not to spend only one year in prison .
I threw shoes at Bush … while Bush threw millions of bombs at Iraqis .
Which was worse ? "
It seems that Melbourne , Australia is obsessed with Zombies .
Every year they have a Zombie Shuffle festival were thousands of zombies come out and take over the city .
Check out some of the best zombies below !
Milan - based boutique manufacturer CR&S has released images of its new Duu superbike prototype , powered by the familiar S&S ‘ X - Wedge ’ V - twin motor .
The 2 - litre engine of the Duu ( a play on ‘ due ’ , Italian for ‘ two ’ ) might be familiar , but it ’s wrapped in futuristic styling that takes several cues from the Confederate rulebook .
It looks like CR&S will be offering single - and double - seat configurations , and a wide range of options for customers to tailor the Duu to their personal tastes .
Given that the personalized approach has worked wonders for Harley - Davidson and Triumph , the prospects for the Duu could be bright .
The only question mark will be the price : € 20,000 is the equivalent of US $ 29,500 , meaning that the Duu is even more expensive than motorcycles such as the MV Agusta F4 RR 312 1078 .
Still , the Duu is a striking - looking machine that will also be extremely rare .
Gran Turismo 5 has been pushed back a few times but that does not mean that developers Polyphony Digital are resting on their laurels as they have added yet another piece to the puzzle .
There have been plenty of rumors going around about GT5 having a track editor and when Everything 4 Gamers sent Polyphony Digital an email to confirm or deny the rumor , they received the following response .
“ Yes it will have a track editor .
You will be able to rebuild a track from scratch or edit the tracks that are already put in Gran Turismo 5 . ”
So there you have it , Gran Turismo 5 will have the ability to edit and rebuild your own tracks .
Though Polyphony Digital still played it coy whenever asked about a release date , simply stating they could not give out that information right now .
As always , stay connected to PlayStation LifeStyle for all your PS3 news .
[ Source ]
BANGKOK 
In a quick , one - day operation , Thai soldiers with riot shields and clubs evicted more than 4,000 Hmong asylum seekers from a holding center Monday and forcibly repatriated them to Laos , where they say they face retribution from their government .
“ They have been sent on their way back to Laos , ” said the government ’s chief spokesman , Panitan Wattanayagorn .
“ They have officers waiting for them in Laos already , and Thai officers are accompanying them in the process . ”
Thailand acted despite protests from the United Nations and human rights groups .
Even as the soldiers were trucking the Hmong over the Mekong River into Laos , the United States government was calling on the Thai government to stop .
“ We deeply regret this serious violation of the international humanitarian principles that Thailand has long been known for championing , ” said a State Department spokesman , Ian C. Kelly .
“ The United States strongly urges Thai authorities to suspend this operation . ”
Accidents can strike at any moment , and not all accidents can be prevented ; however , if your accident was due to another person ’s disregard for your safety , you may be able to hold that person accountable .
When someone causes another person harm , either through willful action or by accident , you can seek damages for your losses .
You may have suffered great losses because of your accident .
You could be looking at hefty hospital bills , you may be missing a lot of time at work , and you could be dealing with the cost of physical therapy and mental health services .
That ’s not even including the suffering you ’ve endured , for which you are also owed compensation .
Filing a personal injury claim is n’t easy , but when you have the right lawyer on your side , your chance of reaching a positive resolution increase greatly .
Your attorney will investigate your accident , figure out who ’s to blame , prove your case , and negotiate a fair settlement on your behalf .
Partner with a Chicago personal injury lawyer from Lane & Lane , LLC .
Have Questions ?
Call 312-332-1400 OR
Click here for a FREE consultation
Understanding Negligence in Illinois Personal Injury Claims Injured accident victims are able to file personal injury claims because of the laws regarding negligence in Illinois .
When a person is negligent or careless , and that carelessness results in another person ’s injury , the negligent party can be held financially responsible .
This means that you can sue the person for damages in civil court .
When you pursue a case against an at - fault party , you are doing so for two main reasons : compensation for your losses and justice for the harm that person has done to you .
One other important note about negligence is that you do n’t have to be 100 percent faultless in order to seek damages .
Even if you are partially to blame for the accident that harmed you , you can still pursue a claim against the other party for the role he or she played in your accident — as long as that person ’s fault is greater than yours .
This is called contributory fault .
Have Questions ?
Call 312-332-1400 OR
Click here for a FREE consultation
Illinois Personal Injury Statute of Limitations
Most states set a time limit on how long you have to file a personal injury claim after an accident .
This time limit is called the “ statute of limitations . ”
If you fail to file your claim within the allotted time , you wo n’t be able to file a claim at all — no matter how much evidence you have or how much you deserve compensation .
The statute of limitations in Illinois is two years from the date of your injury accident .
Do n’t risk having your case rejected by waiting too long .
Even if you still have plenty of time until the timeframe expires , you should file your case as soon as possible .
Have Questions ?
Call 312-332-1400 OR
Click here for a FREE consultation
Most Common Types of Chicago Personal Injury Cases
There are a great many ways a person can suffer injury because of another ’s negligence ; however , there are some common injury types , and it is helpful to know them as the laws are different depending on which case you have .
For instance , if you have a medical malpractice case , there are different rules and laws that govern how that type of case should be handled .
It is much more difficult to prove medical negligence than it is to prove general negligence .
Each case is unique , and some are much more complex than others .
You can rest assured that your Chicago personal injury attorney will know how to address your case to get the compensation you deserve .
Listed below are the most common types of personal injury cases and a little information about each case type .
Motor vehicle collisions
Product liability
Premises liability
Medical negligence
Sexual abuse
Elder abuse Have Questions ?
Call 312-332-1400 OR
Click here for a FREE consultation
Determining Fault for Your Injury Accident
When you file an injury claim , you are asserting that someone has harmed you and that he or she owes you damages for that harm .
But how can you really be sure who was at fault for your accident ?
In some cases , the fault will be extremely obvious and easy to prove .
For example , if you were sitting in a parked car and a driver came along and hit you , chances are that it was the other driver ’s fault .
Not all cases are this clear - cut and easy to prove , however .
In fact , most cases are n’t .
In order to determine who is liable for your accident , you will have to investigate .
Your Chicago personal injury lawyer from Lane & Lane , LLC will assist you with the entire investigation process , as well as with the entire personal injury process from start to finish .
Below is a list of evidence types that might be needed to prove your personal injury claim : Witness statements
Expert witness testimony , such as medical experts or accident scene investigators
Police reports
Video footage and photos of the accident scene and your injuries
Physical evidence pertaining to your claim
Medical evidence of your injuries , including doctor statements
Medical history Have Questions ?
Call 312-332-1400 OR
Click here for a FREE consultation
What Will Your Chicago Personal Injury Attorney Do? Remember , you ’re hiring a personal injury lawyer for a reason : to assist you with your case .
Your lawyer will do a lot more than just investigate your case .
He or she will also perform the following tasks :
File your personal injury claim paperwork
Answer all your questions and concerns
Walk you through the entire claims process
Help you document your medical injuries and related losses
Build a convincing case that shows fault , why you deserve to receive damages , and how much your damages amount to
Present your case to an insurance company and negotiate the best settlement possible
Take your case to court if necessary Filing a personal injury claim on your own is not in your best interests .
You deserve to receive maximum compensation for the suffering and financial losses you ’ve been forced to endure because of another ’s negligence .
You need to concentrate on your physical and emotional wellbeing — not worry about winning your claim .
Your injury attorney will do everything possible to see that your case reaches the positive outcome you ’re hoping for , otherwise your lawyer will take your case to court in order to fight for you and the compensation you rightfully deserve .
Have Questions ?
Call 312-332-1400 OR
Click here for a FREE consultation
The Insurance Company Does n’t Want to Pay Many people do n’t realize that when you sue someone , it ’s usually the insurance company that will be paying the bill .
Unless you ’re suing a person that is enormously wealthy , you simply wo n’t get the money you need by suing an individual .
In most cases , it ’s an insurance company that pays out on negligence claims .
Consider a car accident .
Even though it was the driver that was to blame for hurting you , the driver ’s insurance company is who will be paying for your losses .
That is what insurance is for : to protect people from financial liability after they ’ve caused damage or injury .
Even though we all understand the purpose of insurance coverage , we also must understand that insurance companies are private businesses .
These are not non-profit groups dedicated to helping people .
These are smart , savvy companies that want to turn a significant profit .
Insurance is big business .
What that means for you is that you ca n’t simply make a request for a settlement and expect to receive your money without question .
The insurance companies will question every part of your claim .
If they can get out of paying , they will , so you must be careful when dealing with insurance companies .
Many insurers have methods that assist them in avoiding financial responsibility .
One method is to lower your claim ’s value .
For example , an insurance company may try to record a statement over the phone , hoping you ’ll slip up and admit fault so that they can pay you less in compensation .
Be very careful when you speak with insurers — or better yet , have your personal injury lawyer in Chicago talk with them on your behalf .
That way , you wo n’t have to worry about accidentally saying the wrong thing and getting less compensation as a result .
Have Questions ?
Call 312-332-1400 OR
Click here for a FREE consultation
Serious Injuries Lead to Serious Losses
If you ’ve been in an accident , it ’s possible that you ’ve suffered a catastrophic injury .
These types of injuries go far beyond a few bumps and bruises .
With serious injuries , your entire life will be changed by the accident , and you will likely need financial help .
In order to prepare for the future , filing a Chicago personal injury claim is the only way to receive enough financial security to live with an injury of this magnitude .
See below for a list of serious injuries that will require serious compensation : Spinal damage
Broken bones
Traumatic brain injuries ( TBIs )
Severe burn injuries
Internal injuries
Loss of limb
All of these injuries are different , and they will affect everyone differently , but the one thing they have in common is that they will lead to extensive monetary losses .
Each injury in the above list will require months — if not years — of medical treatment .
You may not be able to work for a time , and in some cases , you may not be able to work ever again .
Compensation will be necessary for you to regain a good quality of life .
Have Questions ?
Call 312-332-1400 OR
Click here for a FREE consultation
Monetary Compensation for Your Chicago Personal Injury Claim
When you file a personal injury claim , your goal is to receive compensation that will cover your monetary losses .
Depending on how serious your injuries are , your monetary losses could be relatively small , or they could be quite large .
Economic losses are the monetary damages you ’ve sustained .
Non-economic losses concern the way that your accident and related injuries have affected your life .
See the list below to get a better idea of the different damages you can request in an injury claim : Pain and suffering damages
Medical care , including medications , hospital visits , copays , surgeries , expensive treatments
Missed income and loss of future income
Permanent disability
Permanent injury , scarring , or disfigurement
Mental trauma
Physical rehabilitation and mental health services
Loss of enjoyment of life Have Questions ?
Call 312-332-1400 OR
Click here for a FREE consultation
Get in Touch with a Chicago Personal Injury Lawyer
You ’ve suffered enough at the hands of a careless person ; you should n’t have to suffer any further .
Filing an injury claim may be the answer to getting the financial compensation you deserve .
When you file a claim , you can expect to recover all your losses , both monetary and non-monetary .
The claims process is n’t easy , however .
Getting help with your injury claim is the best decision you can make .
You need the experience of a personal injury attorney to assist you in investigating your wreck , collecting evidence , proving fault , and arguing your case with an insurance company or in court .
No law says that you have to do this on your own .
Partner with a Chicago personal injury lawyer to see the positive claim results you ’re after .
You deserve to receive the maximum available compensation for your case .
You focus on healing and putting your life together .
Our firm will focus on getting you paid .
Call Lane & Lane , LLC for a free case review at 312-332-1400 , or simply complete the form below .
Have Questions ?
Call 312-332-1400 OR
Click here for a FREE consultation
SAN FRANCISCO — Last month , marine scientists counted more than 1,500 sea lions on fabled Pier 39 , a record number that delighted tourists and baffled experts .
Why so many ?
Why were they sticking around ?
But now , almost all of the sea lions are gone , leaving the experts guessing where they went -- and why .
" Most likely , they left chasing a food source , " said Jeff Boehm , executive director of the Marine Mammal Center in Sausalito , which runs an information center and gift shop at Pier 39 .
" It 's probably what kept them here in the first place . "
On Tuesday , 10 sea lions lounged and swam and dived from the docks , spreading themselves out where the animals were stacked three and four deep just a month ago .
The bulk of the herd probably followed their favorite foods , sardines and anchovies , Boehm said .
The animals began leaving in droves the day after Thanksgiving , almost as if someone had issued an order .
But Boehm said the fact that so many sea lions stayed for so long is even stranger than their disappearance .
POPE Ratzinger took time this week to lament what he described as a steady diet of news about evil in the world .
Every day , through the newspapers , television , radio , evil is reported , repeated , amplified , making us used to horrible things , making us become insensitive , and , in some way , poisoning us .
Hearts harden and thoughts darken .
According to this report , he also complained that the mass media :
Tend to make us feel like spectators , as if evil regards only others and certain things could never happen to us .
It ’s no surprise that Ratzinger , speaking on the Spanish Steps in Rome after he kneeled in prayer before the Catlicks favourite idol , Mary , made no mention of the RC ’s own significant contribution toÂ “ the evil in the world ” .
The day after he spoke , for example , under the headline Ireland ’s bishops ask forgiveness over sex abuse scandal , AsiaOne reported that Ireland ’s Catholic bishops have apologised and asked for forgiveness after an official report uncovered decades of child sex abuse by priests and a cover - up by top churchmen .
The bishops , meeting for their winter conference , said the “ scale and depravity of abuse ” revealed in last month ’s report was shocking , and conceded that the culture of cover - up appeared widespread within the church .
The Irish Bishops ’ Conference , meeting over two days in the university town of Maynooth , said they had agreed to open talks with Ireland ’s child welfare inspectors to audit church protection policy .
The bishops said in a statement .
We are deeply shocked by the scale and depravity of abuse as described in the report .
We are shamed by the extent to which child sexual abuse was covered up in the Archdiocese of Dublin and recognise that this indicates a culture that was widespread in the Church .
The avoidance of scandal , the preservation of the reputations of individuals and of the Church , took precedence over the safety and welfare of children .
This should never have happened and must never be allowed to happen again .
We humbly ask for forgiveness .
Ireland ’s top two Catholic churchmen , primate of all - Ireland Cardinal Sean Brady and Dublin Archbishop Diarmuid Martin , plan to brief the Pope on the report in Rome tomorrow .
The Vatican ’s envoy to Dublin said sorry on Tuesday for “ any mistake from our side ” , after a meeting with Ireland ’s foreign minister , who had expressed deep disappointment at the Vatican ’s silence over the affair .
It ’s not just the Church ’s appalling record of child abuse that ’s been receiving wide coverage .
There are also reports of its murky financial dealings .
One recent headline said Vatican Bank reported to be facing money - laundering investigation .
And another read The Vatican ’s Dirty Secrets : Bribery , Money Laundering and Mafia Connections .
And there are literally hundreds of headlines implicating the Church in the spread of AIDS in Africa and South America .
Here is just one example : AIDS to spread faster with Catholic condom ban .
If the Pope truly wants to see less reporting of evil in the world , we suggest he disbands the Roman Catholic Church , padlocks the Vatican and shuts himself away in a retreat for decrepit old tyrants !
Dubai : Residents of Al Qusais were in shock over the gruesome rape and murder of a four - year - old Pakistani boy inside the toilet of a mosque where his father prays regularly .
The parents of Mousa - who was found dead on November 27 - said they do not want " diya " or blood money .
The father , Mukhtiar Ahmad Khuda , 30 , a driver for Ahmad Eisa Ali General Trading , said that he will accept nothing less than capital punishment for the murderer .
" I hope he gets executed , " said Jamala Khatoun , Mousa 's mother .
Police detained a Bahraini suspect , 30 , who they said confessed during interrogation that he killed the boy after sexually assaulting him .
He told police he had been drinking alcohol on the night before Eid .
Confession
Maj Gen Khamis Mattar Al Mazeina , Deputy Chief of Dubai Police , said the suspect was among those immediately arrested after they received the report .
He said the suspect had a criminal record and confessed to his crime during interrogation .
Mousa , born on September 11 , 2005 , left their house in Shabiat , a colony of old houses in Al Qusais , around 11 am on the first day of Eid ( Friday ) to play with his friends in front of the mosque near Al Geel Al Saeed Grocery .
Mousa has two other siblings - Mustafa , seven , and Mariam , 14 months .
Khuda said that Mustafa has been suffering from fever since his brother 's death .
" He is terrified to go out of the house , " he said .
Almost all the children in the neighbourhood were afraid to go near the area , he added .
Neighbours who were shocked by the news said they knew nothing about the suspect .
The mosque 's imam , Jamal , said he noticed nothing unusual on that day , but when he headed to the mosque for afternoon prayer , men at the mosque told him there was a boy lying unconscious in the toilet .
He said they immediately called the police .
" We do n't know him , " said the imam of the suspect .
A grocery worker said , " We 've never seen him in this neighbourhood before . "
The boy 's body was released on Saturday morning and was buried the same day in Al Quoz .
President Hugo Chavez on Sunday accused the U.S. of violating Venezuela ’s airspace with an unmanned spy plane , and ordered his military to be on alert and shoot down any such aircraft in the future .
Speaking during his weekly television and radio program , Chavez said the aircraft overflew a Venezuelan military base in the western state of Zulia after taking off from neighboring Colombia .
He did not elaborate , but suggested the plane was being used for espionage .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ These are the Yankees .
They are entering Venezuela , ” he said .
“ I ’ve ordered them to be shot down , ” Chavez said of the aircraft .
“ We can not permit this . ”
Chavez has accused Colombia of allowing the United States to use its military bases to prepare a possible attack against Venezuela .
Both the U.S. and Colombia have denied such allegations in the past , saying the U.S. military presence is for the sole purpose of combating drug trafficking .
A spokeswoman for the U.S. Embassy said the mission had no information about any flyover and had not been contacted by Chavez ’s administration .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ If the Venezuelan government would like to speak with us about any issue , we would welcome discussions because we seek open dialogue with all nations in the hemisphere , ” spokeswoman Robin Holzhauer said .
It is not uncommon for Chavez to accuse other nations , especially the U.S. and its allies , of conspiring against Venezuela .
Last week , the president accused the Netherlands of letting the U.S. military use Dutch islands off Venezuela ’s Caribbean coast to prepare for a possible military offensive .
The former paratroop commander said the U.S. military has sent intelligence agents , warships and spy planes to Aruba , Curacao and Bonaire , which are self - governing Dutch islands .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Dutch government rejected the allegations and the country ’s top diplomat , Foreign Minister Maxime Verhagen , has asked Venezuela ’s ambassador to clarify the claims , Dutch Foreign Ministry spokesman Bart Rijs said .
Rijs said U.S. soldiers do use civilian air fields on Curacao and Aruba , but only for anti-drug trafficking efforts .
ADVERTISEMENT
Tensions between Venezuela and neighboring Colombia have been tense for months due to Chavez ’s accusations of warmongering and Colombian President Alvaro Uribe ’s allegations that Venezuela has allowed Colombian rebel leaders to seek refuge there .
Chavez denied on Sunday that his socialist government is protecting Marxist guerrillas and warned Colombia ’s military against sending soldiers across the border .
“ You ’ll be sorry , ” he said .
“ We are not unarmed . ”
The only clue I find to where the world 's leading climate sceptics are meeting in Copenhagen is a large round sticker on a pavement outside a house down a side street .
It depicts a happy - looking Inuit standing on a clearly melting ice flow with a cheerful sun beaming down on him and his ice - cream under the words " Hurra global warming " .
Up the stairs , the Committee for a Constructive Tomorrow is meeting .
Seventy five people , mostly men over 50 , are crushed into an ornate room whose walls and ceiling are covered in oil paintings .
Fred Singer , emeritus professor at the University of Virginia and co-author of a classic global warming denial book , is in full flow about " climategate " and how he believes scientists deliberately distort data :
" ….. It 's easy .
You collect it from cities and where temperatures are higher because of the heat island effect … you misapply temperature trends ; you mix data from buoys and ships , you hide raw data , try to avoid freedom of information requests , misuse the peer review process … cause editors to resign . "
The audience is loving it .
Singer is to denialists what George Monbiot is to environmentalists , a genuine superstar , full of statements and suggestions .
" They [ he does not specify who ] control the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change process ; they try to smear their opponents .
Rajendra Pachauri [ the IPCC chair ] should return his Nobel prize and the UN Environment Programme should disband the whole panel .
Yvo de Boer [ head of the UN climate conference ] should call off the meeting and send the delegates home . "
The audience claps wildly .
" Let 's all thank China for emitting more beneficial CO2 .
It benefits agriculture , " says Singer .
The audience cheers and Singer takes two questions , the second from the Guardian .
" I would like to know whether you or anyone in this room has been to the Himalayas , or to the Sunderbans , or to the villages that are now drowning near Chittagong in Bangladesh , where temperatures are being recorded 4C above normal , where respected scientists are finding significant sea level rises , where cyclones are more frequent and intense ?
Have any of you tried to find out for yourself what is going on there ? "
It is like poking a stick in a hornet 's nest .
The heads swivel , the grey beards almost turn white , the some draw in their breath , and Singer for a moment looks startled .
There is uproar , shouts and cries .
" Are you an activist ?
You sound like an activist , " shouts one man .
Others hiss .
The chair bangs his gavel .
A Swedish scientist gets up and is introduced as Nils - Axel Mörner , a retired sea - level scientist .
" In Bangladesh the thing is that the land is sinking .
The land in Bangladesh has increased by 70,000 square kilometres .
Because of silting up .
It 's not evidence of sea level rise . "
" Have you been to Chittagong in Bangladesh ?
Have you talked to the scientists at Jadavpur University in Calcutta who have recorded significant sea level rises ? "
I ask .
The uproar continues and it is left to Lord Christopher Monckton - hereditary peer , former policy adviser to Margaret Thatcher and purveyor of the notion that the Copenhagen talks are part of a UN plot to install world government – to restore order .
Monckton is just as certain that man-made climate change does not exist as he is that the emails hacked from the University of East Anglia , were not stolen .
" There has been a deep analysis of the emails and the way they were edited to remove all the personal details … that is not the work of a hacker but a whistleblower , " he tells his rapt audience .
" Mr Plod will track him down but I say that he will not be prosecuted . "
He too has a message for the climate change conference and its 34,000 particpants three miles down the road :
" The major concern I have is that millions of people are already dying of starvation in a dozen regions of the world because of a doubling of world food prices following the taking of US land out of production because of concerns about climate change . "
" People in Haiti are eating mud to stay alive .
They have it with a bit of butter and salt .
We are not debating some abstract scientific theory , but something serious . "
It 's hard to disagree with that last sentence , and on that note of surprising harmony the Guardian says its goodbyes and returns to the UN conference .
US regulators today launched a legal action against Intel , amid fresh accusations that the computer chip maker deliberately stifled competition .
The announcement by the Federal Trade Commission , which oversees the enforcement of competition law in the US , marks the latest in a series of worldwide antitrust cases against the Californian technology company - and is the most significant action taken by the regulator since it took Microsoft to court in the 1990s .
The FTC said that its decision to sue Intel comes after a long string of allegations that the company forced and coerced computer manufacturers to use its technologies instead of those made by rival companies .
" Intel has engaged in a deliberate campaign to hamstring competitive threats to its monopoly , " said Richard Feinstein , who heads up the FTC 's bureau of competition .
" It 's been running roughshod over the principles of fair play and the laws protecting competition on the merits .
The commission 's action today seeks to remedy the damage that Intel has done to competition , innovation and , ultimately , the American consumer . "
Among the allegations are claims that the company offered discounts to customers like HP , Dell and IBM on the condition that they drop products from its main rival , AMD .
The company is also accused of deliberately deceiving its customers and " smothering " potential competitors .
Intel has responded by calling the case " misguided " and suggesting that some of the allegations had been added after earlier negotiations to settle the case out of court had reached an impasse .
" The FTC 's case is misguided , " it said in a statement .
" It is based largely on claims that the FTC added at the last minute and has not investigated .
In addition , it is explicitly not based on existing law but is instead intended to make new rules for regulating business conduct .
These new rules would harm consumers by reducing innovation and raising prices . "
In a briefing with reporters , Intel 's general counsel Doug Melamed argued that the FTC was overstepping its legal mandate .
" Some of these issues were brand new to us , " he said .
" It seems to me that the FTC is seeking to restrict all kinds of pro-competitive price discounting . "
The lawsuit , he said , was designed to unfairly restrict the activities of large companies offering legal discounts to customers " and from protecting their intellectual property rights by controlling their licensing and preventing others from taking advantage . "
The case comes after similar actions against Intel in other jurisdictions , including a case brought by the New York attorney general Andrew Cuomo and a record € 1.06 bn fine from European regulators who accused the company of " harming millions of European consumers " .
It also follows the news last month that Intel had agreed a $ 1.25 bn settlement with AMD , its major competitor , to bring to an end a series of complaints about its business conduct .
Much of the FTC's case against Intel is similar to the one heard in Brussels , which produced evidence that the company had spent millions paying companies to avoid AMD 's products - and against which Intel is appealing .
However , American officials also added new allegations to the mix by saying that Intel had also presented certain performance information in a way that misled both customers and competitors .
" Intel secretly redesigned key software , known as the compiler , in a way that deliberately stunted the performance of competitors ' CPU chips , " the commission said .
" Intel told its customers and the public that software performed better on Intel CPUs than on competitors ' CPUs , but the company deceived them by failing to disclose that these differences were largely or entirely due to Intel 's compiler design . "
The case significantly expands on previous claims by including not only CPUs - the central processing units that form the brain of the modern computer - but also GPUs , the chips used to power computer graphics .
While AMD is Intel 's main rival in the CPU market , other companies compete against Intel in graphics , including Nvidia and Via .
" We applaud today 's action by the US Federal Trade Commission , " said Nvidia in a statement .
" We are particularly pleased to see scrutiny being placed on Intel 's behavior towards GPUs , which have become an increasingly important part of the PC industry . "
they need to bean gous jordan , who redoose their matrees > becases these matrees cant invert ^
i saw it on the test this mroing , a problem in R redoosed three matrees
they are taking teh matrees back to the identities ] , two rose to pivet
my slons are w|th the ecajun , which are pair of Ls , i am truley sorry for your dots
December 4 , 2009
The question seemed outlandish just a few months ago -- but these days , not so much .
ONE YEAR after Barack Obama 's historic election victory , a Gallup poll shows support for his job performance as president falling under 50 percent of the population for the first time .
The reasons for this are n't hard to discern .
Official unemployment stands at 10.2 percent , up from 6.1 percent on Election Day 2008 .
The Obama administration has spent tremendous amounts of money since taking office , but that has n't countered the deteriorating living standards for working people .
The administration 's main domestic priority -- passing health care reform -- is alive , but may yet go down to defeat .
It 's presiding over two unpopular wars , and ready to stoke one of them , in Afghanistan , into a multi - year disaster .
And finally , there 's the perception -- grounded heavily in reality -- that Obama 's economic team is in thrall to Wall Street .
As the liberal Rep. Peter DeFazio put it in an interview with the New York Times , " There 's tremendous concern about the lack of results on Main Street for all of the money that 's been borrowed and spent . "
Columnist : Lance Selfa Lance Selfa is the author of The Democrats : A Critical History , a socialist analysis of the Democratic Party , and editor of The Struggle for Palestine , a collection of essays by leading solidarity activists .
He is on the editorial board of the International Socialist Review .
Given all this -- and following on the heels of Republican wins in the November 3 elections -- many people are asking something that seemed impossible only a few months ago :
Can the American right , so discredited after eight disastrous years in charge of the government , be poised for a comeback ?
IF YOU read or listen to a lot of pro-Obama , liberal commentary , you probably think the notion is laughable .
This strain of opinion assures us that no one in their right mind takes Sarah Palin seriously , that Fox News is a joke , and that the Republicans are about to tear themselves up in a " civil war " between Tea Party kooks and moderates .
To be sure , the most vociferous representatives of the right wing today -- the people who make up the Tea Party constituency that overlaps heavily with the Republican " base " -- are a minority of a minority .
A recent study by the liberal Democratic group Democracy Corps backed this up .
From focus groups conducted with Republican base voters from Georgia , Democracy Corps researchers constructed a picture of this group -- it believes that Obama is advancing a " secret " socialist agenda , it thinks that Fox 's conspiracy - mongering Glenn Beck is a courageous truth - teller in a lying ( and liberal ) mainstream media , and it loves Palin , while disdaining most elected Republicans .
House Minority Leader John Boehner and Republican House members speak to reporters
Democracy Corps concluded that these conservatives " stand a world apart from the rest of America . "
Yet it also points out that people like them represent about one out of five people in the U.S. electorate , and about two - thirds of Republicans .
This is more than enough of a base to inject into the country 's political bloodstream such toxic notions as the idea that Obama was n't born in the U.S. or that health care reform will promote euthanasia of the elderly -- nonsense ideas that are , nevertheless , contributing to an " atmosphere of rage in America , " according to a recent Anti-Defamation League ( ADL ) report on the right wing .
This not only poisons the political atmosphere , but , as the ADL points out , it provides a climate in which the far right , like the militia movement , can grow .
Despite their isolation from the mainstream and their through - the - looking - glass world view , the forces of the right seem to recognize one thing that professional Obama defenders do n't -- there is a deep anger and frustration in the population against a government that seems willing to spend billions for bankers while counseling patience to workers .
It 's worth noting that the conservatives are mostly agitating around economic issues , such as the deficit , taxes and health care , rather than their traditional turf of social issues like abortion and gay marriage .
At the least , these right wingers are n't fools when it comes to figuring out what is making millions of people anxious today .
It does n't matter that the right 's solutions -- like canceling government stimulus measures to pay down the deficit -- make no sense .
They are gaining a hearing for two reasons :
First , the administration has n't been able to improve the employment picture in any way that 's tangible to the majority ; and second , the liberal groups who could be kicking up a ruckus to push for genuine health reform or a real jobs program are instead playing the role of loyal soldiers to the White House 's agenda .
Is it any wonder , then , that most of the opposition to Obama 's program is coming from the right ?
As the radical commentator Paul Street put it on ZNet :
In the absence of meaningful anger and protest on the left , the dodgy Republican right wing and its still - potent " noise machine " is absurdly left to soak up and express much of the legitimate " populist rage " that ordinary Americans quite naturally feel over Washington 's continuing captivity to concentrated wealth , corporate - direction and the military - industrial complex in the Age of Obama .
Resentment abhors a vacuum .
CAN THE conservatives make a comeback and maybe even put the Republicans back in the congressional majority next year ?
In a volatile political climate where millions will continue to feel economic pain , it 's not as outlandish a thought as it once seemed .
As Timothy Egan wrote in his New York Times blog :
A year ago , most people were open - minded about the ground - shaking changes that came with the economic collapse .
Polls found a slim majority in favor of Wall Street bailouts to save the economy .
They would listen , watch , wait .
By this fall , the majority were not only against the bailouts , but in favor of curbing pay on Wall Street , and tightening government regulation of same ...
If Congress steers through the Great Recession without responding to the thousand points of pain among average Americans , people will see them for what they are in bottom - line terms : an insulated club .
Note that Egan identifies popular support for policies and initiatives , like tighter regulation and capping Wall Street pay , that the right wing wants nothing to do with .
But when the Democratic administration is a bulwark holding back tighter regulation and pay caps , the right can reap support on other grounds , such as opposing the bailout .
The Obama administration 's performance will go a long way to determining the extent of the right 's advance , as Salon.com 's Joan Walsh noted November 16 :
[ W] hile I 'm not worried about President Palin , I remain worried about President Obama .
I 'm particularly concerned that his increasingly triangulating , anti-deficit administration will do the wrong thing , morally and politically , and move to the right , without understanding that some right - wing rage could be re-channeled by acknowledging its roots :
That the economic system seems rigged for the have - a- lots vs. the have - a- littles , and despite their promises , the Democrats have n't done enough to change that .
Palin can't change any of that , but Obama can .
There 's still time for him to do so , but the clock is ticking .
Waiting for Obama to do the right thing is a fool 's errand .
That 's why " politics " has to be conceived as something that goes far beyond electoral calculations .
What 's needed more than anything is activism and mobilization that blows open the narrow political space where anything progressive is associated with Obama and opposition to the status quo is monopolized by right - wingers .
Here , there is some good news to report .
The National Equality March for LGBT rights in October marked the emergence of a new generation of activists who are unwilling to accept lip service from Democratic politicians or wait for their rights .
The thousands of students up and down California who are protesting the state 's draconian cuts are laying the basis of a network to defend public education .
Grad student employees at the University of Illinois struck and won a victory from an administration determined to impose concessions .
The Ford workers who voted down a concessionary contract the company and union wanted to foist on them showed that workers do n't have to take anything because of the recession .
Many of these struggles are fragile , fledgling and still , by and large , defensive .
But they provide the foundations for further organization to pressure the government to respond to the progressive majority -- instead of a loud , right - wing minority .
Children of the “ disappeared ” were often given to military or police families considered loyal to the government .
Some have grown up not even knowing they were adopted until activists or judges announced efforts to obtain their DNA .
On Tuesday , Marcela and Felipe Noble Herrera , both 33 , complied with a judge ’s order and gave samples at the Legal Medical Department , a federal forensics agency , according to their lawyer , Jorge Anzorreguy .
Every few years you 've probably watched a mainstream movie through a pair of glasses that make creatures , people and explosions pop out of the screen .
And if you 've bought into the massive hype , you were probably lining up this past weekend for James Cameron 's Avatar , which is screening in 3 - D .
You might wonder , why can't more movies be shown in 3 - D ?
It would just take some post - production video rendering and a pair of stereoscopic glasses , right ?
Actually , 3 - D projection is a lot more complicated – and expensive – than one would think .
In anticipation of Avatar , Wired.com paid a visit to Dolby Laboratories in San Francisco to learn about the history of 3 - D movie technology leading up to its current state .
Remember those junky glasses , with a blue lens for one eye and a red one for the other ?
They were tied to a 3 - D - imaging method called anaglyph that dates back to the 1950s .
With this system , the images on the screen were projected with two color layers superimposed onto one another .
When you put on the glasses , each eye sees a separate visual , the red - tinted image through one eye and the blue - tinted one through the other .
Your visual cortex combines the views to create the representation of 3 - D objects .
Though it may have been impressive at the time , early anaglyph imaging suffered from many issues .
The color separation on film was very limited , and thus it was difficult to perceive details in 3 - D scenes .
Another frequent problem was ghosting , which happened when the image that should be appearing in your left eye would creep over to the right .
And then there 's the screen .
Theaters projecting 3 - D movies with the anaglyph method had to install silver screens for an ideal viewing experience .
That 's because the more reflective screen helped keep the two different light signals separated .
3 - D movie technology has come a long way .
Anaglyph imaging has improved : Glasses now are typically red and cyan , which , when combined , can make use of all three primary colors , resulting in more realistic color perception .
RealD cinema , currently the most widely used 3 - D movie system in theaters , uses circular polarization – produced by a filter in front of the projector – to beam the film onto a silver screen .
The filter converts linearly polarized light into circularly polarized light by slowing down one component of the electric field .
When the vertical and horizontal parts of the picture are projected onto the silver screen , the filter slows down the vertical component .
This effectively makes the light appear to rotate , and it allows you to more naturally move your head without losing perception of the 3 - D image .
Circular polarization also eliminates the need for two projectors shooting out images in separate colors .
The silver screen , in this case , helps preserve the polarization of the image .
Dolby 's 3 - D system , used for some Avatar screenings , is a little different .
It makes use of an exclusive filtration wheel ( above ) installed inside the projector in front of a 6.5 - kilowatt bulb .
The wheel is divided into two parts , each one filtering the projector light into different wavelengths for red , green and blue .
The wheel spins rapidly — about three times per frame — so it does n't produce a seizure - inducing effect .
The glasses that you wear contain passive lenses that only allow light waves aligned in a certain direction to pass through , separating the red , green and blue wavelengths for each eye .
The advantages of Dolby 's 3 - D system ?
There 's no need for a silver screen , thanks to the built - in color - separation wheel and the powerful bulb right next to it , ensuring a bright picture necessary for 3 - D viewing .
Also , a mechanism can be adjusted inside the projector to change the projection method from reflection to refraction — meaning theaters can switch between projecting regular movies and 3 - D movies .
The cons ?
The glasses are pricey : $ 27 apiece , so they 're designed to be washed and reused ( as opposed to recycled ) .
( Although , this would be considered a pro for the environment . )
Altogether , a Dolby 3 - D projection system costs theaters about $ 26,500 , not including the eyewear .
Updated 9 a.m. PDT with more details explaining circular polarization .
See Also :
Photos : Jon Snyder / Wired.com , Brian X. Chen /Wired.com
It seems the only thing more terrifying than a life - like sex doll is the place of their manufacture …
The finished products are not much better …
More dutch wives in the gallery of such .
Honduras appeared closer to ending its political crisis after arm - twisting by Washington led to a deal allowing the country 's Congress to determine whether ousted President Manuel Zelaya can return to power .
The deal , struck late Thursday , calls for Congress -- in consultation with the Supreme Court -- to vote on whether Mr. Zelaya can return to his post and serve out his term , which ends in January .
The president was forced out of power at gunpoint on June 28 .
Former congressional leader Roberto Micheletti became interim ...
The Dugout Sports Show
The Dugout Sports Show
We Are Cleveland Sports
This was the Dugout Sports Show 's website from 2008 - 2011 .
Content is from the site 's 2011 archived pages .
As an avid sports fan , Glenn brings a unique voice to the radio as host of the The Dugouts Sports Show , on the Morning Show Central Radio Network .
Hailing from Cleveland , he was brought up on sports , being a fan of Cleveland sports and Ohio State University athletics .
But his love for the game does n’t just stop in Cleveland .
It spans the nation , as an interest in the NFL , MLB , NBA , and all NCAA sports .
But his knowledge for sports does n’t just stop there .
He can quickly turn the subject around to golf , NASCAR , tennis , and professional wrestling .
Whatever the sport is , he has indepth knowledge and opinion .
After graduating Aurora High School , he went to the University of Toledo , where he studied broadcasting for one year .
He has covered softball for local Northeast Ohio newspapers and now writes sports stories on Bleacherreport.com , a sports story networking website .
He also coaches freshmen baseball for a local high school and still plays competitive baseball during the summer in the Cleveland area .
As host of The Dugout Sports Show , Glenn hopes to make his opinion known , but also give both sides of the story .
Kate ’s Fantasy Studs and Duds from Week 5
Posted by Kate Arhar on October 13th , 2011
Congratulations !
You have survived the first of the Bye Weeks !
Win or lose , you are still checking out players and working on your team and that ’s all you can do at this point in the season .
Do n’t fear 0 - 5 owners – there are still many weeks to come and you can always go on a run and make the playoffs in your league .
Smart pickups are the key to the Bye Weeks – and taking advantage of other owners who have lineup troubles of their own !
Fantasy Studs : Week 5
+ 20 Ben Roethlisberger QB – Damn you Big Ben !
I left him on my bench for moral reason and that is no way to win a FFL game – plus his numbers have not been great and he had an injury that could have been problematic .
And yet he lights it up .
Wow .
Green - Ellis had a big week for fantasy players last week .
+ 20 BenJarvus Green - Ellis RB – owners are finally seeing big numbers out of BJGE .
It ’s taking him a while to hit his groove , but he should be tearing it up for the rest of the season .
+18 Pierre Garcon WR – as Curtis Painter gets more comfortable as the starter in Indianapolis , Garcon gets more and more looks and just keeps scoring .
He ’s a better option than Wayne and Clark has been nonexistent so far in the “ Painter Era . ”
+ 16 Doug Baldwin WR – Wait , who ?
Doug Who ?
Yeah , that ’s right – undrafted guy picked up by Seattle is starting to come into his own .
Keep an eye on him and grab him up if you have DBowe , EDecker , NWashington or anyone else on a Bye this week .
Honorable Mentions :
Joel Dreessen ( TE – HOU ) , Victor Cruz ( WR – NYG ) both scored 14 points over their projected numbers .
Available in almost all leagues , these are guys that could help you out this week .
Fantasy Duds : Week 5
- 17 Kevin Kolb QB – How do you have Larry Freaking Fitzgerald and score a whopping 4 in most FFL leagues ?
Dude needs to be dropped .
Now .
Sorry “ Corn on the Kolb ” fans .
- 17 Kyle Orton QB –
You can hold on to him , but word out of Denver is that Tim Tebow will be getting the start in week 8 .
They are on a Bye this week , so if you need to drop someone to make roster room , Orton is your guy .
Josh Freeman did n't exactly set the world on fire last week .
- 16 Josh Freeman QB – Yet another QB letting us down .
Tampa
Bay is mediocre at best but Freeman has been putting up good numbers – until this week .
I ’d hold on to him but watch the matchups and keep another option on your bench .
Dishonorable Mentions :
Rashard Mendenhall ( Pit ) - 13
For the second straight week , RM has been a bust .
I ’m done with him .
Pick up Isaac Redmen or Mewelde Moore for all I care , but you need to cut Mendenhall loose .
Injury Report : not looking good for any of these guys to see field time this week .
Better check the waiver wire for their back - ups .
ATL Tony Gonzalez , Julio Jones
IND Joseph Addaie
DET Tony Scheffler
NYG Brandon Jacobs
WAS Chris Cooley , Tim Hightower
HOU Andre Johnson ( check out Derrick Mason as a replacement )
ORL Devery Henderson
TB LeGarrette Blount
May all of your Fantasy ( Football ) dreams come true !
Williams : 5 Things I Think After Week 6 ( CFB )
Posted by Christopher Williams on October 12th , 2011
422-119 .
That ’s the margin by which the teams in the top ten won in Week 6 , three of whom playing teams ranked in the top 17 .
Once again , the polls were released and the AP and Coaches Poll are very different ; only three teams ’ positions in the top ten are agreed upon ( Wisconsin [ 4 ] , Clemson [ 8 ] , and Oregon [ 9 ] ) with the Coaches Poll having a different beginning and ending of the top ten than the AP .
For the first time this season ( and since 1982 ) , there are no teams from Florida in the AP top 25 .
Case Keenum and the Houston Cougars make their debut in both polls after moving to 6 - 0 by beating ECU 56 - 3 ( they held the Pirates to fewer points than any other team this season including South Carolina , Virginia Tech , and North Carolina ) .
A preseason top - six team ( in both polls ) lost to the smallest school ( by student population ) in a BCS Conference ; that ’s right Desmond Howard ’s pick to play for a title , Florida State , lost again ; only this time to Wake Forest .
1 . Any chance Tennessee had of winning the SEC East … is gone .
Let ’s face it , they did n’t have a big chance anyway , but Tyler Bray gave them whatever chance they did have .
Bray is out up to six weeks with a broken thumb on his left hand and now the Volunteers are in a position in which they may be struggling for bowl eligibility .
They ’re 3 - 2 ( 0 - 2 in the conference and both losses are to SEC East teams ) , and they need three more wins to become eligible .
They ’re next three games , with no bye week between any of them , are against LSU , at Alabama , and South Carolina !
That will likely put them at 3 - 5 and require them to win three of their last four games .
One of them is at Arkansas ; we ’ll count that as a loss .
Now they have to beat Middle Tennessee after the loss to South Carolina ( win ) , Vanderbilt ( if Bray is back , likely a win ) , and at Kentucky ( likely a win ) .
That ’s cutting it close .
Matt Simms will be starting in Bray ’s absence and Justin Worley ’s who was likely to redshirt , probably wo n’t be able to now because he ’ll be the backup .
Matt Simms has the lineage ( his father is Super Bowl Champion Phil Simms , and his brother played at Texas and is on the Titans ’ roster ) , but he struggled last season with turnovers ( both fumbles and interceptions ) .
He ’ll look worse than he really is these next two weeks going against the Tiger and Tide defenses .
I do n’t envy Volunteer Nation .
2 . It ’s easy to talk about the undefeated teams , but … so rarely do we look at the bottom dwellers .
With conference realignment becoming a big topic and a couple of BCS conferences looking into adding schools from “ lesser ” conferences , I wanted to look at the teams that are currently at the bottom of these “ superior ” conferences .
There are n’t any winless teams in the BCS conferences , however there are six one - win teams .
Three of them ( Indiana , Boston College , and Arizona ) only have wins against FCS teams .
Two of them ( Minnesota and Oregon State ) won against an FBS team ( Oregon State ’s is against the aforementioned Arizona ) , but have a loss to an FCS team .
Only Colorado ’s win is against an FBS team ( albeit Colorado State ) and no losses to FCS teams .
There are nine two - win teams , at least one from every BCS conference .
Three of them have losses to non-BCS schools ( Ole Miss , Connecticut , and Maryland ) , Miami lost to one of those three ( Maryland ) , three of them had relatively close calls against non-BCS schools ( Missouri , Kentucky , and Utah ) .
The last two are Kansas and Northwestern ; the Jayhawks have allowed 40 + points ( and 60 + twice ) in all of their games except their unimpressive 18 - point win against McNeese State while the Wildcats owe one of their wins to the aforementioned one - win Boston College and have a loss to Army .
Over the next few weeks and months , we ’re going to hear names like Houston , SMU , Central Florida , and Boise State etc. being thrown out as possible candidates to join a BCS conference .
Let ’s not dismiss them just because our team plays for one of them because let ’s face it , all of our “ superior ” conferences have teams that are n’t all that impressive already .
3. Auburn fans , do n’t let the media mess with your head .
The media wants the next Cam Newton as much as you do , but let ’s not get crazy .
Media outlets and blogs and website article comments are exploding with the suggestion / demand that Auburn should start Kiehl Frazier after losing to Arkansas this week .
Let ’s look at the facts : the Tigers are 4 - 2 ( did anyone envision that going into the season ? ) with both of their losses being to teams currently ranked in the top ten , they ’ve already beaten a team they , at least on paper , realistically should n’t have in South Carolina , and they have n’t lost to anyone that they should have beaten .
They had a close call against Utah State , but Oklahoma did the same thing last year , we ’ll call that the first week jitters .
Frazier has thrown four passes in his career folks and two of them were completed by Razorbacks !
Why start Frazier when he ’s doing just fine as a change - of - pace guy right now ( remember how the media - beloved Tim Tebow started his college career ) ?
This week Auburn is playing against a banged up Florida team that has consistently been weak against the run — that ’s your team ’s strength !
Dyer , McCalebb , and even Frazier will be able to be successful .
Why add the pressure of Frazier having to read defenses , something he ’s clearly not great at yet .
Do n’t let the hype over No. 2 last year , turn into a knee - jerk demand for Frazier to start just because he ’s an athletic run-first “ quarterback ” .
If you ’re determined to let him get a start , let him start Week 9 against Ole Miss or Week 12 against Samford to get his proverbial feet wet .
Joe Bauserman did n't have the greatest of days passing the ball vs. Nebraska .
4. My Buckeyes exceeded expectations on Saturday .
I said that Nebraska would n’t win by the eleven - point spread I saw last week , but I did n’t expect my Buckeyes to lead for most of the game .
I also said they could n’t win if they did n’t make Taylor Martinez beat them with his arm instead of his legs and unfortunately , he ran for 102 yards and a score .
Braxton Miller showed poise in his second conference game , something we had n’t quite seen yet ( and quite honestly , something he was n’t availed the opportunity to display in the Michigan State game due to Fickell inexplicably pulling him out of the game ) .
The turning point , in my view , was the forced fumble on Miller with a little over eight minutes to go in the game in their own red zone ( which Taylor Martinez ran in for a score two plays later ) .
A lot of analysts pointed to Miller ’s injury a little under the five - minute mark as being the turning point , and I certainly agree that it was a contributing factor , but I think the fumble a few minutes beforehand that led to the touchdown was a tad more significant because it put the game within two scores .
The momentum shifted , and it shifted even stronger in the Huskers direction when Miller went down .
Nebraska ’s defensive mentality changed after Bauserman came in ; they sat back in coverage , and rushed four with a linebacker spying the running back .
They knew Bauserman was no threat to run ( Miller ran for 95 yards ) , so they just let him throw it into coverage ( which explains his 1 for 10 outing ) .
Field position then fell in the Huskers favor and the Buckeye defense had less time on the sidelines .
I was unhappy that they lost , but I am proud of their progress — from nearly losing to Toledo to nearly beating the Huskers in a month ’s time .
5 . I knew it would happen … points lost because of potential feelings hurt .
I ’ve always been against the “ excessive celebration ” portion of the unsportsmanlike conduct penalty ; but when they changed the rule this past offseason to make it a live - ball foul that could take points away , in my view , the NCAA lost their mind .
It ’s 4th and 15 at LSU ’s 48 yard line ( after two penalties that moved them back 10 yards ) and the Tigers line up for a punt .
As the punter catches the ball and is about to go into his motion , it ’s obvious there ’s absolutely no one on the left side of the field , so he tucks the ball and runs in that direction .
At about the 8 - yard line , he turns his waist towards the mob of players running in his direction and spreads his arms as if to say , “ You ’re close enough to see me , but not close enough to catch me ! ” , and then runs it into the end zone .
He gets called for unsportsmanlike conduct , which is a 15 - yard penalty from the spot of the foul , and the officials take the points off the board and place the ball on the 23 - yard line ( first down ) .
How dare a player celebrate making a fool of a team on a fake punt !
Wow .
I realize it ’s the rule , and everyone must follow it , that does n’t make the rule any good .
They ’re taking away points that are earned fairly because someone ’s feelings might get hurt .
That ’s ridiculous .
Their feelings should be hurt !
They just got fooled on a fake punt , called by a coach who notoriously goes for it on 4th down ( sometimes even during illogical circumstances ) , and executed by a freshman punter from Australia who ran over 40 yards untouched to the end zone .
Bonus :
With all the scandals of the offseason , in a particular the Miami booster fiasco , the phrase “ death penalty ” has been thrown around a lot .
I think this will be the closest any team has will ever get to the death penalty that SMU received in the late 80’s .
It got me thinking about SMU ’s turnaround of late .
They played in a bowl game last year , that they should have won , in my view .
In week five they knocked off # 20 TCU and are sitting 4 - 1 and tied in first in the West division of Conference USA .
They may even end up being recruited to join one of the BCS conferences .
I wanted to share a little - known fact about the SMU Mustangs and those years surrounding the death penalty .
We ’ve all heard of Craig James and Eric Dickerson from that era .
But a man named Reginald Ballard played on that team and was one of the many players looking for a new school to play for when the Mustangs ’ 1987 season was cancelled by the NCAA .
You may not recognize his name right off , but you may remember him as “ Bruh Man ” on Martin Lawrence ’s sitcom Martin .
FWAA : Nebraska is Tostitos Fiesta Bowl National Team of the Week
Posted by Glenn S. Moore on October 12th , 2011
Taylor Martinez led Nebraska to a come - from - behind win over Ohio State .
NEBRASKA IS TOSTITOS FIESTA BOWL NATIONAL TEAM OF THE WEEK
DALLAS ( FWAA ) - Storming from behind to register the biggest comeback in school history allowed the Nebraska Cornhuskers ( 5 - 1 ) to earn the Tostitos Fiesta Bowl National Team of the Week for games of the weekend of Oct.
8 .
Nebraska recorded its first Big Ten win , 34 - 27 , over Ohio State , rallying from a 27 - 6 deficit in the third quarter to win before a NCAA - record 315th consecutive sellout at Memorial Stadium on Homecoming .
The game turned on Lavonte David ’s fumble recovery that provided a short field for Nebraska , which scored two plays later to get within 27 - 13 .
Taylor Martinez and Rex Burkhead each ran for more than 100 yards , with Burkhead providing the game - winning touchdown on a 17 - yard burst with 5:10 left .
Martinez finished with two touchdown passes among his season - high 16 completions , one of the a 30 - yarder to Burkhead that tied the score with 7:44 to play .
“ I thought we left some drives out there .
We stayed the course , ” Nebraska head coach Bo Pelini said after the game .
“ That ’s kind of the motto of our program .
It ’s about the culture , it ’s about the process , about staying the course .
There was no panic .
I ’m proud of how they came out and played the second half . ”
Other Tostitos Fiesta Bowl National Team of the Week nominees for the weekend of Oct. 8 included :
Oklahoma ( 5 - 0 ) : The Sooners shut down arch - rival Texas , scoring three defensive touchdowns along the way in a 55 - 17 rout in Dallas .
Oklahoma scored the first four times it had the ball and led 34 - 10 at the half .
It was the most - lopsided margin of victory in the series since 2003 .
Wake Forest ( 4 - 1 ) : The Demon Deacons moved to 3 - 0 for the first time during their 59 - year membership in the ACC after a 35 - 30 upset win over Florida State .
Wake Forest forced five turnovers and held off a Seminoles rally in the fourth quarter .
The Football Writers Association of America has named a national team of the week since the 2002 season .
This is the seventh season that the award has been sponsored by the Tostitos Fiesta Bowl .
Members of the FWAA All - America Committee decide the weekly honor .
Each remaining Monday during the 2011 college football regular season , the FWAA will name the Tostitos Fiesta Bowl National Team of the Week .
Founded in 1971 , the Tostitos Fiesta Bowl has hosted seven games that have decided the college football national championship , including four Bowl Championship Series title games .
This season , the Tostitos Fiesta Bowl will be played on Jan. 2 , 2012 , at University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale , Ariz. , and the Insight Bowl will be played on Dec. 30 , 2011 , at Sun Devil Stadium in Tempe , Ariz .
~~~
AN ASIDE : My father was an avid football fan of the Western Athletic Conference teams .
Arizona State was his alma mater .
I think he watched every Fiesta Bowl since its inception in the 1970's .
It was a Christmas Day afternoon activity much to my mother 's chagrin .
When the game shifted to New Years Day my father still watched although he would be heavily hung over from the previous night 's celebration .
By the 1980's the Fiesta Bowl was a must watch bowl particularly after the 1987 and 1989 games which were two of four straight matchups of teams ranked in the AP Top 10 going into the bowl season to close out the 1980s .
Those two years ' games significantly increased the Fiesta Bowl 's prestige , to the point that it was now considered a major bowl by many fans and pundits .
I remember the scandals that embroiled the Fiesta Bowl in 2009 and 2010 .
I wonder what my father would have thought when the name was changed to the PlayStation Fiesta Bowl when Playstation started to sponsor it .
We still refer to it as the Fiesta Bowl .
In 2019 the game was officially known as the College Football Playoff Semifinal at the PlayStation Fiesta Bowl .
Please !
Fiesta
Bowl is just fine thank you very much .
My father past in the summer of 2016 .
His heavy drinking finally did him in .
Having unsuccessful treatments at a rehab center and failing miserably at the 12 step program with abstinence that AA requires , my father refused any of the new medication such as naltrexone or Antabuse that help some people .
I recently read about a different approach to stop drinking alcohol on a website called LifeBac .
They say that alcoholism is not a disease , but a symptom of a larger psychological issue .
Compare that to how the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism ( NIAAA ) defines Alcohol Use Disorder ( AUD : a “ chronic relapsing brain disease ” .
The LifeBac program uses the medication , Baclofen , which removes or strongly suppresses cravings for alcohol in 92 % of people .
Initial clinical trials show that Baclofen has a 65 % success rate for treatment - resistant alcoholics , allowing them to return to low - or medium - risk drinking .
That ’s right , this treatment does n’t require abstinence although many people do stop all drinking .
It sounds like the type of program my father might have considered .
Well it 's too late for him .
Nevertheless , we always raise a beer to my father while the family watches the Fiesta Bowl each year .
Here 's to you , Dad .
I hope you get to catch the game from up there .
~~~
30 Minutes With Pure Rage Chris Perez – Episode 3 – King Tut , What If Lockout , Pure Rage Circus
Posted by Glenn S. Moore on October 12th , 2011
You can listen to “ 30 Minutes With Pure Rage ” every Monday and Wednesday at 6 P.M. EST .
You will be able to join the chat room and call in as well .
Make sure to tweet out the show and use the hashtag # 30 PureRage .
Episode 3 - 10.12.11
Cleveland Indians closer Chris Perez and I talked about everything from what if there was a MLB strike to King Tut on Wednesday ’s edition of “ 30 Minutes With Pure Rage , heard only on TheDugoutSportsShow.com .
Chris commented on a couple former Indians playing well for the Tigers this postseason and how we should n’t go back and say “ we should n’t make that trade ” .
He also talked about Theo Epstein going to the Cubs and how much of a surprise that was .
30 Minutes With Pure Rage - Episode 3
Chris took a couple phone calls and answered a few voicemails as well .
He then answered a call about King Tut , which gave a few laughs to the audience listening .
We also talked MLB playoffs , and said his World Series prediction is Rangers vs. Brewers .
We ended the show talking about Chris ’ terrible NFL picks this week .
FWAA : Oklahoma ’s Jamell Fleming is Nagurski Player of the Week
Posted by Glenn S. Moore on October 12th , 2011
DALLAS ( FWAA ) – Oklahoma cornerback Jamell Fleming has been named the FWAA / Bronko Nagurski National Defensive Player of the Week for games of the weekend of Oct. 8 .
Fleming , a 5 - 11 , 191 - pound senior from Arlington , Texas , had a career - high 13 tackles in Oklahoma ’s decisive 55 - 17 victory over rival Texas in Dallas .
He also returned a fumble 56 yards for a touchdown and forced a fumble .
The touchdown was one of three defensive touchdowns scored by the Sooners .
Eleven of Fleming ’s tackles were unassisted and two went for three yards in losses .
Fleming is the second Oklahoma player to be named the Bronko Nagurski National Defensive Player of the Week this season .
Three weeks ago , Javon Harris earned the honor in OU ’s win at Florida State .
Fleming will be added to the 2011 Bronko Nagurski Trophy Watch List .
The Bronko Nagurski Trophy will be presented to the best defensive player in college football on Dec. 12 by the FWAA and the Charlotte Touchdown Club at the Westin Hotel in Charlotte , N.C.
The keynote address will be given by Georgia head coach Mark Richt and Florida ’s Jack Youngblood from the Class of 1970 will receive this year ’s Bronko Nagurski Legends Award .
Five finalists for the Nagurski Trophy will be announced on Nov. 17 .
Each week during the 2011 season the FWAA All - America Committee has selected a national defensive player of the week from nominations made by the 11 Division I Bowl Subdivision Conferences and major independents .
Last season , Clemson defensive end Da’Quan Bowers won the coveted Bronko Nagurski Trophy during the 16th season the FWAA named a national defensive player of the year .
The Charlotte Touchdown Clubis a non-profit organization founded in 1990 for the purpose of promoting high school , collegiate , and professional football in the Charlotte , N.C. , region .
The club ’s activities and services focus community attention on the outstanding citizenship , scholarship , sportsmanship , and leadership of area athletes and coaches .
For more information , contact John Rocco ( 704-347-2918 or jrocco@touchdownclub.com ) .
The official website of the Charlotte Touchdown Club is www.touchdownclub.com.
The Football Writers Association of America , a non-profit organization founded in 1941 , consists of more than 1,200 men and women who cover college football for a living .
The membership includes journalists , broadcasters and publicists , as well as key executives in all the areas that involve the game .
The FWAA works to govern areas that include gameday operations , major awards and its annual All - America team .
For more information about the FWAA and its award programs , contact Steve Richardson at tigerfwaa@aol.com or 972-713-6198 .
Alex Jensen Named Head Coach of the Canton NBA Development League Franchise
Posted by Glenn S. Moore on October 11th , 2011
CANTON – The Cleveland Cavaliers today announced that Alex Jensen has been named the first - ever head coach of their new NBA Development League franchise in Canton .
Canton General Manager Wes Wilcox made the announcement .
Per team and league policy , terms of the contract were not released .
“ Alex is a great fit for our team and organization and what we want to develop and accomplish in Canton .
He has a very successful and diverse background that is rooted in strong defensive principles and learned from one of the best coaches and basketball teachers in college basketball in Rick Majerus , ” said Wilcox .
“ Alex is also a strong communicator , has natural coaching instincts and understands the importance of building a team with a strong defensive foundation .
We are very excited for him to get started . ”
FWAA : Landry Jones Named Davey O’Brien Quarterback Of The Week
Posted by Glenn S. Moore on October 11th , 2011
Jones leads Sooners to 55 - 17 win over Texas
FORT WORTH , Texas - Following a commanding 55 - 17 victory over then - No. 11 Texas , Oklahoma ’s Landry Jones has been named the Davey O’Brien Quarterback of the Week .
Jones lit up the Longhorn defense for 367 yards in the air while pushing the Sooners to a 5 - 0 mark for the 2011 season .
Landry Jones led Oklahoma to a huge win over Texas on Saturday .
The Artesia , N.M. , native continued his impressive play , completing 31 - of - 50 passes and landing three touchdowns .
After the first quarter of play , the Sooners held a narrow 6 - 3 advantage , but the second quarter belonged to Jones and his offense .
Within the first four minutes of the second stanza , Jones had struck twice and given Oklahoma a 20 - 3 lead .
With less than one minute still to play in the opening half , the junior led the offense down the field , tallied his third touchdown of the quarter and gave the Sooners a strong 34 - 10 lead .
At halftime , he had already accumulated 305 yards .
Wine & Gold Show Podcast – Episode 21 – No Season , LeBron Over The Middle , Tryouts
Posted by Glenn S. Moore on October 11th , 2011
You can listen to “ The Wine & Gold Show ” every Tuesday at 7 P.M. EST
You will be able to join the chat room and call in as well .
Make sure to tweet out the show and use the hashtag # WGSHOW .
Episode 21 - 10.11.11
Brendan Bowers and I talked about the NBA lockout and a whole slew of other topics on “ The Wine & Gold Show ” , heard only on TheDugoutSportsShow.com and StepienRules.com .
While NBA commissioner David Stern cancelled the first two weeks of the season , we talked about will a season actually take place and who is to blame … the players or the owners ?
Wine and Gold Show - Episode 21 - 10.11.11 [ 29:12 ]
We also talked about the news that LeBron James might be looking to play in the NFL .
And how sweet it would be for him to take a hard shot over the middle if he would play wide receiver .
We wrapped up the show with the question : Will YOU be trying out for the NBA D - League in the next few weeks ?
Bowers has some high - level experience and I on the other hand , do n’t .
But we stated we would show interested in at least trying out !
30 Minutes With Pure Rage Chris Perez – Episode 2 – Rain Delays , Brew Crew , Jobu
Posted by Glenn S. Moore on October 10th , 2011
You can listen to “ 30 Minutes With Pure Rage ” every Monday and Wednesday at 6 P.M. EST .
You will be able to join the chat room and call in as well .
Make sure to tweet out the show and use the hashtag # 30 PureRage .
Episode 2 - 10.10.11
Cleveland Indians closer Chris Perez and I talked about everything from Nick Swisher to MLB Playoffs to hair on Monday ’s edition of “ 30 Minutes With Pure Rage , heard only on TheDugoutSportsShow.com .
We discussed what has transpired so far in the playoffs , including what teams he is rooting for .
He also talked about the home - field advantage the Milwaukee Brewers are having right now and how the fans pump him up at Progressive Field .
We had @Jobu_Lives call in and ask Chris what guy he would like to strike out to win a World Series .
Perez answered with Nick Swisher , which got a laugh from myself and Jobu .
Chris said he does n’t like the flashy style of Swisher .
We talked football as well , as well as when Chris will get a hair endorsement .
But nothing matches the great playoff talk between myself and Pure Rage .
DSS 1st Annual Weekly Celebrity Football Picks – Week 5
Posted by Glenn S. Moore on October 9th , 2011
DSS will have a few celebrities pick their winners of the football season every week !
Plus , the picks of DSS founder , Glenn Moore and a guest celebrity from Twitter !
This year ’s celebrities are Matt Iseman , host of American Ninja Warrior on G4 , WWE Hall of Famer , Jerry “ The King ” Lawler , Cleveland Indians closer Chris Perez , and ESPN ’s SportsNation host Michelle Beadle .
And our guest celebrity this week is Mark Spencer ,
TheDugoutSportsShow.com
EL PASO , Texas --
This buttoned - down city on the Mexican border feels like a boomtown these days , as entrepreneurs fleeing drug violence in Ciudad Juárez head across the Rio Grande to open hip clubs and hot restaurants here .
The violence in Mexico has provided an unexpected economic boost to El Paso , a city of more than 600,000 residents at the westernmost tip of Texas .
The unemployment rate here was 9.8 % in September , equal to the national average but far lower than in other border towns such as Brownsville and McAllen .
Cindy Ramos - Davidson , chief executive of the El Paso Hispanic Chamber of Commerce , said her staff was swamped with requests from Juárez businesspeople wanting to settle in El Paso .
They started more than 200 companies in the 12 months ended July 31 , a 40 % jump from the same period last year .
" It 's the largest migration of wealthy Mexican nationals [ to El Paso ] since the Mexican Revolution , " said Beto O'Rourke , an El Paso city councilman , referring to the decadelong rebellion that began in 1910 .
Not all newcomers to El Paso are refugees from violence .
Other factors helping to boost the city 's economy include a multibillion - dollar expansion of Fort Bliss , a military base that is attracting thousands of soldiers and aiding the local building industry , said Bill Gilmer , a senior economist at the El Paso branch of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The Taliban has released a video that shows US soldier Bowe Robert Bergdahl who was captured in Afghanistan almost six months ago .
Nato has confirmed the man in the video - seen wearing sunglasses , a military helmet and uniform - is Pte Bergdahl .
The 23 - year - old airborne infantryman , originally from Idaho , appears healthy .
He speaks calmly and clearly .
He was captured in Paktika province , a Taliban stronghold in eastern Afghanistan , on 30 June .
The insurgents also released a video of him a few weeks after he was captured .
' Affront '
In the video , Pte Bergdahl gives identifying details about himself such as his rank , date and place of birth , and deployment details .
" This is just going to be the next Vietnam unless the American people stand up and stop all this nonsense , " he says .
US Navy Rear Admiral Gregory Smith has condemned the video in a statement , saying Pte Bergdahl had clearly been forced to read a prepared statement .
He said releasing the clip on Christmas Day was an affront to the soldier 's family and against the teachings of Islam .
The Pentagon has said Pte Bergdahl was serving with an Alaska - based infantry regiment in Paktika province .
He vanished from his base , near the border with Pakistan , just five months after arriving in Afghanistan .
The military has been trying to locate him ever since , and a reward has been offered for his safe return .
He is believed to be the first soldier seized in either Iraq or Afghanistan for at least two years .
The highly skilled team of Miami personal injury lawyers at the Law Offices of Needle & Ellenberg , P.A. have been dedicated to helping injured people and their families throughout Florida to recover monetary compensation from those that caused their injuries for a combined 50 + years .
We feel honored to be able to serve the community that we do by giving effective legal services to those in need .
Improving Peoples ’ Lives
We are committed to improving the lives of our clients .
While our compassion drives us to protect the rights of people who have been injured by the negligence or malice of others , we will fight fiercely against those who have wronged innocent people .
We leave no stones unturned in our pursuit of justice to make sure that the injured get fair compensation for their injuries and damages .
We are proud of the verdicts and settlements we have obtained that have brought financial resources that innocent people and their families dearly need .
When someone is injured or becomes ill because of someone else ’s negligence , malice or reckless behavior , the victim of this should not suffer financially on top of this .
They should not have to be responsible for costs that are the result of their injury or illness nor should they suffer because of things such as loss of income .
These and many more are reasons why the resourceful team at Needle & Ellenberg fights wholeheartedly on behalf of their clients .
If you are looking for personal injury lawyers who are licensed to protect people in Miami and throughout the state of FL and who are experienced with successfully defending the rights of people who have unfortunately been injured here , contact the compassionate team at Needle & Ellenberg , P.A.today .
The sooner you contact us , the sooner you may be on your way to being able to focus on your physical and / or psychological recovery and healing , while we focus on your financial recovery and securing the compensation that you need to ensure that you do not suffer financially in the near or long - term future .
When someone is taking care of a loved that has been injured or becomes ill through no fault of their own and because of something that someone else did , or in many cases , did not do , it can be both physically and emotionally exhausting .
If you are in this situation , you should not have to suffer financially on top of all of the difficulties and complications that your loved one ’s injury has brought into your life .
Not only should the person or entity responsible for your loved one ’s injury be responsible for their medical bills , they should be responsible for making sure that other financial expenses that arise from the injury are taken care of both for the short and long term .
Losing a loved one is never easy but losing a family member because of someone else ’s negligence can be positively life shattering .
If this has happened to you , the Law Office of Needleberg & Ellen , P.A. is here to help .
While money cannot bring back your loved one , we know that having to worry about it during this difficult time and about your financial futurd is something that we will work tirelessly to get for your and your family so that you gain focus on trying to put your life back together .
Call Needle & Ellenberg , P.A. for the personal injury and wrongful death lawyers that Miami , FL relies on .
Buenos Aires , Argentina ( CNN ) --
Less than one month after a Buenos Aires court derailed the marriage of Alex Freyre and Jose Maria di Bello , the couple wed Monday at the southern tip of Argentina , making it the first same - sex marriage in Latin America .
" As a couple , we dreamed of marrying for a long time , " Freyre told the state - run Telam news agency .
Their marriage was hailed as a victory by gay rights groups in Argentina , though it was unknown whether the legality of their marriage would face any challenges .
After a legal battle earlier this year , a court in the capital , Buenos Aires , ruled that a ban on same - sex marriage was illegal and ordered the proper authorities to grant the couple a marriage license if they applied for one .
On the eve of their December 1 wedding , however , another court filed an injunction , putting the brakes on the nuptials .
In Argentina , the issue of same - sex marriage is decided on the local and state level .
So Freyre and di Bello went to the southernmost state of Tierra del Fuego , where a pro-gay marriage governor welcomed the event , Telam reported .
Although the federal government could not directly intervene , Argentina 's National Institute Against Xenophobia and Racism ( INADI ) helped find a friendly jurisdiction where the couple could have their wedding , the institute 's president , Claudio Morgado , told Telam .
Morgado was even a witness at the ceremony .
" This is the purpose of INADI , to safeguard the rights of citizens who do not fully enjoy these rights , " Morgado said , according to the state - run news agency .
The original ruling against a ban on gay marriage was made on November 10 by Buenos Aires trial - level judge Gabriela Seijas .
Her decision applied only to Buenos Aires .
" The law should treat each person with equal respect in relation to each person 's singularities without the need to understand or regulate them , " Seijas said in her ruling .
Buenos Aires Mayor Mauricio Macri said after the ruling that his government would not appeal the decision , but a second trial judge filed an injunction until the issue could be considered further .
Countries in Latin America , a region strongly identified with the Catholic Church , have recently given more attention to gay rights .
Earlier this month , Mexico City 's legislative assembly passed a bill legalizing gay marriage there .
In September , Uruguay became the first Latin American country to allow same - sex adoption .
Brazil , Colombia and Ecuador are also addressing the issue of same - sex civil unions .
" I enjoy coaching the young kids and being a part of youth hockey .
It is a great experience just to give back to the game and to these little guys .
It has been a lot of fun for me .
It has been time consuming because we travel quite a bit with the team .
But it has been a joy for me to coach these kids and teach them what I know . "
-- Mario Lemieux
Many amateur hockey coaches have played the game at an elite level , and some even have made it as far as the National Hockey League .
But imagine being a 13 - year - old player on a team who 's coached by one of the greatest hockey players of all - time .
That 's the situation for the 1996 Pittsburgh Junior Penguins and their head coach – Mario Lemieux Lemieux , 44 , the Hockey Hall of Famer and six - time NHL scoring champion , is in his second season behind the bench of the Junior Penguins .
He spent last year as an assistant coach before taking over the top reins prior to this season .
Making it even more special for Le Magnifique is that he has the opportunity to coach his son , Austin .
" I have been doing this for the past couple of years , " Lemieux said .
" I enjoy coaching the young kids and being a part of youth hockey .
It is a great experience just to give back to the game and to these little guys .
" It has been a lot of fun for me .
It has been time consuming because we travel quite a bit with the team .
But it has been a joy for me to coach these kids and teach them what I know .
" As fulfilling as coaching has been for Lemieux , his players have also benefitted from learning the finer points of the game from one of the NHL 's all - time greats .
"
The players think it 's really cool to have a coach like ( my dad ) who really knows what he is talking about , " Austin Lemieux said .
"
It 's probably the best experience I have ever had because he knows so much about hockey , " defenseman Keenan Murray said .
" Everything he learned he is trying to give to us .
It is really great that I can have this experience to learn from him . "
" It 's a great experience , " added team captain Davis McNulty .
" He is an awesome coach .
I love playing for him .
" Sometimes during practice , Lemieux takes the time to join a drill or two and remind the players what a special player he was back when he was regular racking 100 - point seasons , leading his team to two Stanley Cups and claiming three MVP trophies .
"
We do this drill where the puck goes behind the net and he forechecks us , " Murray said .
" I think , ' This guy must have been great when he was 22 , 23 years - old . '
It is just unbelievable to watch him skate .
" Murray said having Lemieux as a coach is equally as jaw - dropping for his parents , who have been huge Penguins fans since the pinnacle of Lemieux 's career when he led the Penguins to back - to - back Stanley Cup championships in 1991 and 1992 .
" My parents are just astonished that I can have the opportunity to be in the presence of him , " Murray said .
" When I was about 6 years old they said , ' This guy has done a lot for the Penguins organization . '
Now I am coached by him .
It is really great .
" Great would be one of the numerous adjectives that could be used to describe the performance of Lemieux 's team in a 7 - 3 victory over the Wilkes - Barre / Scranton Jr. Knights Saturday morning at the Blade Runners Ice Complex in Harmarville , Pa . After falling behind the Knights , 1 - 0 , less than four minutes into the game , it was a pretty passing play from Austin that got the Penguins on the board .
Taking a pass around the boards in the far corner during a Penguins ' power play , Austin laid a perfect saucer pass over the stick of a Knights defender right onto the blade of a teammate at the left point .
After a slap shot through the legs of the goaltender , the score was knotted , 1 - 1. Another goal by the Knights later in the frame gave them a 2 - 1 advantage after one period .
Like any good coach , Lemieux gave his team a little pep talk during the brief intermission .
Lemieux 's word certainly proved inspirational because two goals from the Penguins within the first 23 seconds of the second period gave his team a 3 - 2 lead they would never relinquish .
"
We did n't get a good start so before the second period I just told them to wake up a little bit and get on the offense , " Lemieux said .
" We got two quick goals within 20 seconds , so that was a good sign . " Quiet and mild - mannered behind the bench , Lemieux did offer his two cents when the opportunity presented itself , especially when he felt a penalty or two should have been assessed from the officials .
" From time to time I get a little mad at the players or the officials , which I used to when I played but a lot less now , " Lemieux said .
" It 's a lot more relaxing behind the bench .
" If you do n't have a fire , even at that level , you are in the wrong place .
I still like the kids to compete .
" Midway through the second period Austin took a pass in the right faceoff circle during a 2 - on - 1 and fired a hard wrist shot off the mask of the Knights goaltender .
When Austin came to the bench , his dad was there to offer an encouraging pat on the back .
" Good job , good job , " said Lemieux to his son .
Those words paid off as Austin would later score the final goal for the Penguins with 3:07 remaining in regulation .
Left alone to the left of the cage , Austin 's wrist shot flew over a sprawled out netminder to give the Penguins a 7 - 2 lead .
That goal elicited a smile from pops and a high - five when Austin got to the bench .
" I was in the right position , " Austin said .
" I 'm an assist guy .
I do n't score a lot of goals .
" While Austin does n’t think of himself as a huge goal scorer , the elder Lemieux is happy with where his son's development is at such a young age .
" He has good skills , " Lemieux said .
" He is going to grow into his body and get stronger as we go along here .
He is a pretty good puckhandler ; he sees the ice pretty well .
" I think the most important part for him is to have some fun and learn the game along the way .
That is all that matters for me . "
Prime Minister Stephen Harper and Bollywood actor Akshay Kumar pose with the 2010 Olympic relay torch in Mumbai on Monday .
Kumar will carry the torch in Toronto next month .
(( Prime Minister 's Office , Jason Ransom / Associated Press ) )
Prime Minister Stephen Harper pitched Canada as a potential sales partner to business leaders in India on Monday , the first day of his whirlwind three - day tour of the South Asian economic powerhouse .
Harper told an audience of Indian business investors at a hotel in Mumbai that the combined GDP of the two countries is on its way to $ 4 trillion , and yet two - way trade is just $ 5 billion .
That represents a lot of untapped business potential , he said .
Harper 's efforts to strengthen economic ties with India are a recognition of India 's rising importance as one of the world 's fast - growing economies .
Harper tells members of the Mumbai business community that Canada and India have a lot of room to expand trade with each other .
( ( Adrian Wyld / Canadian Press ) )
" The South Asian tiger has awoken and the world is standing in awe , " he told the business leaders .
Tourism is one area of the Canadian economy Harper is hoping India can give a boost to , and on Monday he said the Canadian Tourism Commission would launch a campaign to attract more Indian travellers to Canada .
To promote the campaign , Harper met with Indian Bollywood star Akshay Kumar , whom Harper announced would carry the Olympic relay torch in Toronto on Dec. 17 .
On another area of economic interest , Canada 's nuclear industry , the prime minister was scheduled to meet with Indian leaders in New Dehli on Tuesday for a round of talks on nuclear co-operation .
The two sides are expected to discuss a proposed civil nuclear agreement that would pave the way for Canada to sell nuclear technology to India .
Nuclear trade between the two countries has been stalled since 1974 , when India tested its first atomic weapon with the unauthorized help of Canadian nuclear technology .
Harper 's visit Monday had a more sombre beginning as he toured the city 's Chabad House , the Jewish outreach centre where gunmen killed six hostages a year ago as part of an assault on a number of targets in Mumbai .
On Wednesday he 'll be in Amritsar , where he will visit the Golden Temple .
Do you like this xxx photo ?
Click below for premium videos and hi-res photos .
Enter to
Menu
Religious tolerance & cooperation
Quotes promoting religious tolerance ( and intolerance ) :
Zainab Al - Suwaij , co-founder of the American Islamic Congress : " We have to respect others and we have to understand and not discriminate on the basis of faith .
...
When people do not talk and communicate , everything around them becomes dehumanized .
...
When you mix politics and religion , you get the worst of everything . "
Anon : " Religious tolerance is not religious indifference .
It consists of valuing the right of another person to hold beliefs that you know absolutely , and without a doubt , to be wrong . "
Anon : " Religious tolerance means to refrain from discriminating against others who follow a different religious path .
Tolerance is more difficult to maintain when you know that your religion is true and their religion is wrong . "
Bumper sticker : " Truth , not tolerance . "
Published by Harbor House Gifts of Fullerton CA .
The bumper sticker also shows a clenched fist on the left side and a cross on the right .
An interesting combination .
Paul Copan : " Contrary to popular definitions , true tolerance means ‘ putting up with error ’ -- not ‘ being accepting of all views ’...
It is because real differences exist between people that tolerance becomes necessary and virtuous . "
" True for You , But not for Me "
Robert Fleishmann : " When it comes to fundamentally wrong behavior ( called " sin " by the Word of God ) , there is no tolerance .
Wrong is wrong ! "
The Dalai Lama : I appreciate any organization or individual people who sincerely make an effort to promote harmony among humanity , and particularly harmony among the various religions .
I consider it very sacred work and very important work .
Snoopy : " Have you ever thought that you might be wrong ? "
Proposed title for a religious book being written by Charlie Brown 's dog ! in the Peanuts comic strip .
Many additional quotes are available about religious tolerance and about religious intolerance .
Sponsored link .
<< Please consider clicking on this link to our associated facebook page .
If you enjoy the diversity of views expressed there , please also consider asking to join the group .
Topics covered in this section :
Sponsored link
Related topics on this web site :
You may be interested in viewing the following sections dealing with the opposite of religious tolerance :
References used :
The following information sources were used to prepare and update the above essay .
The hyperlinks are not necessarily still active today .
" Imagine a world without hate , " Anti-Defamation League , at : http://youtu.be/
" Soldier responds to anti Muslim comments
The other guy just acted a part but the soldier had no idea , " at : https://youtu.be/
Soap Box Queen , " Refuse to Stereotype , " at : http://youtu.be/
Site navigation :
Home page > here
Copyright © 1998 to 2019 by Ontario Consultants on Religious Tolerance
Latest update and review : 2019 - MAR - 27
Author : B.A. Robinson
I ’m totally not sure yet what to think of the new ( and still beta ) release of NodeBox 2 ( located at this beta - site at the moment ) .
It is once again GPL and build upon NodeBox .
You can use Python - Scripts to generate “ generative art ” .
Like the original NodeBox , that was Macintosh - only , NodeBox2 has the emphasis clearly on simplicity and quick and direct results .
In this release they have two new main features .
The first one is not really a feature in the deeper sense of meaning :
It is available for Windows .
The second :
It ’s got a graphical - editor , where you can combine modules in some sort of “ maxMSP - style ” .
I just played with it a little bit , and can confirm , that this approach really leads to once again much quicker results , than tinkering with code only .
Purist will also come to their right , because tinkering with code only is also an option .
Well , let ’s see how this new ( kind of ) user - interface will react with the output .
I am totally in love with this plain simplicity of NodeBox1 .
Having too much of everything , and getting results too quickly is not always for the best .
Let ’s just wait and see what will happen .
by
The price of oil has fallen below $ 70 for the first time since early October , thanks to increased U.S. petroleum reserves as well as a strengthening dollar .
Since hitting its 2009 high of $ 82 per barrel on October 25 , the price of oil has fallen nearly 15 % .
Despite falling oil prices , the national average price of a gallon of regular unleaded gasoline has remained relatively flat over the past month , falling just two cents from $ 2.65 to todayâ€™s price of $ 2.63 .
While the price of gasoline is still well below the record highs set back in July 2008 , it is still up nearly 60 % from a year ago when the national average stood at $ 1.65 per gallon .
Currently only Hawaii ( $ 3.53 ) and Alaska ( $ 3.22 ) are reporting a state - wide average gas price above $ 3 per gallon , while 14 states are reporting an average gas price below $ 2.50 per gallon .
Oklahoma currently has the lowest average price at $ 2.43 per gallon .
MTS Player MTS プレイヤ ー
What is MTS ?
MTS file is a Sony high definition video file type .
MTS files are raw AVCHD videos recorded using Sony 's camcorders , such as the HDR - SR1 and HDR - SR5 models .
Panasonic , Canon and other brands of AVCHD camcorders also recorded in MTS format .
Currently , MTS files can be played using the Picture Motion Browser , Mplayer , Windows Media Player and other media players if there is a codec for DVD playing installed .
That 's to say , it 's not convenient to play and enjoy your MTS video .
How to play MTS files ?
Here provides two ways to play MTS files .
One is to use MTS Player .
You can directly play MTS after installing it .
It supports M2TS , TS files as well .
The other is converting MTS files to popular video / audio formats such as converting MTS to AVI , MP4 , WMV , MP3 , so you can enjoy videos on iPod , iPhone , PS3 , Archos , etc. anywhere and anytime .
This versatile MTS Player is a powerful MTS conversion software that can convert MTS files to other video / audio formats .
Converting MTS , TS , HD video files is so fast and perfect .
Price : $ 35.00 Free Trial
How to play MTS files
Step1 .
Free download the MTS conversion software and install it .
Step2 : Click to add the MTS file (s ) you want to paly .
Step 3 : Click button , you can preview MTS files .
Step4 .
Choose the output format and select output folder
Click " Profile " drop - down button to choose the formats you need , then click " Browse " button to choose destination folder for saving output files .
Step5 .
Press button to convert MTS files .
OK , you can play and convert MTS files by yourself now .
So easy !
But the output files quality is wonderful enough .
Free download and try now .
Price : $ 35.00 Free Trial
Ubisoft , developers of Avatar : The Game , are fond of saying that the world of Pandora can be experienced through both their game and James Cameron ’s movie .
This ability to explore a fictional universe in multiple media and through multiple storylines has been the goal of many failed efforts , most notably Enter The Matrix .
So it was up to the team at Ubisoft Montreal , makers of Assassin ’s Creed II and Prince of Persia , to assuage the doubts of skeptics and live up to the promises made in their developer diaries .
Unfortunately , Avatar : The Game offers all too little insight into Avatar the universe .
It ’s no secret that movie tie - in games are generally atrocious .
Just this year we ’ve had the displeasure of experiencing another round of The Lord Of The Rings games , Terminator Salvation , The Godfather II , Up , and a slew of others .
It ’s not just that these games were poorly designed and hastily put together ; they are also unabashedly derivative .
None of them provide more in terms of story than their cinematic counterparts ; instead of offering a fresh experience , they expect players to play through a plot they ’ve already seen at the theatre .
Even the few titles whose developers were given the time and license to provide compelling gameplay — King Kong and X - Men Origins : Wolverine , for instance — fell victim to the issues of poorly constructed games :
Their storyline and characters felt all too familiar .
A rare few have succeeded in being more than being a decent clone .
The first Riddick game , The Chronicles of Riddick : Escape from Butcher Bay , not only pushed the boundaries of first - person combat and stealth but created a new story arc separate from , but consistent with , the films .
As Riddick , the player could experience first - hand what being a feared , ultra- violent assassin was like without knowing every plot twist .
But Starbreeze was n’t finished there :
The developers released another game in the series ( the only film - game sequel I can think of besides Star Wars ) , Assault on Dark Athena , that built on their previous success and added yet more mythology to the Riddick canon .
In 2003 , Enter the Matrix had promised to bring the integration of games and film even closer .
Conceptually , the idea was brilliant .
The writers of The Matrix Reloaded — the second movie in the series — created a subplot that would be seen only in a very peripheral way through the movie .
The game put the player in control of the characters introduced in this subplot , letting the player watch the movie ’s story unfold from a completely different perspective in an interactive environment .
But even great ideas can falter with poor execution .
Though hailed by its developers and the filmmakers for its revolutionary integration with the movie , Enter The Matrix was rushed to market and turned out to be a lackluster game .
Even worse , diehard fans of the movies had no choice but to play through the game if they really wanted to know everything there was to know about the story .
As Steven Poole observed in Edge , “ with its massively hyped synergy and narrative overlap with Reloaded , … it seems the film itself has been deliberately made to suffer , to donate some of its lifeblood so that its vampiric brood can feed on it . ”
To combat the curse of game - movie tie-ins , Cameron brought in Ubisoft almost three years ago , while Avatar was still in pre-production , and gave them access to the film ’s assets and lore , just as Peter Jackson had done with King Kong .
To win the Avatar bid , they had to convince Cameron not only that they understood the movie , but that they had the ability to translate its message about human greed to gamers .
In the game you play as Ryder , a signals specialist who lands on Pandora two years prior to the events of the film .
Once you are there , the head officer of the RDA ( the human military ) instructs you to complete such menial tasks as wiping out infestations of viperwolves and repairing radar stations .
Soon you are informed that Ryder has unique DNA that makes him a perfect candidate for the RDA ’s “ avatar ” program and are tasked with connecting to your Na'vi host .
But the player is given very little insight into what is happening on Pandora , who the Na'vi are , why the RDA is there , and what the purpose of the avatar program is or how it works .
Presumably , these questions will be answered once the movie is released on Dec. 18 , but after so much hype , fans will be annoyed by the tease .
Unlike the Riddick games or Enter The Matrix , the Avatar storyline is more mystifying than illuminating .
The same can be said for the game itself .
Cut scenes with insignificant and poorly acted dialogue between one - dimensional characters end up just confusing the player .
After playing through to the end of the PlayStation 3 game , I was still unsure what a harmonic is , what an avatar is , what a Well of Souls is , what the First Voice is , and generally what had gone on over the past 15 or so hours — the time it takes to complete both “ paths ” in the game .
Much has been made about Avatar being two games .
Ubisoft and Cameron wanted to give players the ability to experience Pandora from both sides , that of the Na'vi and the RDA .
So about three hours into the game , you are placed in a situation where you must choose between the Na'vi and the RDA , as Jake ( played by Sam Worthington ) must do in the movie .
But unlike Jake , the player really has no loyalties either way , so the choice is n't a particularly hard one to make .
For myself , it was obvious that siding with the pillaging , greedy , genocidal RDA was not the right thing to do .
But to experience the whole game you will eventually have to make the opposite decision , even though that conflicts with your better judgment .
This is liable to leave you feeling that the “ choice ” is n't really a choice at all — just a mechanism to let you decide what character class you 'd like to be .
Developers have also claimed that the game allows the player to interact with Pandora , experiencing the creatures and plants that live there and the machines that are plundering it .
Playing as the RDA , you destroy anything from pineapples to harmless , mole - like animals .
As a Na'vi , you are more attuned to Eywa , some sort of all - controlling spirit that resides within Pandora .
This means you can ride animals and sometimes even have them join you in battle .
But while it may be integral to the movie , the experience of interacting with the world in the game is poorly conceived .
For the most part it feels as though Pandora is indifferent to whether the Na'vi win or lose .
And while plants and animals attack you if you ’re with the RDA , you do n't feel the kind of suffocation that such a hostile environment should create .
Then there ’s Avatar 's gameplay , which I found to be a tedious , boring and mostly irritating experience .
The faults are too numerous to list in their entirety , but they include unbalanced , awkward combat ; poor camera positioning ; bland , repetitive enemy design ; a boring multitude of fetch quests ; unintelligent AI , and amazing amounts of “ filler ” gameplay , forcing you to retrace your steps on multiple occasions and to wait in airlocks and elevators for long periods of time .
Though the game does n't seem broken in any respect , it ’s executed with such a lack of care that it ’s hard to believe Ubisoft could have been working on it for three years .
It ’s even harder to know how Ubisoft Montreal , having released many outstanding titles , failed so utterly to deliver what they had promised .
The Ubisoft team must have been under a lot of pressure , since they had to develop at least three different games for six separate systems .
But having them work on that many platforms suggests a more insidious problem : that the game is nothing more than a marketing push for the movie .
Being released more than two weeks prior to the film , hitting the largest possible audience and leaving you confused and mystified by saying nothing about the Avatar universe that you could n’t glean from trailers , it seems that the primary purpose of Avatar : The Game is to help fill theaters .
Though Enter The Matrix ultimately failed to impress , its underlying premise , to seamlessly integrate film and games , made it a title worth remembering .
The Riddick games will be recalled as some of the first film - game conversions to implement never - before - seen game mechanics within a compelling storyline filled with memorable characters .
While not pushing new boundaries , King Kong was notable for its solid gameplay , just as the movie was a good popcorn flick .
But with Ubisoft unable to convey much of import about the world of Pandora , I think memory will be less kind to Avatar : The Game .
If this , as Ubisoft Montreal CEO Yannis Mallat maintains , really represents “ the most advanced project of the whole convergence strategy that Ubisoft is promoting , ” then we — and they — may want to rethink the whole thing .
Strompreise an der Börse : Strom kostet weniger als nichts
Am zweiten Weihnachtstag rutschten die Strompreise an der Börse in den negativen Bereich .
Denn viel Wind und unflexible Großkraftwerke sorgten für ein Überangebot .
Nie zuvor in Deutschland war Strom im Großhandel so billig wie am zweiten Weihnachtstag :
Wer sich für diesen Tag über die Leipziger Strombörse EEX Energie beschaffte , bekam sogar noch Geld oben drauf .
Denn im Tagesmittel lag der Preis am Spotmarkt bei minus 3,6 Cent je Kilowattstunde .
Ursachen waren einerseits die Windkraft , die in der Nacht zum 26 .
Dezember zeitweise bis zu 20.100 Megawatt ins Netz drückte , andererseits die Großkraftwerke , deren Leistung aufgrund ihrer mangelnden Flexibilität nicht entsprechend gedrosselt werden konnten .
In den Morgenstunden zwischen 6 und 8 Uhr lag der Strompreis am Spotmarkt sogar bei minus 20 Cent je Kilowattstunde .
Für Betreiber von Großkraftwerken ist das bitter : Bei einer Anlage mit 1.000 Megawatt Leistung legen sie rechnerisch pro Stunde 200.000 Euro drauf , um den Strom vermarkten zu können .
Dennoch kann es für sie billiger sein , als die Kraftwerke zu drosseln .
Denn dies führt zu hohen Kosten durch überproportionale Belastung der Anlagen .
Der zweite Weihnachtstag war bereits der zweite Tag in der deutschen Stromgeschichte , der im Tagesmittel einen negativen Strompreis hervorbrachte .
Diese kann das Handelssystem der Leipziger Börse seit April 2008 darstellen .
Erstmals hatte es sich am 4 .
Oktober ergeben , dass der Strompreis im Tagesmittel negativ war , er lag damals bei minus 1,2 Cent je Kilowattstunde .
Für einzelne Stunden hatte es schon früher negative Preise gegeben .
Damals warnte die Deutsche Umwelthilfe bereits , man habe das Wetterleuchten eines Systemkonflikts erlebt , der sehr bald alltäglich wird , wenn nicht parallel zum Ausbau der erneuerbaren Energien nacheinander Atomkraftwerke und später Kohlekraftwerke vom Netz genommen werden .
In der Tat könnte der zweite Weihnachtstag einen Vorgeschmack auf die Zukunft der deutschen Stromwirtschaft geben , die zunehmend einen technischen und ökonomischen Konflikt erlebt :
Die bestehende Kraftwerksstruktur , die im fossil - atomaren Zeitalter aufgebaut wurde , ist mit den stark schwankenden erneuerbaren Energien immer weniger in Einklang zu bringen .
Besser können dies dezentrale Erzeuger , wie kleine Blockheizkraftwerke , deren Betrieb sich flexibel an das Angebot der Windkraft anpassen kann .
Ein solches Projekt hat der Hamburger Ökostromanbieter Lichtblick im Herbst unter dem Namen " Schwarmstrom " gestartet .
Dass gerade in den letzten Wochen in Deutschland der Bau mehrerer Kohlekraftwerke abgeblasen wurde , dürfte unter anderem genau damit zu tun haben : Die Windkraft beeinträchtigt die ökonomische Basis unflexibler Großkraftwerke immer mehr , weil der Strom der Meiler stunden - oder gar tagelang nicht benötigt wird und dann - wie jetzt geschehen - keine oder sogar negative Erträge bringt .
Robert Kennedy ’s death , like the President ’s , was mourned as an extension of the evils of senseless violence ; events moved on , and the profound alterations that these deaths … brought in the equation of power in America was perceived as random ….
What is odd is not that some people thought it was all random , but that so many intelligent people refused to believe that it might be anything else .
Nothing can measure more graphically how limited was the general understanding of what is possible in America .
~ Congressman Allard Lowenstein
Former Auburn coach Tommy Tuberville said Thursday he 's interested in the Texas Tech opening .
" I would be very interested , " Tuberville said .
" I have family there .
I have a lot of ties there .
I 've recruited Dallas and Houston and I think it would be a pretty good fit .
Mike [ Leach ] did a good job and I think I could make the situation even better . "
Tuberville and Baylor coach Art Briles are two logical candidates , according to sources familiar with the pending search to replace Mike Leach .
Leach was fired Wednesday after 10 seasons with the Red Raiders .
Interim coach Ruffin McNeil , the team 's defensive coordinator , will lead Texas Tech in the Valero Alamo Bowl on Jan. 2 against Michigan State Spartans .
Tuberville and Auburn parted ways in 2008 after his team went 5 - 7 in his 10th season at the school .
In 2004 , Tuberville received national coach of the year awards after leading the Tigers to a 13 - 0 record .
Tuberville averaged 8.5 wins in his 10 seasons , taking Auburn to eight consecutive bowls .
He also coached at Ole Miss .
Joe Schad covers college football for ESPN .
FCC
A few weeks after the FCC sent an inquiry about its early termination fee ( ETF ) increase , Verizon has replied back with a seven - page missive of its own in defense of the fee hike .
If you recall , Verizon increased its ETF from $ 175 to $ 350 specifically for " advanced devices , " which we assume means smartphones like the Droid .
Verizon claims that the ETF allows the company to offer the phones at lower upfront prices and to reduce its losses if the customers do break their contracts early .
Even with such a fee increase , Verizon claims it would still be losing money , since the carrier does prorate the ETF the longer you 're in the contract ( never mind that you still owe $ 120 in ETFs if you quit in the 23rd month ) .
Verizon also points out that additional revenue from the ETFs is useful to keep its broadband network strong ( a dig at AT&T , perhaps ? ) .
The company answers the FCC 's questions about ETF awareness by saying it is making it very clear to customers , with advertising and marketing material .
We were hoping that we would get at least a lowering of the ETF out of all this , but it seems that Verizon is holding strong to its fee increase .
It 's the FCC 's move next , to see if we can get any kind of reprieve at all .
Source : Verizon 's response to the FCC via Phonescoop
Man dies after being Tasered by Stamford police
STAMFORD -- A 47 - year - old city man went into " medical distress " and died Wednesday morning after a Stamford police officer shocked him with a Taser , State Police said in a statement .
Stephen Palmer , of 23 Lafayette St. , died after police responded to his home on a report of an unruly man , state and city police said .
State police are investigating the incident at the request of State 's Attorney David Cohen .
Five city officers were injured in the incident , Assistant Chief Robert Nivakoff said in a statement .
At 11:05 a.m. Wednesday , caseworkers from the Franklin S. DuBois Center , a state - run mental health treatment center on Summer Street , called police after dealing with Palmer , a patient who allegedly threatened his roommate and Dubois Center doctors who had gone to his residence .
Officers responded to the home and Palmer let them inside , only to attack them moments later , the Stamford Police Department said in a statement .
He disobeyed officers and became aggressive toward them , so they used pepper spray on him , which proved ineffective .
A Stamford officer then shocked Palmer with a Taser , a stun gun that delivers an electric shock to incapacitate suspects .
Officers were able to handcuff Palmer , but he went into medical distress soon afterward , state police said in a statement .
Stamford police said Palmer seemed to have trouble breathing .
Paramedics tried to help Palmer at the scene and he was transported to Stamford Hospital and pronounced dead a short time late .
The five Stamford officers injured in the incident were treated and released .
State troopers in the Major Crime unit are gathering evidence at the scene and interviewing witnesses in the case , which is still under investigation .
Nivakoff said it is procedure for the state police to conduct an independent investigation .
He would not name the officer who Tasered Palmer , saying the department would do so later .
" It is a sad day for us all , " Nivakoff said in a statement .
" I feel very confident that the officers involved properly followed the department 's continuum of force procedure and this will be evident at the conclusion of the state 's investigation . "
Staff Writer Jeff Morganteen can be reached at jeff.morganteen@scni.com or 203-964-2215 .
Dear Associated Press ,
Holy Joe Lieberman is a man of many parts .
He is a sleazebag , a warmongering Neocon , a sanctimonious backstabber , " Armageddon " John Hagee 's " Zionists bring the Second Coming " Reacharound Buddy , a serial betrayer of the leaders of the Democratic Party , ... and many other things which could not be could not be adequately described given the family nature of your publication .
One thing he emphatically is not is a " Senate Democrat " .
Perhaps as they clean out their desks and make their way out the door , one of your many hundreds of newly laid - off reporters could pass along to you that portion of their notes which detail the recent political history of Joesph I. Lieberman wherein he :
Lost the Democratic primary in Connecticut to an actual Democrat .
Formed his own Lieberman Uber Alles Party ( Motto : A Smarmy Of One ) Ran against the candidate of the Democratic Party and , With massive assistance from a cartel of banks , insurance companies , credit card companies and Republicans who now collectively own his quisling ass , managed to win back his former Senate seat .
He also endorsed the Republican candidate for President in 2008 and campaigned for ( Mc ) same , and was welcomed and applauded as a member of the family at The Grand Ol ' Party convention of insane freaks .
Which means , as I said , despite the fact that Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and President Barack Obama both still inexplicably seem to want to have his babies , Joesph I. Lieberman is not a Senate Democrat , and is most certainly -- as your strange photographic juxtaposition suggests -- not THE Senate Democrat .
I hope this clears thing up .
Yours in Christ , and crossposted from ,
driftglass
The Japanese art of kusudama is the construction of a paper model that is typically ( but not always ) made by gluing or sewing several
identical folded flowers made from squares of paper together through their points to form a pretty paper ball 🙂 .
The art of Kusudama originally came from ancient Japan , when they were used as potpourri and incense–they were originally actual bunches of flowers or herbs .
The word itself
actually means “ medicine ball ” .
Kusudama are currently used as gifts and decorations , and today I ’m going to show you how to make one very quickly and easily ( of course , we ’ll be learning the easiest ones to make that will require minimal materials ) .
You can get the necessary origami paper ( 24 7 x 7 Sheets in 12 colors ) there from Amazon for about 5 bucks .
I ’ve got a very short ( 2 pages ) PDF with diagrams you can use , plus a couple of videos .
All of them show you how to make different kinds of Kusudama , have a look :
Morning Dew
Kusudama Morning Dew
Star Sea
Venus
Additional Resources and Further Reading
If you ’re really interested in this an excellent book is Kusudama Origami by Tomoko Fuse – I think I have this book in Japanese ; could n’t see enough “ look inside ” pages to be sure .
Even so , Tomoko
Fuse is my FAVORITE designer , and if I ’m looking at the same book in English , it ’s one of her best .
These unit and assembly instructions are VERY easy to follow .
For weeks after learning the Lantern , I was making them from memory out of restaurant placemats .
Also , the best general beginner ’s origami book is Easy Origami by John Montroll –it ’s clearly illustrated with easy - to - follow instructions that even beginning papercrafters can follow with successful results , and has 32 projects for novice origami hobbyists from an ultra-simple hat , cup and pinwheel to the more challenging figures of a penguin and a piano .
A lovely blog called Folding Trees has got an OUTSTANDING Kusudama tutorial with step - by - step instructions and photos , highly recommended and free as well , by the way .
You should also have a look at an article Wikihow has put together on how to make a simple Kusudama flower .
I am a 23 - year - old male who has been in a relationship with a great woman for four years now .
She is an amazing person , and we oftentimes talk about marriage .
The issue is this : I have a foot fetish , and she is fully aware of it .
She does n’t like the idea of me kissing her feet or indulging my fetish in any way .
We have sex quite often , and I ’ve always let it slide that she does n’t want any part of my fetish .
I do n’t know what to do , because I ’m at a stage in my sexual growth where I need to experience my fetish .
I ’m getting mixed advice from different people , and I just want a straight answer .
The sex we have is amazing , but I would enjoy it so much more if I could act on my desires once in a while .
Sexually Frustrated Fetishist
Advertisement
Here ’s a straight answer :
Your amazing girlfriend is an amazingly selfish lover , and I ’m amazed that you ’ve put up with her bullshit for as long as you have .
A foot fetish is not uncommon or outrageous ; as fetishes go , SFF , yours is the least taxing for a non -kinky partner .
It ’s not like you ’re into shit or choking or Christian side - hugs .
Any amazing woman who truly loved you would regard indulging you as a no - brainer .
Share time : I have a good friend who is n’t kinky at all — unless you count being gay — and he ’s a runner who goes for long runs every Saturday morning .
When he gets home , he handcuffs his boyfriend to a chair in his kitchen , duct - tapes one of his sweaty sneakers over the boyfriend ’s face , and leaves him there while he has breakfast .
My friend — who came to me for advice when his boyfriend confessed his fetish — is n’t really into guys with sneakers duct - taped to their faces .
But it gets his lover off , and is n’t that what lovers are for ?
Advertisement
Your lover has had things — she ’s had you — on her terms for four years , SFF , which means you ’re going to have to play the breakup card .
It ’s the only leverage you have .
Tell her that if she can indulge your fetish — happily and regularly — and take some pleasure in giving you pleasure , she might be “ the one . ”
If she ca n’t or wo n’t , she obviously is n’t .
( Not that “ the one ” is anything other than a destructive myth , but for the sake of winning this argument , go ahead and use it . )
Finally , SFF , do n’t let the girlfriend — or anyone else — tell you that you ’re threatening to end this relationship over something trivial .
Sexual fulfillment is important , particularly if your relationship is exclusive .
And the “ triviality ” of your kink cuts both ways :
If your kink is so trivial , why not just indulge you , then ?
And in a long - term relationship — or a marriage — one partner ’s sexual selfishness and another ’s sexual frustration rarely prove trivial over the long haul .
They ’re more often grounds for divorce .
Advertisement
I am a 35 - year - old partnered gay man , but I ’ve been having an online conversation with a married bisexual man that has become an ongoing game of sexual dares .
It ’s a safe form of sexual adventurism for both of us .
None of our dares has involved sexual contact with another person , but some of our dares have begun to involve other people at the edges .
For example , we ’ve posted ads to Craigslist as submissives and responded to some of the replies from dominant men .
None of these interactions with third parties will result in actual contact .
It feels a little like we are exploiting the “ flakes ” aspect of Craigslist , i.e. , it ’s common to hear from someone a few times after making contact on Craigslist and then never hear from them again .
But it also feels a little like we are using these folks .
Is this expansion of our game to involve other people ethical ?
Concerned About Harming Craigslist Fellas
P.S. By the way , this letter is itself part of a dare .
If you publish it and include a dare in the published reply , I will have to fulfill that dare .
The expansion of your game to Craigslist will annoy those guys on CL who are looking for actual contact , CAHCF , but as those guys amount to something less than 0.02 percent of the men trawling Craigslist at any given moment , I would n’t worry about it .
Everyone knows that CL is overrun with flakes and game - players and picture - collectors ; the odds that the “ dominant men ” you ’ve chatted with on CL are interested in actual contact are pretty damn slim .
( Guys interested in real - time BDSM play are likelier to be lurking on Recon.com or in your local hardware store . )
So post at will .
Advertisement
P.S. I dare you to go to tinyurl.com / ye3otsh and take the pledge .
I ’m a straight guy in my late 20s .
I have a girlfriend of several years whom I live with and I love very much .
I just read your most recent column , in which you used the acronyms HND ( honest non-monogamous dude ) and CPOS ( cheating piece of shit ) , and it struck a nerve .
I have never been an HND ; I have in the past been a CPOS ( though not in this relationship ) .
My girlfriend is lovely , supportive , and generally GGG , and though the sex is good , I have a significantly higher libido than she does , and I would like to have a little more variety in my sex life .
I want to be an HND , but I do n’t know how to broach the subject with the girlfriend without ruining our relationship .
We are very open about our sex life and our relationship in general , but I think this is probably a “ next level ” topic that may not go over very well .
How do I bring this up without screwing up our relationship beyond repair ?
Aspiring Honest Non-monogamous Dude
Advertisement
Based on what you ’ve learned about yourself in past relationships , AHND , i.e. , that you ’re a CPOS waiting to happen , I would encourage you to err on the side of screwing up your current relationship with an honest conversation about your mismatched libidos and your natural and normal desire for a little variety .
Lies , damn lies , and statistics all demonstrate that , in time , one or the other or both of you will cheat .
Better to toss that out there now , even at the risk of calmly winding down this relationship before you revert to form / CPOS , than to see the relationship explode after someone , most likely you , winds up cheating .
And while we ’re on the subject of cheating …
I suppose I ’m obligated to say a few words about Tiger Woods .
First , let ’s pretend that Elin Nordegren cheated on Tiger and that Tiger went after Elin with a golf club .
Would Elin be viewed as the sole transgressor in the marriage then ?
Probably not .
And second , daily papers and cable - news outfits reacted to Tiger ’s “ transgressions ” by changing the names in the same “ Why do powerful men cheat ? ” stories they ’ve been pimping since Bill Clinton blew a load on a White House intern .
For the millionth time :
Men cheat for the same reasons women cheat , i.e. , because they ’re bored or horny or unfulfilled or desperate to see someone else naked for a change .
People cheat because monogamy is n’t natural , and we are wired to cheat .
That does n’t make cheating right , of course ; people should honor their commitments , and blah - de - nine - iron - blah .
But we should n’t encourage people to make commitments we all know they ’re unlikely to keep .
The end .
Advertisement
AUCTION NOTICE :
Want to answer a question or two in an upcoming column ?
I ’m auctioning off a chance to give advice in this space to raise money for some worthy charities .
Go to tinyurl.com / SLauction for details and to bid .
Find the Savage Lovecast ( my weekly podcast ) every Tuesday at thestranger.com / savage .
Got problems ?
mail@savagelove.net
It was just a matter of time before the administration 's covert plan of rewarding bank execs for massive failure by allowing them to load up their balance sheets with record risk once again , while paying out historic bonuses , blew up in Larry Summers ' face .
Today 's attempt by the government to not only allow the failed Citi management team to pay itself an infinite amount of money more than it deserves for destroying one of America 's landmark companies ( why the hell is Vikram Pandit still in charge of the Titanic ? ) but to pretend that it " generated " another taxpayer win by selling off its shares at a profit , was aborted after hours , when Citi could barely find enough interest to sell $ 17 billion at the embarrassingly low price of $ 3.15 , below that government 's cost basis .
This will preclude Obama from making a TV appearance tomorrow of how the US taxpayer made even more money by backstopping Moral Hazard .
What the US taxpayer however did do , is funnel money straight out of its pocket , into that of Vikram 's worthless lackeys .
We somehow doubt this will make the teleprompter of whatever it is Obama will be praising in his TeeVeethon tomorrow .
More from the WSJ :
The U.S. government reversed plans to begin reducing its trimming its 34 % stake in Citigroup Inc. ( C ) after investors balked at buying the bank 's shares , according to people familiar with the situation .
Citigroup was nearing completion late Wednesday on the sale of about $ 17 billion of newly issued shares .
But the offering encountered such a lukewarm response that Treasury Department officials decided to hold off on selling any of its shares until next year , these people said .
At the expected sale price of $ 3.15 a share , the U.S. government would have suffered a loss of 10 cents per share on its 7.7 billion - share stake in Citigroup , or about $ 770 million .
Treasury officials also agreed not to sell the government 's shares for at least 90 days .
The 90 - day lockup is a significant concession because the government previously could sell its Citigroup shares whenever it wanted .
Citigroup said Wednesday evening that it plans to go forward with repaying the financial lifelines it got under the Troubled Asset Relief Program .
That includes unwinding a deal in which the government shields Citigroup from most losses on $ 301 billion of assets held by the company .
As Citigroup gauged interest in its huge offering , announced Monday , some investors said they were willing to buy shares only if the company extracted an agreement from the Treasury Department to hold off on any future stock sales for at least 90 days , according to people familiar with the matter .
The government now plans to unload its Citigroup stock gradually over the next 12 months , people familiar with the situation said .
That is a major shift from the Treasury Department 's announcement Monday that it planned to dispose of the shares over six to 12 months .
Is this merely one of the ever increasing cracks in the economic team 's bailout plan , which as all investors are fully aware are completely unsustainable in the long run , yet sufficiently plausible over the next 90 or so days ( until QE presumably ends ) that one more day of buying by various algos may be warranted .
Perhaps the 90 days will end up being a far too optimistic expectation .
Scientists at UC Santa Barbara have made a major discovery in how the brain encodes memories .
The finding , published in the December 24 issue of the journal Neuron , could eventually lead to the development of new drugs to aid memory .
The team of scientists is the first to uncover a central process in encoding memories that occurs at the level of the synapse , where neurons connect with each other .
" When we learn new things , when we store memories , there are a number of things that have to happen , " said senior author Kenneth S. Kosik , co-director and Harriman Chair in Neuroscience Research , at UCSB 's Neuroscience Research Institute .
Kosik is a leading researcher in the area of Alzheimer 's disease .
" One of the most important processes is that the synapses -- which cement those memories into place -- have to be strengthened , " said Kosik .
" In strengthening a synapse you build a connection , and certain synapses are encoding a memory .
Those synapses have to be strengthened so that memory is in place and stays there .
Strengthening synapses is a very important part of learning .
What we have found appears to be one part of how that happens . "
Part of strengthening a synapse involves making new proteins .
Those proteins build the synapse and make it stronger .
Just like with exercise , when new proteins must build up muscle mass , synapses must also make more protein when recording memories .
In this research , the regulation and control of that process was uncovered .
The production of new proteins can only occur when the RNA that will make the required proteins is turned on .
Until then , the RNA is " locked up " by a silencing molecule , which is a micro RNA .
The RNA and micro RNA are part of a package that includes several other proteins .
" When something comes into your brain -- a thought , some sort of stimulus , you see something interesting , you hear some music -- synapses get activated , " said Kosik .
" What happens next is really interesting , but to follow the pathway our experiments moved to cultured neurons .
When synapses got activated , one of the proteins wrapped around that silencing complex gets degraded . "
When the signal comes in , the wrapping protein degrades or gets fragmented .
Then the RNA is suddenly free to synthesize a new protein .
" One reason why this is interesting is that scientists have been perplexed for some time as to why , when synapses are strengthened , you need to have proteins degrade and also make new proteins , " said Kosik .
" You have the degradation of proteins going on side by side with the synthesis of new proteins .
So we have now resolved this paradox .
We show that protein degradation and synthesis go hand in hand .
The degradation permits the synthesis to occur .
That 's the elegant scientific finding that comes out of this . "
The scientists were able to see some of the specific proteins that are involved in synthesis .
Two of these -- CaM Kinase and Lypla -- are identified in the paper .
One of the approaches used by the scientists in the experiment was to take live neuron cells from rats and look at them under a high - resolution microscope .
The team was able to see the synapses and the places where proteins are being made .
The first author on the paper is Sourav Banerjee , a postdoctoral fellow with the Neuroscience Research Institute and the Department of Cellular , Molecular , and Developmental Biology .
The other author is Pierre Neveu , who is affiliated with the Neuroscience Research Institute and the Kavli Institute of Theoretical Physics .
New 3 - D CGI ‘ Night Of The Living Dead ’ Remake Casts Voices , Offers Details
For those of you who are unaware ( this included myself ) , a brand new re-imagining of George Romero ‘s Night of the Living Dead is being made , and it will be completely computer animated , and in fabulous 3 - D .
The movie will be called Night of the Living Dead : Origins , and it aims to do things that have n’t been able to be done in live - action films .
Directing duties will be handled by Zebediah de Soto , a true fan of the original film .
The 1968 film was the first movie he ever saw after a strict childhood that had him forbidden from TV .
The latest Living Dead has now also begun casting its roles , and you will not be able to deny the loyalty that they show to the zombie genre in their casting .
Names that have high association with the horror and zombie genre are getting the jobs , and horror fanboys will surely have to take a peek , even though the thought of a CGI zombie film must be a tad infuriating .
Casting so far goes as follows : Joe Pilato , who appeared in both the original Dawn of the Dead as well as Day of the Dead , will voice the role of Harry Cooper , a working man who only cares about his injured daughter .
Bill Moseley ( House of 1000 Corpses , The Devil ’s Rejects ) will actually voice the same role of Johnnie that he played in the 1990 remake .
Danielle Harris ( Halloween , Halloween II ) will voice a woman having trouble dealing with being without her family .
And rounding out the cast is Alona Tal ( Supernatural ) voicing the bitter wife of Harry Cooper , Cornell Womack ( Rescue Me ) as a tough NYC cop , and Jesse Corti ( Heroes ) as a reporter .
In terms of details , you can expect the typical zombie madness we ’re so used to .
But de Soto also wants to try and step away from the norm where he can , which means trying to move away from the “ backed into a corner ” locations most zombie movies have .
I wanted to make this look like a living Monet ; itâ€™s expressionism .
Itâ€™s going to be the first zombie movie played on a epic scale .
This is the â€˜Empire of the Sunâ€™ of zombie films .
â€¦ I lived through the L.A. riots and saw the city on fire ; I remember seeing people running , people getting pulled out of cars .
And with 9/11 , these images have been ingrained on people of my generation .
I just thought that is the way it would really be , a lot of chaos .
Night of the Living Dead : Origins is currently being animated with voicing set to begin soon .
No word yet on when the film will be released .
The role of Blackwater employees in the Iraq and Afghanistan wars was so central to the US ’s efforts that the lines between the controversial security contractor , the CIA and the military were effectively “ blurred , ” says a report in the New York Times .
During the height of the Iraqi insurgency from 2004 to 2006 , Blackwater guards participated almost nightly in “ snatch and grab ” raids on suspected militants , the Times reported in a story published late Thursday .
ADVERTISEMENT
The company ’s cooperation in top - secret CIA operations “ illuminate [s ] a far deeper relationship between the spy agency and the private security company than government officials have previously acknowledged , ” the Times reports .
“ Blackwater ’s partnership with the CIA has been enormously profitable for the North Carolina - based company , and became even closer after several top agency officials joined Blackwater . ”
“ It became a very brotherly relationship , ” an unnamed “ former top CIA officer ” told the Times .
“ There was a feeling that Blackwater eventually became an extension of the agency . ”
From the Times article :
Several former Blackwater guards said that their involvement in the operations became so routine that the lines supposedly dividing the Central Intelligence Agency , the military and Blackwater became blurred .
Instead of simply providing security for C.I.A. officers , they say , Blackwater personnel at times became partners in missions to capture or kill militants in Iraq and Afghanistan , a practice that raises questions about the use of guns for hire on the battlefield .
Representative Rush D. Holt , a New Jersey Democrat who is chairman of the House Select Intelligence Oversight Panel , said in an interview that “ the use of contractors in intelligence and paramilitary operations is a scandal waiting to be examined . ”
While he declined to comment on specific operations , Mr. Holt said that the use of contractors in such operations “ got way out of hand .
It ’s been very troubling to a lot of people . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Over the course of the past year , information has been slowly leaking out about Blackwater ’s role in Iraq and Afghanistan , and in the broader war on terrorism .
Allegations have emerged that the Bush administration hired Blackwater to run elements of its “ extraordinary rendition ” program , which saw terrorism suspects kidnapped and taken to countries where they could be tortured .
Following the revelation last summer of a secret “ CIA hit squad ” that targeted high - value terrorists for assassination , allegations emerged that the government had outsourced parts of that program to Blackwater , a move some critics have described as “ unconstitutional . ”
And an investigative report from The Nation reporter Jeremy Scahill revealed last month that the Obama administration is using Blackwater in a program to assassinate terrorist targets in Pakistan .
ADVERTISEMENT
With a slew of bad news about his company emerging almost weekly in the press , Blackwater founder and chairman Erik Prince revealed last week that he plans to retire from the company .
Prince said he wants to teach high school .
Tuesday , December 8 , 2009
On October 14 , Uganda introduced legislation that would outlaw and ban homosexuality in the nation .
If politicians pass legislation , homosexuals would be forced to leave the country , or be imprisoned for life .
Some human rights groups say the law would also allow authorities to kill homosexuals .
" This inflammatory bill will be taken as further confirmation that it is OK to attack or even kill people perceived to be lesbian , gay , bisexual , or transgender , " said spokesman for the International Gay and Lesbian Human Rights Commission , Victor Mukasa on October 15 .
The organization is calling on Uganda 's government to " immediately withdraw this dangerous proposal . "
According to Human Rights
Watch , the current law allows authorities to imprison suspected homosexuals and AIDS patients for up to 14 years .
The new legislation would make the prison term a life sentence .
The practice of " aggravated homosexuality " would allow the authorities to sentence homosexuals to death .
Members of the public would be required to report acts of homosexuality within 24 hours of witnessing the act .
If they fail to do so , they would also be imprisoned for a minimum of three years .
The bill also states that the nation would be prepared to cut ties with other countries and stop any commitments they have with them to allow the new laws to be enforced .
" We used to say Mr and Mrs , but now it is Mr and Mr. What is that now ?
We believe there are limits to human rights , " said minister of state for ethics and integrity in Uganda , James Nsaba Buturo , who supports the legislation , in an interview with The Guardian on November 29 .
He said that politicians are " determined " to have the law go into effect before the end of the year .
Sexual Minorities Uganda chairman Frank Mugisha also said on November 29 , that if legislation " passes we [ homosexuals ] will have to leave the country . "
Today , leaders with the Episcopal Church also spoke out against the proposed legislation .
Leaders expressed " profound dismay " in a statement made by the Church on Monday .
" Our Christian faith recognizes violence , harassment and unjust treatment of any human being as a betrayal of Jesus ' commandment to love our neighbors as ourselves .
As followers of the teachings of Christ , we must express profound dismay at a bill currently before the Parliament in Uganda , " said the statement .
Many other organizations have signed letters or statements calling for the legislation to be withdrawn .
They include The World AIDS Campaign , Unitarian Universalist Church United Nations Office and Amnesty International .
Sources
I decided it was time for one of those Makeovers .
Literally .
Tired of the goofy - looking face I see in the mirror every morning , I ordered a new one – Brad Pitt ’s – using a revolutionary , technological marvel called a Bioprinter .
After all , it ’s Christmas !
The Bioprinter is being developed at University of Missouri - Columbia as part of the Frontiers of Integrative Biological Research Program , supported by the National Science Foundation .
Its purpose is to further advance our understanding of self - assembly during the organization of cells and tissues into functional organ modules .
In other words , to create organs , body parts , using bioprinting technology , which operates with bioink particles of cells to assemble an anatomical organ bit by bit until it is whole .
Think of an inkjet printer producing an illustration of a heart ; now think of it as real , three dimensional , and fully functioning .
Here is an illustration of the Bioprinter :
So I had an idea : skin is the largest of human organs , fully replicable tissue .
Why not map Brad Pitt ’s face and then do a martini cocktail mix of his and mine , letting the Bioprinter create the final result !
So , here is my goofy face getting mapped by the Bioprinter :
Here is Brad Pitt ’s getting mapped on the Bioprinter :
And here is the resulting masterpiece , the blend of Daedalus and Brad Pitt , which we will now call , Bradalus !
I like it !
Cool , yes ?
All I can say now is , Merry Christmas , Mrs. Daedalus !!!
[ or should I say , Merry Christmas , Mrs. Bradalus !!!]
And maybe even Merry Christmas , Angelina Jolie !!!
[ Hey , who knows ?
An improvement is an improvement .
Could be … ]
Introduction
This is a video LP of the Lucas Arts classic , Grim Fandango , which many people consider ( myself included ) to be the greatest adventure game ever created .
Yes and very well by Luisfe .
I highly recommend checking it out here For a couple of reasons .
First the original thread was mainly in screen shot format which did n't included alot of the excellent voice work and music that the game features .
Secondly , this has been something I 've been wanting to do even before coming to the LP forum .
I 've always wanted to have videos of this game so that I could revisit it again in the future at anytime without the hassle of trying to get it to run properly on newer machines .
Also these videos contain no commentary by me of any kind .
Calm down .
If you want commentary that points out some of the game 's quirks and hidden features then check out Luisfe 's thread above .
This one is pure vanilla as anything that I could possibly add to it would just be detrimental .
Well I recommend checking out the trailer below .
If you find it interesting then trust me when I say that you 'll enjoy the rest .
Now on with the show .
Enjoy .
This section contains tracks from the game 's soundtrack .
I 'll add them as they appear in the videos .
PDL is great to be used either from its command line shell and as part of your script .
For performing analysis on data sets that need to be parsed first and then quickly plotted , the combination of Perl and a Data Language with excellent plotting is awesome .
I use it a lot in working with machine measurement logs .
Barter Books , Alnwick Station , Northumberland
“ The British Library of secondhand books , ” raved the New Statesman .
Part of the thrill is the setting – in an ­elaborate Victorian railway station , buffers and ticket grille still in place .
You can leave the children in the ­playroom and browse among the books before an open fire in the waiting room , with a cup of coffee .
The shop was established as a book swap centre 20 years ago and you can still exchange your old tomes for other people ’s .
Prices range from 30 p to £ 20,000 and most subjects are covered through the seven packed rooms .
The catalogue is available on the website and you can purchase online .
Alnwick Station , Northumberland 01665 604888 barterbooks.co.uk
Back by popular demand , we made a new video for our original sticky Sriracha chicken wings post in 2009 .
Enjoy them for game day , every day or when you ’re craving an appetizer for your next gathering .
All right folks , hold on tight because you ’re going to be blown away at how amazing these sriracha chicken wings are .
If you ’re a lover hot sauce , or any sriracha brand for that matter , these chicken wings will fly off your platter .
The first test batch of these wings almost disappeared within seconds of coming out of the oven .
We literally inhaled eight of these chicken wings in 3 minutes because the hot sauce was so good .
So good .
So finger - licking - good .
Video Sriracha Chicken Wing Recipe :
Sriracha chicken wing sauce is so good , dip anything in it !
We ’re lovers of spice and with all the football games coming up , we needed to spike our already popular crispy asian chicken wings with a little more sweet sriracha heat .
We set out to create a buffalo wing sauce with our different bottles of sriracha hot sauce .
Spicy Asian Chicken Wings with Sriracha
Yes , there are many so many different bottles of sriracha hot sauce out there .
We have about 5 different bottles sitting in our pantry , waiting to be coated over chicken wings .
And if you ’re ambitious like we are about the flair of spicy foods , you can make your own !
It ’s easy to make homemade sriracha style chili hot sauce to add to this chicken wing sauce .
The most well known sriracha style hot sauce sauce is the Rooster Brand sriracha hot sauce by Huy Fong .
For this recipe we used this familiar green topped bottle for the sauce .
Balanced with some ketchup , vinegar and the fresh golden char of onions and garlic , this sauce it to die for or fight for .
The tangy , sweet , vinegary , gentle heat of this sauce is just amped up with enough spice .
This will keep your heart rate up and running for more .
For more heat pleasure , just add more sriracha hot sauce !
We ’ll be attending a big New Year ’s party and can you already tell what our potluck contribution is ?
A huge platter of these wings will be ready and waiting for the masses of party goers !
Happy New Year !
diane and todd
Make Homemade Sriracha style chili garlic hot sauce Creamy Sriracha – Spicy Sriracha hot sauce mayo .
Here ’s some more spicy recipes for those of you who appreciate spicy food .
Here ’s all our Chicken Wings Recipes if you ’re hungry for more
Print Recipe Sriracha Chicken Wings Recipe Chicken wings can be prepared in different ways to achieve their crispness : fried or baked , with flour or not .
Visit this write up on different ways to prepare chicken wings
This recipe shows a baked technique , but you can certainly fry the wings to make them crispy .
Best of all , this recipe does n't have any butter ( ( unlike most Buffalo wing recipes ) and it's * healthier * and still spicy delicious !
Prep Time 15 mins Cook Time 1 hr Total Time 1 hr 15 mins Servings : 4 servings Calories : 378 kcal Ingredients
For the Wings 2 pounds ( 907 g ) chicken wings , rinsed & patted dry
kosher salt , to season wings
ground black pepper , to season wings
For the Sauce 2 Tablespoons ( 30 ml ) vegetable oil
2 cloves ( 2 cloves ) garlic , finely minced
1 small ( 1 small ) small onion , minced ( @ 1/2 cup )
1/2 cup ( 120 g ) ketchup
1/4 cup ( 60 g ) Sriracha sauce or any chili hot sauce ( or more for a spicier sauce )
1 Tablespoon ( 15 ml ) vinegar
1 teaspoon ( 5 ml ) fish sauce or soy sauce ( choose fish sauce , it tastes better ! )
1/4 teaspoon ( 1.25 ml ) ground cumin Instructions Preheat oven to 425° F ( 220 °C ) .
Line a baking sheet pan with parchment paper .
On prepared baking sheet pan , spread chicken wings out in one even layer ( we do n't coat our wings with oil before baking , but you can if you want .
We find that the oil just makes the wings greasier .
The wings release enough fat already ) .
Season chicken wings with salt and pepper .
Bake for about 45 - 50 minutes until golden brown , flipping the wings halfway through baking , after the first 25 minutes or so .
Make the sauce while the wings cook ( or before ) :
Heat sauce pan on medium - high heat , add 2 tablespoons of vegetable oil and then add onion and garlic .
Continue stirring the onions and garlic until they are golden brown , but not burnt .
Then add ketchup , sriracha hot sauce , vinegar , fish / soy sauce and ground cumin .
Stir well and let simmer on low heat for about 3 minutes .
Remove from heat and set aside .
After chicken wings have finished baking , toss wings in sauce .
Serve warm , although these still taste great when they 're cold !
And oh , do n't forget the beer !
Video Notes Crispy Wing Alternate Cooking Methods Traditional
Fry in Oil ( uses about 1/2 - 3/4 cup of cornstarch to coat wings ) .
Toss the wings in cornstarch to coat , shaking off excess cornstarch .
Heat about 2 - inches of oil in a large pot to 375 °F .
Fry in batches for about 8 minutes per batch , or until golden and cooked through .
Make sure to turn the wings a couple times while cooking so they cook evenly .
Season with salt & pepper .
Air Fryer Chicken Wings ( here ’s our favorite Air Fryer ) Season wings with salt & pepper .
Air Fry at 400 °F for 25 - 30 minutes , flipping 2 - 3 times while cooking .
Toss with a little sauce , and then air fry for another 4 minutes .
Different models and sizes of air fryers cook quicker than others .
So adjust times accordingly .
Nutrition Calories : 378 kcal | Carbohydrates : 10 g | Protein : 23 g | Fat : 26 g | Saturated Fat : 11 g | Cholesterol : 94 mg | Sodium : 876 mg | Potassium : 332 mg | Sugar : 7 g | Vitamin A : 360 IU | Vitamin C : 15.1 mg | Calcium : 26 mg | Iron : 1.4 mg Tried this recipe ?
Let us know how it was !
Jerusalem ( CNN ) -- Israeli forces killed six Palestinians in separate incidents in the West Bank and Gaza early Saturday , acts that quickly drew Palestinian condemnation .
The first incident happened in the West Bank city of Nablus , where the Israeli military killed three Palestinians it said were responsible for the death of an Israeli civilian in the West Bank this week .
Israeli forces entered Nablus overnight to locate the suspects and killed them Saturday morning , the Israel Defense Forces ( IDF ) said .
Palestinian medical officials and witnesses confirmed the deaths .
The strike was a joint operation by the Israeli military and Israeli security services , a spokeswoman for the Israeli military said .
She said all three men were known militants associated with Fatah militant groups .
Israeli forces found four guns at the place where one of the suspects was killed , the IDF said .
" The Israel Defense Forces will act firmly against those who aspire to harm citizens of the state of Israel and Israeli security forces , and will not rest until those involved in the murderous act are brought to justice , " said Maj.
Gen. Avi Mizrachi of the IDF .
The IDF blamed the men for the killing Thursday night of Israeli settler Meir Avshalom Hai , who lived in the settlement of Shavei Shomron in the northern West Bank .
The 54 - year - old father of seven was shot and killed in his car near the entrance to the settlement , said Col. Avi Gill of the Israeli military .
The Israeli military spokeswoman could not detail the nature of what evidence they had against the three Palestinian suspects , who all lived in Nablus .
Two of the Palestinians , both 40 , had been imprisoned in Israel in the past ; one of them had been a senior member of the Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigades , the militant wing of the ruling Fatah party in the West Bank , according to the IDF .
The third man , who was 36 , had been involved in widespread militant activity and had been an arms dealer and supplier , the IDF said .
Palestinian medical officials in Nablus said two of the men suffered gunshots to both the upper body and the head .
Witnesses near the site of the operations told CNN more than 50 Israeli military vehicles supported dozens of soldiers and that the city became a closed military zone .
The witnesses also said it appeared the men could have been arrested rather than killed .
" All three were killed in cold blood , " said Dr. Ghassan Hamdan , director of the Palestinian Medical Relief Committee in Nablus , who visited all of the locations where the military operation took place .
" The Israeli military could have easily arrested them but it shows that this was not the intention , " Hamdan told CNN .
" This was clearly assassination and liquidation of Palestinian people in cold blood .
...
My experience and what I saw on the bodies describes that they have been killed in cold blood . "
The Israeli military said it could not immediately comment on the allegations .
Hamdan said there was evidence on one of the bodies that the man had been interrogated before being killed , though he did not say what that evidence was .
The operation in Nablus followed a separate incident Saturday morning , in which three Palestinians were killed in an Israeli airstrike along the northern border between Gaza and Israel .
The three men were observed moving along the Palestinian side of the border fence , a spokesman for the Israeli military told CNN .
The Israelis fired warning shots but the men continued to move along the fence , at which point an Israeli military aircraft fired at and killed the men , the spokesman said .
The military believed the three men had " intention to carry out a terrorist attack " but could not confirm whether the men were observed carrying weapons or explosives , the spokesman said .
An adviser to Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and spokesman for the Palestinian Authority , Nabil Abu Rudeineh , condemned the two incidents .
" The Israeli escalation in the West Bank and Gaza and the return to the policy of assassinations and random killings in virtual excuses shows that the the Israeli government decided to destroy the independence and security of the Palestinian people and is pulling our people into a bloody circle of violence , " Rudeineh told CNN .
" The Israeli government should bear the responsibility for the killings and also bear the responsibility for the dead end in moving the peace process forward because of Israel 's refusal to stop the policy of settlement and to commit to the references of the peace process , " he said .
Rudeineh called on the international community , and especially the U.N. Security Council , U.N. General Assembly and the Middle East quartet of Russia , the United States , European Union and United Nations , to intervene immediately " to stop the crimes of the Israeli occupation . "
CNN 's Kevin Flower contributed to this report .
A majority of Republicans in this country thinks that nearly 10 million votes were stolen by ACORN :
The new national poll from Public Policy Polling ( D ) has an astonishing number about paranoia among the GOP base : Republicans do not think President Obama actually won the 2008 election -- instead , ACORN stole it .
Just check out these numbers :
Among Republicans , however , only 27 % say Obama actually won the race , with 52 % -- an outright majority -- saying that ACORN stole it , and 21 % are undecided .
Among McCain voters , the breakdown is 31%- 49 %-20 % .
By comparison , independents weigh in at 72%- 18%-10 % , and Democrats are 86 % - 9 % - 4 % .
That 9 % figure among Democrats is a bit disconcerting -- perhaps most of them were laughing too hard to accurately push the right button on their phone .
But 52 % of Republicans ???
Setting aside for a moment that there are n't too many of them left ( at least that will admit to it ) , this number surprises even me , and I 'm always ready to assume the worst about the GOP base .
A shout out to the 21 % who are still a - ponderin ' .
May their cogitatin ' not be too painful .
TPM goes on to make this observation :
This number goes a long way towards explaining the anger of the Tea Party crowd .
They not only think Obama 's agenda is against America , but they do n't think he was actually the choice of the American people at all !
Well shit , that 's hardly surprising considering that they do n't think he was born in this country either :
PPP communications director Tom Jensen says : " Belief in the ACORN conspiracy theory is even higher among GOP partisans than the birther one , which only 42 % of Republicans expressed agreement with on our national survey in September . "
" Only 42 % " ?
This is the state of today 's GOP : it counts as some sort of triumph of reason that only four out of ten of them are birthers .
At this rate we 'll be handing out gold stars to them for not making poopie in their pants .
One last thought : pause for a moment and ponder how they'd be handling things if they 'd lost the election by , say , 500 votes .
In a state run by Obama 's brother .
Enlarge By NASA , Reuters The Ares I - X rocket sits atop launch pad 39B at NASA 's Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral on Tuesday .
NASA has spent nearly four years and $ 350 million on Ares 1 - X .
The 327 - foot ( 99 - metre ) tall vehicle the tallest rocket made since the 1960s - era Saturn rocket was hauled out to a refurbished space shuttle launch pad at the Kennedy Space Center in preparation for an Oct. 27 liftoff .
WASHINGTON  NASA needs to make a major detour on its grand plans to return astronauts to the moon , a special independent panel told the White House on Thursday .
Under current plans , NASA has picked the wrong destination with the wrong rocket , the panel 's chairman said .
A test - flight version of the rocket , the new Ares I , is on a launch pad at Cape Canaveral , awaiting liftoff later this month for its first experimental flight .
Instead , the National Aeronautics and Space Administration should be concentrating on bigger rockets and new places to explore , the panel members said , as they issued their final 155 - page report .
The committee , created by the White House in May to look at NASA 's troubled exploration , shuttle and space station programs , issued a summary of their findings last month , mostly urging more spending on space .
On Thursday in a news conference , panel Chairman Norman Augustine focused on fresh destinations for NASA , saying that it makes more sense to put astronauts on a nearby asteroid or one of the moons of Mars .
He said that could be done sooner than returning to the moon in 15 years as NASA has outlined .
The exploration plans now under fire were pushed by then - President George W. Bush after the 2003 Columbia space shuttle disaster .
The moon - Mars plan lacks enough money , thanks to budget diversions , the panel said in a 155 - page report .
Starting in 2014 , NASA needs an extra $ 3 billion a year if astronauts are going to travel beyond Earth 's orbit , the panel said .
The Augustine commission wants NASA to extend the life of the space shuttle program and the International Space Station .
Space shuttles are due to retire Oct. 1 , 2010 , but should keep flying until sometime in 2011 because they wo n't get all their flights to the space station done by that date .
And the space station itself — only now nearing completion — should operate until at least 2020 , allowing for more scientific experiments , part of its reason for existence .
NASA 's timetable calls for plunging it into the ocean in 2015 .
However , the overall focus of the panel 's report is on where U.S. space exploration should be headed .
The White House will review the panel 's analysis " and then ultimately the president will be making the final decision , " White House spokesman Nick Shapiro said in an e-mail comment .
The committee outlines eight options .
Three of those involve a " flexible path " to explore someplace other than the moon , eventually heading to a Mars landing far in the future .
The flexible path suggests no -landing flights around the moon and Mars .
Landing on the moon and then launching back to Earth would require a lot of fuel because of the moon 's gravity .
Hauling fuel from Earth to the moon and then back costs money .
It would take less fuel to land and return from asteroids or comets that swing by Earth or even the Martian moons , Phobos and Deimos , Augustine said .
Eventually , Augustine said NASA could return to the moon , but as a training stepping stone , not a major destination , as the Bush plan envisioned .
Panel member Ed Crawley , a professor at MIT , said NASA should explore the inner solar system " to interest the American public in new destinations . "
He noted that so many new asteroids and comets are being discovered each year that the potential first landing spot " is probably one we do n't know about yet . "
Augustine said landing astronauts on such a near - Earth object could occur in the early 2020s .
In a news conference to discuss their report , Crawley and Augustine said the current NASA plans were well conceived at the time , in 2005 .
But when money got diverted and launch dates delayed , NASA 's new Ares I rocket began to look like it lost one of its major purposes : ferrying astronauts to the space station .
Crawley said the panel liked the idea of a commercially operated , more basic rocket - taxi to get astronauts into the low - Earth orbit of the space station .
If NASA spent about $ 5 billion to help kick - start the embryonic commercial space business to do the people - carrying , then the space agency could concentrate on heavier rockets that do the real far - off exploring , he said .
Those commercial rockets should be ready in about six years , Crawley said .
NASA is slowly delaying some parts of the old moon program .
It 's rethinking its future annual $ 10 million spending on a still - unbuilt lunar lander as it awaits Obama 's decision on the Augustine panel recommendations , said NASA spokesman Grey Hautaluoma .
George Washington University space scholar John Logsdon praised the report as " more comprehensive " than NASA 's current program .
Syracuse University public policy professor Henry Lambright said he worries about changes that will cause a loss in momentum in NASA 's exploration plans .
" You 've got to make a decision and you 've got to stick to it if you are ever going to get to Mars . "
Senator Richard Shelby , a Republican , criticized the idea of using unproven commercial carriers instead of the Ares , which was designed in his state .
He said the report was " unsatisfactory and disappointing . " _ Review of U.S. Human Space Flight Plans Committee : http://www.nasa.gov/offices/hsf/home/index.html
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
New Jersey Firearms Task Force Legislation Sticks it to Honest Gun Owners – Again !
Please Immediately Call Members of the Assembly Law & Public Safety Committee .
Trenton , NJ –-( AmmoLand.com ) -
On Thursday , December 3 at 2:00 pm in State House Annex Room 12 , the New Jersey Assembly Law and Public Safety Committee will hold a hearing on three bills of importance to New Jersey 's law - abiding gun owners .
It is important that members of the Assembly Law & Public Safety Committee hear from you on Thursday .
A4308 and A4304 have been introduced in an effort to address serious problems in New Jersey 's gun rationing law that was passed in the middle of the night on June 26 .
NRA and fellow Second Amendment advocates warned legislators that the one - gun - a - month bill as written contained many flaws and errors which would have to be fixed down the road .
A4301 is an attempt by New Jersey to comply with the grant eligibility requirements set forth in the NICS Improvement Act , passed by Congress in 2007 .
{openx:39}
As of this writing , lawmakers are still working on last minute language for A4308 , which has emerged from the recommendations put forth by Governor Corzine 's Firearm Task Force .
The Task Force was supposed to create a robust exemption for law - abiding gun owners from the one - gun - a - month law .
Instead , the legislation adds insult to injury by creating an ill - conceived exemption that would force gun owners to beg for permission and show “ legitimate need ” every time they wish to exercise their Constitutional right to obtain more than one handgun per month .
Under the legislation that is currently proposed ( and subject to possible last minute change ) , the average gun owner would need to show why it would not be “ feasible or practical ” to purchase the guns separately – a standard that the State Police and the courts are likely to interpret against gun owners .
New Jersey 's judiciary has repeatedly abused “ needs ” standards relating to firearms and , in its own words , is blatantly biased against gun owners :
“ When dealing with guns , the citizen acts at his own peril , ” wrote the Supreme Court when it upheld the conviction of the owner of .22 rifle as an assault firearm ( State v. Pelleteri ) .
The notion that honest persons thoroughly investigated by the state should have to beg further permission and show why it is not “ feasible or practical ” to ration their Constitutional rights is offensive and insulting , and represents another promise broken by the politicians involved in the Task Force .
Please immediately call the members of the Assembly Law & Public Safety Committee and tell them to keep their promise to gun owners and create a robust exemption for honest gun owners who have nothing to do with illegal trafficking .
A4304 will clarify the original “ one gun a month ” bill by exempting the “ transfer of handguns among licensed retail dealers , registered wholesale dealers and registered manufacturers ; or transfers of handguns from any person to a licensed retail dealer or a registered wholesale dealer or registered manufacturer .
As it stands now , the current law exempts sales between licensed gun dealers but not purchases by licensed dealers from firearm distributors or manufacturers which under New Jersey law are classified differently .
Please contact members of the Assembly Law & Public Safety Committee and urge them to support A4304 .
A4301 is a good faith attempt by New Jersey to comply with the grant eligibility requirements set forth in the NICS Improvement Act , passed by Congress in 2007 .
The NICS Improvement Act helped strengthen the reporting of persons who are prohibited from firearm purchases because they have been adjudicated by a court as mentally defective or as a danger to themselves or others .
The NRA does have some concerns over the new language that removes the county adjuster from the expungement process in favor of the county counsel .
It is the adjuster who receives New Jersey 's mental health check form on the state license for NJ FID cards and NJ Handgun permits .
Please contact the committee members and respectfully urge them to keep the county adjuster as a party to the expungement process .
Assembly Law & Public Safety Committee
Assemblyman Gordon M. Johnson ( D - 37 )
( 201 ) -541-1118 ( Englewood )
( 201) -928-0100 ( Teaneck )
[ email protected ]
Assemblyman Nelson Albano ( D - 1 )
( 609 ) -465-0700 ( Cape May Court House )
( 856) -765-0891 ( Millville )
( 856)-696-7109 ( Vineland )
[ email protected ]
Assemblyman Jon M. Bramnick ( R - 21 )
( 908 ) -232-2073 ( Westfield )
( 908 ) -232-3673 ( Westfield )
( 908 ) -918-0414 ( Summit )
[ email protected ]
Assemblyman David P. Rible ( R - 11 )
( 732) -974-0400
[ email protected ]
Assemblywoman Elease Evans :
( 973 ) 247-1521
[ email protected ]
Assemblywoman L. Grace Spencer :
( 973 ) 624-1730
[ email protected ]
... but we do go into hiding every so often .
2016 was clearly the warm up for my 2017 .
Work is trying to kill me by overworking me to death , I do n't know w ...
3 years ago
NORTH RIDGEVILLE , Ohio —
A breeder from Columbus has sued a North Ridgeville animal clinic over a breeding mix - up that almost killed her champion show dog .
Barbara Lea Jacobs charges that her purebred Pembroke Welsh corgi was inseminated with semen from both a corgi and from a Great Pyrenees , which is five times the size of a corgi , because the semen was negligently mixed by veterinarian Dr. Robert Hutchison and Animal Clinic Northview .
" It was like breeding an elephant to a gazelle .
She almost died .
They destroyed the value of this bitch , " said attorney David Jay Hyman , who is representing Jacobs and is also a breeder of show dogs .
The suit , filed in Delaware County , was transferred to Lorain County Common Pleas Court last week on a motion by Hutchison 's attorney Todd Haemmerle .
Haemmerle said he could not comment on the case .
Hutchison , who was also named individually in the suit , did not return phone calls .
Hyman said the corgi , known as Gwynne , was inseminated in 2007 with semen from a 30 - pound corgi that was contaminated with semen from a 150 - pound Great Pyrenees .
Gwynne conceived a litter that included two purebred corgis , six " abnormally large " Pyr - Corgi puppies and a puppy that died shortly after birth , according to the suit .
Gwynne grew so large during the pregnancy that she was unable to eat normally or walk , and the puppies had to be delivered by cesarean section .
" She continued to bleed for three months , and was unable to care for her puppies , " Hyman said .
" She ultimately had to be spayed " -- destroying her reproductive and economic value to Jacobs , and ending her show career because spayed or neutered dogs cannot compete in American Kennel Club shows .
Gwynne had one litter of puppies previously , and would have been bred again several times , Hyman said .
Purebred Pembroke
Welsh corgi puppies are valued at $ 2,000 to $ 3,500 , he said .
Hutchison , who is recognized by breeders internationally as an authority on small animal fertility and reproduction , produces approximately 150 frozen semen litters yearly , according to the Web site for Animal Clinic Northview .
The suit alleges four counts of negligence , fraud and breach of warranty , and seeks compensatory and punitive damages of $ 800,000 per count .
Three other veterinarians who are shareholders in the clinic -- Brian Greenfield , Randall Hutchison and Matthew Wilson -- were also named in the suit .
EX.519 Mr Scruff
One of the UK 's essential DJs reflects on the state of dance music and his recent DJ Kicks mix .
Democrats are right to accuse the GOP of slowing down or halting healthcare reform , Republican National Committee Chairman ( RNC ) Michael Steele said Thursday .
In a memo to Republican leaders released this morning , Steele said that the GOP is in fact trying to stall or stop Democrats ' health reform plans , but only because it reflects the will of the American people .
" The Democrats have accused us of trying to delay , stall , slow down , and stop this bill , " Steele wrote .
" They are right . "
ADVERTISEMENT
" We do want to delay , stall , slow down , and ultimately stop them from experimenting on our nation ’s health care , " the RNC chairman added .
" And guess what , so do a majority of Americans .
" Democrats have hammered away at Republicans for weeks now over healthcare , levying varying charges of " obstructionism , " or , as House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer ( D - Md. ) termed the GOP in a speech this week , " The Party of ' No . '" Steele marshaled various polls in the memo to argue that healthcare has flagged in support among Americans , and asserted that allowing Democrats to pass health reform would hurt them politically ( though the GOP wo n't let that happen , he said ) .
" I have heard Republican political operatives say that it will be good for our Party next November if the Democrats pass this bill , " he said .
" That may be , but we can not take that approach .
Some things are more important than politics .
This is one of those times . "
Update , 2:22 p.m. : Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) National Press Secretary Hari Sevugan responds :
With this memo and Senator Judd Gregg 's obstruction manual , Republicans have laid their cards on the table and made explicit that their intention , their singular goal , is obstructing the President 's agenda for the sake of politics no matter how high the price for the American people .
They 've made the choice crystal clear for voters - while Democrats are working to get things done for the benefit of the American people , Republicans are obstructing progress for the benefit of themselves and their special interest allies .
If they think that 's a winning proposition , they are in for a world of hurt .
Also telling of how out - of - touch they are , and notwithstanding that a poll conducted by the Republican Party has the credibility of the Saddam - era Iraqi information minister , the fact that Republicans have to ask whether we needed to focus on the economy or health care only demonstrates that they do n't get it .
If they understood that soaring premiums are forcing our businesses to choose between creating jobs and paying for insurance , and that families are paying medical bills instead of buying Christmas gifts , if they understood that out of control insurance costs are intricately tied to the ability of our economy to grow , then we would n't be in the mess we are in now .
He ’s Got the Law ( Literally ) in His Hands
Six years after a civil war that killed 250,000 and displaced hundreds of thousands more , justice is at the top of Liberia ’s list of needs .
But in this small West African country of 3.5 million , the problem is n’t a lack of courtrooms or trained lawyers .
Liberia is wanting for the actual laws themselves .
The country ’s legal code does n’t exist in print except for a few mismatched volumes here and there , sequestered in incomplete sets in libraries in the capital , Monrovia .
And right now , as far as legal advocates can tell , even Liberia ’s national parliament does n’t have a full copy of the law .
Why not ?
Because the few volumes that do exist have been quietly copyrighted — and subsequently held ransom — by the man in charge of Liberia ’s legal reform .
Across the country , lawyers , courtrooms , and even the government are operating blindly ; it ’s impossible to be certain if they are following a legal code they do n’t have .
The man who has literally taken the law into his own hands is Philip Banks , appointed by President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf as chair of the country ’s law reform commission .
He served twice as Liberia ’s justice minister , first during an interim government in the 1990s and again under Johnson Sirleaf beginning in 2007 .
In between his stints as justice minister , Banks led a team of lawyers , a group called the Liberia Law Experts , to codify the country ’s newest laws .
The project , which picked up where an earlier pro bono effort by late Cornell University professor Milton Konvitz had left off , won just over $ 400,000 in funding from the U.S. Department of Justice ( DoJ ) , according to e-mail exchanges between Banks and key legal players , obtained by Foreign Policy .
Konvitz had codified laws up to 1978 , just before Liberia plunged into 20 years of sporadic conflict .
Those volumes list the copyright as belonging to the government of Liberia .
Defending himself in an interview with FP on Oct.27 , Banks says he numbered , bound , and indexed the newer laws — intellectual work that he claims as his original property .
Without his efforts , he claims , Liberia ’s laws would exist only in loose - leaf pamphlets and would likely be lost .
Banks says the DoJ funding was n’t enough to cover his costs .
So when DoJ declined to give him more , he asserted a claim of copyright on the work , according to an explanation of the issue he sent by e-mail to a justice sector consultant in 2006 .
It ’s a claim he has appeared willing to relinquish several times for sums between $ 150,000 and $ 360,000 , according to the e-mail exchanges , which were obtained by FP .
But Banks sees the copyright as an altogether different tool .
" These are resources that you ’ve had to expend in putting all of this together , and the question is , should you be compensated ?
I hold the view that you should , " he asserted in his interview with FP .
" And for folks that have said , no you should n’t , I ’ve said to them , go and get your loose - leaf . "
DoJ , meanwhile , could n’t find records of its agreement with Banks , but a spokesperson says it would be " highly unusual " for the department to have agreed to let Banks retain the copyright .
Banks claimed during the interview that he is willing to give up the copyright for " zero , " but that others in his team of Liberian lawyers want more money .
Critics in Liberia say Banks is the problem .
" There ’s a lot of blame and name - calling and passing the buck , " says Anthony Valcke , a British lawyer working in Liberia on rule - of - law issues .
Either way , the consequences of the dispute are being felt across Liberia , whose courtrooms and parliament are operating without copies of the law .
" Look at all the work that ’s being done in the government , anti-corruption , legal aid , NGOs , all those who work as watchdogs over the acts of the legislature .
None of these organizations — none of them — have copies of the laws , " says Valcke .
" It ’s so fundamental to a democracy that it ’s unbelievable that this situation has been allowed to exist for so long . "
The problem is an open secret in Liberia , where the current justice minister has publicly called the availability of the law a priority , and the minister of labor , who used to work in the Justice Ministry , has often derided the country ’s lack of access to its own legal code .
The U.S. Agency for International Development estimates that $ 13 million is poured into rule - of - law assistance programs in Liberia each year , even as the law itself is lacking .
Several of those programs ’ personnel have pressed Banks on the issue .
When those attempts proved unsuccessful , they ’ve instead worked around his copyright claim .
This summer , the United Nations Development Program bought and donated 15 sets of the disputed volumes so that rural county prosecutors could have access to them .
Individual volumes from an original run of 100 are scattered across libraries and offices — or have been lost .
No one really knows .
Effectively , the volumes are unobtainable .
Banks ’ group , Liberia Law Experts , is currently negotiating to sell the copyright to the Liberian government .
Those involved wo n’t name the asking price , but Varney Sherman , a former presidential candidate who worked on the project with Banks and is party to the negotiations , says the " small fee " is " closer to $ 100,000 " than $ 360,000 .
( The entire government ’s 2007 - 2008 budget was $ 207 million , according to the Liberian Finance Ministry . )
President Johnson Sirleaf said in an Oct. 12 interview that she is willing to entertain compensation for " whatever they may have spent out of their own resources , " but insists , " Rightfully , those copyrights belong to the government . "
She hopes to have the situation sorted " within a year . "
Meanwhile , the dispute slows down legal reform efforts .
Judges , law students , and legal scholars make arguments based on old laws , often toting to court 20 - year - old tattered law books purchased at a time when you could actually buy law books in Liberia .
But a lot has changed in Liberia since those pre-civil war laws were drafted .
" We have a lot of laws that are duplicative , that are conflicting , and that has to be sorted out , " Johnson Sirleaf acknowledged in her interview with FP .
But sorting out the overlap is difficult to do without access to the law books .
In a paper written a year before he became justice minister for the second time , Banks acknowledged that variation in the laws undermined business , development , and human rights in Liberia .
The solution ?
He recommends the government buy the copyright to materials published by " private Liberian initiatives . "
Banks never acknowledges his financial stake in that recommendation in the 83 - page paper , written for the government body that oversees the Law Reform Commission he now chairs .
As the negotiations drag on , the law is disappearing .
" We ’re going to lose legislation , literally , " says John Hummel of the Carter Center in Liberia .
" When this is all resolved , someone is going to say , ‘ We passed this one law two years ago about arson ; where is it ?
I do n’t know . ’ "
The Iranian government vented its anger at Britain last night , declaring that London deserved a " punch in the mouth " for its role as the " chief culprit " behind the mass protests sweeping the Islamic Republic .
The Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei further upped the ante at home , branding senior opposition members " enemies of God " who deserved to be executed .
And in what human rights groups and diplomats described as another " ominous development " , Iranian police told leading opposition members that they could no longer guarantee their safety outside their homes .
Among those to receive the warning was Mehdi Karroubi , who came fourth in June 's disputed presidential election and whose car was smashed up by government supporters at the weekend .
His son , Taghi , said his father was effectively under " house arrest " .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The office of Iran 's Supreme Leader , who possesses ultimate authority in the country , said : " Those who are behind the current sedition in the country ... are mohareb [ enemies of God ] and the law is very clear about punishment of a mohareb . "
Under Iran 's Islamic law the sentence for mohareb is execution .
The influential parliamentary speaker Ali Larijani joined in the call for punitive action , exhorting : " Identify them , arrest them and firmly punish those who insulted religion . "
Tens of thousands of supporters loyal to President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad rallied in the centre of Tehran yesterday , vowing to " sacrifice their lives " and " fight the enemies " .
In such an incendiary atmosphere , opposition figures say that the official threats from the government are tantamount to a call to violence .
Mohammadreza Naqdi , the head of the Basiji militia who led the bloody post- election crackdown , has already been openly vowing retribution against " traitors " .
There were reports of fresh clashes between demonstrators and security forces at a Tehran university and in the central city of Shiraz , although these could not be independently confirmed .
Meanwhile , the government continued its raids on the opposition .
Security forces have already been accused of targeting family members .
The nephew of the opposition leader Mirhossein Mousavi , who lost the disputed poll to Mr Ahmadinejad , was among eight killed on Sunday , the bloodiest of the past 10 days of protest .
Yesterday Mr Mousavi's brother - in - law , Shapour Kazemi , was detained , and Shirin Ebadi , the human rights lawyer who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2003 , said that her sister had been arrested in an attempt to silence her .
" This arrest is illegal because my sister is a dentist , she is not in any way active in human rights or politics ... and she did n't participate in any protests , " Ms Ebadi told French radio .
" She is detained for the sake of me . "
It remains unclear how many people are now in custody .
The opposition website Jaras estimated that more than 900 people had been arrested in marches that began following the death of the senior dissident cleric , Grand Ayatollah Hossein Ali Montazeri on 19 December .
The government puts the number between 300 and 400 .
With the protests showing no sign of subsiding , the government fell back on its popular line of defence , blaming " Western hands " .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
" Trying to overthrow the system will reach nowhere ... designers of the unrest will soon pay the cost of their insolence , " the Revolutionary Guards said in a statement .
" The opposition ... is backed by foreign enemies . "
The British ambassador to Tehran was summoned to the foreign ministry to answer charges of interfering .
Iranian anger had been fuelled by Foreign Secretary David Miliband 's public condemnation of the crackdown , although Washington , Berlin and Paris have been similarly critical .
Iran 's Foreign Minister , Manouchehr Mottaki , warned : " Britain will receive a punch on the mouth if it does not stop its nonsense . "
The tension between Iran and Western powers is only likely to increase as the end - of - year deadline looms for Tehran to accept a deal to send low - enriched uranium abroad to be converted , and thus prove it is not interested in developing a nuclear weapon .
Washington has said it is already considering next steps if the deal fails .
Last night , there were unconfirmed reports that Iran was trying to import 1,350 tonnes of purified uranium ore from Kazakhstan in violation of UN sanctions already in place .
A summary of an intelligence report , obtained by the Associated Press , said that Tehran was willing to pay $ 450 m for the shipment .
Rising tension : 11 days of protest
* 19 December Senior dissident cleric Grand Ayatollah Hossein Ali Montazeri , an architect of the 1979 Islamic revolution , dies late at night , aged 87
* 21 December Tens of thousands attend his funeral in the holy city of Qom ; reports of clashes between opposition supporters and security forces
* 23 December More clashes reported in central cities of Isfahan and Najafabad
* 26 December Baton - wielding riot police clash with protesters in Tehran
* 27 December At least eight dead following anti-government protests , held on seventh day of mourning for Montazeri which coincides with the Shia religious holiday of Ashura .
Mousavi 's nephew among the dead and opposition says more than 900 people arrested in Tehran and Isfahan
* 28 December US President Barack Obama condemns the Iran 's " iron fist of brutality " as reports surface of 20 opposition figures being detained .
* 29 December Tens of thousands of government supporters rally to demand opposition be punished .
President Ahmadinejad condemns opposition demonstrations as a foreign - backed " nauseating masquerade " .
Tehran summons British ambassador and chastises London .
Bill Sharman is no basketball radical .
He was not trying to revolutionize the N.B.A. when he became the Los Angeles Lakers ’ coach in 1971 .
He simply wanted his players to be confident , relaxed and mentally sharp on game nights .
So Sharman instituted a brief morning practice and gave it a lively name : the shoot - around .
Within a few years , every team in the league was holding them .
Doc Rivers is no basketball revolutionary .
He simply wants his Boston Celtics to be confident , relaxed and mentally sharp on game nights .
So a couple of months ago , Rivers eliminated morning shoot - arounds .
The Celtics , who lead the Eastern Conference with a 20 - 5 record , hardly seem to miss them .
“ All of them , to a man , said : ‘ Wow , it took some getting used to , but I ’m fresher .
I love it , ’ ” said Rivers , the Celtics ’ coach .
“ So there it is . ”
For 38 years , the morning shoot - around has been an unquestioned staple of the N.B.A. game - day routine .
It may soon be extinct , another dusty exhibit in basketball history , next to the peach basket , the two - handed set shot and John Stockton ’s short shorts .
The US Congress on Saturday sent US President Barack Obama a massive annual military spending bill that funds current operations in Afghanistan and pays for the troop withdrawal from Iraq .
In a rare weekend vote , the Senate approved the 636.3 - billion - dollar package , which cleared the House of Representatives 395 - 34 on Wednesday , by an 88 - 10 margin .
Obama is expected to send Congress an emergency spending measure of at least 30 billion dollars early next year to pay for his recently announced decision to send 30,000 more US troops to Afghanistan .
ADVERTISEMENT
The bill includes 101.1 billion dollars for operations and maintenance and military personnel requirements in Iraq and Afghanistan and to carry out the planned withdrawal of all US combat forces from Iraq by August 2010 .
The package also funds the purchase of 6,600 new Mine Resistant Ambush Protected ( MRAP ) armored vehicles configured to better resist improvised explosive devices — roadside bombs used to deadly effect by insurgents in Iraq and Afghanistan .
The bill includes 80 million dollars to acquire more unmanned “ Predator ” drones , a key tool in the US air war in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
That campaign deploys unmanned Predator and larger Reaper drones equipped with infrared cameras and armed with precision - guided bombs and Hellfire missiles .
With little public debate in the United States , the pace of the drone bombing raids has steadily increased , starting last year during ex-president George W. Bush ’s final months in office and now under Obama ’s tenure .
ADVERTISEMENT
The spending bill upholds Obama ’s ban on torture of detainees in US custody , continues a general provision forbidding the establishment of permanent bases in Iraq or Afghanistan , and provides no funds to close the prison for suspected terrorists at Guantanamo Bay .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid on Saturday praised the bill ’s passage .
“ In addition to giving our troops a pay raise and funding more than 100 million dollars for operation of the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , this bill extends unemployment and makes health insurance more affordable for unemployed Americans , ” Reid said .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We ’re keeping our country safe with critical investments in our defense and giving an important boost to our economy . ”
Reid took a swipe at rival Republicans , accusing them of “ political maneuvering ” to slow down passage of the bill in order to delay debating health care reform , the next measure the Senate will be handling .
“ Gay marriage ballot measures are not the best measure , ” said Patrick J. Egan , a political scientist at New York University who studies issues surrounding gay politicians .
“ They happen to be about the one issue the public is most uncomfortable with .
In a sense , they do n’t give us a real good picture of the opinion trend over the last 30 years . ”
For instance , the National Opinion Research Center at the University of Chicago has been polling people since 1973 about whether homosexual behavior is morally wrong .
In 1973 , 73 percent of the people polled described it as always wrong and only 11 percent as “ not wrong . ”
By 2006 , those saying homosexuality was “ always wrong ” had dropped to 56 percent , and 32 percent said it was not wrong .
Image Charles Pugh said his sexuality did not play a role in his race for Detroit ’s City Council .
Credit ... Fabrizio Costantini for The New York Times
One reason for the shift in attitudes , some political scientists contend , is a rising number of gays acknowledging their sexual preference openly in various walks of life , from workers on factory floors to Hollywood stars .
“ More and more people have been coming out , ” said Sean Theriault , a political scientist at the University of Texas who tracks gay politics .
“ Ten years ago , you could talk to a lot of people who did n’t know a single gay person , and now , especially in the cities , you would be hard pressed to find someone who does n’t know anyone who is gay . ”
Yet , most of the openly gay politicians who have won races recently have done so by avoiding being labeled as single - issue candidates , several gay politicians said .
In Houston , Ms. Parker never hid her sexual orientation but did not champion gay issues either , focusing instead on municipal concerns like crime , the city budget and drainage .
It was a formula that led her to win citywide elections first as an at - large City Council member , then as the controller and , now , as the mayor .
Jerusalem ( CNN ) --
An Israeli high court ruled Wednesday that a female college student deported to Gaza by the Israeli military will not be allowed to return to the West Bank to finish her studies .
Berlanty Azzam , 22 , was a senior studying business at Bethlehem University with two months left to graduate when she was stopped at an Israeli army checkpoint in late October .
Azzam said the Israeli military blindfolded and handcuffed her before deporting her to Gaza .
At the time , the Israeli military released a statement saying Azzam was residing illegally in the West Bank and had overstayed a permit " allowing her to stay in Jerusalem for a few days in August 2005 . "
Azzam , who grew up in Gaza , left her home four years ago after receiving a travel permit from the Israeli government to visit Jerusalem .
After her deportation , Azzam said she was " scared of something like this happening " and had not returned home to Gaza for that reason .
She acknowledged that the Israeli government had issued a temporary permit , but said she went to the West Bank because it was the only way for her to attend school .
Azzam 's case was taken up by Gisha , an Israeli organization that advocates for Palestinian freedom of movement , which petitioned the Israeli court to reverse the military 's deportation of Azzam .
In its ruling , the court noted that while Azzam was not considered a security risk , it accepted the military 's argument that Azzam had entered the West Bank illegally .
Yadin Elam , a Gisha attorney , questioned the factual basis for the court 's decision Wednesday and noted the lack of consistency in the decision .
" It is unfortunate that the court , which in its interim decision asked state officials to permit Berlanty to return to Bethlehem to complete her degree , refrained from ordering them to do so when they refused , " Elam said .
" I cannot imagine why the state of Israel is so insistent on preventing Palestinian young people , against whom it makes no security claims whatsoever , from accessing higher education . "
In a statement released by Gisha , Azzam said she was disappointed by the decision and did not " understand why Israel is preventing me from continuing my studies . "
The Israeli government has imposed extremely tight restrictions on Palestinians leaving Gaza in an effort to isolate the Islamic fundamentalist group Hamas , which controls Gaza .
The restrictions have extended to Gaza residents who have been accepted to universities in Europe and the United States in addition to the West Bank .
The issue received notoriety last year when the U.S. State Department exerted pressure on Israel to allow some Fulbright scholarship winners to leave Gaza to attend schools in the United States .
( and Some Hints for Resource Agent Authors and Systems Engineers )
Contents
Introduction
If you ’ve done anything interesting with highly available systems ( including but not limited to systems built on Heartbeat and / or Pacemaker ) , you will have encountered the need to fence misbehaving or otherwise broken nodes .
One approach is to kill the ( allegedly misbehaving ) node , i.e. Shoot The Other Node In The Head , or STONITH for short .
In a two - node HA cluster , you end up with hardware that looks something like this :
Unfortunately , it ’s possible to wind up in a situation where each node believes the other to be broken ; the first node shoots the second , then when the second reboots , it shoots the first , and so on , ad infinitum , until you realise that perhaps a single non-HA node would have been both cheaper and more reliable .
This can aptly be referred to as a state of STONITH deathmatch .
The remainder of this document focuses specifically on Heartbeat / Pacemaker HA clusters ; while similar principles may apply to other software stacks , the specifics will likely vary .
Note :
Familiarity with terminology such as constraint scores , start / stop / monitor operations , intervals and timeouts is assumed .
This document is just as applicable if you ’re using OpenAIS instead of Heartbeat .
Causes of STONITH in Heartbeat / Pacemaker Clusters
In the case of Heartbeat / Pacemaker HA clusters , there are basically three reasons for one node to STONITH the other :
Nodes are alive but unable to communicate with each other ( i.e. split - brain ) .
A node is physically dead ( kernel panic , HB / Pacemaker not running , no power , motherboard on fire and smoke seeping out of case , etc. )
An HA resource failed to stop .
The first cause can – and should – be mitigated by ensuring redundant communication paths exist between all nodes in the cluster , and that your network switch ( es ) handle multicast properly .
The second cause is fairly obvious , and unlikely to be the cause of STONITH deathmatch ; nothing here will make the soon - to - be - dead node think its partner is also in need of killing .
The third is perhaps not so straightforward .
The specifics of the following may vary depending on your configuration , but roughly , here ’s how the game is played :
An HA resource ( web server , database , filesystem , whatever it is you ’re trying to make highly available ) is started on one node .
If the start succeeds , the resource will be monitored indefinitely .
If the start fails , the resource will be stopped , then re-started on either the current node , or another node .
While the resource is being monitored , if the monitor ever fails , the resource will be stopped , then re-started on either the current node , or another node .
If a resource needs to be stopped , and the stop succeeds , the resource is re-started on either the current node , or another node .
If a stop fails , the node will be fenced / STONITHd because this is the only safe thing to do .
If you ca n’t shut down the web server , close the database , unmount the filesystem or otherwise safely know you ’ve terminated the HA resource , the least - worst course of action is to kill the entire node – hard , and right now – because the alternative is potential data corruption and / or data loss .
Given this chain of events , it is critically important that creators of resource agents ( i.e. the scripts that start , stop and monitor HA resources ) ensure that stop operations always succeed , unless the resource cannot actually be stopped .
Here ’s a contrived example of how not to do this , for an HA filesystem resource :
# # This is a contrived example .
Do not do this in real life .
# start ( ) { if mount $ DEVICE $ MOUNTPOINT then return $ OCF_SUCCESS else return $ OCF_ERR_GENERIC fi } stop ( ) { if umount $ MOUNTPOINT then return $ OCF_SUCCESS else #
This is broken !
return $ OCF_ERR_GENERIC
fi }
Why Is The Contrived Example Broken ?
The contrived example is broken because :
If the start succeeds , and the filesystem is mounted , the only reason for a stop to fail is if the filesystem cannot be unmounted .
That ’s sane cause for STONITH .
No problem here .
succeeds , and the filesystem is mounted , the only reason for a to fail is if the filesystem cannot be unmounted .
That ’s sane cause for STONITH .
No problem here .
If the start fails , the resource will be stop ped ( refer point 3 above ) .
But in this case , if the start failed , it ’s because the filesystem could not be mounted .
If the filesystem is not mounted , the stop will also fail as implemented above , because umount ca n’t unmount something that ’s not mounted .
The stop failure will result in an unexpected and completely unnecessary STONITH .
fails , the resource will be ped ( refer point 3 above ) .
But in this case , if the failed , it ’s because the filesystem could not be mounted .
If the filesystem is not mounted , the will also fail as implemented above , because ca n’t unmount something that ’s not mounted .
The failure will result in an unexpected and completely unnecessary STONITH .
Worse , if the filesystem cannot ever be mounted because it is , for example , corrupt in some fashion , the start will be attempted on one node ; this will fail , and a stop will be attempted .
This will also fail , and the node will be shot .
The start ( failure ) / stop ( failure ) / fatal - gunshot - wound - to - the - head cycle will be repeated on the next node , and so on forever .
Deathmath .
Tricky to debug if neither node will stay up long enough for you to read the log files !
How Can We Fix The Contrived Example ?
Simple :
Do n’t try to unmount the filesystem if it ’s not already mounted .
Optimally , fish around in / proc / mounts if it ’s available .
If not , try checking the output of mount $ MOUNTPOINT .
More generically , the goal here is to find the cheapest , most efficient means of checking whether an HA resource is already stopped , then return success if it is already stopped .
Only if it ’s not already stopped should your resource agent attempt to actually stop it , and thus possibly result in a failure and subsequent STONITH .
It is also important to avoid metafailures ; for example a simple syntax error in the stop script can ultimately result in what appears to be a failure , causing a STONITH for entirely the wrong reason .
So What Else Can Go Wrong ?
Several things , but really it boils down to these two :
Timeouts , and , Things you did n’t think of .
Timeouts
In Heartbeat / Pacemaker clusters , all operations ( start / monitor / stop ) have a timeout .
If this timeout elapses prior to the completion of the operation , the operation is considered failed .
So , let ’s try another contrived example : Assume you have a highly available filesystem resource , and your stop timeout is set to 30 seconds .
Now imagine you ’re about to stop the filesystem , but you ’ve got a whole lot of dirty data that ’s going to be flushed as part of the unmount .
In this example , the unmount is going to take longer than 30 seconds .
1 , 2 , 3 , … 29 , 30 , * BANG *
You ’re dead .
For no good reason .
And half your dirty data was n’t flushed to disk .
Whoever owns that data is not going to be happy , and what ’s worse , the stop probably would have succeeded if we had n’t hit that timeout .
One solution is to ensure that your stop timeouts always exceed the duration of the longest possible successful stop .
One issue with this solution is that it will increase your “ best worst case failover time ” .
Depending on your application this may or may not be a problem ; either way , you need to do the numbers – see below for details .
Things You Didn’t Think Of
It ’s difficult to ensure this section is exhaustive ; I certainly can’t write about the things I did n’t think of .
That aside , here ’s yet another contrived example that illustrates a potentially non-obvious problem :
# # This is yet another contrived example .
Do not do this in real life .
# stop ( ) { #
This is broken for several reasons , but they might not be obvious if df | grep -q $ MOUNTPOINT then if umount $ MOUNTPOINT then return $ OCF_SUCCESS else return $ OCF_ERR_GENERIC fi else # filesystem is not in df output , thus was not mounted , # thus stop is successful return $ OCF_SUCCESS fi }
The intent here is good : check if the filesystem is mounted ; if it ’s not already mounted , return success .
If it is mounted , unmount it and return success if the unmount succeeds .
Most of the time it will actually work .
The problem ( aside from that grep being way too loose – it ’ll partial match on similar mountpoints ) is that df examines all mounted devices .
It can block for a while if some mounted filesystem is under heavy load .
It can block forever if some mounted filesystem has disappeared completely ( e.g. a remote NFS mount ) .
And then you ’re back in timeout land , and then you ’re dead .
Even if you only run df on the mountpoint you care about , it ’s still going to hit the disks ; if the filesystem you ’re looking at is under load , that df might take a while , which is why you ’re better off looking in / proc / mounts …
But that ’s not the point .
The point is : you are trying to figure out if you can return success for a stop operation without relying on any other system state outside the resource you are trying to stop .
If you can return success , great !
If you can ’t , you then need to stop that resource without relying on any components of the system other than those absolutely necessary to effect the stop .
WTF is a Best Worst Case Failover Time ?
The “ best worst case failover time ” is the least amount of time it will take , under the most adverse conditions , for a highly available resource to fail on one node , restart on another node , and become accessible to client systems again .
Put another way , it ’s the maximum potential downtime you need to mention in the fine print of any sales contract .
Bearing in mind the flexibility available with resource constraint scores , we need a fourth contrived example .
Imagine a two - node HA cluster , running a single HA resource , configured such that a failure of that resource on one node will trigger a migration to the other node , and vice versa , until eventually the resource becomes unrunnable .
Assume that we have timeouts and intervals set as follows :
start timeout 20 seconds monitor interval 20 seconds monitor timeout 30 seconds stop timeout 60 seconds
Here ’s the sequence of events involved in a worst case failover :
Resource starts successfully .
Resource is monitored for a while , but dies somehow immediately after one of the successful monitor ops .
20 seconds later , the next monitor op runs , and times out ( implicit failure after 30 seconds ) .
Due to the implicit monitor failure , a stop op is initiated .
The stop also times out for some reason ( implicit failure after 60 seconds ) .
The node is STONITHd , due to stop failure .
The resource is started on the other node , in no more than 20 seconds ( any longer would indicate complete failure due to timeout ; the resource ca n’t run anywhere ) .
Add all the numbers together , and the best worst case failover time is :
20 ( monitor interval ) + 30 ( monitor timeout ) + 60 ( stop timeout ) + 20 ( start timeout ) = 130 seconds
An average failover might be 10 seconds of monitor interval , plus successful monitor failure , stop success and start success of a second each , giving a failover time of 13 seconds to brag about .
And that ’s really good .
But bragging rights do n’t help if the system breaks in a way you did n’t think of , and your client is not aware that the best worst case failover time is an order of magnitude larger than what you quoted as a happy general case .
Look at the resource constraints , scores , intervals and timeouts .
Do the numbers .
Become afraid .
It ’s worth it .
Avoiding STONITH
Deathmatch
Double - and triple - check that you really do have redundant communication paths between all nodes , so as to avoid split - brain scenarios .
Ensure network switches handle multicast correctly .
There has been at least one case where a switch taking too long to reform the multicast group resulted in deathmatch .
Increasing the value of Heartbeat ’s initdead option and / or Pacemaker ’s dc - deadtime option can solve this , if you ca n’t convince your switch to behave itself .
option and / or Pacemaker ’s option can solve this , if you ca n’t convince your switch to behave itself .
Do n’t start the cluster at boot time ( chkconfig heartbeat off ) .
If one node is shot , it wo n’t automatically try to regain membership on next boot , thus giving you a chance to investigate further .
heartbeat off ) .
If one node is shot , it wo n’t automatically try to regain membership on next boot , thus giving you a chance to investigate further .
Set stonith - action to poweroff instead of reboot .
As with not starting the cluster at boot time , this ensures that the first node shot will not immediately come back up guns blazing .
Debugging STONITH
Deathmatch
Tricky , but not impossible .
Life will be easier if you can :
Get a console on all the nodes ( IMPI / SOL , physical presence in front of the system , etc . )
chkconfig heartbeat off , then start it manually as necessary .
heartbeat off , then start it manually as necessary .
Instrument as much of the resource agent scripts as you can , to log state to disk somewhere .
Preferably to a disk that wo n’t vanish if a node is unexpectedly STONITHd .
“ unmanage ” troublesome HA resources ( use crm_resource to turn is_managed off , then run start and stop ops manually , and see what breaks .
to turn off , then run and ops manually , and see what breaks .
For intermittent faults , open a screen session on some other stable system , point it at the HA rig then tail the console output and any relevant log files , preferably saving everything to disk on the stable system .
session on some other stable system , point it at the HA rig then the console output and any relevant log files , preferably saving everything to disk on the stable system .
Take a break every now and then to re-focus your eyes .
Revision History 2009 - 08 - 13 Mention potential network switch multicast problems .
2009-08-10
Add split - brain as cause of STONITH , mention OpenAIS , add “ Avoiding STONITH Deathmatch ” section , fix a few typos .
2009 -05 - 14 Initially published at http://ourobengr.com/ha
( Like the picture ?
It comes on a t - shirt ! )
Me : “ Hello , ladies .
What can I start you off to drink ? ”
Customer : “ I ’ll have a draft beer . ”
Me : “ Certainly .
Would you like the 12 ounce or the 18 ounce ? ”
Customer : “ Oh , bring me the tall . ”
( I return with her large beer in a scooner that looks like a mini fishbowl . )
Customer : “ Good Lord , this is your 12 ounce ? ”
Me : “ No , ma’am .
That ’s the 18 ounce .
I ’m sorry , I must have misheard you .
I thought you said the tall beer .
Let me go fix that . ”
Customer : “ I did say tall .
Tall is small , you know . ”
Me : “ I ’m sorry , ma’am .
We ’re not [ Coffee Chain ] .
In beer language , tall means large .
Customer : “ Well , you ’re just behind on the times .
Everybody knows tall is small ! ”
The most powerful czar in Washington will receive some long - overdue scrutiny today when the Supreme Court hears a challenge to the constitutionality of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ( PCAOB ) .
This board , created by the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , regulates the auditors of publicly - traded firms .
The members are hired by the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) and , say the plaintiffs in Free Enterprise Fund v. PCAOB , do not answer to the president .
This violates the Constitution 's " appointments clause , " according to which senior executive - branch officials should be appointed by the president and confirmed by the Senate .
Yet Sarbanes - Oxley , or Sarbox , itself should be subject to scrutiny .
New research suggests that the costs of this legislation far outweigh its benefits to the investing public .
If you 're wondering whether the members of PCAOB qualify as senior officials , consider that they have regulatory power over every public company in America .
Board members fund their activities by collecting taxes , i.e. , fees , from public companies based on the size of their assets .
But those fees are just the tip of the iceberg of costs imposed by PCAOB .
The board is charged with making sure that Sarbox 's Section 404 rules on " internal controls " over bookkeeping are implemented .
These rules are so onerous that companies have had to undertake exhaustive investigations of such minor issues as how many people should be required to authorize small customer refunds at a retail location .
It appears the only thing worse in this world than a measly $ 500,000 salary is getting no salary at all .
And that 's exactly what is about to happen to AIG General Counsel , Anastasia Kelly , who before joining the bankrupt firm , was a GC at such reputable organizations as MCI / WorldCon ( sic ) and Fannie Mae .
To paraphrase the objections against a very prominent Treasury Secretary recently , the question is not whether or not she will leave the job , the question is how she got it in the first place .
Kelly , who recently was protesting the $ 500 k salary cap imposed by Pay Despot Ken Feinberg , yet was in Benmosche 's black book , will likely be out of the organization , presumably involuntarily , by year end .
We are confident that with the economy rocking she will be able to find a job that pays her much more in line with her true skills ... which based on her track record hopefully involves more than leading three sequential companies straight into bankruptcy .
More from Bloomberg :
Kelly , 60 , said in a Dec. 1 letter she was prepared to leave AIG by yearend because of impending compensation restrictions , and the insurer has n’t sought to keep her , said the people , who declined to be identified because an announcement has n’t been made .
Michael Leahy , a lawyer who works at AIG ’s New York headquarters , is among candidates being considered to succeed Kelly , said one of the people .
Kelly joined AIG in 2006 to help the insurer recover from regulatory probes that led to the retirement of former Chief Executive Officer Maurice “ Hank ” Greenberg .
Kelly , former general counsel at MCI / WorldCom and Fannie Mae , did n’t endear herself to AIG ’s current CEO , Robert Benmosche , who took over in August , the people said .
The five executives who said they may resign are Kelly ; Rodney Martin , who heads a non-U.S. life unit ; William Dooley , a senior vice president in charge of the financial - products division ; Nicholas Walsh , head of the non-U.S. property casualty operations , and John Doyle , who is in charge of the U.S. property casualty unit , the people said .
This is the most surprising part : how is this woman in the firm to begin with :
Kelly was among managers in a September 2008 e-mail listing people who should be dismissed over AIG ’s near - collapse , according to Fortune magazine .
The so - called “ kill list ” was written by then - controller David Herzog , now chief financial officer .
He urged former CEO Robert Willumstad to “ clean the slate ” for his government - appointed successor , Edward Liddy , the magazine reported .
When you have little to lose you may as well make a stand against getting paid like a simple peasant .
Even if at the end of the day your bluff gets called .
Like in this case .
And in case you feel bad for Kelly 's severance package - do n't :
The executives ’ severance awards may equal as much as two years of salary and bonuses , AIG said in a June regulatory filing .
Leahy and Mark Herr , a spokesman for AIG , declined to comment .
Kelly did n’t immediately return a phone call and e-mail seeking comment .
Nothing changes - the taxpayer - funded existence of those that who destroyed this country continues .
In an interview with Heise .de , IBM's VP of Deep Computing , David Turek , confirmed that the Cell processor has reached the end of the line .
Turek then put a more positive spin on the news by stating the obvious truth that heterogeneous multiprocessors , of which Cell was the first mass - market example of , are here to stay , so insofar as IBM continues to produce such chips , Cell 's basic concepts and ideas will live on in the company 's product line .
By many metrics , Cell has been a success for IBM , even if it did n't live up to much of the hype that preceded its launch .
In conjunction with x86 chips supplied by AMD processor , Cell has helped IBM 's RoadRunner take and , until recently , keep the top slot in the Top 500 Supercomputer List .
And , as this older HPCWire article on rumors of Cell 's demise points out , Cell - based systems have been among the most power - efficient in the industry .
IBM was able to build the specialized coprocessor in high enough volumes to keep its price down because the company was successful in selling it to Sony as a game console chip ; the degree to which Cell , which gives the PS3 higher peak theoretical performance than the Xbox 360 , has worked out for Sony is debatable .
But IBM 's decision to call it quits on the line confirms suspicions that Cell 's overall commercial success has been limited , and there will be a number of cheaper , higher - performance , more widely supported alternatives to the processor starting in 2010 .
IBM is certainly correct that at least part of the future belongs to heterogeneous , single - chip multiprocessors ( CMPs ) — these are chips that contain at least two different types of cores , typically a mix of general - purpose cores and more specialized cores .
In this respect , the heterogeneous CMP party really kicks off in 2010 , when both Intel and AMD will launch processors that feature a CPU and GPU on the same die .
These CPU / GPU combos will eventually give way , at least on the Intel side , to processors that look substantially like Cell .
At some point , Intel will integrate Larrabee , which is a GPU made up of multiple small x86 cores , onto the same die as a regular x86 core .
The result will be at least one large , general - purpose processor core and some number of small general - purpose cores that consist heavily of SIMD floating - point hardware .
The differences between Intel 's future CPU / Larrabee hybrid and IBM's Cell may seem small , but they 're critical .
Cell 's smaller floating - point cores are not general - purpose — they 're specialized and they implement their own instruction set .
These small cores also do n't have cache coherency and a real virtual memory implementation .
Rather , they have " local store " pools of programmer - managed memory that make them a huge pain to program for .
So in terms of programmability , the difference between Cell and a CPU / Larrabee hybrid is night and day .
OK , it 's not exactly night - and - day ; it 's more like " night and early evening , " because there are still significant hurdles to actually designing software that takes full advantage of higher levels of parallelism .
So while it may be easier to write code for a heterogeneous x86 CMP , the higher - level challenge of breaking an application up into parallelizable tasks still remains .
As for comparisons between Cell and what AMD is doing , this is more difficult , because AMD is n't dropping many hints about what it has in store for the final stages of its CPU / GPU " Fusion " plan .
I 've suggested that they wo n't go the CPU / Larrabee route described above , but that remains to be seen .
Speaking of Larrabee , the oft - floated rumor that Intel 's upcoming GPU will form the brains of Sony 's PlayStation 4 hinges in part on the idea that Sony and IBM will abandon the Cell , and not double down on it .
Now that we know IBM is ditching Cell , does this mean Larrabee is a shoo - in ?
Not quite .
This removes one of the objections to Sony using Larrabee , but an even bigger objection remains : even in 2011 , which is the earliest that we could expect a PS4 , Larrabee still may not be as good at graphics as discrete GPUs from NVIDIA and AMD / ATI .
There 's also an outside possibility that Sony could just use one or two of the last version of Cell in its console , and let Toshiba do the fabrication .
F1 : Button loses out to Hamilton in Top Gear ’s reasonably - priced car
Jenson Button ’s second opportunity to put one over new team - mate Lewis Hamilton has come to naught after he was two - tenths of a second slower in Top Gear ’s Reasonably - Priced Car challenge .
Just a week after the F1 world champion failed to out - do Hamilton and win the BBC ’s Sports Personality of the Year award , he was the star of the week in the Top Gear studio – waiting to learn how fast he had managed to lap Dunsfold Aerodrome in a Suzuki Liana .
The car , which has been superseded for most guests in favour of the very slightly sportier Chevrolet Lacetti , is nevertheless preserved for F1 drivers so as to give a benchmark when comparing their performance .
Button already had one lap in the bag from a previous appearance in 2006 , a dry - weather 1:44.7 that was matched by Hamilton in the wet on his September 2008 appearance .
The new F1 champion , who said he had improved as a driver since his first appearance , posted his new lap on the same sort of wet and slippery conditions that Hamilton faced – and came in at a tantalisingly close 1:44.9 .
When accused of being a fusspot in setting up the Liana he deadpanned : “ You have to listen to me , I ’m a guest … I had to change my driving style here .
I think it was the snow , possibly .
I have learned so much coming here .
I am really going to take it into the 2010 season . ”
He claimed that the challenge was surprisingly nervewracking , much more so than Formula One , and that he had been able to use the slippery track to drift the car through the corners .
Track veteran Jeremy Clarkson , however , told him that his lost fraction of a second was down to “ showboating through the last few corners . ”
In the pre-lap interview he had faced a grilling from Clarkson over his Sports Personality loss , largely composed of showing clips of the strained smile on his face while Ryan Giggs was giving his acceptance speech .
More seriously , talking about the events at Honda a year ago when the company announced it was withdrawing from F1 , he recalled : “ It was difficult – I got a message from my manager saying it ’s over .
“ That was a really difficult thing to take in – we were going to have a competitive car capable of winning races .
It would have been a tragedy .
All I could do was to stay focused and help the team as much as I could . ”
On his first test in the Brawn car , he said : “ I knew that we had a good car but until you actually drive it you do n’t know 100 per cent .
We bolted in a Mercedes Benz engine , went out and tested at Barcelona .
After five laps I really felt comfortable with the car .
“ My engineer said : ‘ Jenson , you are 7/10 quicker than anyone else and they have been testing for three months ’ . ”
When asked about his championship year , he provoked wry laughter from Clarkson by saying : “ Leading the championship from start to finish sounds easy – but it is n’t .
It is really hard . ”
He also gave an insight into some of the on - track tactics he used to keep lesser drivers trapped behind him in his title - winning race at Brazil , saying that he had deliberately oversteered to spook rivals into giving him space .
And on new team - mate Lewis Hamilton : “ Beating him is the aim , otherwise I would n’t be doing it .
This is a massive buzz for me , this is so exciting . ”
He revealed that his road car is still a Bugatti Veyron that he claims has never done that much over the speed limit .
Yes indeed .
Or , as he told Clarkson after admitting he had secretly driven a lap of the Dunsfold Aerodrome track in it : “ I ca n’t actually say what I want to say , because I want to sell it . ”
And with that “ our World Champion ” left the studio – to rapturous applause .
But that was not the only taste of Formula
One the audience got this evening .
Earlier , with the episode film featuring the team embarking on a project to make various kinds of automotive art , Clarkson teamed up with none other than Red Bull ’s David Coulthard to shoot paintballs out of the back of a RB1 Formula One car .
“ I ’ve done some weird things in my life , ” said the bemused driver , “ and this is right up there . ”
Unfortunately the force of the paintballs knocked Clarkson screaming to the ground after he discovered that ear protection does not extend to more intimate areas .
Coulthard pointed out that he had no intention of administering mouth to mouth before taking the RB1 for an artistic spin around the track .
“ You ’ve sprayed my helmet , ” said Coulthard on his return .
“ Well , you ’ve shot off one of my testicles , ” rejoined Clarkson , who by this time had donned the kind of abdominal protection more usually worn by cricketers – albeit over his jeans .
1C – Vital for low - lying island states but virtually impossible
The Arctic sea ice is already disappearing and , after a 1C global average temperature rise , it would disappear for good in the summer months .
Heatwaves and forest fires will become more common in the sub - tropics – worst - hit will be the Mediterranean region , southern Africa , Australia and south - west United States .
Most of the world 's corals will die , including the Great Barrier Reef .
Glaciers that provide crops for 50 m people with fresh water begin to melt and 300,000 people are affected every year by climate - related diseases such as malaria and diarrhoea .
2C – The temperature limit the scientists want
The heatwaves seen in Europe during 2003 , which killed tens of thousands of people , will come back every year with a 2C global average temperature rise .
Southern England will regularly see temperatures around 40C in summer .
The Amazon turns into desert and grasslands , while increasing CO2 levels in the atmosphere make the world 's oceans too acidic for remaining coral reefs and thousands of other marine lifeforms .
More than 60 million people , mainly in Africa , would be exposed to higher rates of malaria .
Agricultural yields around the world will drop and half a billion people will be at greater risk of starvation .
The West Antarctic ice sheet collapses , the Greenland ice sheet melts and the world 's sea level begins to rise by seven metres over the next few hundred years .
Glaciers all over the world will recede , reducing the fresh water supply for major cities including Los Angeles .
Coastal flooding affects more than 10 million extra people .
A third of the world 's species will become extinct as the 2C rise changes their habitats too quickly for them to adapt .
3C – Looking increasingly likely
After a 3C global temperature rise , global warming may run out of control and efforts to mitigate it may be in vain .
Millions of square kilometres of Amazon rainforest could burn down , releasing carbon from the wood , leaves and soil and thus making the warming even worse , perhaps by another 1.5C .
In southern Africa , Australia and the western US , deserts take over .
Billions of people are forced to move from their traditional agricultural lands , in search of scarcer food and water .
Around 30 - 50 % less water is available in Africa and around the Mediterranean .
In the UK , summers of droughts are followed by winter floods .
Sea levels rise to engulf small islands and low - lying areas such as Florida , New York and London .
The Gulf Stream , which warms the UK all year round , will decline and changes in weather patterns will lead to higher sea levels at the Atlantic coasts .
4C - Possible with an extremely weak deal
At this stage , the Arctic permafrost enters the danger zone .
The methane and carbon dioxide currently locked in the soils will be released into the atmosphere .
At the Arctic itself , the ice cover would disappear permanently , meaning extinction for polar bears and other native species that rely on the presence of ice .
Further melting of Antarctic ice sheets would mean a further 5 m rise in the sea level , submerging many island nations .
Italy , Spain , Greece and Turkey become deserts and mid-Europe reaches desert temperatures of almost 50C in summer .
Southern England 's summer climate could resemble that of modern southern Morocco .
5C and above – Highly unlikely nightmare scenario
With a 5C rise , global average temperatures would be hotter than for 50 m years .
The Arctic region sees temperatures rise much higher than average – up to 20 C – meaning the entire Arctic is now ice - free all year round .
Most of the tropics , sub - tropics and even lower mid-latitudes are too hot to be inhabitable .
The sea level rise is now sufficiently rapid that coastal cities across the world are largely abandoned .
Above 6C , there would be a danger of " runaway warming " , perhaps spurred by release of oceanic methane hydrates .
Could the surface of the Earth become like Venus , entirely uninhabitable ?
Human population would be drastically reduced .
Sources : Mark Lynas , Stern report , Met Office
Whatever reality - bending substances are being imbibed , chewed or smoked at UPS , sign me up : they tagged Adam Jackson ’s iMac Core i7 as a fruit .
And now his work tool is awaiting inspection by the FDA , after UPS did the smart thing by “ submitting proper documentation ” for what it believed was a 40 - pound shipment of possibly forbidden fruit from China .
Sounds like a funny fluke , but there ’s more than one burnt bulb at UPS processing centers — MG Siegler at Techcrunch had the same problem just last week .
Note to UPS : the words “ apple ” “ mac ” and “ core ” do NOT necessarily mean foodstuffs .
Or are they just PC people messing with us ?
UPDATE : After viewing your comments about other incidents , we asked for a comment .
Here ’s what UPS had to say about it .
Watch out , evildoers .
That lumbering tree - trunk of a man with the scary , hatchet - shaped hairline :
He ’s got a badge !
He ’s got a gun !
He ’s got a soft little voice !
It ’s Steven Seagal Lawman !
If you missed last night ’s premiere of this reality show , you missed one of the best cop comedies since the first Police Academy — except I do n’t think this one was intended to be a laugh - getter .
For over 20 years , it turns out , the martial - arts action - hero has been a deputy for the Jefferson Parrish Sheriff ’s Office in Louisiana .
Only now has he agreed to let cameras follow him on his appointed rounds .
Lucky us .
Seagal has never been known for either his sense of humor or an awareness that his deeply - spiritual - knock - out - artist image is pretty silly .
When he appeared on The View earlier this week to promote Lawman , he sat between the gals , a serene Buddha stuffed into a leather jacket , answering questions from Whoopi , Joy , and the rest with a furrowed brow and deadly seriousness , as though he was being quizzed on the mysteries of human existence .
Similarly , on Lawman last night , Seagal seemed utterly clueless about how he came off .
Sitting in the passenger seat of a squad car roaring off to a crime scene , he starts giving his cop- partner directions … that the partner calmly ignored .
It seemed clear that this good officer had probably been led down a few one - way streets the wrong way by following the star ’s peremptory orders in the past .
I loved the way Seagal arrived at a crime scene at which the perp was already on the ground .
Heaving his bulk out of the squad car , he ran over and yelled , “ I ’ll get him !
Taser !
Taser ! ”
You could hear faint cop voices in the background saying , “ No ! No ! ”
The poor suspect was — did I say this already ? — on the ground , in the process of being cuffed .
Man , I have n’t laughed this much since the pilot of Modern Family .
When it comes to Steven Seagal Lawman , I ’m arrested .
Did you watch , by any chance ?
Mark Devlin once spent six months sleeping rough after a family break - up .
A former homeless man has returned to the streets of Manchester to highlight the challenges faced by those who are forced to sleep rough .
Mark Devlin , 24 , was homeless for six months after a family break - up before he was offered a work placement with the homeless charity , The Mustard Tree .
For his week on the streets , Mark handed over his house keys and threw himself at the mercy of the city 's homeless services including late night soup kitchens and drop - in centres .
To reveal what it 's like being homeless in the cold and wet Manchester weather , Mark kept an audio diary for BBC Radio Manchester .
Day 1 Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Mark heads to Piccadilly Gardens but his initial enthusiasm for the project soon wanes as cold and hunger take their toll .
A passer - by 's charitable offer of somewhere to stay is not what it appears to be , as Mark gets ready to spend the night in a doorway .
.. Day 2 Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
After a first night interrupted by clubbers and street cleaners , Mark and other homeless men are moved on by the police out of the city centre into the ' rat - infested , urine - soaked back alleys . '
" I 'm really angry at the way these guys are being treated , " he said .
" Homelessness is not decreasing , it 's being shoved underground . "
Day 3 & 4 Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Another sleepless night in the rain outside a church in St Ann 's Square and Mark heads to the Booth drop - in centre for the homeless near the Cathedral for a warming cup of coffee .
With no night shelter in Manchester , Mark later finds a dry balcony in an empty apartment block to get his head down .
Day 5 Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Mark has his first decent night 's sleep then experiences the good and bad in people in Manchester .
He 's touched by the generosity of some long - term homeless guys sharing beer and cigarettes .
But later , a group of youngsters appear at the Mustard Tree soup kitchen and launch fireworks at the men and women who turn up for a warm drink and something to eat .
Day 6 & 7 Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Mark comes across Brian , a homeless man he knows from The Mustard Tree , who 's in a lot of pain and calls an ambulance .
Brian still suffers the ill effects of an attack when he was set on fire by two men while he was sleeping in a doorway .
As his week on the streets comes to an end , Mark feels guilty that he 's going home to a warm bed .
" I just hope that something can be done to help these guys a little bit more , " he said .
" They need a few night shelters , somewhere to go after the day centres close . "
Mark is using his experience to raise money for the charity .
More information on The Mustard Tree website .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
2007 + : Global cooling Dr. Kenneth Tapping is worried about the sun .
Solar activity comes in regular cycles , but the latest one is refusing to start .
Sunspots have all but vanished , and activity is suspiciously quiet .
The last time this happened was 400 years ago -- and it signaled a solar event known as a " Maunder Minimum , " along with the start of what we now call the " Little Ice Age .
" Tapping , a solar researcher and project director for Canada 's National Research Council , says it may be happening again .
Overseeing a giant radio telescope he calls a " stethoscope for the sun , " Tapping says , if the pattern does n't change quickly , the earth is in for some very chilly weather .
[ ICSC 2/9/08 ]
Over the past year , anecdotal evidence for a cooling planet has exploded .
China has its coldest winter in 100 years .
Baghdad sees its first snow in all recorded history .
North America has the most snowcover in 50 years , with places like Wisconsin the highest since record - keeping began .
Record levels of Antarctic sea ice , record cold in Minnesota , Texas , Florida , Mexico , Australia , Iran , Greece , South Africa , Greenland , Argentina , Chile -- the list goes on and on .
No more than anecdotal evidence , to be sure .
But now , that evidence has been supplanted by hard scientific fact .
All four major global temperature tracking outlets ( Hadley , NASA 's GISS , UAH , RSS ) have released updated data .
All show that over the past year , global temperatures have dropped precipitously .
[ DailyTech 2/27/2008 ]
IPCC computer predictions of warming versus real - world temperature data ( blue and green lines ) : Arctic ice extent was 30 per cent greater on August 11 , 2008 than it was on the August 12 , 2007 : Recent satellite observations from the Arctic indicate that spring ice melting is beginning at a lower rate than normal this year .
According to the National Snow and Ice Data Center , the area of ice - covered ocean has decreased only about 750,000 km2 from its peak value at the end of February , compared to a normal decline of 1.1 million km2 by late April .
If this trend continues , the annual ice melt in 2009 may be less than in recent years , and the late summer Arctic ice extent may rebound from its well - publicized downtrend .
[ stormx 4/22/2009 ] [ A ] 20 - member contingent [ of scientists ] from Canada , the U.S. , Germany , and Italy - spent one month exploring the North Pole as well as never - before measured regions of the Arctic .
Among their findings :
Rather than finding newly formed ice to be two metres thick , " we measured ice thickness up to four metres , " stated a spokesperson for the Alfred Wegener Institute for Polar and Marine Research of the Helmholtz Association , Germany 's largest scientific organization .
[ National Post 5/4/09 ]
In 2008 - 2009 the ice melt across during the Antarctic summer ( October - January ) was the lowest ever recorded in the satellite history :
The Global sea level rise has flattened considerably since mid-2005 : Rise of sea levels is ' the greatest lie ever told ' .
The period between about 1645 and 1715 was particularly cold and coincides with the Maunder Minimum , where only about 50 sunspots appeared , compared to an expectation of from 40,000 to 50,000 .
[ New American ]
[ In 2008 the Sun ] hit a 50 - year low in solar wind pressure , a 55 - year low in radio emissions , and a 100 - year low in sunspot activity .
[ BBC ]
Realtime sun image
Click for full size .
New measurements from a NASA satellite show a dramatic cooling in the upper atmosphere that correlates with the declining phase of the current solar cycle .
For the first time , researchers can show a timely link between the Sun and the climate of Earth 's thermosphere , the region above 100 km , an essential step in making accurate predictions of climate change in the high atmosphere .
[ PRNewswire ]
Bagatelles pour un massacre [ Trifles for a Massacre ] by Louis - Ferdinand Céline Paris : Denoël , 379 pp. ( 1937 ) L'École des cadavres [ The School of Corpses ] by Louis - Ferdinand Céline Paris : Denoël , 272 pp. ( 1938 ) Les Beaux Draps [ A Fine Mess ] by Louis - Ferdinand Céline Paris : Les Nouvelles Éditions Françaises , 158 pp. ( 1941 ) Normance by Louis - Ferdinand Céline , translated from the French and with an introduction by Marlon Jones Dalkey Archive , 371 pp. , $ 14.95 ( paper )
1 .
Louis - Ferdinand Destouches met Cillie Pam in Paris , at the Café de la Paix , in September 1932 .
Destouches was a physician who worked at a public clinic in Clichy treating poor and working - class patients ;
Pam was a twenty - seven - year - old Viennese gymnastics instructor eleven years his junior on a visit to the city .
Destouches suggested a stroll in the Bois de Boulogne , took Pam to dinner later that night , and afterward took her home .
Two weeks together began , after which Pam returned to her work and life in Vienna .
Over the next seven years , they saw each other infrequently but corresponded regularly .
Pam , who was Jewish , married and had a son .
Destouches , who wrote in his free time , became famous shortly after their brief affair , his first novel , Voyage au bout de la nuit , published at the end of 1932 under the pseudonym “ Céline ” ( his maternal grandmother ’s first name ) , proving an enormous success .
In February 1939 , Destouches received word that Pam had lost her husband : he had been seized , sent to Dachau , and killed .
On February 21 , Destouches wrote to Pam , who had fled abroad :
Dear Cillie ,
What awful news !
At least you ’re far away , on the other side of the world .
Were you able to take a little money with you ?
Obviously , you ’re going to start a new life over there .
How will you work ?
Where will Europe be by the time you receive this letter ?
We ’re living over a volcano .
On my side , my little dramas are nothing compared to yours ( for the moment ) , but tragedy looms nonetheless … .
Because of my anti-Semitic stance I ’ve lost all my jobs ( Clichy , etc. ) and I ’m going to court on March 8 .
You see , Jews can persecute too .
How a reader responds to this letter is , I suspect , a fair predictor of how capable he or she might be of tolerat - ing the extreme disjunctions that predominate in the life and art of its author .
One of Céline ’s biographers , for example , describes the letter as possessing “ a curious blend of concern and sheer tactless selfishness , ” a response that itself seems to exhibit its own curious blend of sheer shortsightedness and apologism .
Another biographer calls it , reasonably if inadequately , “ astonishing , ” but does offer the useful detail that Pam , upon receipt of the letter , “ never saw [ Destouches ] again and stopped writing . ”
My own sense is that such a letter would astonish most readers — words of condolence over anti-Semitic violence do not often contain anti-Semitic sympathies — except those who have read not only Céline ’s novels but also what have been inaccurately termed , for generations , his “ anti-Semitic pamphlets . ”
Alas , no English - speaking reader who does not know French could make so comprehensive a survey .
Though all eight of Céline ’s novels are now available in dependable English translations , the so - called anti-Semitic pamphlets have never been …
A team of researchers from the University of Girona and the Max Planck Institute in Germany has shown that some mathematical algorithms provide clues about the artistic style of a painting .
The composition of colours or certain aesthetic measurements can already be quantified by a computer , but machines are still far from being able to interpret art in the way that people do .
How does one place an artwork in a particular artistic period ?
This is the question raised by scientists from the Laboratory of Graphics and Image in the University of Girona and the Max Planck Institute for Biological Cybernetics , in Germany .
The researchers have shown that certain artificial vision algorithms mean a computer can be programmed to " understand " an image and differentiate between artistic styles based on low - level pictorial information .
Human classification strategies , however , include medium and high - level concepts .
Low - level pictorial information encompasses aspects such as brush thickness , the type of material and the composition of the palette of colours .
Medium - level information differentiates between certain objects and scenes appearing in a picture , as well as the type of painting ( landscape , portrait , still life , etc. ) .
High - level information takes into account the historical context and knowledge of the artists and artistic trends .
" It will never be possible to precisely determine mathematically an artistic period nor to measure the human response to a work of art , but we can look for trends , " said Miquel Feixas , one of the authors of the study , published in the journal Computers and Graphics .
The researchers analysed various artificial vision algorithms used to classify art , and found that certain aesthetic measurements ( calculating " the order " of the image based on analysing pixels and colour distribution ) , as well as the composition and diversity of the palette of colours , can be useful .
The team also worked with people with little knowledge of art , showing them more than 500 paintings done by artists from 11 artistic periods .
The participants were " surprisingly good " at linking the artworks with their corresponding artistic period , showing the high capacity of human perception .
Beyond the implications for philosophy and art , the scientists want to apply their research in developing image viewing and analysis tools , classifying and searching for collections in museums , creating public informative and entertainment equipment , and in order to better understand the interactions between people , computers and works of art .
Beauty , order and complexity
The earliest work of this kind was done in 1933 , when the mathematician George D. Birkhoff tried to formalise the notion of beauty with an aesthetic measurement defined as the relationship between order and complexity .
After this , the philosopher Max Bense converted this into a measurement of information based on entropy ( disorder or diversity ) .
According to Bense , the creative process is a selective process ( " to create is to select " ) , within a range of elements ( a palette of colours , sounds , phonemes , etc. ) .
The creative process can be seen as channel for transmitting information between the palette and the artist and the objects or features of an image .
This concept provides a powerful tool for analysing composition and the visual attention ( " saliency " ) of a painting .
Gordon Brown tonight led a chorus of condemnation against " flat - earth " climate change sceptics who have tried to derail the Copenhagen summit by casting doubt on the evidence for global warming .
Sceptics in the UK and the US have moved to capitalise on a series of hacked emails from climate change scientists at the University of East Anglia , claiming they show attempts to hide information that does not support the case for human activity causing rising temperatures .
On the eve of the Copenhagen summit , Saudi Arabia and Republican members of the US Congress have used the emails to claim the need for urgent action to cut carbon emissions has been undermined .
But tonight the prime minister , his environment secretary , Ed Miliband , and Ed Markey , the man who co-authored the US climate change bill , joined forces to condemn the sceptics .
" With only days to go before Copenhagen we must n't be distracted by the behind - the - times , anti-science , flat - earth climate sceptics , " Brown told the Guardian .
" We know the science .
We know what we must do .
We must now act and close the 5 bn - tonne gap .
That will seal the deal . "
According to the government adviser Sir Nicholas Stern , 10bn tonnes of greenhouse gas emissions must be taken out of the atmosphere by 2020 .
So far agreement is in place for only half of that amount .
Ed Miliband gave his most damning assessment of the sceptics yet , describing them as " dangerous and deceitful " .
He said : " The approach of the climate saboteurs is to misuse data and mislead people .
The sceptics are playing politics with science in a dangerous and deceitful manner .
There is no easy way out of tackling climate change despite what they would have us believe .
The evidence is clear and the time we have to act is short .
To abandon this process now would lead to misery and catastrophe for millions . "
Markey warned against allowing America 's political agenda to be hijacked by the email affair .
" We can no longer allow our climate and energy policy to be hijacked by the government of Saudi Arabia , ExxonMobil , and the defenders of the fossil fuel status quo , " he said .
Even if an investigation into the university emails were to show evidence of wrongdoing , scientists and politicians say there is an overwhelming body of evidence that humans are causing climate change .
However , the hacking affair is putting new obstacles in the way of getting a bill past Congress – seen as a crucial precondition for a binding climate change treaty .
The summit , which begins on Monday , aims to seal a global deal to control greenhouse gas emissions , but all of the significant issues remain to be resolved .
There is still no agreement between developing nations and the richer countries over the carbon cuts required and the funding which must be given to poorer countries to help them cope with global warming .
China and India , whose economies are growing rapidly , must still agree a deal on curbing their emissions while being able to lift billions of people out of poverty .
The concern for some of those attempting to drive through a global deal is that the sceptics will delay critical decisions by casting doubt over the science at a time when momentum has been gathering towards a historic agreement .
" The sceptics have clearly seized upon this as an incident that they can use to their own ends in trying to disrupt the Copenhagen agreements , " said Bob Watson , Defra chief scientist and former head of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change .
" If this slows down an international agreement to significantly reduce greenhouse gases , it will mean we 're committed to an even larger temperature change … with adverse consequences on agriculture , water , human security , human health and biodiversity . "
Nick Clegg , the Lib Dem leader , said it would be disastrous for the planet if sceptics were able to undermine support for a climate change deal .
" Ideological dinosaurs , whether in Saudi Arabia or in the Conservative party , who deny climate change must not be allowed to hide behind some leaked correspondence to support their outdated theories , " Clegg said .
A number of prominent Conservatives , including former chancellor Lord Lawson and former Cameron frontbencher David Davis , have pounced on the email furore .
But tonight the shadow climate change secretary , Greg Clark , made clear the party line remains that climate change is a serious man-made threat .
" Research into climate change has involved thousands of different scientists , pursuing many separate lines of independent inquiry over many years .
The case for a global deal is still strong and in many aspects , such as the daily destruction of the Earth 's rainforests , desperately urgent , " he said .
Additional reporting by Alok Jha and Andrew Sparrow
( Natural News )
This article has been removed
Get independent news alerts on natural cures , food lab tests , cannabis medicine , science , robotics , drones , privacy and more .
Take Action : Support Natural
News by linking to this article from your website
Permalink to this article :
https://www.naturalnews.com/027836_fluoride_scam.html
Embed article link : ( copy HTML code below ) :
The Fluoride Cover - Up : Look Under the Mother of All Bandaids ( Opinion )
Reprinting this article :
Non-commercial use OK , cite NaturalNews.com with clickable link .
Follow Natural News on Facebook , Twitter , Google Plus , and Pinterest
ISLAMABAD -- Suspected Islamic militants stormed a mosque close to Pakistan army headquarters in Rawalpindi on Friday , killing at least 36 people in the latest attack targeting the security forces .
An army major general and five other senior officers were among those killed , in one of the deadliest attacks in the high - security garrison town , a military spokesman said .
The ...
After a lengthy layoff , two of pro wrestling ’s biggest stars in the 1980s returned to action .
Hulk Hogan and Ric Flair limped their way to the ring in Australia for their much anticipated encounter .
The match was anything but what a match in the 80s would have looked like between these two men .
As a matter of a fact , it sounded more like an alternative ending to The Wrestler .
Ric Flair lost a retirement match to Shawn Michaels at WrestleMania 24 last year .
Vince McMahon brought Flair back with the promise from Flair that this would be his last match .
Flair was subsequently honored by the WWE the night after with a retirement ceremony for the ages .
It only took a few weeks , but it was n’t long thereafter when Flair started making noise about a “ comeback . ”
A lot has happened since that memorable night on WWE RAW .
Flair has turned himself from a wrestling legend to a wrestling laughingstock .
Since that night on RAW , Flair has quit the WWE , sucked the convention circuit dry of $ 100 autographs , been divorced and married , got into a bar fight with his daughter ’s boyfriend , and has reportedly screwed indy promoters out of thousands of dollars .
Flair ’s return to the ring was imminent , yet frowned upon by many in the industry including Flair ’s closest friends .
Hulk Hogan has also had quite a ride since his last big match .
It has been three years since Hogan ’s last big match in the WWE against Randy Orton .
Since that time , Hogan attempted an indy tour which started and ended two years ago with a bombed show .
Hogan has also had his share of family issues from a very public divorce , a new engagement , fame and destruction of his family , capped off with a ton of tragedy surrounding his son .
Like Flair , Hogan is also in financial need due to a terrible divorce .
It was also no surprise when Hogan announced his new venture , a tour of Australia and a comeback match .
Needless to say , Hogan ’s return to the ring was far less memorable than his WrestleMania classics .
Reportedly , only 50 % of the seats were filled for the big Hogan - Flair encounter in Melbourne .
Reports of the match vary , but it sounds like it was exactly what you would have expected .
It sounded like two guys trying their best to entertain , yet looking every bit of their age in the ring .
The match ended with Hogan hitting Flair with “ brass knuckles ” and pinning him .
I must admit that I was kind of surprised not to see Hogan go over Flair clean , since he beat him like a drum in their WWE and WCW runs .
There is a big joke in here somewhere .
Here are two guys that used to sell out the biggest arenas in the world , desperately trying to cling on to something that has long past them by .
For Flair , it is almost pathetic that he sold his WrestleMania memory for this .
Instead of going out with one of the most memorable matches and moments in his career , he will instead have to live with a slow - motioned match against Hulk Hogan in front of a minimal audience .
It is almost a worst case scenario for Hulk Hogan .
Hogan at least still gives the perception to the mainstream media that he is still a huge wrestling superstar .
His last two attempts to independently resurrect his career have been dreadful .
Out of the WWE or WCW machine , his name attracts more media attention to TMZ.com than it does wrestling fans to a match .
At a time when Hogan announced a deal with TNA Wrestling , this only shows TNA that the Hogan name does n’t have nearly as much pull as they were led to believe .
Do n’t misunderstand me , as I was a huge Hogan and Flair fan .
I am still a fan of their older matches and moments .
I just think there is something terribly wrong with two guys who earned millions of dollars and ruled the wrestling world 25 - years ago to be limping around a half - empty arena to cover an alimony payment .
I still enjoy seeing them pop up from time to time on the WWE shows , but this is not the way that these two guys should be going out .
Whatcha gonna do when the Hulkamania tour comes to a town near you ?
Probably not go .
Ric Flair ’s Entrance
Thanks to ProWrestling .
Net for the tip !
Full Results …
Nick Dinsmore ( Eugene ) & “ Pimp Fatha ” Charles Wright ( Godfather ) beat Rock of Love
“ Spartan 3000 ″ Matt Cross beat Shannon Moore
The Nasty Boys beat Vampire Warrior ( Gangrel ) & Black Pearl “ The Count of California ” in a Street Fight
Brutus Beefcake beat Heidenreich
Lacey Von Erich beat Koa Marie Turner , Kiara Dillon , and Stephanie Pietz in a Bikini Challengeng the worm .
Ken Anderson beat Sean Morley
Brian Christopher & Solofa Fatu , Jr. ( Rikishi ) beat Edward Smith Fatu ( Umaga ) & Orlando Jorda
Hulk Hogan beat Ric Flair
Win a WWE Survivor Series Prize Pack here on CamelClutchBlog.com .
Click here to enter !
Order Hulk Hogan ’s Unreleased Collector ’s Series DVD by clicking here .
Order Hulk Hogan ’s new autobiography , My Life Outside the Ring by clicking here .
Order WWE : Nature Boy Ric Flair – The Definitive Collection on DVD by clicking here .
From the ring to your wall – WWE REAL .
BIG Wall Graphics on sale now at Fat Head !
( Visited 80 times , 1 visits today )
Eric G. Eric is the owner and editor - in - chief of the Camel Clutch Blog .
Eric has worked in the pro wrestling industry since 1995 as a ring announcer in ECW and a commentator / host on television , PPV , and home video .
Eric also hosted Pro Wrestling Radio on terrestrial radio from 1998 - 2009 .
Check out some of Eric 's work on his IMDB bio and Wikipedia .
Eric has an MBA from Temple University 's Fox School of Business .
More Posts - Website Follow Me :
World leaders failed us at Copenhagen .
They can still get it right and we must not let them fail .
The future of 6.5 billion people is at stake .
You are one of them .
Sign
On now .
The Nintendo World Store in Rockefeller Center shone bright with neon Mario colors , a welcoming warm oasis on a wet , cold November morning .
Whether dressed in a Princess Peach costume or in an edgy , unauthorized fan art shirt , gamers came decked out in their finest Mario gear for the occasion .
Customers entered the Mario museum in the same way the mustached plumber first discovered the Mushroom Kingdom long ago -- by entering a giant green pipe .
The pipe theme continued inside the museum , with unique items from Mario 's merchandising career laid out on pipes and inside secret blocks .
Try to guess what this is .
Lunchbox ?
Pencil case ?
No , it 's a vintage Super Mario cassette tape caddy .
Remember those ?
Take a Mario bubble bath , wash your hair with Princess Peach shampoo , then remove any unwanted body hair with Luigi Depilatory Cream ( not pictured ) .
Get dressed in your finest Mario vest and make your own cartoons with a rubber stamp set .
On this Thermos lunchbox combo , the Marios hit the couch and play The Legend of Zelda .
How recursive .
Items from Japan : Super Mario
World puzzle books ( left ) join the original 1985 Famicom version of Super Mario Bros. , the game that changed the world .
Before hitting it big with home games , Nintendo was well - known for its Game & Watch handheld amusements .
This Mario game let one player control both of the Bros .
The Super Mario Bros. 3 Walkie Talkie set lets you bark orders right into Mario 's horrific contorted grimace .
Speaking of horrific grimaces , if I saw the face on this Mario comforter staring up at me when I woke up in the middle of the night , I 'd be somewhat less than comforted .
The Super Mario Bros.
Super
Show was required after - school viewing for a generation of kids .
These VHS tapes capture the action for all eternity , or at least until the tapes fall apart .
Super Mario Bros. cake pan .
This probably sounds like a great idea except when you realize that the finished product is n't going to look like much of anything unless your mom is an expert at drawing with cake icing .
A wicked Mario Halloween costume , vintage Dr. Mario poncho and a Super Mario Bros. 2 racing outfit complete this wall of disguises .
Wait , what ?
There was no racing in Super Mario 2 .
No museum would be complete without the games themselves , including Super Mario 1 , 2 , and 3 for the 8 - bit Nintendo .
Mario's next two grand adventures , Super Mario World and Super Mario 64 .
A television monitor in one corner of the museum ran a loop of classic Super Mario TV commercials that fans probably had n't seen since the ' 80s .
Fans could finish out their Mario - themed day by getting their pictures taken with Mario - themed props and backgrounds .
And what Mario day would be complete without some face time from the man himself ?
Wallets are causing men excruciating pain and it has nothing to do with a lack of cash .
Physiotherapists say they have seen a surge in the number of men complaining of lower back pain and the lowly wallet is their chief suspect .
Experts say men who sit down with their wallets in their back trouser pocket risk damaging key nerves .
Take your wallet out of your back pocket .
Put it in your jacket pocket or somewhere else
Take your wallet out of your back pocket .
Put it in your jacket pocket or somewhere else
Julian Firth ,
physiotherapist
The condition is becoming so common that it has even been given its own name - hip - pocket syndrome or wallet - neuropathy .
Men who drive with their wallet stuffed into their back trouser pocket appear to be most at risk .
More cases
" I 've noticed more and more patients coming into my clinic with this condition and many of my colleagues have also noticed an increase , " Julian Firth , a physiotherapist in Buckhurst Hill , Essex , told BBC News Online .
The condition is triggered by the wallet pressing on nerves in the back .
Over time this can cause sciatica .
This can lead to pain or numbness in the lower leg , ankle or foot .
Walking , sitting and lying down can become extremely painful .
Some people can only find relief when they stand still .
" The wallet presses up on the nerves .
This is most likely to happen when people are driving but it can also happen when people are sitting at work , " said Mr Firth .
Physiotherapists recommend that people with the condition remove their wallet from their back pockets .
In some cases this can be enough to stop the pain .
Others , however , will require expert treatment .
" Anyone who thinks they may have the condition should first of all seek physiotherapy advice , " Mr Firth said .
" Physiotherapists can give them advice on exercises to relieve the pain . "
But by far the easiest way to deal with the condition is to stop it from happening in the first place .
" The simplest way to protect yourself against this is to take your wallet out of your back pocket .
Put it in your jacket pocket or somewhere else , " said Mr Firth .
WASHINGTON
I was walking through a deserted downtown on Christmas Eve with a friend , past the lonely , gray Treasury Building , past the snowy White House with no president inside .
“ I hope the terrorists do n’t think this is a good time to attack , ” I said , looking protectively at the White House , which always looks smaller and more vulnerable and beautiful than you expect , no matter how often you see it up close .
I thought our guard might be down because of the holiday ; now I realize our guard is down every day .
One thrilling thing about moving from W. to Barack Obama was that Obama seemed like an avatar of modernity .
The tentacles of the mafia are spreading to the UK , as British cities become key locations in the mob 's vital money - laundering operations , according to Italy 's leading expert in organised crime , Francesco Forgione .
Last week Britain 's Gambling Commission suspended the licence of Paradise Bet Ltd , a company based in the west London suburb of Hounslow that operates paradisebet.com .
The company was shut down when its assets were frozen by Italian police as part of their operation to break up the criminal Parisi clan from the southern Puglia region , whose members are accused of attempted murder , drug smuggling and money - laundering .
Savino Parisi , the 48 - year - old head of the clan , as well as politicians and businessmen , were believed to be among 74 people arrested this month by Italian officials in the city of Bari , where Paradise Bet has an operating office .
Police raids in Italy , aided by Britain 's Serious and Organised Crime Agency , seized 227 properties , 680 bank accounts , 61 luxury cars , nine stables , 71 horses and 35 businesses said to be worth £ 200 m in an operation code - named " Domino " .
Investigators believe that the assets seized are just the tip of an iceberg .
Forgione has drawn up a list of suspected mob investments in London in which Italy 's three main organised crime groups – Sicily 's mafia , Calabria 's ' Ndrangheta and the Neapolitan Camorra – are all represented .
The ' Ndrangheta boasts a turnover of £ 40bn , which is larger than the GDPs of Estonia and Slovenia combined .
Forgione 's list starts with members of the mafia 's notorious Graviano family , heads of the Brancaccio clan , who killed scores across Italy in a bombing campaign in the early 1990s .
" Members of the Secondigliano Alliance , a group of clans within the Camorra , are suspected of owning shops in London which turn out fake designer goods and also act as hideouts for fugitives and fronts for drug trafficking , " said Forgione , who was president of the Italian anti-mafia parliamentary commission until 2008 .
He has lived under armed escort since 1995 .
Forgione has the name of a London - based financial consultant who he says is linked to the ' Ndrangheta 's Fazzari clan , a major force in drug smuggling .
" Two suspected members of the ' Ndrangheta Aracri clan , which controls much of the Italian city of Reggio Emilia , are now based in London 's West End buying up property , " he added .
" They are not killing in London yet , just investing . "
Forgione said Italy 's attempts to track down its gangsters had been boosted by the introduction in 2004 of a Europe - wide arrest warrant , since when four mobsters have been rounded up in the UK and sent home in handcuffs .
Before he was arrested in 2005 , Antonio La Torre , a Camorra boss , managed to set up a small commercial empire as a money - laundering operation in Aberdeen , including an olive oil and prosciutto - importing business and a restaurant , offering jobs to Neopolitans , including Roberto Saviano , who later described his Scottish sojourn in his best - selling exposé Gomorrah .
" Thanks to the European warrant , La Torre could be arrested , but only for crimes committed back in Italy , " said Forgione .
" No property was seized in Aberdeen and that may still be held by the clan through front men . "
The fugitive Naples gangster and alleged hit -man Gennaro Panzuto was arrested in 2007 in Garstang , Lancashire , where he was busy relaying orders back to Naples while teaching British crooks how to defraud car - leasing companies .
" The arrests of Panzuto and La Torre showed that the Camorra see the UK as a place to hide out and launder money , " said the Neapolitan magistrate Michele Del Prete .
" But while Panzuto has now given us names of his British accomplices , which we passed on to British authorities earlier this year , the British do not seem to be that interested . "
Forgione said there was only one way of keeping Italian mobsters out of the UK .
" Unless Britain and Europe introduce laws recognising the crime of Mafia membership , as we have done in Italy , and allow the seizure of assets at the moment of a mobster 's arrest , the Mafia will always be one step ahead . "
In his new book , Mafia Export , Forgione includes maps showing where investigators believe Italian clans have operated overseas .
In Germany , six Calabrians were gunned down on a quiet street in Duisburg in 2007 , part of a long - running ' Ndrangheta feud between the Nirta and Pelle Vottari clans .
This summer Germany introduced legislation to allow the seizure of assets from suspected mobsters , which Forgione described as " a start " .
At the time of Panzuto 's arrest in Garstang , the Naples flying squad chief , Vittorio Pisani , said he may have chosen Lancashire to avoid crossing paths with other fugitives .
" It was probably not for the food or the weather , " he said .
Kate Beaton
If it helps to understand it better , I am the second oldest of four girls .
Happy Holidays , everyone !
To you and yours .
Hosting by It being Christmas Eve and all , I was thinking of this Christmas story and drew it up .
I meant to draw it nicer , but did n't get time .
It 's about family .
If it helps to understand it better , I am the second oldest of four girls .
Happy Holidays , everyone !
To you and yours .
Hosting by Voxel Store !
Many people are surprised at the pace of the rise in equity as well as commodity markets because economy of the countries like US , Euro zone is still not showing any signs of recovery .
Well the answer to the questions about this stupendous rise across the world equity market lies in the currency or dollar carry trade .
Currency carry trade can be defined as a strategy in which an investor sells a certain currency with a relatively low interest rate and uses the funds to purchase a different currency yielding a higher interest rate .
A trader using this strategy attempts to capture the difference between the rates , which can often be substantial , depending on the amount of leverage used .
With interest rates in US being 0 % various traders as well as hedge funds are borrowing from the US banks and converting those dollars into other currencies and investing in bonds and stock markets in countries like Asia , Latin America because there interest rates are higher than US and hence trying to benefit from this disparity in interest rates across the globe .
Dollar carry trade is one of the main reasons behind this smart recovery in most of the equity markets across the globe .
Spurt in prices of all the commodities like gold , silver , crude can also be attributed to dollar carry trade .
Now the question arises when this all will end , well this is difficult to answer because for it to happen either interest rates in US have to go up or some factor like geopolitical conditions lead to appreciation in US dollar , which forces traders and hedgers to reverse their leverage positions or close it .
Hence one thing is for sure whenever this dollar carry trade unwinding takes place it will lead to biggest asset bust ever taking down all the risky assets like emerging equity markets , commodities with it .
Catalyst on Debian
Introduction
Because Catalyst is a rapidly evolving project , packages supplied by operating system vendors like Debian , Fedora , Ubuntu , and many others have historically been outdated compared to the stable versions .
In effect , this limited users of Debian 's package management system to outdated versions of this software .
In 2009 , thanks to the efforts of Matt S Trout and many others , Debian 's Catalyst packages have been improving .
The idea that Debian 's Perl packages are outdated is an idea that is itself becoming obsolete .
There are many situations where system - wide Debian packages ( and similarly , Ubuntu packages ) can be preferable to installing software manually via CPAN .
Advantages
Here are some reasons why packages managed by Debian are preferable to installing packages manually : Unattended installation : the majority of our packages require absolutely no user interaction during installation , in contrast to installs via CPAN .
Quicker installs for binary packages : since binary packages are pre-built , installing the package is as simple as unpacking the package and installing the files to the appropriate locations .
When many modules need to be built ( as with Catalyst and MojoMojo ) , this can result in a significant time savings , especially when one considers rebuilding due to upgrades .
No unnecessary updates : if an update only affects the Win32 platform , for example , it does not make sense to waste bandwidth downloading and installing it .
Our process separates packages with bugfixes and feature additions from those that have no functional difference to users , saving time , bandwidth , and administrative overhead .
Only packages offered by Debian are supported by Debian : if there are bugs in your Debian software , it is our responsibility to help identify and correct them .
Often this means coordinating with the upstream software developers ( i.e. the Catalyst community ) and working toward a solution together - but our team takes care of this on your behalf .
Updates occur with the rest of your system : while upgrading your system using aptitude , synaptic , or another package management tool , your Perl packages will be updated as well .
This prevents issues where a system administrator forgets to update CPAN packages periodically , leaving your systems vulnerable to potential security issues .
Important changes are always indicated during package upgrades : if there are changes to the API of a library which can potentially break applications , a supplied Debian .
NEWS file will display a notice ( either in a dialog box or on the command line ) indicating these changes .
You will need to install the " apt- listchanges " utility to see these .
This year has seen greatly improved interaction between the Debian Perl Group and the Catalyst community , which is a trend we'd like to see continue for many years to come .
As with any open source project , communicating the needs of both communities and continuing to work together as partners will ultimately yield the greatest benefit for everyone .
Disadvantages
As with all good things , there are naturally some situations where using Debian Perl packages ( or , indeed , most operating - system managed packages ) is either impossible , impractical , or undesirable .
Inadequate granularity : due to some restrictions on the size of packages being uploaded into Debian , there are plenty of module " bundles " , including the main Catalyst module bundle ( libcatalyst - modules - perl ) .
Unfortunately , this means you may have more things installed than you need .
Not installable as non-root : if you do n't have root on the system , or a friendly system administrator , you simply cannot install Debian packages , let alone our Perl packages .
This can add to complexity for shared hosting scenarios where using our packages would require some virtualization .
Multiple versions : with a solution like local : : lib , it 's possible to install multiple versions of the same package in different locations .
This can be important for a number of reasons , including ease of testing and to support your legacy applications .
With operating - system based packages , you will always have the most recent version available ( and if you are using the stable release , you will always have the most recent serious bug / security fixes installed ) .
Less useful in a non-homogeneous environment : if you use different operating systems , it can be easier to maintain a single internal CPAN mirror ( especially a mini- CPAN installation ) than a Debian repository , Ubuntu repository , Fedora / RedHat repository , etc .
For my purposes , I use Debian packages for everything because the benefits outweigh the perceived costs .
However , this is not the case for everyone in all situations , so it is important to understand that Debian Perl packages are not a panacea .
Quality Assurance
The Debian Perl Group uses several tools to provide quality assurance for our users .
Chief among them is the Package Entropy Tracker ( PET ) , a dashboard that shows information like the newest upstream versions of modules .
Our bug reports are available in Debian 's open bug reporting system .
If you have any requests for Catalyst - related modules ( or other Perl modules ) that you 'd like packaged for Debian , please either contact me directly ( via IRC or email ) or file a " Request For Package " ( RFP ) bug .
If you have general questions or would like to chat with us , you 're welcome to visit us at any time - we hang around on irc.debian.org , # debian - perl .
SEE ALSO
Our IRC channel , irc.debian.org ( OFTC ) , channel #debian - perl
Package Entropy Tracker ( http://pkg-perl.alioth.debian.org/cgi-bin/pet.cgi) is a dashboard where we can see what needs to be updated .
It allows us ( and others , if interested ! ) to easily monitor our workflow , and also contains links to our repository .
Our welcome page ( http://wiki.debian.org/Teams/DebianPerlGroup/Welcome) talks about what we do and how you ( yes you ! ) can join .
You do n't need to be a Debian Developer to join the group ( actually , I 'm not yet a DD and yet I maintain 300 + packages through the group ) .
This guide ( http://pkg-perl.alioth.debian.org/howto/RFP.html) explains how to file a Request For Package ( RFP ) bug , so that the modules you use can be added to the Debian archive .
Note that Debian is subject to many restrictions , so issues like inadequate copyright information may prevent the package from entering the archive .
STATISTICS
Here are some statistics of note :
We maintain over 1400 + packages as of today .
For our QA report , see : http://qa.debian.org/developer.php?login=pkg-perl-maintainers@lists.alioth.debian.org&comaint=yes
We have quite a few active members ; probably around 10 or 20 .
The full list : https://alioth.debian.org/project/memberlist.php?group_id=30274
AUTHOR
Jonathan Yu < jawnsy@cpan.org >
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
‘ the magician turned the wale into a flower ’ , 2004
the artwork of children is fascinating on many levels .
however their uninhibited imagination is not always very true to reality .
so when korean artist yeondoo jung set out to turn the drawing ’s of 5 - 7 year old children into reality , some interesting environments were sure to arise .
after he collected over 1,000 drawings , a select few were selected and turned into reality through a series of photo shoots titled ‘ wonderland ’ .
the results are just as fascinating as the original drawings .
http://www.yeondoojung.com
‘he did n’t sleep for three days ’ , 2004
‘ little red riding hood ’ , 2004
‘ sleeping beauty ’ , 2004
‘ the rich & poor ’ , 2004 ‘ princes twins ’ , 2004
‘ afternoon nap ’ , 2004
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - With California teetering perpetually on the edge of financial ruin , marijuana activists have seized the moment , claiming that legalizing and taxing pot could help bail out the cash - strapped Golden State .
But critics are slamming the proposal , saying the social costs of a free - smoking state far outweigh the money it would bring in , and that a promised windfall from taxing marijuana sales could n’t possibly plug California ’s massive budget gap .
Voters are likely to confront the issue next year .
Marijuana advocates say they have collected more than enough signatures , over 680,000 , to qualify for November ’s ballot with a proposal to make California the first U.S. state to legalize possession and cultivation of pot for recreational use .
Passage remains far from certain , even in socially permissive California .
Fifteen years after Californians led the nation in approving the use of cannabis for medical purposes , fierce political debate is raging over a recent mushrooming of medicinal pot dispensaries in Los Angeles and other cities .
In northern California towns like Arcata and Eureka , where pot has long been part of the social fabric and local economy , illicit growers have reportedly stepped up production to meet rising demand generated by the proliferation of clinics around the state of 38 million .
‘ PROHIBITION IS CHAOS ’
Under the latest initiative , simple possession of an ounce ( 28.5 grams ) or less of marijuana , currently a misdemeanor offense punishable by a $ 100 fine , would be legal for anyone at least 21 .
It also would be lawful to grow limited amounts in one ’s own home for personal use .
While sales would not be legalized outright , cities and counties could pass laws permitting commercial distribution subject to local regulations and taxes .
Retail sales would still be limited to an ounce for adults 21 and older .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
A Field Poll in April found 56 percent of California voters favor legalizing recreational marijuana and taxing it as a new revenue source to ease the budget crunch .
The state tax board found that California could collect $ 1.4 billion a year in taxes from a legalization bill proposed by Assemblyman Tom Ammiano , a San Francisco Democrat .
He backs the referendum as a prelude to his own statewide bill , saying that outlawing pot has proven a failure .
“ Prohibition is chaos , and at least with regulation you have some control , ” Ammiano said .
But critics warn that the social harms of legalizing cannabis -- from declines in work production and academic achievement to a rise in traffic and job accidents -- would likely trump any economic benefits .
“ The carnage in this country due to alcohol and tobacco use is enormous , ” said Joel Hay , professor of pharmaceutical economics and policy at the University of Southern California .
“ Why we would want to increase the use of another product that creates this kind of damage is hard to fathom . ”
Hay questions the accuracy of revenue projections for Ammiano ’s bill , based largely on a 2006 Harvard University study that valued California ’s annual marijuana crop of an estimated 8.6 million pounds ( 3.9 million kg ) at $ 13.8 billion a year .
‘ DEALING WITH CONSEQUENCES ’
Slideshow ( 5 images )
“ I do n’t know that their numbers are correct .
But whether it ’s a billion or a half billion ( dollars in revenue ) , that number will be swamped by the cost to the state of dealing with all the consequences , ” Hay said .
The tax board ’s estimate assumes marijuana ’s street price would drop by half if legalized but that demand would rise .
Still , the $ 1.4 billion in revenues projected for the Ammiano bill would make only a small dent in California ’s budget shortfall , estimated at $ 21 billion for 2009 - 10 .
Supporters say many of the benefits of legalizing pot are harder to quantify .
They argue that ending prosecutions of marijuana possession would free up strained law enforcement resources and strike a blow against drug cartels , much as repealing prohibition of alcohol in the 1930s crushed bootlegging by organized crime .
Stephen Gutwillig , California head of the Drug Policy Alliance , said current law “ makes criminals out of otherwise law - abiding citizens . ”
State figures show misdemeanor marijuana possession arrests topped 61,400 in California last year , he said , up 127 percent from 1990 , while arrests for all other crimes fell 40 percent .
The ballot measure ’s leading advocate , Richard Lee , owner of several marijuana - related businesses in Oakland , also said legalization could be for California what gambling long was for Nevada -- an added tourist attraction .
Lee argued that if alcohol , which he calls “ a more dangerous drug ” than marijuana , can be taxed and regulated by the government , “ we can surely do it with cannabis . ”
But veteran political consultant Steve Smith said Lee ’s measure had an uphill fight .
“ What you like to have going in is 60 percent support , because the high point of a proponent ’s campaign generally is when they start , ” he said .
“ If they ’re in the mid-50s , they have a chance of passage but it wo n’t be easy . ”
As news reports come in of one Republican after another suggesting that a government - run public option for health care may not be so bad after all , evidence is beginning to mount that the GOP may be conceding defeat in the health care battle — or at least preparing itself to make major concessions .
Prominent conservative blogger Erick Erickson raised the alarm on his RedState blog on Wednesday that at least some congressional Republicans may be ready to throw in the towel , and even vote for a compromise that could include a public option .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I am told quite reliably that in a meeting today on Capitol Hill , Republican Senators began to rapidly move toward concessions on health care because they are afraid they cannot hold their members , ” Erickson wrote .
“ Some Republicans are now thinking of supporting a government program . ”
Erickson urged his largely conservative readership to “ go to the action center and start calling ” their members of Congress .
The Washington Post reported on Wednesday that “ the White House is orchestrating a series of endorsements from Republican leaders around the country .
“ With a key Senate panel poised to vote on a sweeping health bill , President Obama and his top aides have reached out to current and retired Republican leaders in an effort to blunt criticism that Democrats are using their congressional majorities to push through partisan legislation , ” the paper reported .
The Christian Science Monitor on Wednesday published a list of “ Five Republicans that want the GOP to back health care reform . ”
The list is comprised of New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , former Republican Senate majority leader Bill Frist , former Medicare chief Mark Maclellan , California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger and former health and human services secretary Tommy Thompson .
ADVERTISEMENT
Late last week , Frist told Time magazine that if he were still in the Senate , he would “ probably end up voting for ” health care reform .
Frist quickly backtracked , presumably under pressure from his GOP colleagues , but that was n’t enough to stem a growing tide of Republicans announcing their softened opposition to — or even support for — a public health option .
The Kansas City Star reported on Wednesday that Bob Dole , the former Republican presidential candidate and senator , is backing health care reform over the objections of Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell .
“ This is one of the most important measures members of Congress will vote on in their lifetimes , ” the Star quoted Dole as saying .
“ If we do n’t do it this year , I do n’t know when we ’re going to do it . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The paper reported :
Dole and two other former Senate leaders , Republican Howard Baker and Democrat Tom Daschle , are preparing to release a statement urging Congress to move on health care .
“ We ’re already hearing from some high - ranking Republicans that we should n’t do that .
That ’s helping the president , ” he said .
Later , he repeated that news , and elaborated on one “ very prominent Republican , who happens to be the Republican leader of the Senate . ”
That would be Sen. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky .
Dole , to his credit , is having none of it .
“ I want this to pass , ” he said .
“ I do n’t agree with everything Obama is presenting , but we ’ve got to do something . ”
But perhaps the most significant sign that the tide is turning in Washington towards health care reform is the discernible change in tone towards the issue on Fox News .
ADVERTISEMENT
As RAW STORY reported on Tuesday , Fox News host Shepard Smith — never one of the more ideological of Fox ’s news crew — challenged Wyoming Republican Sen .
John Barrasso’s assertion that the public option amounts to a government takeover of health care .
“ Over the last ten years health care costs in America have skyrocketed , ” he said .
“ Regular folks cannot afford it .
So , they tax the system by not getting preventative medicine .
They go to the emergency room in the last case and we all wind up paying for it . ”
Last comic of ’09 .
Wow .
I ’m looking forward to the new year .
Here ’s to ( hoped - for ) comic - greatness in ’ 10 .
Enlarge By Ron Edmonds , AP A Washington Redskins helmet showing the team logo in a 2003 photo .
IN 'THE HUDDLE ' COMMUNITY IN 'THE HUDDLE ' COMMUNITY
Get the latest buzz from around the NFL in ' The Huddle , ' USA TODAY 's football blog READ THE LATEST POSTS READ THE LATEST POSTS Read all posts WASHINGTON 
The Supreme Court on Monday spurned without comment an appeal by Native Americans challenging the Washington Redskins ' team name as perpetuating offensive stereotypes .
" For almost 40 years the Native American community has sought to retire Pro-Football 's ' Redskins ' trademark , " the National Congress of American Indians , backing the individual challengers , had told the court .
" The mark is patently offensive , disparaging , and demeaning and perpetrates a centuries - old stereotype . "
Pro-Football is the corporate name of the group that owns and operates the Redskins .
The American Indian group , supporting Suzan Harjo and other challengers to the Redskins ' name , said that since 1968 when the group began urging schools to drop names tied to Native Americans , " hundreds of high schools and colleges have discontinued their use of Indian names and mascots . "
The NCAI characterized the pro team as a disrespectful holdout , adding , " To many Native Americans , the term ' Redskins ' is associated with the barbaric practice of scalping . "
Without any recorded vote , the justices let stand a decision by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit that had said the American Indians had not asserted their rights under trademark law in a timely fashion .
The Redskins trademark was first issued in 1967 , and the lawsuit filed in 1992 .
In urging the justices to reject the appeal , lawyers for Pro-Football said the appeal would have tested the team 's exclusive right to use the trademark , not whether it had to abandon the nickname altogether .
The lawyers also said the Redskins have invested millions of dollars in promoting and advertising the trademark .
The Native Americans said that they had for decades reached out to team owners , urging them to voluntarily change the name , before resorting to the lawsuit .
*** ( The case is Hardo v. Pro-Football . )
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Remember this video of a “ holographic ” cat on the iPhone created by David Oreilly ?
Cool stuff for sure , but it was n’t actually real and was just put together as a demo .
But now that the iPhone 3GS comes equipped with a digital compass , the “ iHoligram ” as it ’s called is now a reality .
The video below is n’t as eye - catching as the concept video above , but it ’s certainly a solid start and should be available in the iTunes App Store in a few days .
A forum commenter on MacRumors opined that the app will include 5 items — “ a running ninja , a walking mech , a jeep ( best for seeing the anaglyph effect ) , a cat and that helicopter + air fighter scene . ”
via MacRumors
p.s anyone else notice an interesting rendition of “ Groove is in the Heart ” playing in the background ?
Finally , they do not understand the president ’s fundamental read on the situation .
Most of them , like most people who have spent a lot of time in Afghanistan , believe this war is winnable .
They do not think it will be easy or quick .
But they do have a bedrock conviction that the Taliban can be stymied and that the governments in Afghanistan and Pakistan can be strengthened .
But they do not know if Obama shares this gut conviction or possesses any gut conviction on this subject at all .
The experts I spoke with describe a vacuum at the heart of the war effort  a determination vacuum .
And if these experts do not know the state of President Obama ’s resolve , neither do the Afghan villagers .
They are now hedging their bets , refusing to inform on Taliban force movements because they are aware that these Taliban fighters would be their masters if the U.S. withdraws .
Nor does President Hamid Karzai know .
He ’s cutting deals with the Afghan warlords he would need if NATO leaves his country .
Nor do the Pakistanis or the Iranians or the Russians know .
They are maintaining ties with the Taliban elements that would represent their interests in the event of a U.S. withdrawal .
The determination vacuum affects the debate in this country , too .
Every argument about troop levels is really a proxy argument for whether the U.S. should stay or go .
The administration is so divided because the fundamental issue of commitment has not been settled .
Some of the experts asked what I thought of Obama ’s commitment level .
I had to confess I ’m not sure either .
So I guess the president ’s most important meeting is not the one with the Joint Chiefs and the cabinet secretaries .
It ’s the one with the mirror , in which he looks for some firm conviction about whether Afghanistan is worthy of his full and unshakable commitment .
If the president cannot find that core conviction , we should get out now .
It would be shameful to deploy more troops only to withdraw them later .
If he does find that conviction , then he should let us know , and fill the vacuum that is eroding the chances of success .
Gen . Stanley McChrystal has said that counterinsurgency is “ an argument to win the support of the people . ”
But it ’s not an argument won through sophisticated analysis .
It ’s an argument won through the display of raw determination .
To understand inflation , one must first understand what money is and how to measure it .
Please read What is Money and How Does One Measure It ? before attempting to understand what follows .
Unfortunately there is no general agreement as to the definition of inflation .
Here are some of the widely used definitions as noted in Inflation :
What the heck is it ?
Commonly Used Definitions
Decline in purchasing power of the currency held
Rising prices in general ( essentially the same as # 1 although some might disagree )
Rising consumer prices ( CPI ) Rising producer prices ( PPI )
Rising prices due to expansion of money supply
Rising prices due to expansion of money supply and credit Expansion of money supply Expansion of money supply and credit
Popular View
possible
Theoretical Stance Yields Poor Results
Merriam Webster Definition Of Inflation
Main Entry : in·fla·tion
Pronunciation : \in-ˈflā - shən\
Function : noun
Date : 14th century
1 : an act of inflating : a state of being inflated : as a : distension b : a hypothetical extremely brief period of very rapid expansion of the universe immediately following the big bang c : empty pretentiousness : pomposity
2 : a continuing rise in the general price level usually attributed to an increase in the volume of money and credit relative to available goods and services
It is by design of the Fed and bankers that the definition has morphed into common usage to something that removes the Fed from its role in causing inflation .
Cause Of The Great Depression
theoretical
Base Money Supply
M Prime
True Money Supply
Wide Difference Of Opinion About What Money Is
The True Money Supply ( TMS ) was formulated by Murray Rothbard and represents the amount of money in the economy that is available for immediate use in exchange .
In recent years , more and more economists have begun to include time deposits in banks in their definition of the money supply .
For a time deposit is also convertible into money at par on demand , and is therefore worthy of the status of money .
Opponents argue ( 1 ) that a bank may legally require a thirty - day wait before redeeming the deposit in cash , and therefore the deposit is not strictly convertible on demand , and ( 2 ) that a time deposit is not a true means of payment , because it is not easily transferred : a check cannot be written on it , and the owner must present his passbook to make a withdrawal .
Yet , these are unimportant considerations .
For , in reality , the thirty - day notice is a dead letter ; it is practically never imposed , and , if it were , there would undoubtedly be a prompt and devastating run on the bank . [ 2 ]
Everyone acts as if his time deposits were redeemable on demand , and the banks pay out their deposits in the same way they redeem demand deposits .
The necessity for personal withdrawal is merely a technicality ; it may take a little longer to go down to the bank and withdraw the cash than to pay by check , but the essence of the process is the same .
In both cases , a deposit at the bank is the source of monetary payment .
Practically Speaking , Both Money AMS and True Money Supply Contain Credit
practical path
In a fiat world , money is printed into existence by the central bank - in the United States the Fed .
Given there is nothing backing up this money , it is inherently worthless .
However , one can think of as real .
It was printed ( even if only electronically ) , therefore it exists .
In addition to the previously mentioned money supply , fractional reserve lending allows credit to be extended by banks and financial institutions on top of that inherently worthless money .
Indeed , banks and financial institutions have leveraged credit to base money at ratios of 30 - 1 , 50 - 1 or even higher .
It 's pretty amazing if you think about it : Credit is extended with 30 - 50 times leverage on inherently worthless paper .
Ponzi Financing
Borrowers have to pay interest on the amount borrowed .
However , the interest and the debt cannot possibly be paid back except by an ever expanding Ponzi scheme of lending .
That scheme can last only as long as everyone believes the debt can be paid back and the market value of that debt keeps rising .
It 's a faith based system in which banks extend loans and hold the credit on the books ( or in many cases off the books in various structured instruments ) .
The banks are thought of as being well capitalized as long as the value of credit on the books in relation to their reserves meets some ridiculously low minimum set by the Fed .
This is how the system works , using the term " works " loosely .
Day of Reckoning
The day of reckoning comes when asset prices start falling , defaults soar , and the value of credit on the books starts plunging .
That day of reckoning has arrived .
And if leverage is high enough , as it was with Bear Stearns and Lehman , the institutions are wiped out overnight .
Citigroup ( C ) , Bank of America ( BAC ) , Fannie Mae ( FNM ) , Freddie Mac ( FRE ) and AIG are essentially in the same position of Lehman except the taxpayers via the Treasury are funding the bailouts .
symptoms
Valid Measures Of Inflation ?
Monetary Inflation
Total Bank Credit
Excess Reserves At Depositary Institutions
Will this printing create [ price ] inflation ?
This is dependent very much on what money will do next .
If banks will not lend and banks sit on that cash forever and ever like the great depression because the risk is too high and the banks do not know if the lending will end up in good assets or bad assets , and because banks are in so many bad assets now they probably will not lend at all .
That is the observation that Murray Rothbard made , that during the Great Depression that banks have chosen not to lend because the risk of accumulating bad assets was far to high .
So they were sitting on massive reserves .
That is what is developing right now .
A good example is what happened in Japan in 2001 - 2002 where the Bank of Japan pumped 300 % at one stage and lending continued to collapse .
I expect similar things to happen here .
If lending will not increase we can conclude this will not be inflationary .
Why Are n't Banks Lending
Assets at Banks whose ALLL exceeds their Nonperforming Loans
Square Pegs And Round Holes
Kass :
The bond market is in a bubble that is reminiscent of ( and quite possibly as extreme as ) other bubbles during previous eras .
From my perch , the only issue is the timing of this trade .
Mish : Timing is indeed everything and perhaps there is a temporary selloff .
But the primary trend is for lower yields .
Perhaps much lower yields .
There is no bubble in bonds .
Not yet .
Those who want to see how low treasury yields can get and stay there , need to look at Japan .
Yields in the US are going to go far lower and stay lower longer than nearly everyone thinks .
Those focused on the CPI failed to see any chance of the Fed Fund 's Rate at 2.00 again .
On the other hand , those focused on the destruction of credit from an Austrian economic perspective got this correct .
That is just one reason why it makes more sense to watch the credit markets than the CPI .
The second is the CPI is so distorted it is useless .
In my opinion , it is very likely new all time lows in the 10 - year treasury yield and 30 - year long bond are coming up .
It is quite possible the lows in treasury yields are in .
Unlike 2008 where I was constantly beating the drums for lower yields , 2009 could be different .
practical matter
Humpty Dumpty On Inflation
Practical Definitions Of Inflation And Deflation
Most know my definitions by now but here they are again for convenience .
Inflation is a net increase in money supply and credit .
Deflation is a net decrease in money supply and credit .
In both cases credit must be marked to market to make any practical sense out of what is happening .
Those who focus solely on money supply cannot easily explain stock markets that have fallen in half ( this does not happen in disinflation ) , TIPs yields , a global race to ZIRP , or many other events that are happening .
Humpty Dumpty Defines Inflation
Unfortunately there are many definitions of inflation and deflation strewn about .
Some play the role of Humpty Dumpty changing meanings at whim , switching from commodity prices , to consumer prices , to expansion of base money or M3 or whatever measure of money seems to be expanding at the fastest rate .
Some do the inflationista two - step to avoid admitting that we are indeed in deflation , choosing instead to call it " disinflation "
In short : " We are going to have a period of deflation that we will instead call disinflation . "
' When I use a word , ' Humpty Dumpty said , in a rather scornful tone , ' it means just what I choose it to mean , neither more nor less . '
' The question is , ' said Alice , ' whether you can make words mean so many different things . '
' The question is , ' said Humpty Dumpty , ' which is to be master - that 's all . '
A Practical Look At " Flation "
Symptoms vs. Definition
symptoms
Where To Now ?
Unfortunately , I cannot state a precise measurement of inflation or deflation given the shell games at the banks and the Fed regarding mark - to - market accounting .
Addendum :
The Man Who Predicted the Depression
Ludwig von Mises was snubbed by economists world - wide as he warned of a credit crisis in the 1920s .
We ignore the great Austrian at our peril today .
Mises 's ideas on business cycles were spelled out in his 1912 tome " Theorie des Geldes und der Umlaufsmittel " ( " The Theory of Money and Credit " ) .
Not surprisingly few people noticed , as it was published only in German and was n't exactly a beach read at that .
Taking his cue from David Hume and David Ricardo , Mises explained how the banking system was endowed with the singular ability to expand credit and with it the money supply , and how this was magnified by government intervention .
" Theorie des Geldes " did not become the playbook for policy makers .
The 1920s were marked by the brave new era of the Federal Reserve system promoting inflationary credit expansion and with it permanent prosperity .
The nerve of this Doubting - Thomas , perma - bear , crazy Kraut !
Sadly , poor Ludwig was very nearly alone in warning of the collapse to come from this credit expansion .
In mid-1929 , he stubbornly turned down a lucrative job offer from the Viennese bank Kreditanstalt , much to the annoyance of his fiancée , proclaiming " A great crash is coming , and I do n't want my name in any way connected with it . "
We all know what happened next .
Pretty much right out of Mises 's script , overleveraged banks ( including Kreditanstalt ) collapsed , businesses collapsed , employment collapsed .
The brittle tree snapped .
Following Mises 's logic , was this a failure of capitalism , or a failure of hubris ?
Mises 's solution follows logically from his warnings .
You can't fix what 's broken by breaking it yet again .
Stop the credit gavage .
Stop inflating .
Do n't encourage consumption , but rather encourage saving and the repayment of debt .
Let all the lame businesses fail — no bailouts .
( You see where I 'm going with this . )
The distortions must be removed or else the precipice from which the system will inevitably fall will simply grow higher and higher .
Mises started getting some much - deserved respect once " Theorie des Geldes " was finally published in English in 1934 .
It is unfortunate that it required such a disaster for people to take heed of what was the one predictive , scholarly explanation of what was happening .
But then , just Mises 's bad luck , along came John Maynard Keynes 's tome " The General Theory of Employment , Interest and Money " in 1936 .
Keynes was dapper , fresh and sophisticated .
He even wrote in English !
And the guy had chutzpah , fearlessly fighting the battle against unemployment by running the currency printing press and draining the government 's coffers .
He was the anti-Mises .
So what if Keynes had lost his shirt in the stock - market crash .
His book was peppered with fancy math ( even Greek letters ) and that meant rigor , modernity .
To add insult to injury , Mises was n't even refuted by Keynes and his ilk .
He was ignored .
Fast forward 70 - some years , during which we saw Keynesianism 's repeated disappointments , the end of the gold standard , persistent inflation with intermittent inflationary recessions and banking crises , culminating in Alan Greenspan 's " Great Moderation " and a subsequent catastrophic collapse in housing and banking .
Where do we find ourselves ?
At a point of profound insight gained through economic logic , trial and error , and objective empiricism ?
Or right back where we started ?
...
Here We Are Again , Twice .
suggestion
Commence CRM provides you with pre-built , point and click , text based , and graphical reports for all applications .
The built - in report generator enables you to create reports against any data in the system including custom fields .
The analytics package provides additional sales , marketing and customer service indicators to help you make informed business decisions .
We are in the age of data - driven innovation today , and no business can expect to grow without the right data being available to them .
Customer relationship management is no different .
With Commence CRM ’s detailed analytics , you can take a step towards building business intelligence and manage relationships based on hard data .
The analytics module provides insight into every front - office process managed through Commence CRM , whether you want analytics on how your support team is handling customer requests , or how leads and opportunities are being managed by sales reps , or how marketing campaigns are contributing to the bottom - line .
Better analytics equal higher sales .
While the analytics module comes with a number of pre-built views , you can create customized reports in an interactive manner , based on both real - time and historical data .
Combine these ad - hoc reports with data visualization elements to identify trends and patterns across business data to help you grow .
All aboard the update train !
Here are some details on our latest version of PwnageTool for Mac OS X that adds support for the 3.1 release of the iPhone software for iPhone 3GS and iPod Touch 2G .
SUMMARY :
The iPhone 3GS is now supported in PwnageTool 3.1.3 , assuming the phone was pwned at 3.0 or 3.0.1 - PwnageTool does not support the 3GS out of the box .
If your iPhone 3GS has 3.1 preinstalled and is not Pwned then there is no tested jailbreak solution at the moment .
The iPod 2G is now supported in PwnageTool 3.1.3 , assuming the iPod 2G was pwned at 3.0 or 3.0.1 - PwnageTool does not support the iPod 2G with 3.1 software out of the box .
DETAILS :
GOLDEN RULE :
If you are using a iPhone 3G or iPhone 3 G ( S ) with ultrasn0w and rely on ultrasn0w to obtain cellular service then you should only update your device with an .ipsw that is made with the new PwnageTool .
There are no second chances with this .
You need to remember that PwnageTool will provide an upgrade path to newer versions of the iPhone software in the future .
Please read all parts of this post before downloading and using these tools .
Read items 1 , 2 and 3 again and again .
At the bottom of this post are the bittorrent files for the 3.1 capable version of PwnageTool .
PwnageTool will work for the iPhone 3GS assuming you have already Pwned it at 3.0 or 3.0.1 PwnageTool will work for the iPod touch 2G assuming you have already Pwned it at 3.0 or 3.0.1 PwnageTool WILL work for Original iPhone ( 1st Generation ) , the iPhone 3G and iPhone 3G ( S ) and the iPod touch ( 1st Generation and 2nd Generation ) but NOT the iPod touch 3rd generation .
For 3G and 3 G ( S ) users who are Pwned , PwnageTool is your key to updating in the future , just remember to never install an update directly from Apple , always use an .ipsw that has been created with PwnageTool .
There is no Windows version of PwnageTool it is a Mac OS X tool only , we are not developing a Windows version of PwnageTool .
What ’s a Baseband ?
The ‘ baseband ’ is the generic nickname given to the internal components of the iPhone that handle the phone calls and Internet access .
This ‘ baseband ’ is a tiny and unique independent computer system that runs inside your iPhone , it is separate to the main system that handles the applications ( such as email and google maps ) and it talks to the main part of the phone over an internal communications network .
Think of it like a cable modem or other peripheral that is attached to your home PC that needs occasional updates .
When a software update is released and presented to you within iTunes the baseband is sometimes updated ( to fix bugs or add new features ) .
The 3.1 update for the iPhone 3G and 3GS contains such an update , so running the vanilla updater straight away with iTunes will reprogram and update the baseband .
WHICH DEVICE DO I HAVE ?
Read the description to identify your device , once you have correctly identified your device follow the specific instructions for that device as listed below .
SIM Free / SP Unlocked / Factory Unlocked iPhone 3G ( S )
This applies if you bought your iPhone 3 G ( S ) for $ $ $ $ $ $ $ .
This model of iPhone 3 G ( S ) does n’t have an Service Provider lock ( aka factory unlocked ) and you are able to put any SIM card into the phone and get service .
Your phone is already unlocked so you do not need to worry about baseband updates , if your device was Pwned at 3.0 or 3.0.1 then you can use PwnageTool to create an ipsw and then use this to update and jailbreak your phone .
SIM Free / SP Unlocked / Factory Unlocked iPhone 3G
This applies if you bought your iPhone 3G for $ $ $ $ $ $ $ .
This model of iPhone 3G does n’t have an Service Provider lock ( aka factory unlocked ) and you are able to put any SIM card into the phone and get service .
Your phone is already unlocked so you do not need to worry about baseband updates , if your device was Pwned at 3.0 or 3.0.1 then you can use PwnageTool to create a 3.1.ipsw and then use this to with iTunes to upgrade and jailbreak your phone .
i Phone 2G ( 1st Generation )
Use PwnageTool to do the magic and then restore with iTunes using your newly created .ipsw ‘ nuff said , you do n’t need to worry about anything , the baseband will be unlocked , the phone jailbroken .
i Pod Touch 1G ( Original iPod Touch )
Use PwnageTool to create a firmware image and restore with that .ipsw using iTunes .
i Pod Touch 2G
Use PwnageTool to create a firmware image and restore with that .ipsw using iTunes , this will only work if you are already Pwned at 3.0 or 3.1 .
If you are at 3.1 , downgrade to 3.0 and use redsn0w to Pwn 3.0 then you have an upgrade path using PwnageTool .
i Pod Touch 3G
At this time PwnageTool does not support this device .
Official Bittorrent Releases -
Unofficial Mirrors
The following links are unofficial download mirrors , you download these at your own risk , we accept no responsibility if your computer explodes or if it becomes part of a NASA attacking botnet or even worse if your hands fall off mid-way during the use of these files .
We do not check these links or archives and we accept no responsibility with regard to the validity of the files , or with other content these links provide or with the content that is on the linked site .
Always check the published SHA1 sums .
We would prefer that you downloaded the official bittorrent release that is linked above , but you are welcome to try these if you really must .
Mirror owners should email direct links only to blog@iphone-dev.org , please do n’t place mirrors in the comments as they will be deleted .
The other day , I was trying to figure out why the paycheck deduction for my health insurance was higher than I had expected .
When I called my insurer to ask what the total premium was , the customer service representative said it was none of my business .
Three - fifths of Americans , the share with employer - provided health insurance , are in the same situation .
Since someone else buys insurance for them , using money they would otherwise receive as wages , they are in no position to shop around and typically do not know the true cost of their coverage .
This disconnect between payment and consumption is one of the central problems with the health care system , contributing to insecurity , rapidly escalating costs , and the general lack of choice and competition .
Yet both Democrats and Republicans insist on preserving it .
Outlining his reforms in September , President Obama reassured the public that " nothing in this plan will require you or your employer to change the coverage … you have . "
In fact , he said employers should be forced to provide health insurance ( or contribute to a fund that subsidizes premiums ) .
Obama presented himself as the protector of job - based medical coverage against those " on the right " who " argue that we should end employer - based systems and leave individuals to buy health insurance on their own . "
That approach , he warned , represents " a radical shift that would disrupt the health care most people currently have . "
Yet the Republicans , whose last president and last presidential candidate both proposed eliminating the tax incentives that encourage employers to offer insurance in lieu of higher pay , seem to have abandoned that idea .
In fact , one of their main complaints about Obama 's plan was that it would reduce the number of Americans covered through their jobs .
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R - Ky . ) warned that one Democratic health care bill " would cause 10 million people with employer - based insurance to lose the coverage they have . "
The Republican National Committee claimed " over 88 million people " who are covered through work " would lose current insurance under government - run health care . "
It 's no mystery why each party portrays the other as bent on destroying employment - based medical coverage .
A large majority of people who have such insurance are happy with it .
According to a recent Zogby poll , 77 percent of Americans oppose " taxing employer - provided health care benefits . "
Yet it 's the tax - free status of those benefits that favors them over cash compensation , maintaining a bizarre system in which most Americans get their health insurance — unlike their car , life , or homeowner 's insurance — through their employers .
As a result , they are insulated from the actual price of their insurance and are more likely to have plans with low deductibles that cover routine medical expenses as well as large , unpredictable costs .
In choosing among providers , drugs , and treatments , they have little incentive to economize and usually do not even know the relative costs of their options .
The artificial dominance of job - based plans , along with misguided restrictions on where insurers can sell policies and what types of coverage they can offer , has stunted the development of alternatives .
Even so , the price difference between the job - based and individual insurance markets suggests the savings that are possible when people decide how to spend their own money .
In 2007 the average annual premium for nongroup health insurance was about $ 2,600 for single - person coverage and $ 5,800 for family coverage , compared to $ 4,500 and $ 12,100 , respectively , for job - based plans .
In addition to enhancing competition and controlling costs , cutting the link between employment and insurance would relieve the insecurity many Americans feel about going without coverage when they lose or leave their jobs .
Obama is right that such reform would be " a radical shift " — radical in the sense that it goes to the root of the health care mess .
Senior Editor Jacob Sullum ( jsullum@reason.com ) is a syndicated columnist .
© Copyright 2009 by Creators Syndicate Inc .
Parsing a List of Key - Value Pairs Using Spirit .
Qi By Hartmut Kaiser
One of the goals of this blog is to provide shrink wrapped solutions for small everyday parsing and output generation problems .
We hope to show how Spirit may be used to simplify the life for you as a C++ programmer related to data conversion problems from some external representation to your internal data structures and vice versa .
One of the tasks often to be solved is to parse arbitrary key / value pairs delimited by some separator into a std:: map .
Parsing the URL query format is one example : key1 =value1 ; key2=value2 ;…; keyN=valueN , and that ’s what I would like to provide a reusable solution for .
Let ’s start with the corresponding grammar ( written using the notation of Parsing Expression Grammars ) :
query ← pair ( ( ' ; ' / '& ' ) pair ) * pair ← key ( ' = ' value ) ?
key ← [ a - zA - Z_ ] [ a - zA - Z_0 - 9 ] * value ← [ a - zA - Z_0 - 9 ] +
We assume that a key has to start with any letter or an underscore , but otherwise might consist of letters , digits or underscores .
A value can not be empty and may consist of letters , digits or underscores only as well .
Further , we assume a query to be a sequence of at least one pair delimited by semicolons ( ‘ ;’ ) or ampersands ( ‘ &’ ) , and a pair to be a sequence of a mandatory key optionally followed by a ‘ =’ and a value .
Converting any Parsing Expression Grammar ( PEG ) into an equivalent grammar for Spirit .
Qi is a purely mechanical step .
Let me provide the result first and explain some of the details later on :
query = pair >> *(( qi::lit ( ' ; ') | ' &' ) >> pair ) ; pair = key >> -( '=' >> value ) ; key = qi::char_ ( " a - zA - Z_ " ) >> * qi::char_ ( " a - zA - Z_0 - 9 " ) ; value = + qi::char_ ( " a - zA - Z_0 - 9 " ) ;
All differences we see are caused by limitations of the C++ language Spirit has to live with .
Direct juxtaposition is expressed using the right shift operator ( ‘>>’ ) , postfix operators as the Kleene Star ( ‘*’) and the Plus ( ‘+’) are moved to the front of the corresponding expression and written as prefix operators , and the optional operator ( question mark ) is rewritten using the unary minus ( ‘-‘ ) .
Otherwise the two grammars look fairly similar .
The char_ is a predefined Qi parser primitive matching exactly one character based on the description provided as its argument .
The lit is very similar to char_ except that it does not expose the matched value as its attribute .
The next required step is to understand what attribute type each of our defined grammar rules should expose .
These attribute types will allow us to map the external representation onto the internal C++ types we will use to store the parsing results .
Let us store the keys and the values as std:: string ’s ( assuming we have to deal with narrow character representations ) .
The result of a parsed key / value pair can be conveniently stored into a std : : pair < std :: string , std:: string >.
Finally , the overall result of parsing the query string should be stored into a std : : map<std::string , std::string >.
This knowledge allows to write the declaration of our rule variables as used above :
qi::rule < Iterator , std : : map<std::string , std::string >( ) > query ; qi::rule < Iterator , std : : pair < std :: string , std::string >( ) > pair ; qi::rule < Iterator , std::string ( ) > key , value ;
The type qi::rule <> is a predefined non-terminal parser provided by Spirit usable for storing the grammar definitions above .
We need to provide the iterator type of the underlying input data ( Iterator ) and the attribute type , which is the type of the data the rule is supposed to store its parsed data in .
A word about the unusual function declaration syntax used to specify the attribute type of the rule .
Non-terminals in recursive descent parsers can be seen as being very similar to functions .
They return a value , their ( synthesized ) attribute , while they optionally may take arguments , their ( inherited ) attributes .
Spirit uses the function declaration syntax in order to emphasize this similarity .
In the beginning I promised to provide a shrink wrapped solution , so what ’s still left is to encapsulate the whole functionality .
Again Spirit has some recommended way of doing that : grammar < >’s .
Spirit grammar ’s are special non-terminals acting as containers for one or more rules allowing to encapsulate more complex parsers :
namespace qi = boost : : spirit:: qi ; template < typename Iterator > struct keys_and_values : qi::grammar <Iterator , std:: map<std::string , std::string >( ) > { keys_and_values ( ) : keys_and_values ::base_type(query ) { query = pair >> *(( qi::lit ( ' ; ') | ' &' ) >> pair ) ; pair = key >> -( '=' >> value ) ; key = qi::char_ ( " a - zA - Z_ " ) >> * qi::char_ ( " a - zA - Z_0 - 9 " ) ; value = + qi::char_ ( " a - zA - Z_0 - 9 " ) ; } qi::rule < Iterator , std : : map<std :: string , std::string >( ) > query ; qi::rule < Iterator , std : : pair < std :: string , std::string >( ) > pair ; qi::rule < Iterator , std::string ( ) > key , value ; } ;
The derivation from Qi ’s grammar type converts the keys_and_values type into a parser .
Its member rules define a grammar which makes it usable for recognizing URL query strings .
The base class constructor gets passed the start rule , which is the top most rule of the grammar to be executed when the grammar is invoked .
The type keys_and_values has a template parameter allowing to utilize this grammar with arbitrary iterator types .
The last missing code piece shows how to invoke the newly created parser .
std::string input (" key1=value1 ;key2;key3=value3 " ) ; // input to parse std::string ::iterator begin = input.begin( ) ; std::string::iterator end = input.end ( ) ; keys_and_values <std::string::iterator > p ; // create instance of parser std :: map<std::string , std::string > m ; // map to receive results bool result = qi::parse ( begin , end , p , m ) ; // returns true if successful
The function qi::parse ( ) is one of Spirit ’s main API functions .
In the simplest case it takes a pair of iterators pointing to the input sequence to parse ( begin , end ) , an instance of the parser to invoke ( p ) , and the attribute instance to be filled with the converted data ( m ) .
This function executes the actual parsing operation and returns true if it was successful .
The fact that attributes of certain types are getting filled on the fly might look like magic to you , or you might think I left out some essential code snippets .
But neither it is magic nor did I leave out anything .
In Spirit .
Qi all parser components ( such as char_ or lit ) expose specific attribute types and all compound parsers ( such as sequences and alternatives ) implement well defined rules for attribute propagation and merging .
Our example uses the knowledge about these rules , and if you want to understand how this works in more detail , please refer to Spirit ’s documentation .
Here is an example : as you might expect char_ exposes the matched character as its attribute .
The Kleene Star ( ‘*’) and the Plus ( ‘+’) are compound parsers collecting the attributes of their embedded parser in a ( STL compatible ) container ( in our case a std : : string , which is a container of char ) .
The non-terminal rule normally inherits the attribute of the parser expression on the right hand side of its assignment .
Last but not least , sequences match the attributes of their elements to the corresponding parts of their attribute data structure .
Since literals ( such as ‘ =’ or lit ( ‘ ;’ ) ) do not expose any attribute , the expression
pair = key >> -( '=' >> value ) ;
naturally combines the two string attributes of key and value into the pair of strings as expected by the non-terminal pair , initializing the attribute of value with an empty string if it is not matched .
If you want to try it out for yourself , the complete source code for this example is available from the Boost SVN here .
In the future this example will be distributed as part of the Spirit distribution , but for now it lives in the SVN only .
Wheat is a critical staple crop , supplying much of the world 's dietary protein .
In 2007 world production was 607 m tonnes , making it the third most - produced cereal after maize and rice .
The grain is used to make breads , biscuits , cakes , breakfast cereal , pasta , noodles , and couscous , and for fermentation to make beer , vodka , and grain alcohol .
Up to now , wheat has not benefited from the application of modern genetic engineering that has revolutionised the farming of maize , cotton , canola and soy .
But that is about to change .
By 2004 , Monsanto , the world 's leader in the production of seeds for genetically - engineered crops , had made substantial progress in the development of genetically - engineered wheat varieties for North America .
But suddenly in that year , the company scrapped its wheat programme , in part because of opposition from North American grain merchants and growers , as well as concerns that some major foreign importers would reject imports of all American wheat because they could be " contaminated " with genetically engineered varieties .
European countries and Japan , which have traditionally imported about 45 % of US wheat exports , have been resistant to genetically engineered crops and food derived from them .
In addition , food manufacturers doubted that the introduction of genetically engineered wheat would lead to a significant improvement in their profits because the cost of wheat is typically only a small fraction of inputs for most processed food products , and food processors were afraid of losing market share if environmental and consumer activists were to organise boycotts of food products containing " biotech " wheat .
For the last 25 years , activists have opposed agricultural biotechnology , in spite of proven environmental , humanitarian and economic successes .
Monsanto's abdication gave competitors outside the US the opportunity to become the first to adopt new technologies for genetically improved and lower cost wheat , relinquishing what could have been a first - mover advantage – the privileged position of the initial occupant of a market segment .
However , American growers and millers have had a change of mind .
In 2006 , a coalition of US wheat industry organisations called for access to genetically - engineered wheat varieties with enhanced traits , and a survey released in February 2009 by the US national association of wheat growers found that more than three - quarters of US farmers wanted access to genetically engineered varieties with resistance to pests , disease , drought and frost .
Such varieties are important as plant scientists and farmers continue to battle diseases such as leaf rust , the world 's most common wheat disease , which can lead to yield loss of up to 20 % .
In Kansas , the heart of the US wheat belt , for example , leaf rust is the most significant pest , in 2007 , it destroyed a shocking 14 % of the wheat crop .
American growers , caught in the middle between the inclinations of some of their largest customers and the developers of new wheat varieties , lost out on substantial benefits when Monsanto opted not to follow through with creating genetically - engineered wheat .
This left the field ( literally and figuratively ) to countries such as Australia and China , which are now ahead in their research and field trials of genetically - engineered wheat .
For example , the German plant science and chemical company Bayer and Australia 's Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation ( CSIRO ) are collaborating to develop wheat varieties with higher yield , more efficient nutrient use and greater tolerance against drought .
These developments are important for several reasons .
Wheat farming is a struggling industry in the US , in large part because it has not received the technological boost from recombinant DNA technology that has benefited the corn and soybean industries .
US wheat acreage is down by about one - third from its peak in the early 1980s , due to reduced profitability compared with alternative crops – in spite of the price of a bag of wheat flour having soared from $ 10 to a peak of $ 36 during the past 36 months .
As a result , the US 's position as a leading wheat exporter has declined over several decades , from a high of 50 % of world exports in 1973 - 74 to only around 20 % currently .
Five years after letting their biotech wheat research program wither , Monsanto recently revealed plans to resurrect it .
The agribusiness company not only announced in July 2009 that it would resume development of genetically engineered wheat varieties , it also further demonstrated its commitment by buying WestBred , a Montana - based wheat - breeding company that specialises in wheat germplasm , the plant 's genetic material .
Greater productivity in wheat farming achieved with improved varieties would confer an important environmental dividend : wheat is the largest crop in the world in terms of area cultivated ( 220 m hectares ) and is the second largest irrigated crop ( each bushel produced requires 11,000 gallons of water on average ) , so enhanced productivity would conserve both farmland and water .
( A more direct approach is being taken by scientists at Egypt 's Agricultural Genetic Engineering Research Institute , who have performed at least five years of field trials of drought - and salt - tolerant wheat created by transferring genes from barley into a local wheat variety . )
Monsanto's volte - face reflects the company 's assessment that the various relevant factors – technology , business , public policy and customer acceptance – had now become favourable , and was spurred by the world food crisis that saw a tripling of the price of wheat and certain other food crops during 2008 .
But it will likely take at least eight years until the first varieties of Monsanto 's genetically - engineered wheat could be commercialised in the United States .
Monsanto and the US wheat industry may already have been relegated to the position of second mover , and whoever wins the race to get desirable genetically engineered wheat varieties to the marketplace will enjoy a strong cost advantage and attract market share in many importing countries .
Henry Miller is a fellow at the Hoover Institution and the author of The Frankenfood Myth .
Colin Carter is professor of agricultural and resource economics at the University of California at Davis
Recently there has been much speculation that the US government will do anything , anything , to rekindle the housing bubble .
Even if that means providing Option ARMs at blue light special prices and hiring Angelo Mozillo as Mortgage Czar ( we hope we are kidding about the latter ) .
Yes , those very same Option ARMs which banks ' balance sheets are still expecting to be neutron bombed by , courtesy of the long gone days when there was private sector mortgage origination risk .
Now that all the mortgage exposure is borne by taxpayers , we decided to analyze how the ARM spread to the traditional 30 Year Mortgage has moved throughout the year .
Somehow we were not surprised that the 30 Yr - 1 Yr ARM spread for Freddie Mac just hit a record wide this past week .
The government is presumably actively encouraging borrowers to approach the GSEs , and using the same NINJA protocols , to ask , nay , demand , an Adjustable Rate Mortgage .
Who cares what happens one year down the line ?
Certainly not the US government which has $ 3 trillion in T - Bills to roll by this time next year .
First , we present a chart of the Freddie 30 Year compared to the Freddie 1 Year ARM for 2009 .
The spread which was at 6 bps at the beginning of the year , after briefly crossing into negative territory in April , has ballooned to a record wide of 60 bps .
The situation in the 5/1 ARM camp is even more obscene : the absolute spread has collapsed from 5.49 % at the beginning of the year to 4.37 % ( and at times being tighter than the corresponding 1 yr ARM spread ) : a 112 bps contraction !
There is no point in charting this .
It is mighty obvious that reading between the lines , and courtesy of the near - vertical yield curve , Uncle Sam is pushing every deadbeat " homeowner " in foreclosure to go ahead and get a mortgage with FNM and FRE .
And not just any mortgage , but a 1 or 5/1 ARM if possible .
Did we learn anything from the subprime bubble and subsequent collapse in housing ?
Not a thing ... except how to get the US taxpayer to pay for it all when it collapse the next time around .
Another observation is the spread tightening between the 10 Year TSY and the 30 Year Freddie Fixed as well as the 1 year ARM .
What is notable is the near 1.000 R2 that lasted thru late May , followed by a very dramatic divergence in spreads at that time .
Did the government have a closed door meeting in early June informing the GSEs they are now supposed to peddle ARM mortgages to anything with a pulse and a signature ?
That sure did not work out too well for New Century and all of its peers .
As we progress into 2010 keep an eye out on this divergence .
In its " all in " gamble to get every renter back to homeownership status , the ARM spread , both absolute and relative , will be the most indicative light of just how much money the Fed and the administration are willing to burn in order to extend and pretend until there is nothing left to either extend or pretend .
Last but not least , also keep an eye out on underlying core interest rates .
While the move in the Treasury curve is a whole new topic altogether , from here on out near term rates can only blow out ( zero is a hard bottom ) .
This will likely wreak some major havoc on not only the current and future ARM contingent , but the fixed mortgage population .
Observe that the 30 year Freddie has not budged since the beginning of the year : it started the year off at 5.01 % and is now at 4.94 % .
This has occurred even as the 10 year has blown out from 2.21 % on January 8 to 3.75 $ today : a massive 154 basis points .
It appears the 30 year Fixed ( wholesale or otherwise ) is the primary bastion behind which the mortgage vigilantes are fortified : if they can retain it , look for the next round of action to happen in the 1 Yr ARM and 5/1 ARM arena .
And for those who are interested in some of the regime change observations form a macro perspective , the chart below demonstrates just why it is that mortgage securitizations may not be all the lucrative or even interesting to securitizers going forward : the key take home from this chart is that while the Mortgage spread return as a percentage of total return has collapsed from 40 bps to sub 20 bps , so has securitization , and for a reason .
Remember : securitization is merely a massively leveraged way to express an " off balance sheet " bet .
If you assume that leverage multiple was between 20 - 40 x , the potential return has been cut in half from 8 - 16 % down to 4 - 8 % .
At these return expectations , investors are willing to put money into HY and other fixed income funds ( and judging by mutual fund flows , are actively doing so ) .
The Fed has singlehandedly eliminated the " risk " in the mortgage market , and as long as it continues intervening in it , will make the much needed resecuritization phenomenon impossible .
Bernanke has created the biggest Catch 22 imaginable , guaranteeing that the longer the Fed continues in being the market in mortgages , the less likely it is that the private sector will ever get involved .
SEOUL ( Reuters ) - North Korea called for an end to hostile ties with the United States and an atomic - free peninsula in a New Year message that comes weeks after it indicated it could end its year - long boycott of nuclear disarmament talks .
North Korea has made similar pledges before and analysts have cautioned it may call for separate discussions on formally establishing diplomatic ties with the United States before it agrees to resume the six - country nuclear talks .
“ The fundamental task for ensuring peace and stability on the Korean peninsula and in the rest of Asia is to put an end to the hostile relationship between the DPRK ( North Korea ) and the USA , ” the official news agency KCNA said in a report of a joint newspaper editorial on North Korea ’s foreign policy stance .
“ It is the consistent stand of the DPRK to establish a lasting peace system on the Korean peninsula and make it nuclear - free through dialogue and negotiations . ”
The 1950 - 53 Korean War ended with a ceasefire , and no formal peace treaty has ever been reached between the U.S. - led U.N. forces that fought with the South against North Korean and Chinese forces .
U.S. President Barack Obama wrote a personal letter to North Korean leader Kim Jong - il this month to try to persuade Pyongyang to return to nuclear disarmament talks .
It was delivered by the first official envoy his administration has sent to Pyongyang .
The North responded to the visit by indicating it could return to the dormant , six - way nuclear discussions with China , Japan , Russia , South Korea and the United States .
SANCTIONS BLOW
Destitute and isolated North Korea a year ago stepped away from a deal in those talks to halt its nuclear program in exchange for massive aid and an end to its international ostracism .
It was hit with fresh U.N. sanctions for a nuclear test it conducted in May .
These delivered a heavy blow to its already staggering economy , which may put pressure on it to make concessions .
The United States and others want North Korea at least to return to an agreement it walked away from to take apart its aging Yongbyon nuclear plant , which makes plutonium for weapons , and let international inspectors back into the country .
North Korea has exploded two nuclear devices but has yet to show it has a working nuclear bomb .
Experts doubt the North has the ability to miniaturize an atomic weapon to place on a missile , but it has been trying to develop such a warhead .
Nuclear weapons are seen by North Korea as the crowning achievement of leader Kim Jong - il ’s “ military first ” rule that have prevented a U.S. invasion .
Few analysts expect that he will ever give them up .
“ North has absolutely no interest in normalizing relations with the United States .
As soon as the North does that , it loses all reason to exist , ” said B.R. Myers , an expert on the North ’s ideology at Dongseo University .
“ As soon as people think it is possible to get along with America , they will ask themselves why they need a ‘ military first ’ policy . , ” Myers said in a recent interview .
North Korea lays out its policy priorities in the New Year ’s editorials published in its official media .
This year , it repeated pledges to rebuild its economy and turn the state into a “ strong and prosperous nation ” .
Leader Kim , who is often silent in the North ’s media , made a rare statement in which he mentioned his economic goals and a traditional Korean folk song called “ Arirang ” .
“ When the people ’s living standards are decisively improved , hooray for socialism and singing of Arirang of prosperity can ring out louder across the country and the gate to a prosperous nation be opened , ” Kim was quoted as saying .
At two years old they are fully grown and weigh in around 40 - 65 lb and are around knee height at 12 - 16 in tall .
They can live for up to 18 years , but make popular pets as they are low maintenance , quiet and surprisingly clean .
CHAMPAIGN – The Graduate Employees Organization ( GEO ) at the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign has been engaged in a hard fought struggle to establish adequate compensation for its members .
GEO , local 6300 of the Illinois Federation of Teachers / AFT , represents nearly 2,700 teaching and graduate Assistants at the University of Illinois in Urbana - Champaign .
Members of GEO teach nearly a quarter of the total course load at the University and nearly half of the lower - level undergraduate courses are solely directed by graduate TAs .
Yet , many graduate employees are compensated below a level that even the University considers a “ living wage . ”
The union has been in contract negotiations with the administration since April , and its members have been working without a contract since August 15th .
Demands for adequate compensation by the union have been thwarted by an administration clearly unwilling to acknowledge and compensate employees who are vital to the University ’s mission .
In light of these frustrations , the GEO membership has voted overwhelmingly to authorize a strike .
The vote began on the evening of November 4th following a standing - room - only general membership meeting that overflowed the hall .
The results of the vote were announced on the 9th , with 92 % of membership voting in favor of the strike authorization .
Numerous letters of support and statements of solidarity have been issued from various academic units within the University as well as from campus organizations .
GEO public relations officer Peter Campbell called the results “ a clear mandate to call a strike at any time . ”
Indicating the GEO ’s desire to come to a reasonable settlement in contract negotiations , Campbell noted , “ We ’ve sent a letter asking the administration to meet this week .
We are interested in resolving this through negotiation . ”
At the general membership meeting , GEO members resoundingly rejected the administration ’s recent proposal of a $ 600 / year raise for the lowest paid employees that would be realized over three years .
The administration ’s proposal also included language that would allow the furlough of graduate employees .
An earlier version of the administration ’s proposal had even called for “ pay in kind ” , where housing and meal vouchers would be used as compensation rather than salaries .
Such pay in kind harkens to the practice of employers issuing “ company scrip ” to workers , which could only be used to purchase products from the company - owned stores .
GEO has proposed language that would protect the past practice of tuition waivers for graduate employees , however the administration did not include any such language in their proposal .
Tuition waivers are more than simply a benefit to graduate employees .
They make advanced education accessible to students who would otherwise lack the means to afford such opportunities .
The U of I administration has a history of corruption , the revelation of which has led to the recent resignations of both its president as well as the chancellor of the university system .
Mysterious “ discretionary funds ” have been tapped for scholarships to well - connected yet mediocre students as well as for salaries for well - connected newly hired employees .
Yet , at the bargaining table the administration claims that no money is available to raise the salaries of the lowest paid graduate employees to a living wage .
The minimum salary for a TA or GA is $ 13,430 , yet the U of I Office of Student Financial Aid lists a figure just over $ 16,000 as the minimum annual cost of living for a graduate student .
“ The administration is taking advantage of the economic crisis to argue that they do n’t have the money to provide grad employees with a living wage , and they ’d be happy to use that argument for all of their lower - paid workers , but it really does n’t hold water , ” said Campbell .
Campbell cited the latest projections for the U of I budget which is slated to increase by 1.1 % from the previous year .
In fact , for the 2009 fiscal year , revenues from tuition increased by 14.5 % .
Even in light of the recession , private donations to the university increased 2.6 % and income from the university ’s endowment increased by 5 % from the previous fiscal year .
The GEO ’s demands for a living wage would constitute only a fraction of one percent of the total budget .
Work on a West Virginia wind power project was halted by a federal judge who sided with environmentalists ’ claim that the project would harm the endangered Indiana bat .
The judge , Roger Titus , issued the order Tuesday .
Two environmental groups said that the 119 - turbine Beech Ridge project in Greenbrier County was a danger to the bats and that the developers had not obtained a federal permit that is required when landowners , companies , state or local governments build projects that might harm wildlife listed as endangered or threatened .
As we all know there is a tension in the White House 's economic team on jobs creation vs deficit reduction .
In the previous few weeks Geithner was considering using the repaid TARP money to pay down the deficit .
However , there has been a HUGE push back from the Congress that that TARP funds should be used for MAIN STREET .
In the last few days it appears that the White House has been listening to Congress and Main street .
According to CNN Obama is going announce in his big speech that he will push Congress to use $ 200 billion from TARP for job creation .
It will be broken down to infrastructure jobs , small business loans , etc .
The details will be in the speech .
Before this announcement , top Democrats have been urging the White House to do this very thing .
http://thehill.com/...
A senior Democrat said Congress is more likely to pass a job creation bill this year if President Barack Obama endorses using bailout money to pay for it .
Rep. Chris Van Hollen ( D - Md. ) , assistant to the Speaker and chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , said in an interview with The Hill on Friday that the House is " poised " to pass a jobs bill , but Obama 's backing is needed to get it through the Senate and shore up support in the House .
Well apparently Obama is going to do just that .
Geithner himself is on board as well .
In an interview on Political Captial with Al Hunt , Geithner was asked about TARP funds being used for jobs creation and he said yes .
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/...
The Rotten Elder - Geek Game of the Year Award is awarded to the worst of the worst .
The vilest of the vile .
These are the games , the game makers and the members of the game media that particularly irritated us more than anyone or anything else this year .
It ’s a very personal award , as one comes from each member of the staff , but that ’s what makes this award so important .
These are the offenders that need to be brought to the light , with some being more obvious than others .
Without further ado , here are your 2009 inexcusables .
— — — — —
Randy Yasenchak
Let it be known that I love zombies .
I love zombie films .
I love zombie books .
I love zombie video games .
And I ’m not going to lie , it all stemmed from Resident Evil .
But this year ’s Resident Evil 5 missed the mark so badly , it seemed as though Capcom was n’t pointing in the right direction … and they were n’t in the firing range .
They were somewhere out in the parking lot playing trying to pick up women based on their high school football stories .
Resident Evil 5 is the video game equivalent to Star Wars : Episode 1 .
Expectations were mile - high but the delivery was clumsy and the whole thing was directed by someone who forgot what made the original entries series so groundbreaking .
Also , both have annoying and vaguely racially offensive digital characters .
And please , let us never forget the most ridiculous item management system of the year .
— — — — —
Landry Walker
I ’m totally going to bag on Resident Evil 5 here , even though Randy beat me to the punch .
To be fair to the title , I did n’t like Resident Evil 4 either .
I love shooters .
Shooting things makes me happy .
But the original Resident Evil games , in their original fixed camera style , make for an unmatched survival horror experience .
For me , that is .
I feel I have to clarify that particular point , because by now someone is probably sharpening a knife somewhere .
Anyway , I just do n’t understand why this game is called Resident Evil .
Re-title the game and re-name the lead character and drop any mention of Umbrella , and I ’ll probably have a different opinion .
This should tell you just how much weight you should put in said opinion .
Because if I ever get past my petty bias , I might enjoy the game for what it is .
Who knows ?
— — — — —
Kipp Pietrantonio
My Rotten EGGY
Goes to all third party developers for not taking advantage of the Wii ’s huge user base for another year .
It seems to me that it would be a given to make a first person Jedi and Harry Potter game on the Wii , yet here we are going onto the 4th year of the Wii ’s life , an these things still do not exist .
I can only imagine that the sword in Red Steel 2 is a lightsaber for so long .
Nintendo will be unable to support this console on their own , and shovelware games do nothing for the industry .
I believe the casual base that the Wii has established can be the greatest tool in ridding the world of the stigma that video games has , and third party developers have decided to cash in and squander this opportunity instead of pushing our hobby forward .
— — — — —
Robin Meijer
My Rotten EGGY for 2009 goes to Nintendo .
In my opinion , the best thing that can ever happen in an industry is competition .
Nintendo has been so incredibly successful in serving a more ‘ casual ’ audience , that it is playing in a league of it ’s own … and unfortunately , this has resulted in Nintendo no longer having to ‘ fight ’ for a userbase .
This in turn , has led to a lack of innovation from Nintendo itself and if the platform ’s owner does n’t push the envelope , who will ?
I believe there is enough potential for the Wii to be a gaming platform similar to the 360 and PS3 but Nintendo is not taking the steps necessary for it to even compete with either .
Therefore , I wish to present them with my Rotten EGGY … not for being so successful ( you ca n’t argue with a winner ) , but for failing to take the opportunity to really start a new era in console gaming .
— — — — —
Vincent Lam
I ’m giving the Rotten EGGY award to the New York Times for awarding Natal one of the best inventions of 2009 despite the fact that it ’s still in its beta phase of development .
Microsoft ’s Natal was only shown in two major video game conventions and demoed to the mass media behind closed doors with developers of the product holding their hands during the whole demonstration .
Out of the whole list of 50 best inventions ; Microsoft ’s Natal was the only one that ’s conceptual and not fully realized .
With Microsoft ’s history , one would suspect money was slipped under the table for this achievement .
— — — — —
Eliot Hagen
I ’ve had to review some pretty bad stuff this year and while some might consider Damnation ( a game that put the developer ’s out of business within a few months after its release ) to be the worst game of the year , I have to give my Rotten EGGY to Tony Hawk : Ride .
While my expectations could not have been lower , I did n’t think that I was gonna be suckered into buying another overprice piece of plastic .
As I said in my review , Ride effectively killed the Tony Hawk franchise in its foolhardy pursuit of the pot of gold known as ‘ realism . ’
But at least I can still play my older THPS titles .
— — — — —
Gavin Greene
I bequeath my first annual Rotten EGGY Award to those responsible for the dissolution of Six Days in Fallujah .
A split condemnation of the protesters who vehemently railed against a game without seeing a screenshot , the newscasters that eagerly took up the chance to sensationalize our industry yet again , and Konami for dropping the project just months after it assured its continued development .
The latter is an understandable response to perceived stock loss , but such venomous detest coming from seeing a controversial topic , like the Armed Forces ’ 2006 attempt to pacify the titular Iraqi region , being tackled by a video game shows the ugly side of a public still unwilling to accept games as a viable storytelling medium .
We ’ve still got a lot way to go , it seems .
— — — — —
Patrick Feng
My choice for the 2009 Rotten EGGY Award goes to Operation Flashpoint 2 : Dragon Rising .
Although the single - player campaign was a great experience , the multiplayer , which could have been potentially one of the finest of the year , fell short of expectations .
Though its cooperative mode was great in theory , there was a lot of lag and controls took multiple hits for them to respond .
In addition , the lack of dedicated servers added to the turmoil , which contributed to the server crash debacle , which lasted over a week .
Epic Fail on its part , unfortunately .
— — — — —
Sela Davis
My Rotten EGGY this year definitely goes to EA ’s marketing team for Dante ’s Inferno .
While I strongly support the attempt to market it in a different fashion , I ’ve been disappointed twice so far .
The first time was by the huge controversy at Comic - Con this year , where they asked attendees to commit “ acts of lust ” with any and all booth babes at the show .
It was awfully demeaning , and they did n’t limit it to just their own booth babes .
Classy , EA .
In addition , they showed off a demo of their game at the very family - friendly GameX this past year .
While I think that ’s great , they managed to botch the entire situation by allowing anybody and everybody present to play the level based off Lust .
Apparently EA thinks it ’s appropriate to show a topless Cleopatra at a family event .
Unfortunately , this topless Cleopatra felt more like pornography than fine art .
Way to go , EA .
Your marketing team has earned this Rotten EGGY from me , even though I applaud your attempts to bring out more original IP .
— — — — —
Kristie Barber
Hi !
My name is Kristie Barber , staff writer and resident physics nerd here at Elder - Geek.com .
I would like to throw my Rotten EGGY at a potentially EPIC FAIL on Konami ’s part .
Back in June , Konami announced that one of the most unique and challenging music based arcade games would be coming to the Wii : Pop ’n ’ Music .
Needless to say , I was stoked … but there ’s only one problem .
The 9 button control panel was what made the game so unique … and they were n’t using it for the Wii version .
So here ’s hoping Konami gets the hint and wises up : Konami , you ’ve been rotten EGGYed !!!
— — — — —
Jesse Baguchinsky
Kingdom Hearts 358/2
Days took the freedom of exploring the various worlds that the Playstation 2 titles had and crammed them into linear missions .
The missions themselves took a lot of fun out of the game , but when you group that with bland landscapes , a story where nothing significant happens until around the 15 hour mark and the severe lack of characters outside Organization XIII you have a DS game worthy of my Rotten EGGY .
Overall , the game was a huge disappointment and left a lot to be desired .
Also , they could have come up with something better than “ 358/2 Days . ”
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The White House on Sunday sought to preserve the fragile alliance of Democratic liberals and moderates backing broad healthcare reform legislation , with tough decisions looming on abortion and a new government - run insurance program .
Republicans vowed to continue to fight the measure , but admitted they probably were helpless to stop it in the Senate .
Senate Democrats planned a series of crucial procedural votes scheduled to begin at 1 a.m. on Monday , with debate possibly concluding with final Senate passage on Christmas Eve on Thursday .
Asked if Republican senators could do anything to stop the Senate from passing it by Christmas Eve , Republican Senator John McCain told “ Fox News Sunday , ” “ Probably not .
But what we can do is continue winning the battle of American public opinion . ”
The White House predicted that the bill , President Barack Obama ’s top legislative priority , will win final congressional passage , and called it a major achievement even if it does not give Obama and his fellow Democrats everything they want .
“ While it is not perfect , the bill pending in the Senate today is not just good enough -- it is very good , ” Vice President Joe Biden wrote in a New York Times opinion piece .
Democratic holdout Ben Nelson announced his support for the Senate legislation on Saturday after securing language aimed at ensuring federal funds are not used to pay for abortions and winning extra healthcare funds for his home state of Nebraska .
Nelson ’s support gave Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid the 60 votes he needs in the 100 - seat Senate to pass Obama ’s top domestic priority by Christmas .
But Democrats still have a lot of hard work ahead as they look toward ironing out differences between the healthcare bill already passed by the House of Representatives last month and the version Senate Democrats hope to pass this week .
The Senate bill would extend coverage to 30 million uninsured Americans , expand the Medicaid government health insurance program for the poor , provide subsidies to help some people pay for coverage and halt industry practices like refusing insurance to people with pre-existing medical conditions .
House and Senate negotiators will have to work out abortion language that satisfies abortion opponents like Nelson and Representative Bart Stupak without chasing off liberal abortion rights supporters .
Stupak , who pushed more restrictive language on abortion in the House bill , said the compromise Senate language crafted by Nelson was “ not acceptable . ”
PUBLIC OPTION
Democrats must decide on including a government insurance program to compete with private insurers .
Liberals want the “ public option , ” which is in the House bill , but not the Senate one .
And they will have agree on how to fund the reform , with the House and Senate versions taking two different approaches .
Slideshow ( 10 images )
Nelson told CNN ’s “ State of the Union ” program on Sunday that if the final bill that emerges from the House - Senate negotiations includes a public option , he could not vote for it .
He also indicated that if the legislation is paid for the way the House measure proposes , “ That would break it . ”
Democratic Senator Kent Conrad , a fiscal hawk and chairman of the Budget Committee , said the final bill will have to hew closely to the Senate ’s version in order win final passage .
“ Anybody who ’s watched this process can see how challenging it has been to get 60 votes , ” he said on “ Fox News Sunday . ”
Slideshow ( 10 images )
Congress has been tied up for months in acrimonious debate over healthcare reform legislation , with Republicans saying the Democratic measure is too costly and too intrusive into the healthcare sector .
Healthcare costs devour 16 percent of the U.S. economy -- burdening states and the federal government while also hurting the competitiveness of U.S. businesses -- even as tens of millions remain with no public or private health insurance .
White House senior advisor David Axelrod predicted congressional passage but declined to say when he thought the two chambers would iron out their significant differences , or which version he preferred .
“ I think it will pass the Congress , ” Axelrod said on NBC ’s “ Meet the Press . ” “ I think we ’re going to get it done . ”
Republicans said they would continue to erect procedural roadblocks even with Senate passage likely .
More improvements are possible after the bill becomes law , Axelrod said .
The Obama administration will seek to allow Americans to buy prescription drugs that have been imported from other countries such as Canada , where medicines often cost less , he said .
The Senate turned back efforts to include drug re-importation in the healthcare bill .
We do n't normally interview developers the day their game comes out .
And to be fair , we did n't exactly speak to Naughty Dog just now - we 've been sitting on this for a couple of weeks .
But we did speak to them after we 'd made up our minds and given Uncharted 2 : Among Thieves a honking 10 /10 review .
With that in mind , we focused on the decisions behind particular scenes , casting , and anecdotes about the game 's development .
There are some extremely minor spoilers beyond , but nothing you 'll remember as you pelt through the game this weekend .
So , if that sounds good to you , read on to see what lead multiplayer designer Justin Richmond and community manager Arne Meyer have to say for themselves .
Eurogamer :
The story of Uncharted 2 is based on what might have happened during Marco Polo 's journey home from China .
Why did you pick that , and why settle on Shambhala as the game 's big mystery ?
Arne Meyer :
The project is very collaborative .
We do a lot of reading and watch a lot of movies and really try to see what sort of historical events can we use as a platform for our story , because our story , although fictional , is based on real - world events .
So we were brainstorming what sort of things we could use as a platform , and one of the things that came up was Marco Polo , because he kept incredibly detailed diaries and journals of his adventures in East Asia , and there was one particular area where he did n't document what was going on , and that was what happened to the ships on his journey back to Europe - he started with 13 and came back with one .
He never explained what happened , it 's a great mystery and it just kind of resonated with us in terms of where we wanted to go next .
Uncharted : Drake 's Fortune .
Old .
Eurogamer :
Which other stories did you look at for Uncharted 2 ?
Justin Richmond : I do n't think we can tell you because there 's a good chance we might use some of them in the future .
Eurogamer : Uncharted 2 has lots of new characters , most notably Chloe Frazer .
What 's her background and what 's the journey that she 's on ?
Justin Richmond : From the beginning we always wanted - I know Amy [ Hennig , game director ] wanted - Chloe to be a foil for showing not only what Drake could have been if was a little bit darker , but also to play off Elena , because Elena 's the good girl that does the right thing all the time , and the more heroic version of what Drake could be .
But there was never that other side of Drake , which we really wanted to show in this game and it was important for Amy to show that this whole world of treasure hunters is a little seedy , and so we needed a character that was believable and funny , but a little bit darker than Drake and was going to push the boundaries on what was acceptable and what was not .
As far as what her actual backstory is : I 'm not sure we can talk about that much .
Eurogamer : So Chloe was brought in to help show another side to Drake .
Is that going to be a trend when introducing new characters - that they help shine a different light on our hero ?
Arne Meyer :
Well , this game was really important for us to really delve deeper into what Drake 's personality is .
And one of the best ways to do that is to show what kind of personal issues he has , how he acts on those and how he reacts to other people 's independent personalities .
That 's part of the reason the cast of characters grew , so that we could introduce people he could n't trust at all , or people he has to trust implicitly like Temzin who does n't speak English , so they have to trust each other .
And then how he 's like with old friends and how he 's like with colleagues that he has a past with but he 's not sure what the future holds .
Justin Richmond : I do n't think there 's a limit on what the cast can be .
I think we 'll grow in whichever way the story goes that we 're telling ; if it 's 100 people then it 's 100 people , but I do n't think it 's ever going to get that big , and I do n't think we 're ever going to limit ourselves based on that kind of thing .
It 's always going to be about the story that we 're trying to tell and the number of people that we can tell it with .
Uncharted 2 : Among
Thieves .
New .
Eurogamer : Another new character , Harry Flynn , also appears to have a colourful history with Drake .
Can you shed some light on that ?
Justin Richmond :
The big thing that we revealed in this game was that Drake tried to break into this museum before and everybody else had gotten killed .
Basically , with Flynn , we wanted to hint at what their relationship was but not give it away .
Arne Meyer : Really the point was - and it's the same thing with Chloe - that we 're trying to explore the darker area of Drake and that he came up from this underworld and had clearly worked in this underworld .
So it 's who his colleagues were at that point , and that 's really what his relationship [ with Flynn ] is : he had a relationship with these people at time when he was doing things that were a lot more evil than we know him as .
Justin Richmond : Flynn is what Drake would have been if he'd gone another way , right ?
Flynn is ...
Arne Meyer : About greed , about the money .
A recent tweet on the Capcom Unity Twitter has stated that all of the new characters for Super Street Fighter 4 will be unveiled prior to the next Game Developers Conference ( GDC ) next year .
The same Twitter post also says that a GDC Fight Club might also be a possibility .
GDC takes place from March 9 - 13 of next year at San Francisco .
Source : Capcom Unity Twitter
By Jonathan Amos
Science reporter , BBC News
Ancient volcanic activity has shaped the rock under Edinburgh
More details
Ever wondered if there was a volcano under your home ?
Well , now you can find out by using the British Geological Survey 's ( BGS ) new OpenGeoscience portal .
It allows the public to study all the UK 's rocks on a simple Google map , down to a " scale " of 1:50,000 .
Toggling the map shows overlying towns and streets .
A range of educational and professional tools are also brought together on the website , including the huge national geological archive of photographs .
Tens of thousands of images have been amassed into the BGS library over the decades , showing different rock forms around Britain , fossil types , and the impact on the landscape of natural events such as flooding .
The whole archive is now searchable and free to use for non-commercial purposes .
" Even if you have very little geological knowledge , I 'm sure it will be fascinating to zoom into your street and instead of seeing an aerial photograph , see the colourful geology underneath , " said Dr Keith Westhead , head of Information Delivery at the BGS .
" We do n't know all the uses people will put this information to , but what we 're hoping is that they 'll think of new and creative things to do with it . "
The BGS is also releasing some 50,000 pictures in its image library
In pictures : British geology
The map data is also available at the smaller scale of 1:625,000 .
The website allows professional and amateur geologists to pull the information into virtual globe software which enables them to manipulate it further and mesh it with other types of data .
At the 1:50,000 scale , geological details down to about 50 m on the surface can be resolved - essentially street level .
The BGS says this is a world first in terms of releasing country - wide information .
Those who live in Edinburgh , for example , can see how their city is built on top of an ancient volcano .
Glaswegians on the other hand will notice that their city is built on the remains of an ancient tropical forest , evident in the coal measures and fossil trees that can be seen today .
Regular drivers of the M1 motorway between Leicester and Loughborough might be interested to study how their route passes across some of the oldest rocks in England that preserve the remains of soft - bodied animals which once lived in an ancient sea .
And going further south still , the residents of Cornwall can observe how the Lizard Peninsula contains a slice of ancient ocean floor that has been thrust up on to the margin of the continent .
" It 's certainly going to appeal to people who have a strong amateur interest in geology .
It is also a wonderful educational resource , " said Dr Westhead .
Cornwall 's Lizard Peninsula results from a gigantic collision
More details
" It will be very useful for schools and universities to include in their teaching materials .
If they want to show off a fascinating piece of geology - sandstones , granites or quarries - they just need to type that into the search engine and they can pick up hundreds of pictures to use in presentations . "
The archive includes all the iconic rock features you would expect to find - such as the famous Durdle Door sea arch on Dorset 's " Jurassic Coast " - but also some exquisite pictures of fossil forms , many taken in the early 20th Century by the renowned palaeobotanist Robert Kidston .
The digital colour map of the UK has a proud history .
The BGS itself has been making geological maps of Britain for 175 years .
The very first national geological map ( of England and Wales ) was completed in 1815 by William Smith , one of the " founding fathers " of modern geology .
" People like him would have been fascinated I am sure to see what we can do now , " said Dr Westhead .
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Chentouf walked free after serving her time on remand A woman has been jailed for two years after admitting hiding " a mini encyclopaedia of weapons - making " in a USB device in the sleeve of her burka .
Houria Chahed Chentouf , 41 , admitted two counts of possessing documents likely to be useful for a terrorist purpose , at Manchester Crown Court .
The memory stick fell on the floor when she was being interviewed at Liverpool John Lennon Airport on 16 October 2008 .
The Moroccan national walked free from court having served her time on remand .
Chentouf had been stopped at the airport and was being interviewed by officers when the USB pen drive dropped from her clothes .
Martyrdom support
It had been tied to the inner sleeve of her burka , but fell out as she reached down to scratch her leg , prosecutor Simon Denison told the court .
She was released by the airport authorities , but was later arrested at a house she was renting in Reynell Road , Longsight .
Chentouf dropped the memory stick at Liverpool airport
The mother - of - six was charged under the Terrorism Act 2000 with possessing an article which gave rise to suspicions that " the possession was for a purpose connected with the commission , preparation or instigation of an act of terrorism " .
It was described by police as " a mini encyclopaedia of weapons - making " , the court heard .
Evidence was also uncovered from internet chat rooms which indicated her support for those seeking martyrdom .
But Judge Michael Henshell , sentencing , said the Crown had accepted that she had no intention of using the material .
He said Chentouf had " developed an obsessive interest in jihad " .
" Offences of this sort must be sentenced to immediate custody to deter others from behaving as you have , " he said .
The fact she had this documentation in her possession constitutes a serious offence
Det Ch Supt Tony Porter
Despite the huge amount of material found on the pen drive there was " no evidence you intended to pass it on to anybody " , the judge added .
" The Crown accept there was no intention of putting it into practical use , " said the judge .
The court was told that Chentouf suffers from a mental illness which was triggered by the death of a family member and the judge said her behaviour may have been affected by this .
Her culpability was also at the lower end of the scale for the offence , he added .
' Huge quantity ' Chentouf is of dual Moroccan / Dutch nationality and had travelled into Liverpool from her home in The Hague when she was stopped and interviewed .
Six computers were later recovered in the UK and a further four were recovered in The Netherlands .
An external hard drive , other electronic media and a number of other documents were recovered from both addresses .
About 90 % of the material recovered was in Arabic or Dutch and each one had to be translated , which took more than 12,000 man hours .
The USB stick contained about 7,000 documents Chentouf was kept in custody until 31 October 2008 when she was charged under the Terrorism Act .
Speaking after the hearing , Det Ch Supt Tony Porter , of the North West Counter Terrorism Unit , said she had failed to tell officers what the material was for .
" It was the huge quantity that led us to believe that this was not by sheer chance , " said the detective .
" We do know she has got known and established links to extremists abroad and that puts us on notice to be concerned .
" She is on our radar and she will know she is on our radar so I think we are in a better position than we were a year ago . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
# 598333 +( 1670 ) - [ X ] < Rift > i ditch girls for video games all the time
< @monk - work > toggling between your porn window and your gaming window does not qualify as " ditching girls for video games "
Brett Favre 's old Packers teammates have a problem with the QB 's comment that this current Vikings squad is " the best team I 've ever been on . "
Does n't Favre remember the 1996 Packers team that won Super Bowl XXXI ?
" To say that the team he's on now , after seven games , is better than the ' 96 team - that 's just preposterous , " former Packers safety LeRoy Butler told the Milwaukee Journal - Sentinel .
" Not only did we have the No. 1 defense in 1996 , but we had No. 1 special teams . "
As Favre gets set to return to Lambeau for the first time as a visitor , the Journal - Sentinel polled several of Favre 's ex-teammates about which team is better , the ' 96 Packers or the '09 Vikings .
Here 's a sampling of what they said :
Mark Chmura , ex-Packers TE : " I kind of went through the teams position by position and they just are n't as good as we were .
And it all starts with Brett - Brett 's not as good as he was .
...
Do n't get me wrong .
Favre is still a good quarterback , but he was unbelievable in the day .
When we played back then , teams feared us .
I do n't know if teams fear the Minnesota Vikings today . "
: " I kind of went through the teams position by position and they just are n't as good as we were .
And it all starts with Brett - Brett 's not as good as he was .
...
Do n't get me wrong .
Favre is still a good quarterback , but he was unbelievable in the day .
When we played back then , teams feared us .
I do n't know if teams fear the Minnesota Vikings today . "
Santana Dotson , ex-Packers DT : " The ( Vikings ' unrelated ) Williams brothers ( Pat and Kevin ) are two of the better defensive tackles out there right now , but I would not compare them to the defensive line of 1996 .
Gilbert , Reggie White , Sean Jones - Sean had 100 - plus sacks , Reggie had almost 200 .
We were a complete defensive line .
We played 90 % of the snaps .
We were a little more consistent , more of a dominant defense , down in and down out . "
: " The ( Vikings ' unrelated ) Williams brothers ( Pat and Kevin ) are two of the better defensive tackles out there right now , but I would not compare them to the defensive line of 1996 .
Gilbert , Reggie White , Sean Jones - Sean had 100 - plus sacks , Reggie had almost 200 .
We were a complete defensive line .
We played 90 % of the snaps .
We were a little more consistent , more of a dominant defense , down in and down out . "
Ken Ruettgers , ex-Packers LT : " In the spring , during workouts , I came home and told my wife : ' This team is going to the Super Bowl . '
It 's just that feeling you get when you 're around guys who are all putting their own egos on the backburner and coming together for what 's best for the team . "
-- Sean Leahy
Two female winners of this year ’s Nobel prize for Physiology or Medicine have called for more flexibility in working practices to allow women to play a greater role in science .
Elizabeth Blackburn ( pictured left ) and Carol Greider ( pictured right ) told the Associated Press that men and women start their science careers in roughly equal numbers , but women often find themselves unable to advance as far .
They believe this has nothing to do with inherent abilities , but rather the result of science institutions being unwilling to offer flexible career paths to women who have children .
The two suggest that institutions could rectify this by allowing more room for new mothers to work on projects part time , noting that such work is not “ second - rate quality science ” .
They also believe there needs to be active measures taken to address the imbalance , which means women are under - represented in decision - making positions and on influential committees .
Just 15 women have won science - based Nobel prizes , with this year marking a record as Blackburn and Greider are joined by chemistry winner Ada Yonath .
This year ’s award ceremony , taking place on Thursday , will also mark an overall record of five female winners with Herta Muller taking the literature prize and Elinor Ostrom sharing an economics prize .
The latter award has proved controversial with some critics claiming Orstrom ’s work — which considers whether the general population is better placed to regulate environmental issues than government — is more social science than strict economics .
In other Nobel news , the Nobel Foundation has revealed it may have to cut the $ 1.5 million prize for each category for the first time next year .
In line with Alfred Nobel ’s instructions , the Foundation ’s funds are invested in “ safe ” securities to produce the prize money .
The financial crisis of last year left those funds reduced by almost 20 percent , with the Foundation ’s executive director Michael Sohlman saying “ We have sailed the storm , but have taken on some water . ”
The goal of this blog is to generate friendships and share information regarding the promotion and retention of families in the urban center of Cincinnati .
Please comment or send us an email to mike@citykin.com
Thank you for visiting .
Most Americans seem to think that the world leaders gathered at the U.N. Copenhagen climate change summit are simply discussing ways to help improve the environment .
Unfortunately that is not anywhere close to the truth .
The draft of the Copenhagen climate change treaty now circulating would represent a giant step towards a “ world government ” , it would establish brutal new world taxes which would transfer massive amounts of wealth from the United States to other nations , and it would create 700 new bureaucracies to enforce this new treaty .
Not only that , but according to the provisions of the treaty , the United States would never be able to get out of it .
The wording of the treaty makes it crystal clear that no future president , no future Congress and no future U.S. court would be able to extricate the United States from this horrific agreement .
An earlier version of the Copenhagen climate change treaty can be found here .
However , the version of the treaty now being circulated in Copenhagen is not available to the public at this point .
Fortunately , there are some officials who have seen the latest version and who are willing to speak out .
One of them is Lord Christopher Monckton – a former official in the Thatcher administration .
We already knew that the Copenhagen Treaty was going to be incredibly bad , but according to Lord Monckton it is going to be even worse than we anticipated .
So just what is this horrific treaty going to do ?
#1 ) A World Government
The Copenhagen Treaty is going to be a gigantic step towards world government .
Lord Monckton recently said the following about what the drafters of this treaty are trying to do …..
“ Once again they are desperately trying to conceal from everybody here the magnitude of what they ’re attempting to do – they really are attempting to set up a world government . ”
The wording of the treaty creates governmental bodies with a vast array of power over environmental affairs .
The treaty gives these new governmental bodies tremendous power over the lives of every man , woman and child on earth .
It even grants these new governmental authorities authority over the U.S. government and the U.S. Constitution .
When you have world governmental authorities that can micromanage the smallest details of our lives and that can trump the U.S. Congress and the U.S. Constitution , what do you have ?
World government .
# 2) Brutal New World Taxes
The Copenhagen Treaty will also establish crushing new taxes which will further devastate the economy of the United States and which will transfer massive amounts of wealth to developing nations .
This is what Lord Monckton had to say about the taxes in the Copenhagen Treaty …..
“ Tax the American economy to the extent of 2 percent GDP , to impose a further tax of 2 percent on every financial transaction …. and to close down effectively the economies of the west , transfer your jobs to third world countries – all of that is still in the treaty draft . ”
To illustrate just how massive these new taxes would be , he pointed out that they would amount to at least half of the entire U.S. defense budget .
That is huge .
So where would all of this money go ?
It would be transferred to third world nations to help them build “ green ” economies and it would go towards running the new socialist world governmental bodies .
This would be a blow that the U.S. economy may never recover from .
Already the U.S. economy is coming apart like a house of cards .
What would these new taxes do to it ?
# 3) Creation Of 700 New Bureaucracies To Enforce The Treaty
According to Lord Monckton , the Copenhagen Treaty will create 700 new bureaucracies to enforce the provisions of the agreement …..
“ We ’re looking at a grab for absolute power and absolute financial control worldwide by the UN and its associated bureaucracies and 700 new bureaucratic bodies . ”
This would not mean 700 new officials .
This would mean 700 new bureaucracies .
700 new organizations that would be crawling all over the world micromanaging the lives of every man , woman and child – making sure that they are adhering to the edicts of the new environmental world laws .
Lastly , perhaps the most ominous provision of this treaty is that it states that once a nation has signed on to it , it may not ever cancel its membership without the approval of all the other member nations .
Do you understand what that means ?
It means that unless every single other nation agrees , the United States can never , ever get out of it .
Ever .
No future president would be able to do anything .
No future Congress would be able to do anything .
The United States of America would be under the thumb of this treaty forever .
We would be obligated to pay their world taxes forever .
We would be obligated to transfer our wealth to other nations forever .
We would be obligated to submit to the extremist regulations of world environmental bodies forever .
Are you starting to get the picture ?
Three companies want to build massive dairy farms in the Mackenzie Basin , where cows would live in " cubicle " stables most of the time .
Opponents warn the plan will tarnish New Zealand 's environmental reputation .
Proposals by the three companies for resource consents for 16 new dairy farm developments managing nearly 18,000 cows housed in cubicle stables are before Environment Canterbury ( ECan ) .
Under the plans , cows will be confined in cubicle stables 24 hours a day for eight months of the year , from March to October , and allowed outside for 12 hours a day from November to February .
The Green Party says the applications for land around the southern end of Lake Ohau and near Omarama mark the dawn of a new age of dairy farming in New Zealand .
" We 've seen the dairy intensification happening and now we 're into industrial factory dairy farming , pure and simple , " co-leader Russel Norman told The Press .
If the proposals went ahead , vast amounts of cow urine and faeces would be discharged on to land daily , threatening pristine high country lakes and rivers with pollution and algal blooms .
Using Environment Waikato data that cows produced 15 times more waste than humans , it would be " like building a city for 270,000 people in the Mackenzie Basin and having them crap on the ground " , Norman said .
" They are applying for effluent storage ponds to store 400 million litres of effluent and want to release 1.7 m litres of that to land a day . "
Federated Farmers dairy chairman Lachlan McKenzie said cows being kept in cubicle stables was " not like pigs in a sow crate " .
There were different designs but generally cows could sleep in their own cubicle and move into the stable or outside to feed and socialise .
The Mackenzie Country applications , which give environmental consultants Mitchell Partnerships in Dunedin as their address , have been made by :
Southdown Holdings , for six dairy farms with up to 7000 cows ;
Five Rivers , for seven dairy farms with up to 7000 cows ; and
Williamson Holdings , for three dairy farms with up to 3850 cows .
The first set of resource consent applications for water takes for irrigation are being heard now , and the second set for the effluent discharges are open for public submissions until December 18 .
Norman said keeping cows in cubicle stable they did not leave for eight months was a " radical departure from our tradition of farming stock outside and on pasture " .
It could do " immense harm to our clean , green international brand " and was extremely concerning from the animal welfare perspective .
" Fonterra counters food - miles arguments from European competitors by saying our milk products are more environmentally friendly than factory - farmed milk .
" This proposal flies in the face of that strategy .
" They are doing this , I presume , because it is cold and such inhospitable dairy country .
But it is stupid – it is iconic brown - tussock country , extremely valuable to tourism .
People do not travel around the world to look at factory farms . "
Agriculture Minister David Carter said he wanted New Zealand 's special landscapes to be maintained .
" I am concerned about the proliferation of dairying in fragile environments .
They should n't be allowed to proceed unless we can be sure they can mitigate any adverse environment effects .
" On the other aspect , providing it adheres to acceptable animal welfare standards , I do n't think there are issues there , " Carter said .
McKenzie said it was " rubbish " of the Greens to suggest the cows would be confined to a cubicle , he said .
" It 's a bit rich for the Greens because they are telling people that should have these sorts of homes for stock to keep them off pastures .
" You collect the nitrogen on concrete , put it into a bunker and then spread the nutrients very lightly across the paddock so the grass can fully utilise it so you do n't have the leachate into a normal grazing situation .
From an environmental point of view they are trying to do the right thing . "
- The Press
The German newspaper " Die Welt " has described Bulgaria 's EU Commissioner - Designate Jeleva as a " gangster 's bride for the EU " .
Photo by BGNES
The German newspaper Die Welt published Monday a profile article on Bulgaria ’s EU Commissioner - Designate Rumiana Jeleva terming her “ a gangster ’s bride for the EC ” .
The article of journalist Stefanie Bolzen ( available HERE in German ) states that the current Bulgarian Foreign Minister Jeleva has made a staggering career but describes her husband as a member of the mafia .
The article says that Jeleva ’s nomination for EU Commission for International Cooperation , Humanitarian Aid , and Crisis Prevention is set for trouble in the January hearings at the European Parliament , and the trouble will be not just for Jeleva but for the entire Commission .
“ I was not born a politician , and I will not die a politician , ” the article quotes the Bulgarian Foreign Minister as saying .
Yet , according to the author , Jeleva is not so calm at all as she is already expecting with lots of tension the afternoon of January 12 , 2010 , when she is going to have her hearing at the EP .
Some of the MEPs are reported to be eager to “ grill ” the Bulgarian Foreign Minister , the candidate sent to Brussels by the Bulgarian Prime Minister Boyko Borisov , over the rumors about her husband .
According to Die Welt , Jeleva is rumored to be “ incompetent and spiteful ” , and EC President Jose Manuel Barroso would very much love to retain the outgoing Bulgarian Commissioner Meglena Kuneva instead of taking Jeleva on board .
The journalist says that Jeleva ’s husband , Krasimir Jelev , has been rumored to have been involved in dealings with the Russian mafia along Bulgaria ’s Black Sea coast .
“ If my husband has anything to do with the gray economy in Bulgaria , then he is the only gangster who takes the public transport to work , and does the dishes at home , ” Jeleva is quoted as saying laughing in an interview for Die Welt .
The articles points out that there have been no concrete evidence of illegal activities against Krasimir Jelev .
It further explains that Krasimir Jelev works for the Central Cooperation Bank , which is part of the empire of the Varna - based corporation TIM – a business group which rumors have accused of many things such as money laundering – but no one has managed to provide any convincing evidence of that .
Die Welt mentions the recent call of Daniel Cohn - Bendit , the leader of the Greens in the European Parliament , for Jeleva to clarify the issues regarding the rumors about her , or else face a very tough hearing at the EP .
“ Thank God , I do not belong to the communist nomenclature , my parents were not communists , I am a self - made person , ” the Bulgarian Commissioner - Designate is quoted as saying , while the article also mentions she has worked as a lecturer at the University of Magdeburg in Germany , teaching EU studies .
The article further describes Jeleva as a woman who knows what she wants but who also does not like admitting defeats when they happen .
In her interview for Die Welt , she is cited as saying she herself picked her new portfolio , which wields little prestige in Brussels , but later admits she wanted the portfolio of EU Neighborhood Policy – something she could not get since Barroso merged it with the Enlargement portfolio .
In addition , there is the fact that the Bulgarian designate was in conflict of interests over the bids for EU membership of its neighbors Turkey and Macedonia .
The article concludes that in January it will become clear whether Jeleva is going to get the position for which she is aspiring .
The publication of Die Welt comes some two weeks after the leaders of the Greens EP Group , Daniel Cohn - Bendit , and of the EPP , Joseph Daul , mentioned at separate press conferences that there were discrediting rumors about Jeleva and the activities of her husband circulating in the European institutions , and questioning her suitability for EU Commissioner on those grounds .
EPP leader Daul has expressed the European People ’s Party support for Jeleva ’s bid .
If there was any doubt Rand Paul is a serious candidate for the Republican Senate nomination in Kentucky it can be cast away .
Paul is , as the conventional wisdom suggests , drawing his strongest support from Republicans who are unhappy with their party .
He has a 54 - 22 lead over Grayson with voters who are unhappy with the GOP in Congress and a 54 - 18 advantage with folks who think the party 's grown too liberal .
His support is broader than that though - he has a 40 - 25 lead even with people who like the job Republicans in Congress are doing and a 38 - 28 advantage with ones who are comfortable with where their party is ideologically .
Despite Paul 's early advantage this race could change a lot between now and the election , primarily because neither of the candidates are all that well known at this point .
A plurality do n't know enough about Paul to have formed an opinion of him and a majority have no feelings one way or the other yet toward Grayson .
Among those who do have perceptions formed about them 39 % view Paul favorably to 13 % unfavorable and 22 % view Grayson favorably to 15 % unfavorable .
Paul 's current strong standing certainly speaks to the increasingly favorable prospects for candidates running against the Republican establishment across the country , especially on the heels of polling last week showing Marco Rubio closing in on or even taking the lead against Charlie Crist .
It 's going to be interesting to see if a lot more of these insurgent candidates crop up as we turn the calendar to 2010 .
2/16/05
everything on this site is ( c)2005 joe sayers
This post is part of a week - long series of interviews with Jewish Israelis discussing their connection to the idea of Zionism .
We hope this series will spark a conversation over the what Zionism means today .
For more on these interviews see this post .
Jesse Fox
Urban planner and activist Jesse Fox is less encouraged by some of the changes he sees in Israel ’s cities .
He points to the growing rifts in Jerusalem as a dark harbinger for the country ’s future , “ The Arabs are excluded .
The Orthodox and the secular wrestle each other for control …
I ’m concerned Israel will devolve into tribal warfare , like Lebanon . ”
Fox also sees trouble in less obvious places , like the gated communities in Herzliya Petuach .
“ It ’s a trend towards creating bubbles , ” he remarks .
Though it seems like Israelis who depart the so - called bubble of Tel Aviv for nearby Jaffa are moving towards integration , Fox , 27 , resident of Jaffa and student of Arabic , says , “ The rich people who come shut themselves in .
They are aliens to both the Arabs and the poor Jews that live in Yafo [ the Hebrew word for Jaffa ] .
Gentrification is n’t coexistence … it ’s a continuation of a war for territory . ”
But there is a bright spot in Tel Aviv - Yafo [ the Israeli term for the broader municipality that combines Tel Aviv and Jaffa ] .
“ Look at Ir LeKulanu , ” Fox says , referring to the local political party City for All .
“ A year ago , they were agitating against developers .
Now they ’re on the city council . ”
Fox calls Ir LeKulanu a “ red - green movement . ”
While Ir LeKulanu bills itself as an “ urban non-party group , ” not as a communist party , it does seek to move the city out of developers ’ hands and deliver it back to the people .
In tackling issues related to development — such as sprawl , increasing dependence on cars , and the resulting pollution —
Ir LeKulanu naturally addresses environmental concerns .
This focus ,
Fox says , is the way to achieve “ sustainability in a Zionist context . ”
And this new vision is slowly catching on , according to Fox , " The planning institutions in Israel are trying to move away from building the American / Israeli dream – single family , suburban homes with lawns and driveways – and toward denser , more compact cities , and that ’s positive . "
Fox , who immigrated to Israel from the United States nearly a decade ago , explains that his vision of Zionism is an Israel that is deeply integrated into the Middle East — via culture and resources .
“ The way forward for the whole region is through joint environmental action , ” he comments .
“ We need to think about resources or in ten years we wo n’t have anything …
We need to share water with the Palestinians and our other neighbors . ”
Friends of the Earth Middle East , an organization comprised of Israeli , Palestinian , and Jordanian environmental activists is , Fox says , a spearhead for sustaining the region ’s environment and fostering peace .
FoEME ’s cross border projects help both sides to “ see that the people on the other side of the border exist …
What this organization is doing is profound . ”
Summers stayed in the job for one more year , until another meeting was called , in February , 2006 , at which the F.A.S. planned to take another no -confidence vote .
Summers decided to announce his resignation before the meeting .
He told me , “ I believe the university made substantial progress in the areas I focussed on during my time as president .
Where I made my mistakes was in failing to recognize the politics of the university and being insufficiently selective in taking on controversial issues . ”
In one of his last major speeches at Harvard , the 2006 baccalaureate address , Summers delivered something of a cri de coeur .
He started with a joke : “ Class of 2006 , I count myself as one of you : we all graduate from Harvard this week ! ”
But he ended by warning the students to be ever mindful of those “ threats that come from elevating the values of consensus , conformity , and comfort above the value of truth . ”
Summers ’s road from failure at Harvard back to the epicenter of policymaking in Washington began with a return to his strength : thinking about the economy .
His new venue was a regular column in the Financial Times , which he wrote from 2006 to 2008 .
If his Clinton years were defined by a focus on deficit reduction and sympathy to deregulation , his pre-Obama years were defined by an interest in the consequences of globalization and warnings about bubbles and the next financial crisis .
In his first column , he asked why there was such widespread disillusionment with global free trade .
The most troubling reason , he wrote , was “ the growing recognition that the vast global middle is not sharing the benefits of the current period of economic growth . ”
The columns were both a serious rethinking of issues like income inequality and a political olive branch to his critics on the left .
It was part economics , part rehabilitation .
“ You know the old story , the higher you are up on the ladder the farther you fall ? ” Stuart Eizenstat , who was Summers ’s deputy at Treasury , said .
“ It could ’ve been just a completely devastating career - ending type of experience , and , instead , he showed the courage and the fortitude to reinvent himself . ”
He added , “ I do know that he started looking at the world in a different and broader and more comprehensive and more sensitive way . ”
Jared Bernstein spent years in the think - tank world arguing the pro-labor , left side of debates with people like Rubin and Summers .
( Bernstein , a former professional bass player , came to economics by a circuitous route : at about the same time that Summers was studying Raiffa and probabilistic decision - making , he was studying Ravi Shankar at Woodstock . )
He told me , “ I was reading Larry ’s articles in the Financial Times over the past couple of years , and thought , Wow , it ’s all too rare that you see the thinking of such a prominent economist move like that . ”
Not everyone was convinced of the transformation : Robert Reich said , “ It ’s very hard for me to evaluate , because , in all honesty , I have n’t seen any evidence of it . ”
But Summers explained the shift this way : “ You put me in the midst of an economy that is basically held back by government borrowing , and , except for that , is substantially succeeding , and I have the orientation that I had during the Clinton Administration .
Stepping back and seeing where things were after the Bush years , what you saw was these large bubbles forming , pervasive inequality , everything having moved in the wrong direction on health care , on energy , on all the problems that we had tried to work on .
And so when things were pretty screwed up , and the dominant thrust of the policy had been of doing nothing , the inclination was much more on the activist side .
But I do n’t think it ’s because I changed , I think it ’s because the world changed . ”
In 2007 , Summers started looking at the looming economic crisis .
Back in 2003 , he had attended a Federal Reserve conference in Jackson Hole , Wyoming , in which economists were celebrating the fact that central bankers seemed to have mastered the use of monetary policy to tame inflation without causing the economy to slip into a recession , as had happened in the past .
Summers warned that perhaps the victory over inflation meant only that the next recession would be caused by some new phenomenon .
As the recent crisis started to come into focus , Summers moved closer to Rubin on the potential of complicated new financial products to be a source of systemic risk .
Around that time , Summers started working with the hedge fund D. E. Shaw & Company .
He told me , “ I ’d approached markets before as an academic and as a policymaker , but never from the perspective of someone trying to participate in them successfully . ”
In the fall of 2007 , his Financial Times columns took on a more urgent tone , starting with a piece on November 25th , titled “ Wake Up to the Dangers of a Deepening Crisis . ”
There had been at least six major financial crises that affected the United States over the past twenty years : the 1987 stock - market crash , the 1990 savings - and - loan crisis , the Mexican - peso crisis , the East Asian economic crisis , the failure of Long Term Capital Management , and the tech - bubble crash .
Summers had a theory that tied them together : whereas for many decades most recessions were caused by the Federal Reserve ’s attempts to curb inflation , the Fed ’s recent mastery of keeping inflation in check had given rise to the financial crisis .
Summers explained that , just as the success in curing infectious disease will allow some people to live longer only to die of cancer , the success in battling inflation will prolong an economic expansion only to lead to overconfidence and a financial crisis .
Summers returned to his attacks on the efficient - market hypothesis .
While it is true that the market is often self - correcting — for instance , the 1987 stock - market crash did n’t cause a recession — at other times , as in Asia or Mexico during the nineties , the shocks to the financial system are so pronounced that the market does not self - correct , and eventually tips the economy into recession .
Summers explained that although the relationship between supply and demand is the cornerstone of a self - correcting market , in some financial crises that relationship breaks down .
“ If you think about a security that is bought on margin , ” Summers explained during a speech early last year , “ when its price goes down there are margin calls which force liquidations , and more of it is sold .
So a falling price is not a stabilizing mechanism , but it is potentially a destabilizing mechanism . ”
He called this “ the liquidation vicious cycle , ” and the result can be that institutions are depleted of capital as the psychology of a bank run prevails and the value of their assets plummets .
This insight formed the basis of the Obama Administration ’s understanding of the crisis , especially the debate over nationalization .
The nationalizers thought that the banks were insolvent — that the toxic assets were worthless .
But Summers and Geithner , though they disagreed on some aspects of the stress tests , agreed that the asset prices were simply under attack from the liquidation vicious cycle , and that recapitalizing the banks and restoring confidence would stem the panic and restore some value to the bad assets .
The recession had saved Summers .
It made him indispensable , especially to a young President facing an economic calamity of which very few people seemed to have any understanding .
But Obama faced a dilemma : how to exploit Summers ’s intellectual energy while avoiding his managerial weaknesses .
As several Obama advisers put it , Obama “ wanted Larry ’s brain . ”
Summers ended up in a contest with Geithner for the Treasury Secretary post .
The two men bumped into each other at O’Hare Airport , on November 16 , 2008 .
They sat together in an airport lounge for an hour before heading downtown for back - to - back interviews with the President - elect .
“ I know it ’s not the conventional wisdom , but I am of the personal view that you would make a good Treasury Secretary , ” Geithner joked to Summers .
During his interview , Geithner , who had previously worked for Henry Kissinger ’s consulting firm , Kissinger Associates , told Obama something that the former Secretary of State had once said about Summers : “ They should just make Larry a permanent White House adviser to the President . ”
Obama and Geithner had immediately liked each other .
They have similarly serene personalities that sometimes make them seem a little detached .
Obama devoted a third of the interview to asking about Geithner ’s background .
Like Obama , Geithner had spent part of his childhood outside the United States , and , in a quirk of history , Geithner ’s father , who worked for the Ford Foundation , was responsible for funding some of Obama ’s mother ’s anthropological research .
Afterward , Obama and Emanuel discussed the decision .
“ My head ’s one place , my heart ’s another , ” Obama said .
He decided that he wanted Geithner at Treasury .
Obama and Emanuel then devised a plan to bring Summers into the White House , as the head of the N.E.C.
But , Emanuel told Obama , “ The only way we ’re going to do this is you ’ve got to talk to Larry . ”
Obama called Summers and reminded him that the country was in the midst of an unprecedented economic crisis , and said that he needed him in the White House .
He told him that he would n’t take no for an answer .
Still , Summers said that he wanted to think about it .
The next morning , he met with Emanuel for an hour in his office on Capitol Hill .
By the end of the conversation , Summers had agreed to join the team .
His decision surprised some .
“ How many former Secretaries of the Treasury would come in not as Secretary of the Treasury ? ” Vice - President Biden said to me .
He added , “ And he ’s the smartest son of a bitch . ”
The N.E.C. was created by President Clinton in 1993 , and since then most of its directors have seen their role as that of an honest broker , whose job is to present to the President a full range of views on any given issue .
That was not Summers ’s obvious strong suit ; he has always been interested in affecting policy with his own opinions , not acting as a passive conduit for every perspective .
“ It is not enough , if we are to make the world better , to sign on to processes that explore all positions but cede the hope of changing anyone ’s mind , ” he said in 2006 .
“ Ultimately , for effective action , people do have to agree on some things and reject others to find dynamic ways forward . ”
To compensate , the White House added two innovations to its economic decision - making apparatus .
The first , announced the previous November , was the President ’s Economic Recovery Advisory Board , which is headed by the former Federal Reserve chairman Paul Volcker and is composed of outside economists , C.E.O.s , and labor officials .
While almost all economic - policy traffic flows through the N.E.C. , the PERAB reports directly to the President .
In January , the White House added a half - hour meeting each morning , in which Obama is briefed by the top members of his economic team : Summers , Geithner , Romer , Orszag , and Bernstein .
Obama officials said that the extra layers were intended to insure that no one person dominates the economic advice going to the President .
This system was sharply tested during the debate over the fate of G.M. and Chrysler .
In mid-March , Summers and eight advisers dealing with the issue met around the conference table in his office .
Summers called for a vote : who thought Obama should save Chrysler ?
The group was deadlocked .
Four were in favor and four were against .
Summers abstained , but he believed that Chrysler should get another chance at survival , especially since the Italian automaker Fiat had announced that it was willing to take over the company .
Austan Goolsbee , who is both the staff director of the PERAB and one of Romer ’s deputies at the C.E.A. , cast the strongest of the no votes , arguing forcefully that saving Chrysler would damage the long - term prospects of G.M. and Ford , and for that reason Chrysler should be allowed to go bankrupt and be liquidated .
Summers and Goolsbee had argued the issue for weeks , and the debate had become a source of friction between them .
At a morning meeting in the Oval Office on March 26th , Summers pressed Obama to make a decision .
Romer told Obama of Goolsbee ’s dissenting opinion , and he was brought into the meeting , which delayed the decision .
“ Half an hour to decide the fate of the auto industry ? ” Obama said , according to an account by Bloomberg News .
“ We need more time than this . ”
The group , plus several other advisers , reconvened at six o’clock in the evening .
At one point , Robert Gibbs , the President ’s press secretary and confidant , showed the group a map of Midwestern counties and their current levels of unemployment .
He said , “ We talk a lot about avoiding twenty - five - per- cent unemployment , like we had in the Great Depression , but in a lot of these places we ’re already there . ”
When the debate was exhausted , Summers , perhaps recognizing that he had misbehaved at the morning meeting , faithfully summarized the views of everyone at the meeting , including Goolsbee .
Obama asked Steven Rattner , the head of the auto task force , who had been one of the four to vote yes in Summers ’s office , “ What do you think the percentage likelihood is that , if we give this deal a chance , it will succeed ? ”
Rattner did n’t make the decision any easier .
“ Fifty - one per cent , ” he said .
“ But , Mr. President , in my experience , deals get worse , not better , over time . ”
In the end , Obama sided with Summers over Goolsbee , but Goolsbee believes that his case against Chrysler did push Obama to impose the condition that , if the Fiat deal fell through , the government would offer no help .
Over all , the episode suggests that there was enough internal dissension to make sure that the President ’s options were n’t constrained .
Goolsbee told me , “ History has not been kind to Administrations where everybody agreed with each other and all they ever had to say was , Good idea , boss . ”
So far , none of the worst fears of those who believed that the stimulus was too small or that nationalization was the only option or that taking over car companies would destroy the fabric of capitalism have materialized .
Indeed , several private forecasters have credited the stimulus with blunting the impact of the recession — it probably added around three points to the G.D.P. last quarter — and the banking system has dramatically stabilized since the stress tests were completed .
But competence has its limits as a source of inspiration .
Paul Krugman said , “ The stimulus helped , but the question is , ‘ Is that enough ? ’ ” With unemployment at around ten per cent and still on an upward trajectory , the Administration is left arguing not that jobs are being created but that without Obama ’s policies things would be worse .
It ’s not a very pithy slogan .
And , undoubtedly , the huge government interventions laid the groundwork for the political backlash against Obama that was unleashed this past August and which has jeopardized his larger agenda on health care , global warming , and financial regulation .
Obama and his team have pulled the economy back from the abyss , but they will get credit only when it has been rebuilt . ♦
* Correction , December 1 , 2009 : Kim B. Clark is now president of Brigham Young University — Idaho , not Brigham Young University , as originally stated .
Whatever led President Obama to believe that his personal intercession at the climate - change summit would achieve something major , his very presence in Copenhagen made " a significant breakthrough " a political imperative , no matter how flimsy .
And that 's exactly what a senior Administration official called a last - ditch deal — details to come — in a media leak as we went to press last evening and the conference headed into overtime .
Mr. Obama 's inexplicable injunction yesterday that " the time for talk is ...
Was unlocking uranium ’s secrets the most earth - shaking event of the 20th century ?
( image : Viking )
IN THE 1500s , Bohemian miners stumbled upon a mineral they called pitchblende , and deemed it worthless .
It was n’t until the start of the 20th century and the early experiments of Marie Curie that the mysteries of this uranium - containing ore began to pique the interest of physicists .
In a book that is more history than science , Tom Zoellner traces uranium ’s fingerprints across the ensuing 100 years , from the ultra-secrecy of the Manhattan project to nuclear power ’s recent resurgence .
Some might question his thesis that unlocking uranium ’s …
In James Cameron 's Avatar , we 're introduced to an alien race that we immediately take to : the almost - human Na'vi .
But sympathizing with slightly - different people is easy .
Here are few examples of sci - fi giving us truly " alien " aliens .
Advertisement
It 's a common pet peeve among sci - fi fans : why do aliens always seem so undeniably human ?
Should n't a strange new consciousness from a far - away world seem more alien ?
And not just in looks - we 've written about human - looking aliens before - but in motivations and behavior as well .
Top 10 Silliest Alien Prosthetics Movies and TV have made huge strides towards giving us awesome - looking superheroics , but let 's face Read more
Advertisement
For instance , there 's no reason to assume that an alien species would look like a human with a weird forehead .
But there 's also no reason to assume that aliens would have a human - like conception of property or of societal connection or even of self .
While what seems to be a majority of science fiction relies very heavily on making their aliens as behaviorally human as possible , there are a few aliens in the cannon that challenge our perceptions of aliens and what a true other might actually be like .
Here are some examples of truly alien aliens ( each include some spoilers ) .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Solaris
In one of the only common features between both film versions of Solaris and the original novel , one of the main objects of the story is to present a truly " other " alien .
In Solaris , human scientists have stumbled upon a planet that seems to be covered in a living ocean .
So , they attempt to communicate with it .
Advertisement
And the " ocean " communicates back in the only way it knows how : by conjuring up living manifestations of the deeply hidden tragedies and shames of the scientific crew .
The films hint at what is the novel 's focus : the sentient oceans are so alien from humanity that its attempts to communicate look more like torture .
All three versions leave the audience with no clue as to what the sentient oceans actually want .
And that 's a lot more realistic than clear communication between two wildly different species .
The 456
The motivations of the 456 in Torchwood 's Children of Earth miniseries are a lot clearer : they just want Earth 's children for what appears to be a very gruesome narcotic - like use .
But what makes the 456 so great an example of an alien species is that this use is never clear , and humanity is in no position to investigate the aliens .
Advertisement
It 's another common misstep in alien stories : unlocking the biological or scientific secrets of the alien proves the necessary step to defeating them .
In this story , the alien remains callously and disturbingly other throughout .
It 's like " To Serve Man " with a decidedly Lovecraftian twist .
Advertisement
The creature from Midnight
In the Dr. Who episode " Midnight , " we see that in science fiction stories , you do n't always need a malicious alien to find a villain .
The alien in this case is certainly creepy , and its " voice stealing " method of communicating makes the viewer squirm , but in the end , the ones that we fear the most are not aliens , but other humans .
Advertisement
And that is what makes this , along with Children of Earth , such a great alien story : no matter what the extra-planetary life is , the much more frightening thing is the paranoia and fear - induced violence that this alien consciousness causes .
Rama
While Rama in Arthur C. Clarke 's Rama series is actually a place , it reveals another misstep in most alien portrayals .
When humans land on Rama and begin exploring , they are struck by how strange the place is .
The " buildings " do n't appear to actually be buildings , the " cities " are apparently uninhabited , and the sheer scope and engineering of the place betray a fundamental flaw in any human - assumption - based analysis of the place .
Advertisement
While this unknowable other concept gets shelved a bit in the sequels to Rendezvous with Rama , the first book ends as it might in reality : the craft moves on , and humanity is no wiser than before .
Rama remains a foreign thing , even after all is supposedly " revealed . "
Advertisement
( From this short film based on the book Rendezvous with Rama )
The Buggers and the Piggies
Finally , in Orson Scott Card 's Ender 's Game , and maybe more so in its sequel , Speaker for the Dead , we see two new alien races that eventually challenge humanity to tolerate and maybe even love something truly other .
The buggers start the story as the frightening antagonist , but it 's revealed that their acts of aggression were really attempts at communication .
The piggies , on the other hand , seem wild and unpredictable at first , but their horrific acts were really ceremonies of great honor .
Advertisement
The reality of these books , though , is that , when all is said and done , the humans in these stories find the humanity in an inscrutable other .
They prove to us that something menacing and indifferent and entirely alien can sometimes become almost human .
And even if that means humanizing the aliens slightly , it 's a feat that 's far more impressive than getting us to sympathize with blue versions of ourselves .
One of Rick Warren 's ( and president George W. Bush 's ) longtime allies in Uganda , Martin Ssempe , is the author of a classic piece of minority - baiting legislation .
Its details belong in the history of genocidal hatred :
The Ugandan penal code already criminalizes sexual relations " against the order of nature , " a characterization that is frequently used to prosecute gays .
Under the proposed Anti-Homosexuality Bill of 2009 , homosexual relations are specifically targeted .
Anyone in a position of authority who is aware of a gay or lesbian individual has 24 hours to inform police or face jail time .
Individuals found to engage in efforts to sexually stimulate another for the purpose of homosexual relations , or found touching another for that purpose , will face life in prison .
Those who engage in " aggravated homosexuality " -- defined as repeated homosexual relations or sexual contact with others who are HIV / AIDS infected -- will face the death penalty .
This is an act of terror and murder against an already beleaguered minority , and Warren is an accessory to it .
As a powerful figure in distributing AIDS funding in Uganda , he cannot bring himself to oppose a law that would condemn someone in a gay relationship to death , and imprison him or her for touching another human being , and inciting a wave of informing on family members and friends and acquaintances in order to terrify a sexual minority .
This alleged man of God cannot speak out on this - except to protect his own p.r .
His schtick of actually being the nice evangelical - a schtick that got him to Obama 's inauguration - is a lie .
If he cannot condemn this fascist act of violence against a tiny minority of vulnerable human beings , then his position in this struggle is clear enough .
Just as he publicly inveighed in favor of stripping gay couples of civil equality in California , and then pretended he did n't , now he distances himself from Ssempe , while refusing to condemn this law reminiscent of early attempts to wipe out minorities in Serbia , Nazi Germany , and Rwanda .
This is classic avoidance in an atmosphere of extreme danger .
It is the same as the Catholic church 's disgraceful neutrality in Rwanda and Nazi Germany , as they saw a chance to enable others to wipe out a minority they wished could be wiped off the face of the earth :
Warren wo n't go so far as to condemn the legislation itself .
A request for a broader reaction to the proposed Ugandan anti-homosexual laws generated this response : " The fundamental dignity of every person , our right to be free , and the freedom to make moral choices are gifts endowed by God , our creator .
However , it is not my personal calling as a pastor in America to comment or interfere in the political process of other nations . "
On Meet the Press this morning , he reiterated this neutral stance in a different context : " As a pastor , my job is to encourage , to support .
I never take sides . "
He lies .
He has taken sides , whenever possible , to stigmatize , demonize and now physically threaten the lives of gay people in his own country and abroad .
And his silence on this issue means the deaths of others .
Warren needs to come out and condemn this law as evil , which it is .
And to stop hiding his own enmeshment with the most virulent forms of fundamentalist hatred under the veil of media - savvy benevolence .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
By Phil Mercer
BBC News , Sydney
Australians are being forced to change their water consumption habits Emergency water supplies are being transported by road to communities in the northern Australian state of Queensland .
Fears are mounting that reservoirs are about to run dry , at the beginning of a long , hot summer .
One parched town west of Brisbane had just eight hours worth of water left before residents were forced to significantly reduce their consumption .
Weather forecasters have blamed extreme temperatures .
Water storage levels at reservoirs in Toowoomba , Queensland 's biggest inland city , have fallen to 8.5 % .
The big dry A new pipeline that will carry supplies from the Wivenhoe Dam near Brisbane will not be ready until the New Year .
Fortunately , residents in Toowoomba have a natural insurance policy against such dry conditions .
Emergency bores have been drilled into the Great Artesian Basin , which is one of the world 's largest underground lakes .
Other drought - hit communities in Queensland are relying on deliveries brought by water tankers as the situation worsens .
Supplies in the coal mining town of Blackwater , 825 km ( 513 miles ) north - west of Brisbane , have been reduced to a trickle .
Local motel owner , John McKenzie , says it has made life difficult .
" We got up this morning and went to shower and we did n't have enough water ... and we had guests here in the same boat so it was pretty awkward to try and explain to them .
They were n't happy .
" And I have a guy here putting a swimming pool in - they went to fill the pool up and it was just a black ooze came out of the pipe . "
In recent days households in Dalby in central Queensland were told the town had only eight hours worth of water left .
There is likely to be little relief for many drought - hit regions in the months ahead with weather forecasters predicting a roasting summer for much of Australia , the world 's driest inhabited continent .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Convoluted story not worth exploring , Carrie Prejean , Miss USA contestant , was involved in some kind of litigation with the Miss USA pageant in which a masturbation tape she made years ago / yesterday figures prominently / not at all , resulting in some kind of settlement , and culminating with an appearance on Larry King to promote a book .
King asked about the terms of the settlement ; she said he was " being inappropriate . "
He asked if she could sayshe settled , and she said " Larry , you 're being inappropriate again . "
She said " inappropriate " four or five times more before she pulled off her mic and left .
A " nobody " shut down pro-interviewer Larry King .
When a woman uses that word on a man , the conversation is over , whether he is right or wrong .
The man is on the defensive , the whole conversation changes , it 's no longer about the thing that was inappropriate , it becomes about the character of the kind of man who would be inappropriate .
He spends the rest of the time trying to defend himself , and , of course , she never has to answer the question .
Cognitive kill switches change the focus from content to identity .
Popularly , this mechanism is referred to as " short circuiting " , but " kill switch " is better because it implies it 'sII .
One thought is that this works because of a power imbalance .
If she was in a bar , where the power is mostly equal , she would n't say " inappropriate , " she 'd say , " die . "
But with Larry King , or in an situation that does not have an escape ( e.g. work , an airplane -- a place where some relation must be maintained ) she could reverse the power imbalance by calling him " inappropriate . "
The only thing he can do is back off , which of course was the point .
But there are too many exceptions for it to be just about power .
It would n't work on a psychoanalyst in therapy ; he 'd simply reply , " tell me more about that . "
It would n't work on a rock star .
Larry King caved , but I can't imagine Howard Stern caving .
What those men on their side is an established reputation , identity : " you think that was inappropriate ?
Do you have any idea how inappropriate I can get ? "
Which translates as a willingness to confront the person about their use of manipulation .
It 's a kill switch , too : she changes the focus from the content to his character , but then he changes the focus from his character to hers .
He wins because his identity is already established .
So " inappropriate " fails because the guy is known , and what was " inappropriate " actually was n't inappropriate coming from him .
And , in the reverse : kill switches works when they are at least partially right .
Prejean is correct : King was being inappropriate .
He may have said " settlement " but Prejean understood he meant " sex tape .
" She realized that King did n't care about her , only about the sex tape .
The only reason he asked that question is to get to the sex tape .
She 's not a full person to him , she 's a news story .
Now , you can say she 's an idiot for thinking there is any other reason to interview her , but regardlessthinks she 's much more interesting than just that .
From , he is a man who only cares about her because she is currently hot and previously naked .
When King asks about the settlement , it 's the most provocative question he , given his limited ability as provocateur , can ask .
But if Howard Stern asks about the settlement , he 's actually asking about the settlement .
When he wants to get inappropriate , we 'll know .
III .
Focusing on the specific case of a man saying something " inappropriate " about the woman he 's talking to ( as opposed to a general comment , e.g .
" I like hookers with a little mileage on 'em " ) :
If you accept that the kill switch changes the focus from content to character , then what she 's doing is n't judging the words , she 's judging you .
Some men do n't understand this mechanism , and it is both the cause of the conflict and the explanation for why the kill switch succeeds : the woman has a brain and a life experience , and she has you figured out .
She knows you , probably better in this single respect ( sex ) than you know yourself .
You do n't really get that she has this ability -- any abilities ; you assume she knows nothing about you other than what you tell her , you assume she is less intuitive than you , whether it be because you are older or perhaps " smarter . "
The exact opposite is true .
Because you do n't appreciate this , you think you are fooling her by masking your real interets with neutral phrasing .
( " Oh , what kind of a bathing suit was it ? " )
The sum total problem you are having is this : you do n't see her as a person , you see her as ... You think you are seeing her as a single , complete individual , but you are mistaking your undivided attention to her asof her .
Consider the extremely awesome scenario in which your female coworker gets breast implants .
What is a not - inappropriate way to comment on it ?
Answer : there is n't any .
either can comment on it , orcan't .
And you know who you are .
And she does , too .
IV.So what can you do if you 're at the wrong end of an " inappropriate ? " ( Part 2 soon )
Rep. Dennis Kucinich ( D - Ohio ) this week said that U.S. generals who spoke publicly about the nation 's Afghan strategy during the president 's deliberations should lose their jobs .
Kucinich , who is known for his anti-war views , told Russia Today in an interview Wednesday that Congress should be making the final decision on whether to go to war , not the president or his generals .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Some of his generals made remarks publicly , which is really unheard of , " he said .
" You know , generals are subordinate to the president who is the commander - in - chief .
He ’s the boss .
And when generals start trying to suggest publicly what the president should do , they should n’t be generals anymore . "
Kucinich 's comments come weeks after he introduced a resolution in Congress calling for American forces to withdraw from the war - torn country .
U.S. and NATO commanding Gen. Stanley McChrystal was known for speaking publicly about the need for more troops in Afghanistan .
The top general in the country made several media appearances after it was reported that he requested that President Barack Obama send 40,000 additional troops or face " mission failure . "
McChrystal 's words came as Obama and the nation 's top military and diplomatic officials weighed a new strategy behind closed doors for months .
Obama announced on Dec. 1 that 30,000 additional troops will be sent to Afghanistan and U.S. forces will begin to withdraw in July 2011 .
Kucinich blamed Obama for the the generals ' willingness to speak out , saying that he gave them too much leeway .
“ President Obama , who is a good man , has given his generals a little too much leeway , " he said .
“ Congress has the obligation under our constitution to make the decision whether to go to war . ”
WATCH :
England will find out on Friday evening who and when they will be playing at next year 's football World Cup in South Africa .
And the ramifications go far beyond football .
Here are five reasons why .
When a World Cup is about to start with England in it , something seems to change .
People who would only pay a passing interest to the fortunes of the national team suddenly become expert in the merits of 4 - 4 - 2 and the fitness of Wayne Rooney , upon whose young shoulders glory could depend .
As well as the excitement among fans - with an optimism that has been dashed at the quarter - final stage at the last two tournaments - there are huge commercial interests wrapped up in England 's fortunes .
So when 32 little balls are plucked out of the draw in Cape Town , in a ceremony hosted by Hollywood actress Charlize Theron , the ramifications will be felt by fans , bookies , travel agents , off - licences , statisticians and ... er , conspiracy theorists .
THE BIG GETAWAY
About 70,000 England fans travelled to Germany in 2006 , many without tickets who just wanted to sample the atmosphere .
Some built their summer holidays around the tournament .
As soon as England 's name is drawn and the dates of their fixtures become known , it will prompt one almighty stampede for time off work , flights to South Africa and accommodation .
Where there will be a guaranteed demand prices will go up
Which ?
spokeswoman
World Cup draw - live text The World Cup is one of those rare occasions when a large chunk of the nation 's workforce wants the same days off , says Jonathan Mansfield , partner at the employment law specialists , ThomasMansfield LLP .
Job contracts can vary , but on the whole it 's first come first served , he says .
So have applications at the ready .
Then there 's the small matter of getting there and where you will stay .
One thing is guaranteed , you 'll pay through the nose for both flights and accommodation .
Airlines , tour operators and hotels always hike prices - it's a simple case of supply and demand .
When Ireland 's World Cup qualifier against France was announced in October , flights to Paris on the country 's two major airlines cost around 24.99 euros minutes before the draw and 124.99 euros just 15 minutes after , says Ireland 's opposition party 's sports spokesman , John O'Mahony .
" We all expected there to be some increase in airline prices , " he says .
" But cashing - in to this extent is ridiculous . "
But they are breaking no laws , says the consumer watchdog Which ?
" Where there will be a guaranteed demand , prices will go up , " says a spokeswoman .
" It 's unfair but no rules are being broken . "
THE BIG STAY - AT - HOME
Off - licence owners will be watching the draw closely because the days that England play could be among their busiest of the year .
" According to market data , we estimate that England 's participation will add an extra £ 15 bn to take - home sales of lager , " says Rosie Davenport , editor of Off - Licence News .
Pubs will be a focal point for fans " Because it 's in South Africa , people in the UK will be able to enjoy the matches at a reasonable hour , often at home with their friends . "
Sunshine would increase sales , as would the possibility that any of England 's matches should fall on the weekend .
South African wines will probably be marketed strongly too , says Ms Davenport , as the host country tries to capitalise on the opportunity .
British pubs can expect to sell an extra 10 million pints on the days that England play , says Neil Smith of the British Beers and Pubs Association , which represents half the pubs in England , Scotland and Wales .
" The industry will definitely be watching the draw closely , because there are very difficult trading conditions at the moment , so those dates will be among the first to go in the diary for next year . "
HAVE A FLUTTER " The World Cup is the biggest betting event of them all , " says Graham Sharpe of William Hill .
" The Grand National as a one - off race is big but as an event the World Cup is bigger .
It 's unparalleled , a billion - pound plus will be be bet with British bookmakers . "
Bookmakers are praying for a good draw for England , he says , so the team can get through its group .
But if England captain John Terry was to lift the trophy , the bookies would be crippled .
" We want them to reach the final and lose on penalties .
If they win , we would be bankrupt , although we 've had 43 years to save up for it . "
People who would never usually enter a bookies suddenly take an interest , which is why an England win - they are third favourites - would be a " mega - liability " , he says .
Backing the winning team is the most popular bet , followed by the outcome of individual matches , tournament top scorer and group winners .
Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland may not have teams there but they still like a gamble , says Mr Sharp , and betting on matches in which your team does not feature is very popular .
" The only reason to watch Mexico and Greece could be because you 've got a fiver on it .
Some teams are adopted because of particular players .
Chelsea fans may support Ivory Coast , for instance . "
DO THE MATH
England are among the top seeds in the draw , which means they avoid being drawn against the very best sides in the group stage , but they could still face some very strong sides from the other three " pots " .
So what are the chances of England being drawn against , say , Portugal , USA and Ivory Coast - what has been called a " Group of Death " ?
Professor Ian Stewart , author of Professor Stewart 's Hoard of Mathematical Treasures , has worked it out .
The teams are divided into four pots , with eight in each pot , he explains .
Pot 1 contains the seeded teams : South Africa , England , Argentina , Brazil , and four others .
South Africa automatically goes into group A and the other teams are randomly assigned to groups B - H . Pot 2 contains the USA , and the probability that it goes into England 's group is easy : 1/8 .
The same goes for Portugal in Pot 4 .
Pot 3 is more complicated .
It contains three South American teams and five African ones including Ivory Coast .
South Africa gets the first South American team drawn , because teams from the same continent are kept apart , while Argentina and Brazil get the first two African teams .
" For England to get Ivory Coast , this must be the third , fourth , or fifth African team drawn , probability 3/5 , and then be assigned to England , probability 1/5 .
" So the overall probability of the group of death is 1/8 x 1/8 x 3/5 x 1/5 = 3/1600 : about 1 chance in 530 . "
CONSPIRACY THEORIES
Football fans love a conspiracy theory .
And the febrile atmosphere of the draw is a perfect breeding ground for them .
One idea is that the organisers want the hosts to progress to the knockout stages to maintain interest .
Questions are always swirling through the mind of the football fan .
Why did France have such an easy ride to the final at the 1998 World Cup final ?
How did South Korea suddenly manage to get all the way to the semis when they were co-hosting in 2002 ?
Heidi Klum did the honours in 2005
The same sort of questions will pop up if South Africa get an easy draw .
Their fans might be hoping for North Korea , Slovenia and Paraguay .
In the run-up to the recent European play - offs for World Cup qualification there was much talk of what a disaster it would be if Portugal and France - with bankable stars like Cristiano Ronaldo and Thierry Henry - were not to make it to the finals .
Lo and behold , they avoided each other in the draw , albeit with France needing a hand to get past the Republic of Ireland , while Portugal took on the might of Bosnia - Hercegovina .
But the conspiracy theorists miss two things .
The first is that these " easy " routes for hosts are rarely that easy if examined .
In 1998 France faced some less vaunted opponents but they had to knock out Italy in the quarters .
South Korea in 2002 may have benefited from some bizarre refereeing , but they still had to face the might of Portugal , Italy and Spain .
Germany in 2006 had an easy group but then had to face Sweden , Argentina and Italy .
When they were n't the hosts , in 2002 , they really did have an easy route , only having to beat Paraguay , the US and South Korea to get to the final .
The second objection to the conspiracy theorists is the technical difficulty of fixing a draw conducted in the full glare of the cameras using identical balls containing markers with the names of the teams .
Many of the more exotic ruminations centre on the idea of " hot balls " .
In this theory , the team that Fifa ( Federation of International Football Associations ) needs to get to the latter stages of the competition is inside a plastic ball that has been heated enough to be recognisable to the hand of the presumably co-operating draw celebrity .
This , of course , seems rather far - fetched .
There is such a drawn - out ritual at the beginning of the draw that the balls would surely go cold .
But while there are convenient draws for Fifa there will always be conspiracy theorists in dark corners of message boards .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Metre -based systems of measurement
For a topical guide to this subject , see Outline of the metric system
For a more accessible and less technical introduction to this topic , see Introduction to the metric system
A metric system is a system of measurement that succeeded the decimalised system based on the metre introduced in France in the 1790s .
The historical development of these systems culminated in the definition of the International System of Units ( SI ) , under the oversight of an international standards body .
The historical evolution of metric systems has resulted in the recognition of several principles .
Each of the fundamental dimensions of nature is expressed by a single base unit of measure .
The definition of base units has increasingly been realised from natural principles , rather than by copies of physical artefacts .
For quantities derived from the fundamental base units of the system , units derived from the base units are used –e .g. , the square metre is the derived unit for area , a quantity derived from length .
These derived units are coherent , which means that they involve only products of powers of the base units , without empirical factors .
For any given quantity whose unit has a special name and symbol , an extended set of smaller and larger units is defined that are related in a systematic system of factors of powers of ten .
The unit of time should be the second ; the unit of length should be either the metre or a decimal multiple of it ; and the unit of mass should be the gram or a decimal multiple of it .
Metric systems have evolved since the 1790s , as science and technology have evolved , in providing a single universal measuring system .
Before and in addition to the SI , some other examples of metric systems are the following : the MKS system of units and the MKSA systems , which are the direct forerunners of the SI ; the centimetre–gram–second ( CGS ) system and its subtypes , the CGS electrostatic ( cgs- esu ) system , the CGS electromagnetic ( cgs- emu ) system , and their still - popular blend , the Gaussian system ; the metre–tonne–second ( MTS ) system ; and the gravitational metric systems , which can be based on either the metre or the centimetre , and either the gram ( - force ) or the kilogram ( - force ) .
Background [ edit ]
The French revolution ( 1789–99 ) provided an opportunity for the French to reform their unwieldy and archaic system of many local weights and measures .
Charles Maurice de Talleyrand championed a new system based on natural units , proposing to the French National Assembly in 1790 that such a system be developed .
Talleyrand had ambitions that a new natural and standardised system would be embraced worldwide , and was keen to involve other countries in its development .
Great Britain ignored invitations to co-operate , so the French Academy of Sciences decided in 1791 to go it alone and they set up a commission for the purpose .
The commission decided that the standard of length should be based on the size of the Earth .
They defined that length to be the ' metre ' and its length as one ten - millionth of the length of a quadrant on the Earth 's surface from the equator to the north pole .
In 1799 , after the length of that quadrant had been surveyed , the new system was launched in France .
[ 1] :145–149
The units of the metric system , originally taken from observable features of nature , are now defined by seven physical constants being given exact numerical values in terms of the units .
In the modern form of the International System of Units ( SI ) , the seven base units are : metre for length , kilogram for mass , second for time , ampere for electric current , kelvin for temperature , candela for luminous intensity and mole for amount of substance .
These , together with their derived units , can measure any physical quantity .
Derived units may have their own unit name , such as the watt ( J/s ) and lux ( cd / m2 ) , or may just be expressed as combinations of base units , such as velocity ( m/s ) and acceleration ( m/ s2 ) . [ 2 ]
The metric system was designed to have properties that make it easy to use and widely applicable , including units based on the natural world , decimal ratios , prefixes for multiples and sub-multiples , and a structure of base and derived units .
It is also a coherent system , which means that its units do not introduce conversion factors not already present in equations relating quantities .
It has a property called rationalisation that eliminates certain constants of proportionality in equations of physics .
The metric system is extensible , and new derived units are defined as needed in fields such as radiology and chemistry .
For example , the katal , a derived unit for catalytic activity equivalent to a one mole per second ( 1 mol/s ) , was added in 1999 .
Principles [ edit ]
Although the metric system has changed and developed since its inception , its basic concepts have hardly changed .
Designed for transnational use , it consisted of a basic set of units of measurement , now known as base units .
Derived units were built up from the base units using logical rather than empirical relationships while multiples and submultiples of both base and derived units were decimal - based and identified by a standard set of prefixes .
Realisation [ edit ]
[ 3 ]
The metre was originally defined to be one ten millionth of the distance between the North Pole and the Equator through Paris .
The base units used in a measurement system must be realisable .
Each of the definitions of the base units in the SI is accompanied by a defined mise en pratique [ practical realisation ] that describes in detail at least one way in which the base unit can be measured .
[ 4 ]
Where possible , definitions of the base units were developed so that any laboratory equipped with proper instruments would be able to realise a standard without reliance on an artefact held by another country .
In practice , such realisation is done under the auspices of a mutual acceptance arrangement . [ 5 ]
In the SI , the standard metre is defined as exactly 1/299,792,458 of the distance that light travels in a second .
The realisation of the metre depends in turn on precise realisation of the second .
There are both astronomical observation methods and laboratory measurement methods that are used to realise units of the standard metre .
Because the speed of light is now exactly defined in terms of the metre , more precise measurement of the speed of light does not result in a more accurate figure for its velocity in standard units , but rather a more accurate definition of the metre .
The accuracy of the measured speed of light is considered to be within 1 m/s , and the realisation of the metre is within about 3 parts in 1,000,000,000 , or a proportion of 0.3x10 − 8:1 .
The kilogram was originally defined as the mass of a man-made artefact of platinum - iridium held in a laboratory in France , until the new definition was introduced in May 2019 .
Replicas made in 1879 at the time of the artefact 's fabrication and distributed to signatories of the Metre Convention serve as de facto standards of mass in those countries .
Additional replicas have been fabricated since as additional countries have joined the convention .
The replicas were subject to periodic validation by comparison to the original , called the IPK .
It became apparent that either the IPK or the replicas or both were deteriorating , and are no longer comparable : they had diverged by 50 μg since fabrication , so figuratively , the accuracy of the kilogram was no better than 5 parts in a hundred million or a proportion of 5x10 − 8:1 .
The accepted redefinition of SI base units replaced the IPK with an exact definition of the Planck constant , which defines the kilogram in terms of the second and metre .
Base and derived unit structure [ edit ]
The metric system base units were originally adopted because they represented fundamental orthogonal dimensions of measurement corresponding to how we perceive nature : a spatial dimension , a time dimension , one for inertia , and later , a more subtle one for the dimension of an " invisible substance " known as electricity or more generally , electromagnetism .
One and only one unit in each of these dimensions was defined , unlike older systems where multiple perceptual quantities with the same dimension were prevalent , like inches , feet and yards or ounces , pounds and tons .
Units for other quantities like area and volume , which are also spatial dimensional quantities , were derived from the fundamental ones by logical relationships , so that a unit of square area for example , was the unit of length squared .
Many derived units were already in use before and during the time the metric system evolved , because they represented convenient abstractions of whatever base units were defined for the system , especially in the sciences .
So analogous units were scaled in terms of the units of the newly established metric system , and their names adopted into the system .
Many of these were associated with electromagnetism .
Other perceptual units , like volume , which were not defined in terms of base units , were incorporated into the system with definitions in the metric base units , so that the system remained simple .
It grew in number of units , but the system retained a uniform structure .
Decimal ratios [ edit ]
Some customary systems of weights and measures had duodecimal ratios , which meant quantities were conveniently divisible by 2 , 3 , 4 , and 6 .
But it was difficult to do arithmetic with things like ​ 1 ⁄ 4 pound or ​1 ⁄ 3 foot .
There was no system of notation for successive fractions : for example , ​ 1 ⁄ 3 of ​1 ⁄ 3 of a foot was not an inch or any other unit .
But the system of counting in decimal ratios did have notation , and the system had the algebraic property of multiplicative closure : a fraction of a fraction , or a multiple of a fraction was a quantity in the system , like ​ 1 ⁄ 10 of ​1 ⁄ 10 which is ​ 1 ⁄ 100 .
So a decimal radix became the ratio between unit sizes of the metric system .
Prefixes for multiples and submultiples [ edit ]
In the metric system , multiples and submultiples of units follow a decimal pattern . [ Note 1 ]
Metric prefixes in everyday use Text Symbol Factor Power tera T 1 000 000 000 000 1012 giga G 1 000 000 000 109 mega M 1 000 000 106 kilo k 1 000 103 hecto h 100 102 deca da 10 101 ( none ) ( none ) 1 100 deci d 0.1 10−1 centi c 0.01 10−2 milli m 0.001 10−3 micro μ 0.000 001 10−6 nano n 0.000 000 001 10−9 pico p 0.000 000 000 001 10−12
A common set of decimal - based prefixes that have the effect of multiplication or division by an integer power of ten can be applied to units that are themselves too large or too small for practical use .
The concept of using consistent classical ( Latin or Greek ) names for the prefixes was first proposed in a report by the French Revolutionary Commission on Weights and Measures in May 1793 .[ 3] :89 –96
The prefix kilo , for example , is used to multiply the unit by 1000 , and the prefix milli is to indicate a one - thousandth part of the unit .
Thus the kilogram and kilometre are a thousand grams and metres respectively , and a milligram and millimetre are one thousandth of a gram and metre respectively .
These relations can be written symbolically as : [ 6 ]
1 mg = 0.001 g
1 km = 1000 m
In the early days , multipliers that were positive powers of ten were given Greek - derived prefixes such as kilo - and mega- , and those that were negative powers of ten were given Latin - derived prefixes such as centi- and milli- .
However , 1935 extensions to the prefix system did not follow this convention : the prefixes nano - and micro- , for example have Greek roots .[ 1] :222–223 During the 19th century the prefix myria- , derived from the Greek word μύριοι ( mýrioi ) , was used as a multiplier for 10000 . [ 7 ]
When applying prefixes to derived units of area and volume that are expressed in terms of units of length squared or cubed , the square and cube operators are applied to the unit of length including the prefix , as illustrated below . [ 6 ]
1 mm2 ( square millimetre ) = ( 1 mm ) 2 = ( 0.001 m ) 2 = 0.000 001 m2 1 km2 ( square kilometre ) = ( 1 km ) 2 = ( 1000 m ) 2 = 1 000 000 m2 1 mm3 ( cubic millimetre ) = ( 1 mm ) 3 = ( 0.001 m) 3 = 0.000 000 001 m3 1 km3 ( cubic kilometre ) = ( 1 km ) 3 = ( 1000 m) 3 = 1 000 000 000 m3
Prefixes are not usually used to indicate multiples of a second greater than 1 ; the non-SI units of minute , hour and day are used instead .
On the other hand , prefixes are used for multiples of the non-SI unit of volume , the litre ( l , L ) such as millilitres ( ml ) . [ 6 ]
Coherence [ edit ]
James Clerk Maxwell played a major role in developing the concept of a coherent CGS system and in extending the metric system to include electrical units .
Each variant of the metric system has a degree of coherence — the derived units are directly related to the base units without the need for intermediate conversion factors .
[ 8 ]
For example , in a coherent system the units of force , energy and power are chosen so that the equations
force = mass × acceleration energy = force × distance energy = power × time
hold without the introduction of unit conversion factors .
Once a set of coherent units have been defined , other relationships in physics that use those units will automatically be true .
Therefore , Einstein 's mass–energy equation , E = mc2 , does not require extraneous constants when expressed in coherent units . [ 9 ]
The CGS system had two units of energy , the erg that was related to mechanics and the calorie that was related to thermal energy ; so only one of them ( the erg ) could bear a coherent relationship to the base units .
Coherence was a design aim of SI , which resulted in only one unit of energy being defined – the joule . [ 10 ]
Rationalisation [ edit ]
Maxwell 's equations of electromagnetism contained a factor relating to steradians , representative of the fact that electric charges and magnetic fields may be considered to emanate from a point and propagate equally in all directions , i.e. spherically .
This factor appeared awkwardly in many equations of physics dealing with the dimensionality of electromagnetism and sometimes other things .
Common metric systems [ edit ]
A number of different metric system have been developed , all using the Mètre des Archives and Kilogramme des Archives ( or their descendants ) as their base units , but differing in the definitions of the various derived units .
Gaussian second and the first mechanical system of units [ edit ]
In 1832 , Gauss used the astronomical second as a base unit in defining the gravitation of the earth , and together with the gram and millimetre , became the first system of mechanical units .
Centimetre–gram–second systems [ edit ]
The centimetre–gram–second system of units ( CGS ) was the first coherent metric system , having been developed in the 1860s and promoted by Maxwell and Thomson .
In 1874 , this system was formally promoted by the British Association for the Advancement of Science ( BAAS ) . [ 11 ]
The system 's characteristics are that density is expressed in g /cm3 , force expressed in dynes and mechanical energy in ergs .
Thermal energy was defined in calories , one calorie being the energy required to raise the temperature of one gram of water from 15.5 °C to 16.5 °C .
The meeting also recognised two sets of units for electrical and magnetic properties – the electrostatic set of units and the electromagnetic set of units . [ 12 ]
The EMU , ESU and Gaussian systems of electrical units [ edit ]
Several systems of electrical units were defined following discovery of Ohm 's law in 1824 .
International System of Electrical and Magnetic Units [ edit ]
The CGS units of electricity were cumbersome to work with .
This was remedied at the 1893 International Electrical Congress held in Chicago by defining the " international " ampere and ohm using definitions based on the metre , kilogram and second . [ 13 ]
Other early electromagnetic systems of units [ edit ]
During the same period in which the CGS system was being extended to include electromagnetism , other systems were developed , distinguished by their choice of coherent base unit , including the Practical System of Electric Units , or QES ( quad–eleventhgram–second ) system , was being used .
[ 14 ] :268[15 ]:17
Here , the base units are the quad , equal to 107 m ( approximately a quadrant of the earth 's circumference ) , the eleventhgram , equal to 10 − 11 g , and the second .
These were chosen so that the corresponding electrical units of potential difference , current and resistance had a convenient magnitude .
MKS and MKSA systems [ edit ]
In 1901 , Giovanni Giorgi showed that by adding an electrical unit as a fourth base unit , the various anomalies in electromagnetic systems could be resolved .
The metre–kilogram–second–coulomb ( MKSC ) and metre–kilogram–second–ampere ( MKSA ) systems are examples of such systems . [ 16 ]
The International System of Units ( Système international d'unités or SI ) is the current international standard metric system and is also the system most widely used around the world .
It is an extension of Giorgi 's MKSA system – its base units are the metre , kilogram , second , ampere , kelvin , candela and mole . [ 10 ]
The MKS ( metre–kilogram–second ) system came into existence in 1889 , when artefacts for the metre and kilogram were fabricated according to the Metre Convention .
Early in the 20th century , an unspecified electrical unit was added , and the system was called MKSX .
When it became apparent that the unit would be the ampere , the system was referred to as the MKSA system , and was the direct predecessor of the SI .
Metre–tonne–second systems [ edit ]
The metre–tonne–second system of units ( MTS ) was based on the metre , tonne and second – the unit of force was the sthène and the unit of pressure was the pièze .
It was invented in France for industrial use and from 1933 to 1955 was used both in France and in the Soviet Union . [ 17 ] [ 18 ]
Gravitational systems [ edit ]
Gravitational metric systems use the kilogram - force ( kilopond ) as a base unit of force , with mass measured in a unit known as the hyl , Technische Masseneinheit ( TME ) , mug or metric slug . [ 19 ]
Although the CGPM passed a resolution in 1901 defining the standard value of acceleration due to gravity to be 980.665 cm /s2 , gravitational units are not part of the International System of Units ( SI ) . [ 20 ]
International System of Units [ edit ]
The International System of Units is the modern metric system .
It is based on the metre–kilogram–second–ampere ( MKSA ) system of units from early in the 20th century .
It also includes numerous coherent derived units for common quantities like power ( watt ) and irradience ( lumen ) .
Electrical units were taken from the International system then in use .
Other units like those for energy ( joule ) were modelled on those from the older CGS system , but scaled to be coherent with MKSA units .
Two additional base units , degree Kelvin equivalent to degree Celsius for thermodynamic temperature , and candela , roughly equivalent to the international candle unit of illumination , were introduced .
Later , another base unit , the mole , a unit of mass equivalent to Avogadro 's number of specified molecules , was added along with several other derived units .
The system was promulgated by the General Conference on Weights and Measures ( French : Conférence générale des poids et mesures – CGPM ) in 1960 .
At that time , the metre was redefined in terms of the wavelength of a spectral line of the krypton - 86 [ Note 2 ] atom , and the standard metre artefact from 1889 was retired .
Today , the International system of units consists of 7 base units and innumerable coherent derived units including 22 with special names .
The last new derived unit , the katal for catalytic activity , was added in 1999 .
Some of the base units are now realised in terms of invariant constants of physics .
As a consequence , the speed of light has now become an exactly defined constant , and defines the metre as ​ 1 ⁄ 299,792,458 of the distance light travels in a second .
Until 2019 , the kilogram was defined by a man-made artefact of deteriorating platinum - iridium .
The range of decimal prefixes has been extended to those for 1024 , yotta , and 10 − 24 , yocto , which are unfamiliar because nothing in our everyday lives is that big or that small .
The International System of Units has been adopted as the official system of weights and measures by all nations in the world except for Myanmar , Liberia , and the United States , while the United States is the only industrialised country where the metric system is not the predominant system of units . [ 21 ]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
^ Non-SI units for time and plane angle measurement , inherited from existing systems , are an exception to the decimal - multiplier rule ^
A stable isotope of an inert gas that occurs in undetectable or trace amounts naturally
References [ edit ]
CAIRO ( AP )  A 26 - year - old doctor who exposed the torture of jailed protesters in Iran died of poisoning from a delivery salad laced with an overdose of blood pressure medication , prosecutors say .
The findings fueled opposition fears that he was killed because of what he knew .
Investigators are still trying to determine whether his death last month was a suicide or murder , Tehran 's public prosecutor Abbas Dowlatabadi said , according to the state news agency IRNA .
The revelations of torture against prisoners in Iran 's postelection turmoil angered even government supporters and deeply embarrassed the country 's clerical leadership and security forces .
Much of the abuse took place at Kahrizak , a prison on Tehran 's outskirts where hundreds of opposition protesters were taken .
Several there died , and the facility became so notorious that Iran 's supreme leader was forced to close it down .
Ramin Pourandarjani , a doctor at Kahrizak , later testified to a parliamentary committee and reportedly told them that a young protester he treated died from severe torture .
He said he was also forced by security officials to list the cause of death as meningitis , according to opposition websites .
Pourandarjani died on Nov. 10 in mysterious circumstances , with authorities initially saying he was in a car accident , had a heart attack or committed suicide .
Forensic tests showed that the doctor died of " poisoning by drugs " that matched doses of propranolol found in a salad that was delivered to him , Dowlatabadi said Tuesday .
" A large number of these pills must be used for a person to pass away from them , " he said .
Propranolol is used to treat high blood pressure , rapid heart rate and tremors , and can be lethal in high doses .
The restaurant delivery man told investigators that he gave the salad directly to Pourandarjani and described how the doctor took it from him at the door of his room , then closed the door behind him , Dowlatabadi said .
The delivery man is not under arrest , he said .
Last week , Iran 's top police commander , Ismail Ahmadi Moghaddam , insisted the death was a suicide .
He said the doctor faced criminal charges over failure to fulfill his duties to treat the detainees and killed himself in despair in a courthouse lounge .
The police chief said a note was found with the body .
But the police chief , speaking more than a week after the death , only highlighted the mysteries .
His comments were the first and only public word that Pourandarjani had faced any charges — or that he had died in a courthouse .
The IRNA report on the prosecutor 's announcement did not say where the doctor was when the salad was delivered to him .
One pro-reform lawmaker dismissed the claims and suggested a link to the prison torture .
" It is impossible to accuse him of suicide , " said Masood Pezeshkian , the pro-opposition website Roozonline reported Wednesday .
" The idea of suicide by someone who had no problems and no serious disease — and was present during the events at Kahrizak — seems questionable to us . "
The doctor 's father , Reza - Qoli Pourandarjani , told The Associated Press last month that he did n't believe any of the causes of death given so far by the government .
But he did n't go as far as accusing anyone of killing his son .
" Just the night before his death , my child talked to me on the phone , it was around 8 or 9 p.m .
He sounded great , very dignified , displaying no sign of someone about to commit suicide , " he said in a telephone interview from his home in Tabriz in northwestern Iran .
" He was even full of hope " and making plans with friends , the father said .
The next day , the elder Pourandarjani received a call from a Tehran security official informing him that his son was in a car accident with a broken leg and needed his consent to have surgery .
When he traveled to Tehran , " we found out that that was n't the case , " the father said .
Several opposition websites raised concerns that Pourandarjani was killed because he knew details on a number of torture victims at Kahrizak , including 24 - year - old Mohsen Rouhalamini , the son of a prominent conservative figure .
Rouhalamini 's death in late July was the main factor raising anger among government supporters over the abuse .
In his testimony , the doctor told the committee investigating abuse that Rouhalamini was brought to him at Kahrizak " in a dreadful state after being subjected to extreme physical torture .
He was in a critical state , " the opposition website Mowjcamp said , citing parliament officials .
Pourandarjani said that after the youth 's death , " officials in Kahrizak threatened that if I disclosed the causes of the wounds of the injured at Kahrizak , I would not be able to live , " the site reported .
Hundreds of protesters and opposition activists were arrested in the crackdown on protests following the disputed June 12 presidential election , in which the opposition says President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's victory was fraudulent .
The opposition says at least 69 people were killed while the government has confirmed around 30 deaths .
More than 100 protesters , activists and pro-reform opposition have been on trial , accused of fueling the protests and being part of a plot to overthrow the government .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The holiday plans of nearly 1 million British Airways passengers have been thrown into chaos after cabin crew voted for a 12 - day strike over Christmas and the new year .
The walkout by 12,500 cabin crew between 22 December and 2 January will ground Heathrow airport 's largest carrier and will spark a scramble for tickets on rival airlines as passengers are forced to find alternative means of completing their journeys .
Cabin crew announced the strike dates at a highly charged meeting of Unite union members at Sandown racecourse this afternoon following a ballot of staff over changes to staff numbers and budgets .
If BA management and Unite representatives fail to reach a compromise agreement over the next week , the walkout will deal a crippling financial and reputational blow to the airline .
BA is already on course to lose £ 600 m in the current year after posting a record loss of £ 401 m in the 12 months to March 2009 .
However , the biggest blow will be to about 910,000 passengers who were booked to travel with BA on the strike dates , including the days before and after the scheduled strikes when services are also expected to be disrupted .
BA expects to carry about 65,000 passengers a day over the festive period .
The last serious industrial dispute involving cabin crew , in early 2007 , saw BA refund passengers or switch them to services with other airlines if space was available and is estimated to have cost the carrier £ 80 m .
The announcement of strike action came just a few hours after BA released details of a near - doubling of its pension deficit to £ 3.7bn , up from £ 1.9bn .
Analysts said the pensions black hole – one of the largest pension fund deficits in the private sector – was bigger than expected , although not so high that it would derail the group 's planned merger with the Spanish carrier Iberia .
A BA spokeswoman denied that the pension funds announcement was deliberately timed to coincide with the Sandown meeting .
" The pension scheme is not an issue that is part of the ballot .
Once we had reached an agreement with the pension trustees , we had to release it to the market . "
However , the widened funding gap underlines the loss - making airline 's need to return to profitability as soon as possible .
" The airline and trustees will now work together to develop a recovery plan , a process which will involve the company consulting with employees and their trade unions , " BA said .
Douglas McNeill , analyst at Astaire Securities , said the main issue for the airline was whether trustees put further strain on the carrier 's balance sheet by demanding an increase in the annual £ 330 m payment that BA pours into the funds .
" This is a precursor to the main event with the trustees about whether cash contributions will have to rise .
The company has a fairly strong case because it is on course to lose a lot of money this year .
It can argue with a lot of conviction that it is in no position to increase payments in cash terms . "
According to one analyst , a two - day strike would cost the airline £ 50 m , with a 12 - day walkout costing the airline about £ 300 m .
BA recently raised the amount of accessible cash on its balance sheet to about £ 2bn but had anticipated using that money to weather the effects of the recession , not a severe bout of industrial action .
AFTER the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , it was widely asserted at the time , nothing would be the same .
What Pearl Harbor had been for our parents and grandparents , 9/11 would be for us : a shattering national wake - up call revealing the gaping holes in America ’s homeland security and the reality that we were at war with an implacable enemy whose defeat would require years of resolve .
But it became clear after a while that for many Americans , 9/11 had not marked a break with old ways of thinking .
As the near - unanimity of 9/11 receded , Americans divided into what Fred Barnes dubbed September 12 people , for whom 9/11 had changed everything , and September 10 people , who believed the terrorist threat was being exaggerated by the Bush administration .
Would that divide have closed if Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab had succeeded in blowing up Northwest Airlines Flight 253 over Detroit on Christmas Day ?
If Al Qaeda , which reportedly trained Abdulmutallab in Yemen and is claiming responsibility for the thwarted attack , had succeeded in carrying out another 9/11 , would the short - lived unity and moral clarity of that terrible day in 2001 have returned ?
Had Flight 253 ended in mass - murder as the bomb plotters intended , Americans would today be filled with grief and fury .
They would also be grappling with some hard lessons - lessons that in recent years too many had been inclined to dismiss .
Among them :
1. Terrorism is n’t caused by poverty and ignorance .
Abdulmutallab came from a wealthy and privileged family and had studied at one of Britain ’s top universities .
He was n’t trying to kill hundreds of Americans out of socioeconomic despair .
Like the 9/11 hijackers and countless other jihadists , Abdulmutallab was motivated by ideological and religious fanaticism .
The teachings of militant Islam may seem monstrous to outsiders , but that is no reason to doubt that their adherents genuinely believe them or that by giving their lives for jihad they hope to change the world .
2 . The global jihad is real .
Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano was widely derided for initially insisting that Flight 253 was n’t blown up because “ the system worked ’’ and “ the whole process went very smoothly . ’’
But far more troubling was her effort to downplay any suggestion that Abdulmutallab ’s attempted attack was “ part of anything larger ’ ’ - this even after he had acknowledged his ties to Al Qaeda .
Of course Abdulmutallab is part of something larger :
He is part of the global jihad - the relentless assault by Islamist radicals whose deadly serious goal is the submission of America and the West to Islamic law .
If government officials like Napolitano cannot bring themselves to speak plainly about the jihadists ’ ambitions , how will they ever succeed in crushing them ?
3. Terrorists can always adapt to new restrictions .
After 9/11 , knives and sharp metal objects were banned from carry - on luggage , so Richard Reid attempted to detonate a shoe bomb .
Thereafter everyone ’s shoes were checked , so the Heathrow plotters planned to use liquid - based explosives .
Now liquids are strictly limited , so Abdulmutallab smuggled PETN , an explosive powder , in his underwear .
There is no physical constraint that determined jihadists cannot find a way to circumvent .
Yet US airport security remains obstinately reactive - focused on intercepting dangerous things , instead of intercepting dangerous people .
Unwilling to incorporate ethnic and religious profiling into our air - travel security procedures , we have saddled ourselves with a mediocre security system that inconveniences everyone while protecting no one .
4. The Patriot Act was not a reckless overreaction .
Security in a post 9/11 world has not come from pressing a “ reset button , ’’ sending Guantanamo inmates to Yemen , or avoiding phrases like “ war on terrorism . ’’
It has come from stepped - up surveillance , stronger intelligence - gathering tools , and governmental authority to seize records , monitor communications , and conduct searches .
Congress was not out of its mind when it enacted the Patriot Act in 2001 , and the Bush administration was not trampling the Constitution when it deployed the expanded powers the law gave it :
They were trying to prevent another 9/11 , and by and large they succeeded .
President Obama has repeatedly and ostentatiously criticized his predecessor ’s approach .
Perhaps it is not coincidental that Obama ’s first year in office has also seen an unprecedented surge in terrorist threats on US soil .
We came fearfully close to having to re-learn those lessons the hard way last week .
The world remains extremely dangerous , and the war against radical Islam is far from over .
Flight 253 was another wake - up call .
Did the September 10 people hear it ?
Jeff Jacoby can be reached at jacoby@globe.com .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
How come we do n't call Newt Gingrich stupid ?
Or Dick Cheney or Kay Bailey Hutchinson or Elizabeth Dole or Dennis Hastert ?
And the list goes on and on of heinous and deplorable right - wingers who are not stupid .
We do n't make those charges against those people , because as much as we might not agree with them or like them , we know that they are not dullards .
They 're all clever in their own way .
Mitt Romney is greasy , Michael Steele is a clown and Tom DeLay is dirty , but we do n't go after their mental acuity like we do with Sarah Palin because they 're not as dumb as her ( not even Steele ) .
So , finally we get to the evidence .
I thought I 'd just do it here and be done with it .
Then I can just point people to this post from now on and end this senseless argument .
Now , there are a million examples of this , but I thought I 'd go with three knockout punches here .
In the first video , we have the classic Bush Doctrine answer , where she does not know the basic foreign policy of the Republican president at the time .
How could she possibly be running for vice president and not know this ?
The only thing more unconscionable is the sad excuses her supporters make for this terribly botched answer .
In the second video , we have a largely overlooked example of her pathetic lack of foreign policy knowledge .
She has no idea what Hamas is or what they have to do with the Gaza Strip .
If your next door neighbor or plumber does n't know this , that 's fine , but they were n't running for Vice President of the United States .
This should be game set and match for anyone , especially self - respecting conservatives , thinking of supporting her .
This is when you have to walk away embarrassed .
But remarkably , they did n't slink away embarrassed after this answer , so we have the latest example of her buffoonery .
In this interview with Bill O'Reilly , he asks her if she is smart enough to be president .
Her answer has to be seen to be believed .
Do n't get me wrong , just because you see it wo n't mean you 'll understand it .
So , I put a transcript of her answer below so that you can try to decipher it in your spare time .
Bill O'Reilly :
Let me be very bold and fresh again , do you believe that you are smart enough , incisive enough , intellectual enough to handle the most powerful job in the world ?
Sarah Palin : I believe that I am because I have common sense and I have I believe the values that I think are reflective of so many other American values , and I believe that what Americans are seeking is not the elitism , the uhm , the ah , a kind of spineless , spinelessness that perhaps is made up for that with some kind of elite , Ivy league education and , and a fat resume that is based on anything but hard work and private sector , free enterprise principles .
Americans are could be seeking something like that in positive change in their leadership , I 'm not saying that that has to be me .
Can anyone really be biased enough to think that was a smart answer ?
The great irony is that he asked her if she 's smart enough to be president and she gave what might be her dumbest answer yet .
That answer was so bad it almost made George W. Bush look smart .
Can anyone in good conscience defend that answer and say with a straight face that she should be this country 's leader ?
If you say yes , then there is no sense in talking to one another anymore because we are not operating in the same reality , or planet .
We 'll never be able to agree on anything if we can't agree that was just about as incomprehensible and stupid an answer as you can possibly come up with .
And that settles the debate , because you either live in the reality based world and realize she is obviously not qualified , or in the immortal words of Stephen Colbert you believe that " reality has a well - known liberal bias " and she would make a great president .
TYT Reaches 100,000 Subcribers on You Tube
Here is a small selection of events that have taken place in Britain since the end of Israel 's Operation Cast Lead in Gaza earlier this year .
The government has imposed a partial arms embargo on Israel and failed to vote against the Goldstone report in the U.N .
The charities War on Want and Amnesty International U.K. have both promoted a book by the anti-Israeli firebrand Ben White , tellingly called " Israeli Apartheid : A Beginner 's Guide . "
The Trades Union Congress at its annual conference has called ...
Palestinian Authority leaders say that they are launching a new diplomatic campaign to gain international backing for a Palestinian state , after which they will unilaterally declare statehood in the West Bank , Gaza Strip , and East Jerusalem – without waiting for a peace treaty with Israel .
Israel pushed back Sunday , issuing a warning that such a declaration of statehood would destroy previous peace agreements and goodwill .
The already rocky road to peace talks – which the US and other international mediators have for months been trying to coax Israelis and Palestinians back onto – just got rougher .
The statehood push comes just 10 days after Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said the he would not seek office in the next Palestinian elections , and phrased his announcement as an effective threat of resignation not just from office but the peace process itself .
Israeli intransigence and US ineffectiveness over Israeli settlements were largely to blame , he said .
Now , Mr. Abbas plans to actively solicit worldwide support for a declaration of Palestinian statehood , irrespective of any negotiations with Israel .
Statehood by UN vote
Abbas ' chief negotiator , Saeb Erekat , said in an interview this weekend with the newspaper al - Ayyam that the Palestinian leader was going to turn to the UN Security Council to obtain recognition of a Palestinian state through a vote .
In launching this campaign for statehood , aides said Abbas would travel to Cairo Wednesday to discuss the idea with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak , after which he would visit other regions – including Europe and Latin America – to shore up support .
The move could be a spark for stalled peacemaking efforts , or it could itself spur further conflict between Palestinians and Israelis – who view the Palestinian proposal to unilaterally declare statehood as an out - and - out threat .
Either way , the latest Palestinian moves show the extent to which the Palestinian leadership is frayed by the last few frustrating weeks of failed diplomacy , and appears to have lost faith in a US - brokered peace process bringing genuine results .
" The Israelis impeded negotiations , and therefore we are left with only this option in order to safeguard our national project , " says Mohammed Shtayyeh , a member of the Fatah Central Council in Ramallah .
" We have been left with no other choices and nothing to lose , " Mr. Shtayyeh says .
" How can Abbas or any other Palestinian leader survive in this context without political developments ?
This is the only thing we can offer our people now .
The time is right . "
Netanyahu :
Only one way forward
Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warned on Sunday night that negotiation was the only way forward , and that a unilateral move on the Palestinians ' part would mean the end of the process begun with the 1993 Oslo Accords .
" There is no substitute for negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority , and any unilateral path will only unravel the framework of agreements between us and will only bring unilateral steps from Israel 's side , " Netanyahu told a Middle East policy conference .
Earlier in the day , Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak warned Netanyahu 's cabinet at its weekly meeting that the risks of the Palestinians declaring their own state were real , because many countries across the international community could be expected to support the statehood proposal .
Israel itself was created by a vote in the United Nations .
" Without an agreement , there is a possibility that support will increase for the Palestinians declaring a state unilaterally , " Mr. Barak told the cabinet , according to a statement released afterwards .
Hani el - Masri , a political analyst and columnist in the West Bank city of Ramallah , says that Abbas sees his list of options as running short .
Attempts to restart peace talks since President Obama took office in January have not borne fruit , which Abbas blames primarily on Israel 's refusal to call a total freeze on settlement growth .
Netanyahu says he 's ready to come back to talks without preconditions , meaning a settlement slow - down is all that 's on offer .
In recent weeks , Palestinians perceived a US tilt towards Netanyahu 's position , though US officials say the Obama administration 's policy on the issue has not changed .
" Abbas is at a serious deadlock .
The Americans have embarrassed him , and the Israelis are not proceeding in any viable peace process , " says Mr. el - Masri .
" The only option that 's left , as Abbas sees it , is for Palestinians is to declare the state unilaterally with backing from the United Nations . "
The Palestinians see UN recognition as a safeguard towards Israel reoccupying West Bank cities , as former premier Ariel Sharon did in 2001 and 2002 , during the Al Aqsa Intifada .
" Sharon marched back into the Palestinians territories , and Netanyahu could do the same now .
But once the Palestinians get recognition internationally , Israel will not be able to take such a step , " Masri says of Abbas ' logic .
" The Palestinians are stuck .
We do n't know when we 'll next have elections .
Hamas is procrastinating .
Abbas has to achieve something just to keep functioning , and a declaration of statehood will give the PA a boost . "
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) -- Today , Congress may finally be closing in on an answer to one of the great open questions from the Crash of 2008 :
Why did Bank of America management not tell its shareholders about the mounting fourth - quarter losses at Merrill Lynch a few weeks before shareholders voted to approve BofA's $ 50 billion acquisition of Merrill on December 5 , 2008 ?
Some members of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform think they finally have found their smoking gun in a series of previously unseen documents that recount BofA 's deliberations on whether to tell shareholders about the Merrill losses .
The documents are said to include the advice BofA management received from its law firm , Wachtell Lipton , on the issue .
Additional , fireworks may come from Tim Mayopoulos and Brian Moynihan -- former and current BofA executives , respectively -- who are expected to testify before Congress today .
The betting on Wall Street is that the documents will contain some juicy evidence concerning what BofA ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) executives and Wachtell lawyers relied upon to reach their collective decision not to release the growing Merrill losses .
The Wachtell lawyers as well as Mayopoulos and Moynihan were among those interviewed by Congress , in private .
The speculation is that BofA management and the bank 's legal team at Wachtell started out thinking that the bank would have to disclose the growing Merrill losses .
This was reportedly the plan through October , but after reviewing documents about the projected losses provided to them by Merrill in November 2008 , BofA 's leaders changed the plan and decided not to report the losses .
The questions hanging in the air -- and that will likely be answered today and in the days following the hearing -- pertain to the accuracy and the reliability of the Merrill forecasts about the losses looming in their portfolio of toxic assets : Did BofA executives and Wachtell 's lawyers use the Merrill documents as a reliable forecast even though they knew there were flaws in them ?
Did their guesswork about the Merrill losses form the basis for their conclusion that shareholders did not need a disclosure of the mounting losses ?
Did their guesswork masquerade as a thorough analysis of the potential losses ?
Was there even any analysis by BofA of the losses ?
The reason that answers to these important questions are finally coming to light now has to do with a cache of documents that were turned over to Congress and to Andrew Cuomo , the New York State attorney general , on October 16 after months of legal wrangling between the banks and the politicians .
BofA claimed that the advice it received from Wachtell was subject to attorney - client privilege and had no intention of waving that privilege .
But under intense pressure from Congress and from Cuomo , the bank relented and turned over boxes of documents and emails , said to number in the thousands .
Some of these documents will likely be released at today 's hearing -- as has been the Committee 's custom -- and some may be released subsequent to the hearing should the congressmen on the Committee choose to pursue further the matter with the SEC of whether securities laws were violated .
Rep. Dennis Kucinich ( D - Ohio ) for one has been particularly outspoken about pressing the SEC about whether BofA 's outgoing CEO Ken Lewis broke securities laws .
In August , Rep. Kucinich sent a letter to SEC chairman Mary Schapiro urging her to thoroughly investigate the issue .
BofA said in a statement that the bank has done nothing wrong .
" We are confident the record demonstrates what we have said all along : Throughout the deliberations around our acquisition of Merrill Lynch , Bank of America acted in good faith and consulted with one of the premier law firms in the United States to work through tough issues in the face of unprecedented economic conditions .
Despite the challenges , the transaction has turned out to be a success for our customers , for our shareholders , and , ultimately , the taxpayer . "
Getting past the rhetoric and getting to the bottom of whether BofA management misled shareholders is essential , of course , because it is the largest bank in the country and Merrill Lynch is one of the world 's largest investment banks .
Taxpayers have now lent BofA $ 45 billion in TARP funds and countless more billions in the form of guarantees .
The men and women at the top of these organizations get paid millions of dollars a year to evaluate the potential risks to which they ended up exposing not only their shareholders and creditors but also , now , the American taxpayers .
Some emails and documents have already leaked out , and they do not paint a pretty picture .
One January 15 , 2009 email chain between two members of the BofA board of directors , who are buddies -- Chad Gifford , a former CEO of FleetBoston Financial , a bank acquired by BofA , and Thomas May , Chairman and CEO of NSTAR , a Boston - based utility -- may not sit well with John Q. Public .
While Lewis was briefing them about the government 's new bailout for BofA seems to sum up well the overriding theme of the deal , from at least one perspective .
The two men were joking around as they were hearing the news , via a board conference call , and when Gifford encouraged May to pay closer attention instead of emailing him , May wrote Gifford : " Screw you . "
To which Gifford responded , a minute later : " Unfortunately , it 's screw the shareholders ! ! "
Gifford and May are also expected to testify today .
On last night 's Channel 31 late newscast , reporter Heidi Hemmat mined comedy gold with the story above , about a Boulder man who 's created a " THC ministry " that ordains anyone , Hemmat included , willing to treat ganja as a religious sacrament .
The most humorous moment -- even funnier than the use of Pink Floyd as background music ?
Hemmat 's conversation with Colorado Attorney General
.
After first arguing that the weed - as - religious - totem gambit is illegal ( not that he threatened to bust anyone ) , Suthers said that if someone really needs marijuana that badly , " I suggest you go see a doctor and convince him you have a debilitating condition . "
Is the Colorado attorney general really giving tips to the public about how to obtain medical marijuana using fraud and deception ?
You be the judge .
Let us pray .
It 's Barbie in a burkha : World - famous doll gets a makeover to go under the hammer for 50th anniversary
One of the world 's most famous children 's toys , Barbie , has been given a makeover - wearing a burkha .
Wearing the traditional Islamic dress , the iconic doll is going undercover for a charity auction in connection with Sotheby 's for Save The Children .
More than 500 Barbies went on show yesterday at the Salone dei Cinquecento , in Florence , Italy .
Burkha Barbie :
The iconic doll wearing traditional Islamic dress
Makers Mattel are backing the exhibition which is the work of Italian designer Eliana Lorena .
The auction is part of Barbie celebrations for her 50th anniversary this year .
The UK's biggest Barbie fan Angela Ellis , 35 , has a collection of more than 250 dolls .
The company director of Laird Assessors from The Wirral , Cheshire , said : ' Bring it on Burkha Barbie , I think this is a great idea .
' I think this is really important for girls , wherever they are from they should have the opportunity to play with a Barbie that they feel represents them .
Designer : Eliana Lorena is putting Barbie undercover for an auction to celebrate the doll 's 50th anniversary
' I know Barbie was something seen as bad before as an image for girls , but in actual fact the message with Barbie for women is you can be whatever you want to be .
' I have a Barbie in a wheelchair that was only out for six weeks . '
The mum - of - two's own Barbie collection is set to be displayed at London 's Victoria and Albert Museum in 2012 .
Barbie was first launched in March 1959 by American businesswoman Ruth Handler .
The doll was joined by her long - term boyfriend Ken in 1961 .
Rosie Shannon , from Save the Children , said all the proceeds from the auction will go to the charity .
She said : ' We are delighted Sotheby 's and the designer chose to auction the burka Barbie dolls for our charity . '
The money will go towards the Rewrite the Future campaign which helps millions of children around the world effected by conflict .
My name is Hallan Turrek .
This is my blog .
Last week after the Nashville Predators filed a lawsuit against the Sommet Group over the non-payment of arena naming rights fees , the story took a bit of a turn sideways as Brian Whitfield , the CEO of the Sommet Group , informed a reporter at The Tennessean that Predators chairman and principal owner David Freeman had a federal tax lien currently in force , due to personal income taxes owed .
While it was certainly newsworthy to hear that Freeman is in debt to the IRS , and working to sell assets to pay it off , how was that related to the Sommet Group not paying fees owed to the team ?
Other than causing personal embarrassment to Freeman ( and stirring up the press in Toronto ) , what do federal tax liens have to do with anything here ?
Apparently , quite a bit , as it turns out ...
Thanks to a tip from OtF reader BamaMan - PredFan , this comes from the October 23 , 2009 print edition of the Nashville Business Journal , which lists recently filed federal tax liens :
Who is " Personel[sic ] Department " , do you ask ?
Let 's go back to the lawsuit that the Preds filed last week ( emphasis mine ) :
Personnel Department is a limited liability company organized and existing under the laws of the State of Tennessee , and maintains its principal place of business at 725 Cool Spring Boulevard , Suite 320 , Franklin , Tennessee 37067 .
Although originally formed as " The Personnel Department LLC , " the company , by articles of amendment filed with the Tennessee Secretary of State November 6 , 2009 , changed its name to " Sommet Group , LLC . "
Yup , that 's right .
The Sommet Group has a federal tax lien slapped on them , too .
That would certainly explain why they 've had trouble paying their obligations to the Nashville Predators .
What it does n't explain is why Whitman would try to embarrass Freeman publicly by revealing his tax lien , while his own company faces a similar situation .
Evidently he was confident that The Tennessean would n't do any digging around of their own on this .
Sure enough , they took Whitfield 's accusation , verified that it was true , and ran with it , rather than do some elementary ground work to see whether the Sommet Group was simply trying to divert attention from their own financial troubles .
UPDATE : Another curiosity can be found at the Tennessee Department of Commerce and Insurance website .
The Personnel Department LLC is listed as having a delinquent business license as of July 31 , 2009 for employee leasing ( temporary staffing ) , while the Sommet Group is shown as an " unapproved applicant . "
I spoke to someone there who said that while the firm is going through the process of getting this license renewed , they should not be conducting business until that is complete ( perhaps as early as next week ) .
It can't possibly be good for the Sommet Group to have a federal tax lien hanging over them , and have a portion of the business interrupted while a licensing issue remains unresolved .
Active Life Techniques > Happiness > Active Life Description | Discussion | See also Description Live an active life .
Keep busy .
Get out .
Do not give yourself time to be unhappy .
Find a hobby , or two , or three .
Join clubs and share and learn about your hobby with others .
Go the gym .
Take up a sport or game play , from football to chess .
Travel .
See the world .
Visit towns and cities near and far .
Talk to different people , wherever you are .
Hear their stories and tell them yours .
Volunteer .
Join groups who help other people , from the homeless to the sick .
Join societies that clean up the countryside or preserve ancient buildings .
Use your knowledge to help run charities .
Use your hands to do whatever needs doing .
At work , take on work .
Be busy .
Seek to add value .
If you are under - occupied , seek more or move to a more active job .
If at home with nothing better to do , tidy up or clean the house .
Or read about other things you can do .
Discussion
This is a very common approach to achieving reasonable happiness .
Many people just like doing things and cannot stand standing still .
People who live a happy active life may well be extravert , as getting out often means interacting with others .
This is not necessarily so , however , and some indulge in lone hobbies , building models in the garage or walking in the wilderness .
Busy - ness does not always lead to great happiness , but it at least staves off boredom and can distract you from less happy thoughts .
It can also help you find meaning and build social networks .
Research by Sheldon and Lyubominsky has shown that it is much more powerful to change what you do , rather than change your circumstances .
See also Varying experiences , Achievable challenge Sheldon , K. M. , & Lyubomirsky , S. ( 2006 ) .
Achieving sustainable gains in happiness : Change your actions , not your circumstances .
Journal of Happiness Studies , 7 , 55 - 86 .
By Nick Ryan
The Epilogue private server recently closed down
For legions of gamers , entering Azeroth or the Kingdom of Khanduras is a chance to shake off the rules and conventions of the real world , and immerse themselves in fantasy .
In these mythical lands almost anything goes .
But for a select few , even the freedoms offered by these imaginary worlds are too restrictive .
These gamers turn to the world of the " private server " , privately - hosted versions of commercially - available games where the creator 's rules no longer apply .
For every game with an online community , it is likely that scores or perhaps even hundreds of these exist .
I made my server because the game was n't available in the country at the time
" Hendrik "
There is no official tally because such servers are usually under threat of closure from games firms .
But a quick web search will turn up advertisements for hundreds .
Games such as the hugely - popular fantasy World of Warcraft ( WoW ) as well as plenty of first - person shooters have spawned numerous pirated worlds .
They are typically run by amateurs and allow gamers to assume powers unavailable in the commercial form of the game .
Crucially , players rarely pay a subscription fee for the privilege of entering the world - unlike retail versions .
However , they are also notoriously buggy and many open and close within a short space of time .
Short life For South African gamer , Hendrick ( not his real name ) it was a simple decision to set up his own WoW server .
" I made my server because the game was n't available in the country at the time , " he said .
The server was called One Shard and was advertised through word - of - mouth .
At times it had up to 50 gamers online .
He set up the server to be as " Blizzlike " as he could , meaning it was as close to the real world of WoW created by Blizzard Entertainment .
Players set up private servers for a variety of reasons
One Shard was free to use , but like many such servers , full of bugs .
Hendrick moved onto the retail form of the game fairly swiftly after it became available .
" I played games master , had a lot of fun creating items and spawning world bosses on unsuspecting players .
But I only ran the server until about a week after the WoW launch in the country . "
But for amateur coder Henri , 17 , living on a farm with his parents in Belgium , there was a very different reason for hosting his server .
" Why ?
WoW requires 15 euros a month .
Private servers are completely free .
It 's a huge reason if you ask me .
" In addition , private servers have possibilities that you do n't have on retail . "
Part of the attraction , he said , was the ability to customise the game world : its characters , buildings , items and so on .
Another was the technical challenge of keeping the server running .
" Like everything that has to do with computers and programming , it 's not hard at all once you know it .
Now I 'm familiar with it , it 's a piece of cake . "
Tough choices
But private servers can evolve far beyond a teenage playground .
Twenty - one - year - old Swedish musician , novelist and artist , S , had a day job " playing the stock - market " .
However , he was also creator and owner of the Epilogue server , a private role - playing server for World of Warcraft .
Games firms have tried to clamp down on the practice
It had strict codes of conduct and rules , as well as a high degree of customised content ( such as new currency , methods of earning experience , the ability to construct buildings and hire non-player characters , plus ' permanent ' player death ) unavailable in the retail version of the game .
" I would consider Epilogue to be my first serious attempt at a private server , " said S. " The idea started when I quit playing retail : the almost non-existent role playing support from Blizzard was ticking me off .
" I 'm definitely not alone about feeling that way ; there are still thousands of role players out there feeling the same . "
" I wanted Epilogue to be unique , " he added .
" Hated and loved .
I think we did quite a good job . "
S said that he had researched and played on many other private servers before designing Epilogue .
He even hired in writers to develop an entirely new background story , or " lore " , for his world , separate to that created by World of Warcraft 's owners .
He also gathered a team of coders and scripters to create some of the special effects he needed .
But with it requiring seven to eight hours of his time a day , S had to choose between Epilogue and his real life : the server recently closed , though others are trying to re-open it .
Crack down
Unsurprisingly , the top games companies have been less than impressed by such developments .
Last year NCsoft and Blizzard went on the offensive .
NCsoft , publisher of massively multiplayer online games such as Guild Wars , Lineage II and City of Heroes , called the existence of private servers " a growing menace of intellectual property theft " and launched legal action against an inter - net cafe chain in Greece it claimed was hosting its games .
" Illegal game servers have a hugely negative impact on both NCsoft Europe and its customers , " commented Max Brown , NCsoft Europe 's sales & operations director .
Everyone does it and the big guys can't help it .
It 'd be hard to go and arrest the whole world
Henri Blizzard Entertainment , which produces World of Warcraft , Diablo , Starcraft and other titles similarly launched a legal crackdown last December , starting legal proceedings against several private server hosts .
" We take pride in the work we 've created and are committed to helping reduce copyright infringement and software piracy , " said a spokesperson , who claimed that the firm handled many complaints from gamers who have been exposed to malicious software or fraud after joining a private server .
" We also have a responsibility to our players to ensure the integrity and reliability of their World of Warcraft gaming experience and that responsibility compels us to protect our rights . "
But not everyone feels the industry has got it right .
" The situation has strong parallels to the music industry and file - sharing , " said Tom Lingard , senior associate in the intellectual property team at law firm Stevens & Bolton LLP .
" Games companies probably know that it is impractical or impossible to take action against every unauthorised server .
However , they do need to be seen to be doing something and may also be compelled to take action against particularly popular servers in order to protect their revenues . "
The music industry 's approach to file - sharing has varied from targeting major sites , such as Napster and the Pirate Bay to suing people for downloading songs .
" There is a similar range of legal options open to games companies - including actions for breach of contract and copyright infringement - but the difficult part is striking a balance and picking their battles carefully . "
It is a parallel that is not lost on Henri .
" It 's illegal , but nobody cares , " he says .
" Everyone does it and the big guys can't help it .
It 'd be hard to go and arrest the whole world . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Caracas , December 16th 2009 ( Venezuelanalysis.com ) – During his speech to the 15th United Nations Climate Change Summit in Copenhagen , Denmark , Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez slammed the “ lack of political will ” of the most powerful nations to take serious action to avert climate change , and called for systemic change to save the planet .
Chavez , who received a standing ovation for his speech , said the process in Copenhagen is “ not democratic ; it is not inclusive . ”
In particular , he criticised an attempt by rich countries to overturn the Kyoto Protocol .
Doing so would eliminate differentiation between the obligations of rich and poor countries , treating countries from the Global North and South as equally responsible for climate change .
“ There is a group of countries that believe they are superior to those of us from the South , to those of us from the Third Word … this does not surprise us … we are again faced with powerful evidence of global imperial dictatorship , ” Chavez said .
The Venezuelan president also applauded the initiative of the protesters outside the summit who were calling for serious measures to stop catastrophic climate change .
“ There are many people outside ...
I 've read in the news that there were some arrests , some intense protests there in the streets of Copenhagen , and I salute all those people out there , the majority of them youth …
They are young people concerned for the world ’s future , ” he said .
“ I have been reading some of the slogans painted in the streets …
One said , ‘ Do n’t Change the Climate , Change the System ! ’ –
And I bring that on board for us .
Let ’s not change the climate .
Let ’s change the system !
And as a consequence , we will begin to save the planet .
Capitalism is a destructive development model that is putting an end to life , that threatens to put a definitive end to the human species . ”
Another notable slogan is , “ If the climate were a bank , they would have bailed it out already , ” Chavez said during his speech .
“ It ’s true ; the rich governments have saved the capitalist banks , ” he said , but they lack “ the political will ” to make the necessary reductions to greenhouse emissions .
“ One could say there is a spectre at Copenhagen , to paraphrase Karl Marx … almost no - one wants to mention it : the spectre of capitalism , ” he declared .
History requires all people to struggle against capitalism , and if we do n’t , life on the planet “ will disappear , ” the Venezuelan president argued .
“ Do the rich think they can go to another planet when they ’ve destroyed this one ? ” he asked as he recommended a copy of a book by Hervé Kampf , “ How the Rich are Destroying the Planet . ”
“ Climate change is undoubtedly the most devastating environmental problem of this century .
Floods , droughts , severe storms , hurricanes , melting ice caps , rise in average sea levels , ocean acidification , and heat waves , all of that sharpens the impact of global crisis besetting us , ” he continued .
Human activity is exceeding the limits of sustainability and endangering life on the planet , but the impacts of climate change are also being felt disproportionately by the world ’s poor , Chavez explained .
He also pointed to the relationship between economic inequality and levels of greenhouse gas emissions .
He said the richest 500 million people , or 7 % of the world ’s population , are responsible for 50 % of global greenhouse emissions , while the poorest 50 % of the worlds population are responsible for only 7 % of total emissions .
Using this analysis , he argued that it was not feasible to call countries such as the U.S. and China to sit at the summit on an equal footing , insisting that the same obligations can not be imposed on both nations .
The U.S. , with a population of 300 million , consumes more than 20 million barrels of oil a day , while China , whose population is almost five times greater than that of the U.S. , consumes around 5 - 6 million barrels a day , he pointed out .
The behind - the - scenes negotiations at the summit have been marked by sharp disputes between the U.S. and China , and between rich and poor nations .
Poor countries have criticised rich countries for attempting to set inadequate emissions targets for industrialised countries and for pledging insufficient funding for poor countries to alleviate the impacts of climate change .
According to various reports , poor nations argue that rich countries should reduce their greenhouse gas emissions by 40 percent below 1990 levels by 2020 .
The European Union has pledged a 20 percent reduction .
The U.S. however , has only offered only a 3 - 4 percent cut .
Outside in the streets of Copenhagen mass demonstrations calling for “ climate justice ” have been repressed by police using pepper spray and batons .
More than 1000 people have been arrested .
“ We ask from Venezuela : How much longer are we going to allow such injustices and inequalities ?
How much longer are we going to tolerate the current international economic order and prevailing market mechanisms ? ”
Chavez questioned .
Chavez called for the summit to change direction .
“ We can not continue like this .
Let ’s change course , but without cynicism , without lies , without double agendas , no documents out of the blue , with the truth out in the open , ” he said .
The United States needs to borrow ~ $ 1.5 trillion a year these days to fund its deficit .
And the concern among most deficit hawks is that the cost of that borrowing will rise as the economy comes back to life and inflation fears mount .
So far , rates have remained stubbornly low .
The Treasury is now trying to move its borrowing " out the curve , " however - - borrowing money for longer periods to lessen the risk of a short rate increase -- and yesterday 's Treasury auction did n't go well : Specifically , lenders demanded higher than expected interest rates for their money .
The Fed , meanwhile , is stuck keeping short rates at near zero to quietly recapitalize the banks .
This combination has made the yield curve steeper than at any time in the past 29 years .
Bloomberg : Treasuries declined [ on Friday ] , with the yield gap between Treasury 2 - year notes and 30 - year bonds reaching the widest since at least 1980 amid lower - than - forecast demand for the $ 74 billion in notes and bonds auctioned in the week .
Treasury 10 - year notes fell for a second consecutive week as reports showed consumer confidence and retail sales rose more than forecast ...
“ We had sloppy 10 - and 30 - year auctions at time when there are less people in the market , ” said Larry Milstein , managing director in New York of government and agency debt trading at RW Pressprich & Co. , a fixed - income broker and dealer for institutional investors .
“ The short end is locked in by the Fed and the long end is starting to see pressure from supply .
Also , consumers are seeing some positive signs . ”
The spread between 2 - and 30 - year Treasuries reached 374 basis points on Dec. 10 , the most in 29 years , as the U.S. sold $ 13 billion of the so - called long bonds in the last of the week ’s auctions .
Read the whole thing >
See Also :
Brace For Hyperinflation
Brace For Hyperinflation 2
Brace For Hyperinflation 3
Although these two words are often used interchangeably , there is a difference between a coffin and a casket .
A proper coffin is wider at the shoulder and tapers toward the feet .
This was felt to be a prudent saving of costly wood as there was no need for width all the way to the bottom .
This style is still to be found in Europe today .
Coffins were sometimes very simple pine boxes , unlined and unadorned .
Fancier models were lined , had a coffin plate of brass or silver with the deceased ’s name and dates and sometimes a sentiment such as “ Our Darling ” or “ Beloved Wife ” , and had three metal handles on each side for the six pallbearers to grasp on the way to the grave .
Graves were sometimes lined with fir branches , and after the coffin was lowered , bricked over to discourage graverobbers or other disturbance .
It was not unusual for cabinet or furniture makers to do a brisk side trade in coffin making .
Lizzie Borden ’s father , Andrew J. Borden , was a carpenter by training before branching out into farming and real estate , and although not a mortician , he did build coffins and was an “ undertaker ” in the sense of providing items needed for a funeral such as chairs , coffin stands , conveyance to the grave , and other incidentals .
A newspaper article tells of Mr. Borden displaying a prominent Civil War casualty in the arcade window complete with bunting in the storefront of the furniture business he owned with partner William Almy , so as more citizens could view the body and pay their repects in a time before the rise of the conventional funeral “ parlor ” .
coffin plate
Embalming became a necessity in transporting Civil War dead from a distance back home again , but before those times , the dead were usually quickly buried and not embalmed .
For this reason , in their haste , errors were made and those in comas or showing signs of death were mistakenly buried alive .
Edgar Allan
Poe wrote a story of this unsettling possibility in his 1850 story , The Premature Burial .
Many patented safety coffins were invented to prevent this by means of a bell rope tied to the hand of the buried person which would communicate with the living by means of a bell above the ground .
Sometimes a flag could be raised , or even explosives ignited by the unfortunate Undead .
Exhumations over the years have proven that premature burial did indeed take place , however the expressions “ saved by the bell ” and “ dead ringer ” do NOT come from this situation .
“ Saved by the bell ” has its origins in the boxing ring , and “ dead ringer ” refers to substituting a look - alike for the genuine .
A casket originally referred to a small chest for storing and carrying jewels or precious objects .
A casket is a rectangular container of the same width from top to bottom .
It is generally padded and lined , and goes into the ground after the grave has been lined with a vault .
Today cemeteries still use concrete vaults or the new resin “ grave liners ” which also have sealed lids .
Caskets usually open at the top so the head and shoulders of the deceased may be viewed at the wake , and have the customary three handles on each side for pallbearers .
For more information on Victorian safety coffins , click on the following link for an excellent article http://www.americanartifacts.com/smma/life/life.htm
This afternoon a group of 23 prominent economists — including two Nobel laureates as well as previous members of both Democratic and Republican presidential administrations — sent a letter to President Obama about the priorities for health care reform .
The letter appears below .
For another take on the fiscal challenges for health care reform , see David Leonhardt ’s most recent column .
Dear Mr. President ,
As the full Senate prepares to debate comprehensive health reform legislation , we write as economists to stress the potential benefits of health reform for our nation ’s fiscal health , and the importance of those features of the bill that can help keep health care costs under control .
Four elements of the legislation are critical : ( 1 ) deficit neutrality , ( 2 ) an excise tax on high - cost insurance plans , ( 3 ) an independent Medicare commission , and ( 4 ) delivery system reforms .
Including these four elements in the reform legislation – as the Senate Finance Committee bill does and as we hope the bill brought to the Senate floor will do – will reduce long - term deficits , improve the quality of care , and put the nation on a firm fiscal footing .
It will help transform the health care system from delivering too much care , to a system that consistently delivers higher - quality , high - value care .
The projected increases in federal budget deficits , along with concerns about the value of the health care that Americans receive , make it particularly important to enact fiscally responsible and quality improving health reform now .
In developing our analysis and recommendation , we received input and suggestions from Administration officials , including the Office of Management and Budget and others , as well as from economists who disagree with the Administration ’s views .
The four key measures are :
Deficit neutrality .
Fiscally responsible health reform requires budget neutrality or deficit reduction over the coming years .
The Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) must project that the bill be at least deficit neutral over the 10 - year budget window , and deficit reducing thereafter .
Covering tens of millions of currently uninsured people will increase spending , but the draft health reform legislation contains offsetting savings sufficient to cover those costs and the seeds of further reforms that will lower the growth of spending .
Deficit neutrality over the first decade means that , even during the start - up period , the legislation will not add to our deficits .
After the first decade , the legislation should reduce deficits .
.
Fiscally responsible health reform requires budget neutrality or deficit reduction over the coming years .
The Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) must project that the bill be at least deficit neutral over the 10 - year budget window , and deficit reducing thereafter .
Covering tens of millions of currently uninsured people will increase spending , but the draft health reform legislation contains offsetting savings sufficient to cover those costs and the seeds of further reforms that will lower the growth of spending .
Deficit neutrality over the first decade means that , even during the start - up period , the legislation will not add to our deficits .
After the first decade , the legislation should reduce deficits .
Excise tax on high - cost insurance plans .
The Senate Finance Committee ’s bill includes an excise tax on high - cost health insurance plans .
Like any tax , the excise tax will raise federal revenues , but it has additional advantages for the health care system that are essential .
The excise tax will help curtail the growth of private health insurance premiums by creating incentives to limit the costs of plans to a tax - free amount .
In addition , as employers and health plans redesign their benefits to reduce health care premiums , cash wages will increase .
Analysis of the Senate Finance Committee ’s proposal suggests that the excise tax on high - cost insurance plans would increase workers ’ take - home pay by more than $ 300 billion over the next decade .
This provision offers the most promising approach to reducing private - sector health care costs while also giving a much needed raise to the tens of millions of Americans who receive insurance through their employers .
.
The Senate Finance Committee ’s bill includes an excise tax on high - cost health insurance plans .
Like any tax , the excise tax will raise federal revenues , but it has additional advantages for the health care system that are essential .
The excise tax will help curtail the growth of private health insurance premiums by creating incentives to limit the costs of plans to a tax - free amount .
In addition , as employers and health plans redesign their benefits to reduce health care premiums , cash wages will increase .
Analysis of the Senate Finance Committee ’s proposal suggests that the excise tax on high - cost insurance plans would increase workers ’ take - home pay by more than $ 300 billion over the next decade .
This provision offers the most promising approach to reducing private - sector health care costs while also giving a much needed raise to the tens of millions of Americans who receive insurance through their employers .
Medicare Commission .
Rising Medicare expenditures pose one of the most difficult fiscal challenges facing the federal government .
Medicare is technically complex and the benefits it underwrites are of critical importance to tens of millions of seniors and Americans with disabilities .
We believe that a commission of medical experts should be empowered to suggest changes in Medicare to improve the quality and value of services .
In particular , such a commission should be charged with developing and suggesting to Congress plans to extend the solvency of the Medicare program and improve the quality of care delivered to Medicare beneficiaries .
Creating such a commission will make sure that reforming the health care system does not end with this legislation , but continues in future decades , with new efforts to improve quality and contain costs .
Rising Medicare expenditures pose one of the most difficult fiscal challenges facing the federal government .
Medicare is technically complex and the benefits it underwrites are of critical importance to tens of millions of seniors and Americans with disabilities .
We believe that a commission of medical experts should be empowered to suggest changes in Medicare to improve the quality and value of services .
In particular , such a commission should be charged with developing and suggesting to Congress plans to extend the solvency of the Medicare program and improve the quality of care delivered to Medicare beneficiaries .
Creating such a commission will make sure that reforming the health care system does not end with this legislation , but continues in future decades , with new efforts to improve quality and contain costs .
Delivery system reforms .
Successful reform should improve the care that individual patients receive by rewarding health care professionals for providing better care , not just more care .
Studies have shown that hundreds of billions of dollars are spent on care that does nothing to improve health outcomes .
This is largely a consequence of the distorted incentives associated with paying for volume rather than quality .
Health care reform must take steps to change the way providers care for patients , to reward care that is better coordinated and meets the needs of each patient .
In particular , the legislation should include additional funding for research into what tests and treatments work and which ones do not .
It must also provide incentives for physicians and hospitals to focus on quality , such as bundled payments and accountable care organizations , as well as penalties for unnecessary re-admissions and health - facility acquired infections .
Aggressive pilot projects should be rapidly introduced and evaluated , with the best strategies adopted quickly throughout the health care system .
As economists , we believe that it is important to enact health reform , and it is essential that health reform include these four features that will lower health care costs and help reduce deficits over the long term .
Reform legislation that embodies these four elements can go a long way toward delivering better health care , and better value , to Americans .
Sincerely ,
Dr. Henry Aaron , The Brookings Institution
Dr. Kenneth Arrow , Stanford University , Nobel Laureate in Economics
Dr. Alan Auerbach , University of California , Berkeley
Dr. Katherine Baicker , Harvard University
Dr. Alan Blinder , Princeton University
Dr. David Cutler , Harvard University
Dr. Angus Deaton , Princeton University
Dr. J. Bradford DeLong , University of California , Berkeley
Dr. Peter Diamond , Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Dr. Victor Fuchs , Stanford University
Dr. Alan Garber , Stanford University
Dr. Jonathan Gruber , Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Dr. Mark McClellan , The Brookings Institution
Dr. Daniel McFadden , University of California , Berkeley , Nobel Laureate in Economics
Dr. David Meltzer , University of Chicago
Dr. Joseph Newhouse , Harvard University
Dr. Uwe Reinhardt , Princeton University
Dr. Robert Reischauer , The Urban Institute
Dr. Alice Rivlin , The Brookings Institution
Dr. Meredith Rosenthal , Harvard University
Dr. John Shoven , Stanford University
Dr. Jonathan Skinner , Dartmouth College
Dr. Laura D’Andrea Tyson , University of California , Berkeley
" The Princess and the Frog , " Walt Disney Co. 's first hand - animated feature film in nearly six years , is a gamble by the studio that audiences will respond to the traditional medium of Mickey Mouse in an era when animation is dominated by slick computer - generated fare from Pixar Animation and DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc .
Ironically , it was two of the biggest names in computer animation — Pixar cofounders John Lasseter and Ed Catmull , who have overseen Disney Animation since 2006 , when Disney bought their company for $ 7.4 billion — who were behind the decision to return to the hand - drawn technique , and to rehire filmmakers who use it .
Disney in 2003 announced that it was abandoning traditional animation in favor of computer - generated imagery , after a string of hand - drawn flops that included " Treasure Planet " and " Brother Bear . "
In the same period , DreamWorks ' " Shrek " and Pixar 's " Finding Nemo " cleaned up at the box office .
But from Mr. Lasseter 's point of view , the real problem was n't Disney 's animation techniques — it was more fundamental elements like characters and plot .
" I 've never understood why the studios were saying people do n't want to see hand - drawn animation , " Mr. Lasseter said at a fan convention earlier this year .
" What people do n't want to watch is a bad movie . "
A bright ribbon of hydrogen atoms marks the edge of the solar system , where the Sun 's wind meets emissions from the rest of the galaxy , researchers reported on Thursday .
They used telescopes aboard the orbiting Interstellar Boundary Explorer spacecraft or IBEX to look toward the heliopause , which is the boundary where solar wind meets galactic wind at the edge of the solar system beyond Pluto .
REUTERS / Science / AAAS / Handout
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A bright ribbon of hydrogen atoms marks the edge of the solar system , where the Sun ’s wind meets emissions from the rest of the galaxy , researchers reported on Thursday .
They used telescopes aboard the orbiting Interstellar Boundary Explorer spacecraft or IBEX to look toward the heliopause , which is the boundary where solar wind meets galactic wind at the edge of the solar system beyond Pluto .
Researchers combined images from IBEX with data from the Cassini spacecraft , which is near Saturn , and said it completely alters their ideas about what this border area looks like .
“ The IBEX results are truly remarkable , with emissions not resembling any of the current theories or models of this never - before - seen region , ” David McComas of the Southwest Research Institute in San Antonio , Texas , who led the research , said in a statement .
“ We expected to see small , gradual spatial variations at the interstellar boundary , some ten billion miles ( 16 billion km ) away .
However , IBEX is showing us a very narrow ribbon that is two to three times brighter than anything else in the sky . ”
It consists of hydrogen atoms that were once charged but which have been neutralized , they reported in five separate reports in the journal Science .
The researchers say the findings can tell them about the interstellar cloud through which our Milky Way galaxy is moving and which the galaxy will leave in about 10,000 years .
A blog for all seasons ; A blog for one ; A blog for all .
As the 11th most informative blog on the planet , I have a seared memory of throwing my Time 2006 Man of the Year Award over the railing at Time Warner Center .
Justice .
Only Justice Shall Thou Pursue
Here 's an astonishing idea : Ugandan officials give lessons in diplomacy and morality to U.S. leaders as they seek complicity from global Christians in a proposed bill that would criminalize , even kill , homosexuals .
It seems that they 're unhappy with recent public comments by U.S. politicians and clergy who began speaking out in public ( after days of hammering by Rachel Maddow on MSNBC . )
The bill that goes before their parliament in January would make homosexual activity comparable to rape and therefore due for the death penalty , imprison people with HIV / AIDS and punish their friends and neighbors , ministers and physicians if they fail to turn in gay people to the authorities .
Sarah Pulliam Bailey at Christianity Today looks at Uganda - U.S. tensions with some jaw - dropper quotes from Ugandans who say that these leaders have no moral credibility if they themselves do n't hate homosexuality .
Rt. Rev. Dr. David Zac Niringiye , assistant bishop of Kampala in the Church of Uganda , says that American Christians should not make such public pronouncements on the bill :
" The international community is behaving like they can't trust Ugandans to come up with a law that is fair .
No !
No !
That is not fair !
When the Western governments or Western churches or Christians speak loudly about the legitimacy or illegitimacy of this bill , you actually begin to fuel the idea that homosexuality is the product of Western culture .
One Ugandan theologian calls the opposition " a kind of imperialism and a kind of relativism from the West " and writes off criticism from the head of the Episcopal Church saying :
Anything that comes from this end has no credibility because of what is going on in the Episcopal Church and what is going on in the American society as far as homosexuality is concerned .
It would appear that the only people who have " credibility " to Ugandans are those who hate gays and critics are expected to keep anti-gay - genocide comments to private channels -- where they can be privately ignored .
Meanwhile Rev. Rick Warren , who recently went public " vigorously condemning " the proposed bill is scolded by Ugandan HIV / AIDS activist Martin Ssempa .
Ssempa tells CT that Warren is wrong because the Baptist pastor failed to condemn the Episcopal Church Diocese of Los Angeles ' election of a lesbian as an assistant bishop .
He even parodies Warren 's mega- selling book , The Purpose Driven Life , writing ,
Since the Bible says that the giant of homosexuality is an ' abomination ' or a great evil , you cannot achieve the peace plan without a purpose - driven confrontation with evil . "
The moral push back comes from Prison Fellowship founder Charles Colson who tells CT the Ugandan bill is " totally contrary to the Christian understanding of the compassion . "
Unfortunately , for Uganda - U.S. relations , many Americans expect their moral leaders to , well , lead on moral issues .
What would you want your pastor or elected official to say about Uganda 's proposed bill ?
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan 
These days , politics here look more and more like a movie Pakistanis have seen before .
Anti-Americanism is peaking .
Enemies of the state lurk around every corner , if the nationalist media is to be believed .
President Asif Ali Zardari could hardly be more unpopular .
Political insiders make a sport of handicapping how long it will be before he falls .
It is a familiar plot line .
The question on Pakistani minds now is whether the movie will end differently this time .
It is an increasingly urgent concern in a country where no elected civilian government  undone by its own vices and undercut by a powerful military and intelligence establishment  has ever survived a full term .
The last time Pakistan was in this situation was in the early 1990s , when the United States was fighting a war in the Persian Gulf and Nawaz Sharif , then the prime minister , and Benazir Bhutto , the opposition leader , were accused of corruption and traitorous sellouts to Pakistan ’s archenemy , India .
Police : Ohio suspect may have eaten evidenceSTREETSBORO , Ohio —
Police say a bank robbery suspect in Ohio may have eaten evidence when he gobbled a piece of paper while handcuffed and lying across the hood of a police cruiser .
A police video camera captured the 35 - year - old John Ford of Cleveland grabbing the paper with his mouth as police emptied his pockets .
Ford was arrested following a report of a bank robbery in Streetsboro just south of Cleveland on Thursday .
Police say a man walked into the bank and handed a teller a note that demanded money .
Police say they found money in a bag in Ford ’s car , which fit the description of the bank robber ’s vehicle , along with a bank die pack that had exploded .
Twinsburg police Patrolman Daniel Biada said a dash cam video of Thursday 's arrest of John H. Ford , 35 , of Cleveland , shows Ford gobbling a piece of paper while officers searched his pockets .'' As we 're searching him , officers are removing items and throwing them on the cruiser [ hood ] , '' Biada said .
'' We 're searching him for weapons .
We 're not looking at his head .
'' The whereabouts of the note demanding money came into question after Biada was taken into custody and Streetsboro investigators asked whether officers had found the piece of paper .
Twinsburg police reviewed the images captured on camera and said they observed Ford leaning over to eat something off the hood of the cruiser .
'' He grabbed it in his mouth , just like Pacman , '' Biada said .
'' He just ate it right there .
'' Authorities said they found a .38 - caliber pistol on the driver 's side floor of Ford 's car and a wad of cash covered in red ink on the passenger side of the vehicle .
Ford is also a suspect in bank robberies in Stow and Akron .
In the Streetsboro case , a man walked into the FirstMerit branch on state Route 14 around 10 a.m. and handed a teller a note that demanded money .
The robber did not produce a gun inside of the bank .
Witnesses say he fled in a dark Ford Escort .
Twinsburg police stopped Ford , who was driving a black Ford Escort , on Interstate 480 shortly after the robbery was reported and turned him over to Streetsboro police .
Police believe they have their man .
But they fear their suspect in a bank robbery may have eaten some of the evidence — the note handed to a Streetsboro bank teller demanding cash — while he was handcuffed and leaning over the hood of a police cruiser .
Twinsburg police Patrolman Daniel Biada said a dash cam video of Thursday 's arrest of John H. Ford , 35 , of Cleveland , shows Ford gobbling a piece of paper while officers searched his pockets .'' As we 're searching him , officers are removing items and throwing them on the cruiser [ hood ] , '' Biada said .
'' We 're searching him for weapons .
We 're not looking at his head .
'' The whereabouts of the note demanding money came into question after Biada was taken into custody and Streetsboro investigators asked whether officers had found the piece of paper .
Twinsburg police reviewed the images captured on camera and said they observed Ford leaning over to eat something off the hood of the cruiser .
'' He grabbed it in his mouth , just like Pacman , '' Biada said .
'' He just ate it right there .
'' Authorities said they found a .38 - caliber pistol on the driver 's side floor of Ford 's car and a wad of cash covered in red ink on the passenger side of the vehicle .
Ford is also a suspect in bank robberies in Stow and Akron .
In the Streetsboro case , a man walked into the FirstMerit branch on state Route 14 around 10 a.m. and handed a teller a note that demanded money .
The robber did not produce a gun inside of the bank .
Witnesses say he fled in a dark Ford Escort .
Twinsburg police stopped Ford , who was driving a black Ford Escort , on Interstate 480 shortly after the robbery was reported and turned him over to Streetsboro police .
Ford was being held in the Portage County Jail on Saturday where his file did not indicate he had a lawyer .
Information from : Akron Beacon Journal , www.ohio.com
Nov. 13 , 2009  --
Ever dreamed of relocating to an island , working for one of the world 's largest companies and enjoying generous tax breaks ?
Well , McDonald 's may have the job that fits the bill , although it 's not what one might think .
The world 's largest fast - food chain is looking for an assistant manager at its franchise at the U.S. Naval Base -- in Guantanamo Bay in Cuba .
The brief job listing , posted at mcvirginia.com , avoids mentioning the word " Guantanamo " -- often associated with the controversial detention camp that houses more than 200 alleged terrorists .
The company declined to provide details about the position but the listing states , " Candidates must have restaurant management experience , possess a valid United States passport , and be willing to relocate to Cuba . "
McDonald 's spokeswoman Danya Proud told ABC
News this particular location , on what is the oldest overseas naval base , has been around since 1986 and is independently owned and operated by a McDonald 's franchisee .
Proud would not say how much interest the position has gotten or the salary , adding that franchise owners determine the pay for their employees .
" As with any position , the salary offered will be commensurate with previous experience , etc .
There are several factors that will determine salary , " Proud said .
The job requires working five days per week on a rotating basis .
In addition to tax benefits for full - year residents , the employee would also get half of his or her monthly rent and utilities paid .
Gitmo : More Than 6,000 Served
Some news reports have speculated that U.S. interrogators bought food from the same McDonald 's to bribe and coerce detainees .
But Proud would not comment on the matter , only saying , " I am not in a position to comment on rumors or speculation . "
The detention camp at Guantanamo Bay was set up in 2002 for enemy combatants captured in Iraq , Afghanistan and other countries .
U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said today that five 9/11 terror suspects , including alleged mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , will be tried in a New York federal court .
President Barack Obama wants the controversial prison closed by January but that deadline will likely be extended .
In any case , the Golden Arches , surrounded by barbed wire , will likely stay for a long time to come to satiate the fast - food appetite of the more than 6,000 who live on the U.S. base .
American troops have abandoned an isolated firebase where eight U.S. soldiers were killed in a fierce assault by insurgents last weekend , military officials said Friday .
The departure from the base in the Kamdesh district of Nuristan province , in northeastern Afghanistan , was part of a previously planned “ repositioning ” of troops , NATO ’s International Security Assistance Force said in a statement .
The Taliban , in its own statement , said it had driven the Americans out .
The daylong battle Oct. 3 in Kamdesh , in which at least four Afghan troops and 100 attackers also were reported killed , was reminiscent of a much - scrutinized engagement in the area in July 2008 .
In that battle , nine U.S. soldiers were killed and their remote firebase was nearly overrun .
Advertisement
In last week ’s attack , insurgents managed to penetrate the base ’s perimeters , military officials have acknowledged , a rare occurrence in clashes between Taliban fighters and the much better armed Western forces .
The pullout from the battered Kamdesh base was described as part of a larger strategy laid out by U.S. Army Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal , commander of Western forces in Afghanistan .
His counterinsurgency plan calls for troops to concentrate their attention on populated areas rather than continue to staff isolated outposts that are vulnerable to attack and have little effect on the insurgents ’ ability to move in a given area .
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization has not specified how many bases were dismantled as part of the pullback , which mainly affected installations in the rugged mountains of eastern Afghanistan , near the Pakistani border .
U.S. forces destroyed what was left of the Kamdesh base before departing , military officials said .
A Taliban spokesman , Zabiullah Mujahid , told Western news agencies by telephone that the Taliban flag was flying over the outpost site .
Advertisement
With Western troop casualties at record levels as the war enters its ninth year , the NATO - led coalition Friday disclosed the death of another of its soldiers a day earlier , in a roadside bombing in southern Afghanistan .
The soldier ’s nationality was not immediately released .
Meanwhile , Afghan officials said a joint operation by Western and Afghan troops had killed a senior militant commander in the province of Herat , which borders Iran .
They said the overnight raid left about 20 militants dead , including Ghulam Yahya Akbari , who was mayor of Herat before going over to the Taliban .
He had been terrorizing the city for months with ambushes , abductions and other attacks .
Akbari ’s defection to the insurgency had been seen by many as a sign of rising frustration with the government of President Hamid Karzai , who is in a bitter struggle over his August bid for reelection .
The vote was tainted by allegations of massive fraud , and results of a recount , based on a statistical sampling of suspect ballots , are expected to be released in coming weeks .
Advertisement
Elsewhere in the country , insurgents pressed ahead with a campaign to halt reconstruction efforts by attacking public works projects .
A suicide bomber struck a road - construction project in the eastern province of Paktia , killing five workers and injuring four other people , provincial police said .
--
laura.king@latimes.com
Home to ancient microbes ( Image : Ron Niebrugge / Alamy )
THRIFTY microbes entombed in a salt crystal have survived for 30,000 years by feeding off the remains of algae that were trapped along with them .
This is the most convincing example to date of long - term survival .
Brian Schubert , a microbiologist at the University of Hawaii at Manoa , and colleagues studied salt crystals in a sediment core taken from Death Valley in California .
The crystals contained tiny pockets of liquid , and the team found that they could grow live colonies of archaeans from samples of it .
The team dated the liquid at …
Drifting is a driving technique where the driver oversteers on purpose , which causes a loss of traction in the rear wheels , while he maintains vehicle control and a relatively high rate of speed .
Drifting is considered to be occurring when the rear slip angle is greater than the front slip angle prior to the corner apex , and the front wheels are pointing
in the opposite direction to the turn ( e.g. the car is turning to the right and the wheels are pointing to the left or vice - versa ) .
I ’ve got an AWESOME video here with legendary drift king Keiichi Tsuchiya ( he was the stunt coordinator and primary stunt driver in The Fast and the Furious – Tokyo Drift ) that covers how to set up
your car to drift , plus 6 different drifting techniques that he uses where you can see exactly what his feet are doing and he talks you through everything , but …the video is 40 minutes long …erm … I know , that ’s long , and I would usually prefer to use something much shorter , BUT it gets straight into the HOW of drifting within the first minute or so plus I like the fact that it ’s so comprehensive and the fact that it ’s done by such a well - known expert and current legend in the drifting community :
Additional Resources
If you want to take this further and really get into drifting two things I ’d recommend you check out are the Ultimate Drifting DVD where they go to Tokyo and you even get to see the pros doing a few illegal street races , VERY cool , also definitely take a look at Paul Morton ’s book , How to Drift : The Art of Oversteer ( S - A Design ) .
Also , an excellent free site with lots of good info is DriftLock .co.uk .
And , if you want to see someone learning how to drift a M3 in a nice short little 6 minute video , have a look at this :
How to drift a BMW M3
Naturalist Sir David Attenborough investigates whether the world faces a population crisis and if it is the duty of individuals to change the way they live .
In a Horizon special , naturalist Sir David Attenborough investigates whether the world is heading for a population crisis .
In his lengthy career , Sir David has watched the human population more than double from 2.5 billion in 1950 to nearly seven billion .
He reflects on the profound effects of this rapid growth , both on humans and the environment .
While much of the projected growth in human population is likely to come from the developing world , it is the lifestyle enjoyed by many in the West that has the most impact on the planet .
Some experts claim that in the UK consumers use as much as two and a half times their fair share of Earth 's resources .
Sir David examines whether it is the duty of individuals to commit not only to smaller families , but to change the way they live for the sake of humanity and planet Earth .
Ingredients include :
* very large tough customer with many needs and a strong tendency to waterfall
* 1 sales team that is not accountable in any way for the promises made
* 2 analysts trying to figure out what is needed and each is telling the teams what to do
* 1 PMO creating use cases on their own
* Remove 1 recently fired QA manager
* 26 teams in 5 locations across Europe
* 460 developers
* Top it off with a Chief Product Owner who has no direct line to the customer
Directions :
* Mix ingredients well with confused priorities , then add large requirements docs whole
* Strain through a tight budget
* Process with high heat and pressure using the “ do or die ” setting .
* Then add Agile and Scrum , simmer till over budget .
Our chefs will describe the interesting fun they are having with this product stew , and how they are working with all the cooks in the kitchen to make a more tasty product from the stew we have today .
Aim High !
Energy from thorium , cheaper than from coal , solves more than just global warming
Original , complete 2009 edition with appendices .
The Aim High !
presentation has been given at Dartmouth ILEAD , Thayer School of Engineering , Brown University , Amherst College , Columbia Earth Institute , American Nuclear Society , the Royal Institution of Great Britain , and many private audiences .
Articles
Documents
Thorium Energy and Security Act of 2010 with amendments by Robert Hargraves , sent from Senator Gregg to Senator Hatch .
You can contact the author at robert.hargraves@gmail.com .
The Aim High presentation has also been presented in a course , Energy Policy and Environmental Choices : Rethinking Nuclear Power , given at the Institute for Lifelong Education at Dartmouth .
Interesting related web sites
Energy from Thorium is a rich site , with a blog about current events concerning the liquid fluoride thorium reactor , and also a technical forum , where volunteer engineers , scientists , and professionals exchange ideas about technical designs and social benefits .
Flibe Energy is a US startup company intending to build a molten salt reactor .
Flibe is shorthand for Fluoride salts of Lithium and Beryllium , the preferred molten salt .
Thorium Energy Alliance sponsors annual conferences about thorium power , principally the liquid fluoride thorium reactor .
International Thorium Energy Organization publishes occasional news article about thorium energy .
It also sponsors a European conference attracting an international audience .
International Thorium Molten Salt Forum is a Japanese publication related to Japan 's work and the FUJI molten salt reactor design .
Liquid Fluoride Thorium Reactor
Energy cheaper than from coal can solve more crises than just global warming
The Liquid Fluoride Thorium Reactor ( LFTR ) uses inexpensive thorium as a fuel , transforming it to uranium - 233 which fissions , producing heat and electric power at a cost less than that from coal power plants .
We can solve our world 's environmental crises by launching a NASA - style " shoot the moon " project to complete LFTR development and deploy LFTR technology for inexpensive , safe , clean power .
Aim High !
Environmental Context
The rising cost of energy concerns the public .
The US annually imports $ 350 billion of oil from the unstable Persian Gulf .
The world faces environmental crises :
1. Global warming is destroying glaciers that provide fresh water critical to millions and shrinking the cold polar seas essential for algae that start the ocean food chain .
2. Deforestation and desertification also dry up fresh water supplies .
3 . Land to grow food is becoming scarce .
4 . Fisheries are collapsing for tuna , cod , swordfish , and 40 % of all other species .
5. 13 ,000 people in the US alone die annually from particulate emissions from coal power plants .
Overpopulation
Overpopulation is the main cause of many of these environmental crises .
The world population of 6.7 billion people is growing unsustainably , leading to tragic competition for dwindling food , water , and energy resources that may lead to famine , plague , and war .
The US and other OECD nations ' birth rates are less than the population replacement rates , illustrating how prosperity can lead to a sustainable world population .
Nations with GDP per capita over $ 7,500 have birth rates of stable or diminishing populations .
Prosperity depends critically on energy .
Electrical energy powers water supplies , sanitation , lighting , refrigeration , cooking , communications , and machines .
Nations with annual per capita electric power of 2,000 kwh per year achieve the necessary prosperity for population stability .
( The US number is 12,000 .
Economists study the balance between the economic damage of carbon taxes against the economic damage of global warming .
Raising carbon taxes too swiftly damages the total economy and future world prosperity .
Europe ’s $ 50 billion cap - and - trade spending did not stop CO2 emissions growth .
Developing nations will not accept carbon taxes that limit their growth .
Yet even global warming skeptics can support the economic benefit of energy cheaper than from coal .
The liquid fluoride thorium reactor solves these issues by
· Checking global warming , without carbon taxes , by undercutting the economics of coal power -- possibly the only way to stop developing nations from emitting CO2 .
· Enabling populations of developing nations to afford the energy to achieve the modest level of prosperity that leads to smaller , sustainable populations .
Liquid Fluoride Thorium Reactor History
The LFTR uses inexpensive thorium as a fuel , transforming it to uranium - 233 which fissions , producing heat and electric power .
Innovatively , the thorium and uranium are dissolved in molten salt , simplifying fueling and waste removal compared to today 's nuclear power plants .
Prototype molten salt reactors were developed and tested by the US at Oak Ridge National Laboratories in the 1960s and 1970s .
President Ford stopped the project in 1976 .
Scientists in France , the Czech Republic , Japan and Russia are carrying forward the research .
Chine intends to build a prototype .
Occasional theoretical papers are published by US scientists .
In 2006 the Oak Ridge research papers were scanned and posted on the internet .
A collaboration of scientists , engineers , and professional volunteers has begun developing an updated conceptual design for the LFTR .
Environmental LFTR Advantages
1 . The LFTR produces energy cheaper than from coal , economically forcing closure of coal power plants and their CO2 emissions , checking global warming .
The low cost energy also advances prosperity in developing nations , creating a lifestyle that results in diminishing world population without increasing pollution and tragic competition for dwindling natural resources .
2 . The LFTR produces less hazardous waste than coal or other forms of nuclear energy -- less than 1/100 the long - lived radioactive waste of today 's nuclear power plants .
It can consume spent fuel now stored outside existing nuclear power plants .
3 . Ending atmospheric pollution from coal particulates would save 24,000 lives annually in the US and hundreds of thousands in China and worldwide .
4 . It uses an inexhaustible supply of inexpensive thorium fuel .
One tonne of thorium ( costing $ 100,000 ) provides 1 GW - year of electric power , enough for a city .
Technical LFTR Advantages
1. LFTR has no refueling outages , with continuous refueling and continuous waste fission product removal .
2 . It can change power output to satisfy demand , satisfying today 's need for both baseload coal or nuclear power and expensive peakload natural gas power .
3. LFTR operates at high temperature , for 50 % thermal / electrical conversion efficiency , thus needing only half the cooling required by today 's coal or nuclear plant cooling towers .
4 . It is air cooled , critical for arid regions of the Western US and many developing countries where water is scarce .
5. LFTR has low capital costs because it does not need massive pressure vessels or containment domes , because of its compact heat exchanger and Brayton cycle turbine , because of intrinsic safety features , and because cooling requirements are halved .
6 . An LFTR will cost $ 200 million for a moderate size 100 MW unit , allowing incremental capital outlays , affordability to developing nations , and suitability for factory production , truck transport , and site assembly .
7 . It will be factory produced , like Boeing airliners , lowering costs and time , enabling continuous improvement .
8 . It can make hydrogen to synthesize vehicle fuels from recycled waste CO2 , reducing foreign oil dependency .
9 . It could convert air and water to ammonia for fertilizer , whose production today absorbs > 1 % of all the world 's energy .
10 .
Its molten salt fuel form facilitates handling and chemical processing .
11 . LFTR is intrinsically safe because overheating expands the fuel salt past criticality , because LFTR fuel is not pressurized , and because total loss of power or control will allow a freeze - plug to melt , gravitationally draining all fuel salt into a dump tray , where it cools convectively .
12 . 100 % of LFTR 's thorium fuel is burned , compared to 0.7 % of uranium burned in today 's nuclear reactors .
13 . LFTR is proliferation resistant , because LFTR U - 233 fuel also contains U - 232 decay products that emit strong gamma radiation , hazardous to any bomb builders who might somehow seize control of the power plant for the many months necessary extract uranium .
14 .
In the LFTR , plutonium and other actinides remain in the salt until fissioned , unlike today 's solid fuel reactors , which must refuel long before these long - lived radiotoxic elements are consumed , because of radiation and thermal stress damage to the zirconium - encased solid fuel rods .
15 .
No plutonium or other fissile material is ever isolated or transported to or from the LFTR , except for importing spent nuclear fuel waste used to start the LFTR .
LFTR Challenges
1 . The nuclear power industry , the US Nuclear Regulatory Commission , and the US military all focus on the uranium / plutonium solid fuel nuclear power .
2 . There is almost no political awareness of the thorium / uranium fuel cycle .
[ Recently , James Hansen , a well - known climate scientist from NASA and Columbia and advisor to President Elect Barack Obama , is recommending consideration of the LFTR . ]
3 . There is no US R&D funding , except less than $ 100,000 per year for molten salt research papers .
4. Significant R&D work is required , costing over $ 1 billion over 5 years to develop a prototype .
5 . The US Nuclear Regulatory Commission would need to learn LFTR technology in order to license and regulate it .
Summary and Action Recommendation – Aim High !
The world suffers from environmental crises : global warming , pollution , and resource depletion , caused largely by excess CO2 emissions and by burgeoning population growth .
INTERNATIONAL investigators will examine whether militant Islamists infiltrated an Australian - owned university to recruit a Nigerian accused of trying to bomb a US - bound flight , a terrorism expert says .
Security agencies from the United Arab Emirates , Britain and the US will try to determine whether Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab 's contact with radical groups began while studying at the University of Wollongong in Dubai , said Adam Dolnik , a terrorism expert at the university .
The accused bomber enrolled in a master of international business degree in January but disappeared from the university residence where he was living mid-year .
Dr Dolnik , a director of research at the university 's Centre for Transnational Crime Prevention , said an alienated and homesick student could undergo rapid radicalisation if extreme influences offered support .
He said this could have taken place in Dubai or earlier when Mr Abdulmutallab , 23 , was studying at University College , London .
Unless the government decides to extend its Fannie - Freddie purchase program or do something else to juice the credit markets , mortgage rates will rise steadily , probably leveling off somewhere around 6 percent .
4. Commercial real estate will continue to suffer the ills of low vacancy rates , low rents and high default rates .
The biggest concern is credit , as billions of dollars in commercial debt come up for refinance with little to no takers .
Scoring 2009 Predictions :
Overall , consider it a B +.
Here 's how I fared on the individual nine :
1 . I said foreclosures would get worse minus some kind of big government bailout .
Well they did get worse — even with the big government bailout .
2. Existing home prices followed foreclosures , as I said they would .
3 . Existing home sales did bounce back , thanks to some government intervention with the first time home buyer tax credit , but they only bounced on the low end of the market .
That 's because only the cheapest distressed homes can sell with unemployment as bad as it is .
4 . New home sales did improve thanks to builders lowering prices and again thanks to the tax credit .
The " incentive " I said was necessary came from Uncle Sam .
5. Housing Starts did drop .
Good thing .
6. Pulte ate Centex .
Told ya' so .
7. Commercial Real Estate was easy ... it just followed jobs .
8. CMBS is still all about frozen credit , as I said it would be .
9 . Did you buy a house ?
I did n't .
I wanted to .
Could n't afford it .
BioWare has released the system requirement for their upcoming third - person sci-fi action / rpg Mass Effect 2 , as well as information regarding the type of DRM protection that will be included with the game .
This information can be found after the jump .
The game is scheduled for a release on Xbox 360 and PC on January 26th , 2010 .
Digital Rights Management ( DRM )
The boxed / retail PC version of Mass Effect 2 will use only a basic disk check and it will not require online authentication .
This is the same method as Dragon Age : Origins .
Digital versions will use the retailers protection system .
PC MINIMUM System Requirements
OS = Windows XP SP3 / Windows Vista SP1 / Windows 7
Processor = 1.8 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo or equivalent AMD CPU
Memory = 1 GB RAM for Windows XP / 2 GB RAM for Windows Vista and Windows 7
Hard Drive = 15 GB
DVD ROM = 1x Speed
Sound Card = DirectX 9.0 c compatible
Direct X = DirectX 9.0c August 2008 ( included )
Input = Keyboard / Mouse
Video Card = 256 MB ( with Pixel Shader 3.0 support ) .
Supported Chipsets : NVIDIA GeForce 6800 or greater ; ATI Radeon X1600 Pro or greater .
Please note that NVIDIA GeForce 7300 , 8100 , 8200 , 8300 , 8400 , and 9300 ; ATI Radeon HD3200 , and HD4350 are below minimum system requirements .
Updates to your video and sound card drivers may be required .
Intel and S3 video cards are not officially supported in Mass Effect 2 .
PC RECOMMENDED System Requirements
Windows XP SP3 / Windows Vista SP1 / Windows 7
2.6 + GHz Cure 2 Duo Intel or equivalent AMD CPU
2 GB RAM
ATI Radeon HD 2900 XT , NVIDIA GeForce 8800 GT , or better recommended
100 % DirectX compatible sound card and drivers
DirectX August 2008
NOTES : For the best results , make sure you have the latest drivers for your video and audio cards .
Laptop or mobile versions of the above supported video cards have not had extensive testing and may have driver or other performance issues .
As such , they are not officially supported in Mass Effect 2 .
Intel and S3 video cards are not officially supported in Mass Effect 2 .
About the author
( NewsTarget ) Headaches are one of the most common ailments people experience .
It is estimated that 50 million people seek medical attention for headaches every year in the US alone and over $ 500,000,000 is spent annually on headache medicine .
There are many herbal remedies for headaches that can help you without taking chemical based medicines .
The two most common types of headache are tension headaches which are caused by muscular tension and headaches caused by a constriction of blood vessels supplying blood to the brain .
A few of the common causes are stress , poor posture , caffeine , eye strain , low blood sugar , allergies , sinusitis , and tiredness .
There are also more severe problems that can cause headaches , but they are far less common .
It is estimated that 90 % of all headaches are tension headaches .
There are headache remedies from virtually every school of medicine including Chinese Herbalism , Ayurveda and Aromatherapy .
Each remedy seeks to help you get rid of the pain using natural ingredients .
Many of the remedies below have multiple uses and most are used in more than one school of alternative medicine .
Traditional Chinese Herbalism recommends using ginger for headaches .
You can eat a small piece of fresh ginger or make a ginger tea .
You can find ginger in most health food stores .
Ayurveda ( the traditional system of medicine in India ) offers a couple common remedies for headaches .
The first is to soak a cloth in warm mustard oil and apply directly to your forehead to relieve the pain .
The second remedy is to put coriander seeds in boiling water and inhale the steam created by this mixture .
This is often used to relieve sinus related headaches
If you want to try an aromatic remedy , there are several headache cures from the Aromatherapy school of medicine .
For tension headaches , lavender is used to relax away your pain .
You can message lavender oil directly into your temples or place a drop or two at the base of your nose .
You may also want to try inhaling peppermint oil steam similar to the coriander seed remedy talked about above or take a bath with relaxing scents like chamomile .
The idea is to soothe away your pain with pleasant smells .
There are many more herbal remedies for headaches .
Herbal teas like peppermint , chamomile , rose hip , and more can soothe away a tension headache .
Another common herbal remedy for tension headaches is valerian root .
You can take capsule supplements or drink valerian root tea , but beware that it may make you drowsy .
These are just a few of the herbal remedies for headaches you can try .
In general , these are so much better for you than popping pills and in most cases much more pleasant .
Who wouldn`t want a soothing bath or warm cup of tea ?
Resources : The Illustrated Encyclopedia of Healing Remedies by C. Norman Shealy MD , PhDDavid Victor is a health and fitness enthusiast who enjoys learning about all aspects of health and sharing that information with others through writing .
He maintains a health and fitness website called Sassafras Station and an associated blog at http://www.sassafrasstation.com/blog
General wisdom holds that , should your friend or loved one get bitten by a zombie , you should immediately apply a bullet to the head before they turn .
But what if your afflicted friend would rather be undead than completely dead ?
Advertisement
Paul F. Tompkins and Mad Men's Rich Sommer star in Sketch of the Dead , a brief tale of friendship , zombies , and the desire to get away with murder .
Advertisement
[ via The Huffington Post ]
There are n’t many journalists walking away from paying jobs these days .
With news organizations struggling and newsroom jobs disappearing , each week brings new calls from writers and editors who believe their flagging employers should save themselves by charging for Internet access .
So count Saul Friedman a contrarian twice over .
Mr. Friedman , who had written a column for Newsday since 1996 , quit last week over the paper ’s decision to require some readers to pay for access to its Web site .
Customers of Cablevision , the cable and Internet provider that owns Newsday , and people who subscribe to Newsday in print will still be able to browse Newsday.com unfettered .
But Newsday recently announced that everyone else will have to pay $ 5 a week to see much of the site , making it one of the few newspapers in the country to take such a plunge .
That did not sit well with Mr. Friedman , a freelancer who wrote Gray Matters , a weekly column on aging .
He explained his departure in a note to Jim Romenesko ’s media blog .
In an interview , Mr. Friedman said , “ My column has been popular around the country , but now it was really going to be impossible for people outside Long Island to read it . ”
That includes him ; living outside Washington , he is not a subscriber to Newsday or Cablevision .
__1999 : __The Recording Industry Association of America sues Napster , the online , peer - to - peer file sharing service that 's allowing millions of computer users to score free , copyright music .
The rules are about to change .
Napster founder Shawn Fanning won rock - star celebrity with the service .
But music - industry heads were spinning .
So , the RIAA sued Napster and all of its financial backers in federal court in San Francisco .
The outcome eventually defined the rules of online , peer - to - peer file sharing networks .
The case began 13 years ago today and dragged on for almost eight years .
A federal judge and an appeals court in San Francisco both ruled in 2002 that Napster was liable for contributory or vicarious copyright violations , because it was allowing millions of users to download music for free .
Napster eventually shut down and went bankrupt , later re-emerging as a legitimate , online music service .
The Napster trial was about big money .
Along the way , the case mutated into a cannibalizing feeding frenzy :
The music industry was searching for deep financial pockets , and targeted one of its own .
With a bankrupt Napster unable to cough up big financial damages , the industry turned to the transnational German media conglomerate Bertelsmann .
The lawsuits accused Bertelsmann of copyright infringement for propping up Napster financially with loans totaling $ 85 million .
The lawsuits claimed the firm wanted " to preserve Napster ’s user base for Bertelsmann 's own commercial advantage . "
At the time of the loans , Bertelsmann ’s chairman , Thomas Middelhoff , explained that " Napster has pointed the way for a new direction for music distribution , and we believe it will form the basis of important and exciting new business models for the future of the music industry . "
Bertelsmann paid millions of dollars to settle the claims .
The media concern agreed in 2006 to pay the world ’s largest label , Universal Music Group , $ 60 million to settle the allegations .
EMI got an undisclosed amount in 2007 , and Warner Music Group settled that same year for $ 110 million .
The Napster case closed its final chapter in August 2007 , when Bertelsmann agreed to pay the National Music Publishers Association $ 130 million to settle the remaining copyright claims .
The case also served as the impetus , in part , for the RIAA 's litigation campaign against individual users , as the industry could not keep up a legal game of Whac - A - Mole against flourishing file sharing services like Kazaa and Limewire .
In the last six years , the RIAA has filed about 30,000 copyright cases against individuals , most of whom have settled out of court .
The two individual defendants who went to trial were assessed more than $ 2 million combined in damages .
Source : Various
Image : Napster logo
A particular set of conditions gave rise to the tech titans .
But that era is coming to an end .
It started out as a well - intentioned attempt to bring festive cheer to some of society 's most neglected members – the hundreds of children who each year are caught up in the UK 's asylum system .
But when the Anglican church 's leading expert on Father Christmas , dressed as St Nicholas himself , arrived with one of Britain 's most distinguished clerics to distribute presents to children held at the Yarl 's Wood immigration removal centre in Bedfordshire , things took a turn straight out of Dickens .
An unedifying standoff developed that saw the security personnel who guard the perimeter fence prevent St Nicholas , the patron saint of children and the imprisoned , from delivering £ 300 worth of presents donated by congregations of several London churches .
In a red robe and long white beard , clutching a bishop 's mitre and crook , St Nick – in real life , the Rev Canon James Rosenthal , a world authority on St Nicholas of Myra , the inspiration for Father Christmas – gently protested that he was not a security threat , but to no avail .
Then as St Nicholas , accompanied by the Rev Professor Nicholas Sagovsky , canon theologian at Westminster Abbey , attempted to bless the gifts , the increasingly angry security guards called the police .
The resulting ill - tempered and surreal impasse between church and state was videotaped by asylum seeker support groups and could become an internet viral hit .
The row comes amid mounting concern about the treatment of children in immigration removal centres .
Last week senior doctors called for an immediate end to the " profoundly harmful " detention of children in immigration removal centres .
In today 's Observer a number of leading children 's authors – including Michael Morpurgo , Michael Bond and Philip Pullman – have signed a letter calling for an end to child detention .
Rosenthal , who regularly appears alongside the Archbishop of Canterbury at festive parades , is the founder of the St Nicholas Society , which was set up to promote " interest , learning , and appreciation of the tradition of St Nicholas " .
" St Nick has never been turned away from anywhere before , " Rosenthal said .
" So I was extremely disappointed not to be able to hand deliver the gifts to the children detained at Yarl 's Wood .
I hope the kids realise that they will be firmly in my prayers . "
The St Nicholas Society , along with Citizens for Sanctuary , which campaigns to end the detention of children and families in the asylum system , is writing to the centre 's management to complain at how it handled the pre-announced visit .
They have complained about the heavy - handed tactics employed by the guards who patrol the perimeter fence and Serco , the private company that operates Yarl 's Wood .
The two groups say that Serco refused requests to provide details about the 35 children in the centre so they could receive appropriate presents .
They complain that the company did not respond to numerous requests to discuss how a handover of presents could be carried out if St Nicholas was prevented from entering during his visit this month .
Serco also refused permission for the two clerics to enter the centre to visit two refugee families later the same day , as it had previously agreed .
They were handed letters from Dawn Elaine , contracts manager at Yarl 's Wood , saying permission had been revoked because of " concerns about your conduct " .
The minor row is threatening to escalate into a bigger furore over the government 's policy of keeping children in Immigration Removal Centres .
" If this is how visitors are treated , I shudder to imagine what else transpires inside Yarl 's Wood , " Rosenthal said .
Sagovsky added : " This was about bringing a moment of joy to kids locked up in a deplorable situation .
I can't help but contrast the smiles and wonderment on the faces of the children St Nicholas visited at a local primary school with the sad fate of those kids who will be locked up in Yarl 's Wood over Christmas . "
It is estimated that 1,000 children are detained every year .
Last week the Royal Colleges of Paediatrics and Child Health , alongside leading GPs , psychiatrists and the UK Faculty of Public Health , warned the detention of children and their families caused " significant harm " and should be ended without delay .
Dr Philip Collins , a forensic adolescent psychiatrist at the South London and Maudsley NHS Foundation Trust , said children of asylum seekers were " uniquely at risk " of " very high levels " of mental health problems .
The organisation Medical Justice said it had seen more than 100 children in Yarl 's Wood Immigration Removal Centre , and shared the doctors ' concerns .
The organisation 's clinical director , Dr Frank Arnold , said : " Our findings accord exactly with those of the royal colleges .
Over the years , when challenged , the response of UK Borders Agency ( UKBA ) , and the private company it subcontracts healthcare to , have ranged from pleading ignorance , to painting walls a different colour , to publishing a vast number of documents , which prove meaningless because the health outcomes for children seem no better , and remain frightening . "
A spokesman for Serco referred questions to the Home Office , which insists only people subject to stringent security checks can be allowed into the detention centre and there can be no exceptions .
However , it seems even the Home Office is keen to avoid being labelled Scrooge .
Alan Kittle , Director of Detention Services for the UK Border Agency said : " UKBA already has procedures in place to ensure any children held in detention over the Christmas period receive a present and get to see Santa . "
It 's apparently significantly easier to get admitted to Harvard University than it is to get a job at the Apple Store .
At least for Apple 's newest store in New York .
At a press event today , Apple said that 10,000 people submitted applications to work at the new store on Manhattan 's Upper West Side , according to Gizmodo 's Matt Buchanan .
Of those , just over 200 got jobs , for a 2 % acceptance rate .
Meanwhile , Harvard 's acceptance rate was 7 % this past year , according to a March report in the Boston Globe .
That 's 29,000 applications for about 2,000 admissions .
Obviously , the requirements and admission processes for college and a retail job are much different -- these are n't direct comparisons .
But it 's amazing how selective Apple can be with its retail employees .
And it 's amusing that , at least statistically , the odds of getting into Harvard are better than getting a job selling iPods .
This may put new meaning into the term " Genius Bar . "
Click here for a few first - look photos of the new store , gathered from Twitter >
Updated : Ivar ’s will be donating 100 % profits from all chowder sales on Tuesday , Dec. 8th .
( Thanks T Dub ! )
Papa John ’s Pizza will be donating all the money they make on Tuesday and Wednesday to the Lakewood Police Independent Guild .
We spoke with the manager of Papa John ’s at 9000 Holman Road who tells us that “ Everything we make will go to the fund . ”
Then on Friday , Dec. 11th , Pemco Insurance will hold a fundraising event at The Canal here in Ballard .
For $ 25 ( plus a $ 2.37 fee ) you get appetizers and soft drinks , plus there will be activities .
“ The price of admission directly benefits the children of the fallen officers in a trust , and provides an evening for us to come together as a community to honor and remember those who lost their lives , ” the company ’s website states .
Each ticket sale will be matched by Pemco , who has pledged to match $ 12,500 .
You can buy tickets and make a donation to the Lakewood Police Independent Guild here .
- wish : select when clicking within the frame and open when clicking on the object
Summary : wish : select when clicking within the frame and open when clicking on the object
Dubai World 's collapse alarmed investors and was a blow for a ruler who wanted to create an Arab city of global significance .
But for all its faults it remains a rare oasis of Middle East moderation and progress
A yachtsman friend of mine was sailing the blue waters of the Persian Gulf off the shimmering coast of Dubai recently when he came across a disturbing phenomenon :
The World was dissolving before his eyes .
It was not the grog .
Three years ago , when Dubai 's debt - fuelled boom was at its height , the emirate launched its most ambitious project yet – a gigantic offshore replica of the planet Earth , made from sand dredged from the deserts and beaches of Arabia , with countries and continents carved out among a man-made archipelago of 300 islands .
It was called simply The World .
Like most things in Dubai , it was for sale .
Wealthy celebrities with $ 20 m or so of loose change could buy Britain or France or Australia and erect their own secluded fun palace by the sea .
That project is unlikely ever to be completed .
Work on it stopped earlier this year when the developer , Nakheel , ran out of money .
Deprived of essential maintenance and reinforcement , the islands are slowly slipping back beneath the waves .
" They 're just blobs of dirty sand sinking back into the sea , " said my sailing friend .
" It must be the biggest shipping hazard in the Gulf . "
It could be a metaphor for what has happened to Dubai .
Last week the emirate 's carefully crafted image of brash , glitzy modernity dissolved into chaos as Dubai World , the government - owned conglomerate that owns Nakheel , effectively told its bankers and investors that it could not pay its debts .
With some $ 60 bn ( £ 36 bn ) at stake in loans , bonds and outstanding bills , the news sent shockwaves around the real world .
Investors deserted Dubai in droves .
The emirate became as " toxic " as Lehman Brothers and spread its contagion around all the Gulf countries , from Abu Dhabi to Kuwait .
Some analysts feared it might be the spark for the feared W - shaped , or double - dip , recession , just as the global economy seemed to be recovering from the credit crisis .
The financial experts will pick over the bones of the " Dubai model " for years to explain what has happened , but the basics are simple : with minimal natural resources in an energy - rich region , Dubai decided to go for broke with an ambitious strategy of economic growth designed to turn the Arab fishing village into a global trading metropolis .
It did it with borrowed money , vast quantities of it .
The palm - shaped islands , the glamorous beach resorts , the seven - star hotels , a state - of - the - art metro system – all were built on borrowed money .
The last published figure was $ 80bn of debt owed by the government itself and the corporations it owns – like Dubai World .
This was around 140 % of Dubai 's gross domestic product .
Neither I nor any of my friends and colleagues ever felt we were living on borrowed time .
Life in the emirate is good – great weather most of the year , cheap cars and petrol , and a touch of high life in the swanky hotels .
Affordable domestic help is the norm – armies of Filipina and Sri Lankan maids and Indian drivers and gardeners mean that life for expatriates is free from much of the drudgery of Europe or America .
Property prices were a worry .
A three - bedroom villa in a nice part of town – close to the beach and near the arterial highway , Sheikh Zayed Road – would set you back more than £ 3,000 a month .
But salaries were about 50 % higher than in Europe – and tax free – so it was affordable .
The things I liked best about Dubai were summed up in four words : no tax , valet parking .
This was the expat trade - off in the Great Deal done between the al - Maktoum family , rulers of Dubai since 1833 , and the expatriate workforce that keeps the place going .
Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid al - Maktoum , the ruler , guaranteed an environment in which the expats – Europeans , Americans , Asians and Africans – could be well rewarded for hard work and afford to live in the playground of the Gulf ; in return we gave him the labour and expertise his own subjects – the privileged Emiratis , who make up fewer than 10 % of Dubai 's population – were either unwilling or unable to supply .
It was a great deal .
The strategy worked until the credit crisis – prompted by a collapse in property prices – threw a spanner in the works of the global financial system .
No one wanted to lend any more to Dubai 's property - obsessed economy .
No one wanted to buy the " iconic high - rise waterside lifestyle developments " that were planned for the bone - dry desert .
Dubai World 's announcement was confirmation of what many have suspected for some time , but nobody dared admit – especially Dubai 's ruling elite , in denial since the credit crisis began : the emirate is bust , as surely as modern - day Iceland , or Argentina in the 1990s , or Germany in the 1920s .
It will not survive in present form without the intervention of outsiders , whether Abu Dhabi , the oil - rich capital of the UAE federation Dubai joined in 1972 , or the international banks that are already in it for billions , or the global financial authorities .
I have met Mohammed a couple of times , at functions and formal occasions , and heard him speak many times more .
As the serving representative of one of the world 's longest surviving hereditary monarchies , he certainly held the attention of his largely Emirati audience .
You would expect him , as a hereditary autocrat , to command a certain amount of respect , but there was evidence of his legendary " vision " , too .
A couple of years ago , he said he wanted to make Dubai " an Arab city of global significance , like Córdoba and Baghdad " .
He was talking about the two leading urban centres of the Muslim world at the height of the Islamic empire in the 10th century , and that was indeed inspirational , with a grand historical sweep .
The Emiratis loved it .
I , too , was impressed back then .
A few weeks ago he was speaking in public again , to a group of investors gathered together by an American bank .
Unexpectedly , he strayed from his Arabic speech to tell , in English , those who doubted the strength of ties between Abu Dhabi and Dubai to " shut up " .
Many in the audience thought it was demeaning for a man of such international stature and reputation to resort to a near - vulgarity .
I thought the strain of Dubai 's financial problems , and the effect it was having on Dubai 's reputation abroad , was beginning to tell on the 62 - year - old monarch .
There is no doubt that Dubai has had a bad year , image - wise .
Virtually every couple of weeks some western correspondent would pop up in the emirate , announce he was " writing a piece on the dark side of Dubai " and leave after a few days in the sun at a five - star beach resort to launch another attack on the emirate and its residents .
There were interviews with exploited Asian workers in filthy labour camps , hilarious encounters with Ukrainian prostitutes in Dubai nightclubs , and heart - rending accounts of jailed expats or sacked foreigners having to sleep in their 4x4s .
For those of us living and working in the country , it almost seemed like they were writing about somewhere else .
There is a " dark side " to Dubai , like there is to any big city anywhere in the world , in every era of history .
Labour exploitation is probably the most obvious scandal .
Construction workers from India , Pakistan and China are lured to Dubai with the promise of wages big enough for them to give their families a better life back home , only to have their passports confiscated on arrival as they are hit with huge " fees " for their travel and accommodation .
The conditions they live in are primitive compared to the rest of the city and the west ( though probably not those of their home countries ) .
The government blames it on unscrupulous middlemen , and promises to take action with each new report .
For what it 's worth , it does seem to be getting better .
I , like most expats , have largely ignored it or – when I wanted to salve my conscience – gave a bigger tip to the Asian waiter or Indian taxi driver , and affirmed self - righteously that conditions were surely worse for the Irish navvies who built Victorian London or the Chinese coolies who laid the American railroads .
It was the price of " diversification away from an oil - dependent economy " , I 'd tell myself .
Prostitution is rife , too , mainly women from the former Soviet countries or China , but fairly self - contained in well - known bars and districts .
It depends on your attitude to prostitution , I guess .
For many visitors , it adds a frisson to the city , and guarantees that the conference and exhibition trade continues to attract sybaritic high - rolling businessmen from the west .
Along with the ready availability of alcohol , it means Dubai will always have a unique marketing advantage compared with Riyadh , or Doha , or even Abu Dhabi .
It is maybe a bit worse than the red - light districts of any European or American city .
I take the view that if you did n't want , you would n't go .
If only the western correspondents who spent so many hours in desert labour camps or Russian cat - houses would take just a couple of hours on a Friday afternoon to visit Safa Park , Dubai 's equivalent of Hyde Park or Hampstead Heath , sprawling between the beach villas of Jumeirah and the slums of Satwa , with the needle spire of Burj Dubai , the world 's tallest building , in the background .
There , Arab families spread their picnic lunches on the lawn , ladies in abayas and men in dishdashas ; Indian groups play football and light barbecues ; Filipino couples stroll by the fountains , wheeling pushchairs ; westerners lounge in the sun just chilling , maybe taking an occasional swig from a ( theoretically ) illicit can of beer .
It is a pastoral vision of social , cultural and racial integration that would surely soften the heart of even the most sceptical foreign correspondent .
A place like Safa , after lunchtime prayers at the mosque , is what makes Dubai a special place in the Middle East , and which needs to be rescued from the financial wreckage .
Dubai leads the Arabian peninsula in this respect .
Christian churches and Hindu temples lie a couple of blocks away from an imposing mosque .
There is a synagogue discreetly hidden among the big villas of Jumeirah , built to accommodate an American Jewish banker who would only relocate to Dubai on condition that he could practise his religion .
( Mohammed gave his personal assent for construction , apparently ) .
Dubai is not just a social and cultural melting pot .
It 's also a major commercial hub at the heart of a strategically vital region .
The US fleet loads up at Jebel Ali port – owned by Dubai World – before it moves its cargoes on to Iraq and Afghanistan .
The Iranians , who have been cross-fertilising with this part of Arabia for centuries , use Dubai as a social and financial pressure valve .
During the recent contested elections in Iran , the biggest demonstrations outside Tehran were in Dubai .
Saudi Arabia , the biggest economic power in the region , uses Dubai as its entrepôt to the wider financial world , and as an escape from the cloying Islamic orthodoxy of the kingdom .
You can see young Saudis in bars and nightclubs most weekends , drinking bottles of Johnny Walker Blue Label ( " Saudi Coke " ) and trying to chat up Uzbeki ladies in broken English .
Despite all its flaws , Dubai is as close as the Middle East gets to the Islamic concept of " harem " – a place of peace and reconciliation where conflicts and arguments can be forgotten , and disputes resolved in a spirit of mutual understanding .
How the emirate resolves the current dispute with its international creditors will determine whether it remains the best hope the Middle East has or reverts to some kind of Islamic isolationism .
The fear among expats – and Dubai Emiratis – is that , if Abu Dhabi bails out Dubai , it will exact a high price for its financial lifeblood .
It may seek control of crown jewels like the Emirates airline or the DP World ports business , or to take over the Dubai International Financial Centre , the region 's closest equivalent to the City of London and Wall Street .
Or it may impose stricter Islamic standards on acceptable public behaviour , like forcing women to wear an abaya in public .
Despite the occasional furore over a bit of beach bonking , women in Dubai are still the most liberated in the Arab world .
If , on the other hand , Dubai can reach a deal with the banks and bondholders , it may have to sell or cede control of those same assets to westerners , which would open it up to further accusations of un-Islamic , anti-Arab behaviour from its neighbours .
The events of last week – and the repercussions that will roll on for the coming six months as Dubai tries to get its finances back on the straight and narrow – will have a permanent impact on the emirate .
It can not be Bling City any more , and Mohammed 's plans to rival Córdoba and Baghdad will probably have to be shelved for a couple of centuries .
At a posh Thanksgiving dinner party last week , the day after the Dubai World news broke , I counted 10 nationalities among 15 guests .
Americans , Europeans , Arabs and Asians , we were all agreed that things could never be the same again in the emirate , and fearful for the future .
But equally we were all united in the hope that Dubai 's unique economic , cultural and social experiment should be allowed to continue .
Jack Hughes is the pseudonym for a writer who lives and works in Dubai
Ever wanted to do a sum without using a calculator ?
Would n't it be great to just type out say , 4 *( 3+2 ) / 9 , in any application and have it replaced by the result ?
InvisiCalc watches the clipboard for math expressions and calculates any that it finds for you to copy and paste the result !
Abstract :
This study , is articulated around the semantic and lexical analysis of the verb « changer » ( to change ) in the political program of 1994 of the french political party « Les Verts » : The Book of Les Verts – Dictionary of political ecology .
The objective is to distinguish the various senses from the verb « changer » in this program and to understand the sense of their slogan « Changer tout » ( To change all ) .
Several questions then emerged : is this a radical political program suggested by the semantism of the verb ?
Is this a particular sense of the verb « changer » in this program ?
Would there be a political definition of the verb « changer » ?
To answer these questions , we operated in two distinct stages : an analysis in language , starting from various dictionaries , of the verb « changer » and its quasi - synonymous in order to extract an about stable significance ; then a microsemantic analysis in context in order to check if the sense of the verb remained identical to the significance of the lexeme in language .
Everyone loves an original and unique t- shirt .
Fashion statements aside , they do give a slight insight into your personality , your current mood and sets you apart from the crowd .
This article is not a collection of the best designed t- shirts by the best designers , this is a collection of t- shirts especially for designers and developers .
Those poor suffering souls that have to endure the pain and distress of the questions from everyday Joe ’s ( “ you work with a computer , do you ?
Will you fix mine ? ” ) and have to work with the many pitfalls and perils that the web offers ( IE6 and Flash intros ) .
Yes , this collection is for you !
Compiled exclusively for WDD by Paul Andrew from SpeckyBoy
Know of any other great funny t- shirts ?
Please share them below …
In order for someone else to see your son or daughter via their webcams , your son or daughter must be already using software which allows for use of the webcam over an internet connection .
Some webcams even have to be turned on in order to work .
What I 'm saying here is no one can see your children via their webcams unless your children are allowing themselves to be seen .
Sure , they could accidentally leave it on with the communication software running , I suppose , but not likely .
If you think your son or daughter might be inclined to take their clothes off so as to be seen naked over their webcams , then yes , remove their cameras .
Otherwise , make sure they understand the dangers of talking with strangers over the internet , and that having their webcams is a privilege which they should not abuse .
As for your initial question concerning whether or not a child can be a pedophile , the answer is no .
Pedophiles are adults who are sexually attracted to prepubescent children ; however , popular opinion also includes sexual attraction to adolescents who are younger than the legal age of sexual consent .
Another big unknown is just how safe — or dangerous — Tamiflu may be .
According to an FDA spokesperson , side effects may include potentially fatal heart problems .
If the drug is going to be used to prevent death , it seems reasonable to ask whether or not its potentially deadly side effects are outweighed by potential benefits .
We asked the FDA whether it had required Roche to conduct an additional trial or trials looking at whether or not , on balance , the drug reduces more serious complications than it causes .
This week , a spokesperson reported back that there has been no such request made to Roche .
All of which leaves open the question of why governments around the world have invested so much — on the order of $ 3 billion since the emergence of H1N1 last spring , according to investment bank , JP Morgan — in a drug that appears to do so little .
The answer may lie in the politics of disease .
Far from a commercial success when it was initially approved by the FDA in 1999 , Tamiflu ’s fortunes began to look up in 2003 , after the SARS outbreak and the emergence of bird flu .
Then Hurricane Katrina hit .
In the wake of criticism over its handling of the disaster in New Orleans , the Bush Administration announced a multi-billion - dollar pandemic and bioterrorism preparedness strategy , which included stockpiling millions of doses of Tamiflu .
As the nation ’s lead public health agency , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention appears to be operating in some alternative universe , where valid science no longer matters to public policy .
The agency ’s flu recommendations are in lockstep with Roche ’s claims that the drug can be life - saving — despite the FDA ’s findings and despite the lack of studies to prove such a claim .
What ’s more , neither the CDC nor the FDA has demanded the types of scientific studies that could definitively determine whether or not the company ’s claims are true : that Tamiflu reduces the risk of serious complications and saves lives .
Nancy Cox , who heads the CDC ’s flu program , told us earlier this year she opposes a placebo - controlled study ( in which one half of patients would be given Tamiflu and the other half would be given placebo ) , because the drug ’s benefits are already proven .
There are a couple of take - home messages here .
One is pretty obvious : Tamiflu may not be doing much good for patients with the flu who take it , and it might be causing harm .
The more important issue , however , involves the need for trust in science and medicine .
Governments , public health agencies , and international bodies such as the World Health Organization , have all based their decisions to recommend and stockpile Tamiflu on studies that had seemed independent , but had in fact been funded by the company and were authored almost entirely by Roche employees or paid academic consultants .
So did the Cochrane Collaboration , at least in its earlier assessments of Tamiflu .
Millions of flu patients have taken the drug as a result .
That trust appears to have been misplaced , and a drug touted as beneficial on the basis of flimsy evidence has by now become so entrenched that no one appears willing to conduct the sort of study needed to prove whether or not it can , in fact , save lives .
Description
JollysFastVNC is a secure ARD and VNC client .
Its aim is to be the best and most secure VNC client on the Mac.
TaoofMac actually thinks it already has reached this goal .
To access remote computers simply enable ‘ ScreenSharing ’ on remote Macs , a vnc server like ‘ UltraVNC ’ on Windows machines or the inbuilt ones in the various Linuxes .
Then you can access them with JollysFastVNC .
If you want to access them via secure ssh - tunnel select the ‘ ssh ’ security type in JollysFastVNC and the ssh tunnel will be created for you automatically .
Features
• Fast .
• Secure - SSH tunneling , SSL , SOCKS support inbuilt .
• Mac login , keyboard , pasteboard , remote screen lock and monitor selection support .
• Windows login and domain login support .
• Multiple connections , fullscreen , multi-monitor support .
• SmartZoom for viewing large remote desktops .
• International keyboard support
• Reverse connections including automated Nat - PMP / UPnP port opening on routers .
• WakeOnLan support .
• Global / Specific hierarchical preferences .
• Bonjour including auto connection to Bonjour hosts .
• Remote cursor support - including smartzoom movement .
• Automatic pasteboard synchronisation .
•vnc :// and jfvnc :// url schemes for opening vnc connections from other programs .
•VNC encodings ZRLE , Tight , zlib , rre , hextile , raw , copyrect , resolution change , pixel format change , lastrect and some more .
Requirements
Normal Version : Mac OS X 10.4 - 10.15
AppStore Version : Mac OS X 10.6 - 10.11 - no longer available due to AppStore restrictions
Background
When I started ScreenRecycler I thought that there were enough VNC clients out there to support it .
When the program started to get useful I realized that the VNC clients available on the Mac were pretty slow and people were complaining about the speed of ScreenRecycler .
I was using VNCThing at the time which proved to be acceptable on PPC Macs but does not run on Intel Macs .
Without a proper viewer people can't access ScreenRecycler in the way I imagined .
So I started programming JollysFastVNC to let people use the full power of ScreenRecycler .
As I got a few mails about the VNC capabilities of JollysFastVNC I decided to enhance the program to be a fully functional VNC client .
It ’s fast as you can see here .
Some servers are not capable of handling the amount of requests JollysFastVNC sends them .
I 'm thinking about a solution which does not slow down high performance servers like ScreenRecycler .
Feedback
Feedback is very welcome if you have a truly new idea or found a bug .
Read the Readme before submitting though .
You can mail me by clicking on the mail link inside the ‘ About box ’ in JollysFastVNC .
JollysFastVNC for older OS versions
Mac OS X 10.10 - 10.12 : JollysFastVNC.10.10.dmg
Mac OS X 10.7 - 10.9 : JollysFastVNC.10.7.dmg
Mac OS X 10.6 : JollysFastVNC.10.6.dmg
Mac OS X 10.4 - 10.5 : JollysFastVNC.10.4.dmg
The Google street view car has captured plenty of odd incidents since its creation .
Pat Kiernan points to a recently discovered one in Manhattan , taken at 29th and Park — where a collapsed ( possibly dead ? ) man lay on the street as a crowd gathers around him .
It strikes us odd that Google seems to have taken the steps to not only blur , but pixelate the man 's face ... why not just remove that section of the block until a reshoot is possible ?
" Oh , a storm is threatening
my very life today .
If I do n't get some shelter
oh yeah , I 'm gonna fade away "
- The Rolling Stones
Are you in serious danger from your partner or spouse ?
Has your partner or spouse been hurting you ?
Threatening you ?
you ?
Controlling you ?
Luckily , we have a system of over 2000 shelters across the country specifically created to provide you a safe haven from abuse and a place to get your life together .
That is , of course , unless you are a man .
According to a National Institute of Justice report and the most recent statistics we have , 835,000 men reported that they were victims of domestic violence in 2000 .
Only about 15 - 20 shelters nation - wide serve abused men , and only a handful of those strive to be welcoming to men in trouble by adopting neutral language and / or services specific to men .
On October 8th of this year , a County Circuit judge in West Virginia took a stand similar to that in California .
Judge James C. Stucky ruled that the State 's health and penal regulations denying abused men access to publicly - funded shelters , and denying female abusers access to treatment , is discriminatory .
These landmark decisions will change the way we , as a nation , view intimate partner abuse for years to come .
To require equal access to services means admitting what many people serving victims of domestic violence have known for a long time : women can be abusive and men can be in real danger from their female partners .
Consider some famous examples : David Gest , Liza Minelli's ex-husband , claimed he was regularly beaten by Minelli during the course of their .
Tiger Woods may be the most recent victim , who according to speculation , was fleeing his wife 's abuse when he crashed his SUV in his neighbor 's yard ( although Woods vigorously denies this version of events ) .
Public reaction to the abuse these men allegedly suffered has ranged from outright disbelief to malicious mocking - responses that would be shocking if the victims had been women .
Perhaps we should take a page from other nations that are beginning to recognize the importance of this hidden social problem .
This past February , the Netherlands opened up domestic violence shelters specifically designed for male victims .
Immigrant , gay and straight men , individuals who are and male victims of trafficking are all potential targets for violence who need our help .
It is high time that we recognize this problem and do something about it .
That does n't mean that we need to roll back any of the advances we 've made for female victims - what it means is that we need to recognize that all human beings deserve to be protected from violence .
WASHINGTON  Former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee dismisses talk of a Republican front - runner for the 2012 presidential race as meaningless .
" It 's like speculating who 's going to be the best actor next year when we do n't even know what the movies are , " he says .
Not that he 's sorry it seems to be him , at least at the moment .
A USA TODAY / Gallup Poll taken Saturday and Sunday puts the preacher - turned - politician , who is also a host of a weekend talk show on Fox News Channel , at the top of a list of prospective GOP contenders .
The results are based on answers from all respondents and a subset of Republicans .
None of the GOP prospects has announced he or she will join the race , but all are making the sort of appearances and speeches that would keep the option open .
USA TODAY / GALLUP POLL : Support for potential GOP contenders Huckabee cheers GOP victories Tuesday in gubernatorial races in New Jersey and Virginia but says Republicans have only themselves to blame for losing the contest in New York 's 23rd Congressional District — an area represented in Congress by Republicans for more than a century .
After intraparty warfare pushed the GOP nominee from the race , the Democrat won .
" The Republicans fumbled the ball , and the Democrats jumped on it in the end zone , " he says .
The GOP prospects for 2012 are producing a spate of books these days — in Huckabee 's case , A Simple Christmas : Twelve Stories That Celebrate the True Holiday Spirit , published Tuesday .
Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin's memoir of her experiences as the 2008 Republican vice presidential nominee , Going Rogue , will be unveiled in two weeks .
Former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney is scheduled to bring out No Apology : The Case for American Greatness next March .
Former
House speaker Newt Gingrich is hawking To Try Men 's Souls : A Novel of George Washington and the Fight for American Freedom , a book he co-authored that was published last month .
The group may have drawn a lesson from President Obama about the political value of being a successful author :
His best - selling The Audacity of Hope and Dreams from My Father helped launch his long - shot campaign .
A well - received book can bolster a candidate 's credibility , something the Republican field could use .
In poll responses on whether the prospects are " qualified to be president , " only Huckabee reaches the 50 % watermark ; Romney is just behind , at 49 % .
Palin is seen as unqualified by a 2 - 1 ratio , 62%- 31 % — including a negative rating by a third of Republicans , two - thirds of independents and eight in 10 Democrats .
Huckabee calls his new book non-political .
It is an attempt , he says , to encourage readers to connect with their families and the holidays by focusing on such fundamental values as patience , hope and faith .
He illustrates his themes with anecdotes from his own life , including several that were staples of his stump speech during his 2008 campaign .
Even so , the questions he parries as he begins to promote the book are mostly political , including at a breakfast Wednesday with reporters hosted by The Christian Science Monitor and an interview with USA TODAY .
He says it 's too early for polls to mean much but calls his standing " flattering . "
The 2012 election wo n't be easy for the GOP , he says .
Since the late 19th century , he notes , only once has a political party failed to hold the White House for at least eight years at a stretch .
USA TODAY / Gallup Poll Percentage who would " seriously consider supporting " potential Republican contenders for president : AP Mike Huckabee Overall : 40 % Republican : 71 % Getty Images Mitt Romney Overall : 39 % Republican : 65 % AP Sarah Palin Overall : 33 % Republican : 65 % Getty Images Newt Gingrich Overall : 29 % Republican : 60 %
Getty Images Tim Pawlenty Overall : 18 % Republican : 32 % AP Haley Barbour Overall : 15 % Republican : 26 % Source : USA TODAY / Gallup Poll of 1,021 adults , including 301 Republicans , taken Saturday and Sunday .
Margin of error +/- 4 percentage points overall , 7 points among Republicans .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
She 's far too thin .
Everybody says so .
In those shrunken hot pants and skinny red vest she looked positively ravenous , like an urchin from Oliver Twist - albeit one with this season 's Prada handbag and hair extensions .
But just how skinny is Victoria Beckham ?
How would it feel if she sat on your lap ?
Would she be heavier than a kitten ?
If you hugged her would she break ?
We do know that she wears jeans with a minuscule 23 - inch waist - the size , apparently , of a seven - year - old child ( it is also , as it happens , the precise circumference of my head ) .
VB is not alone , of course , but merely the leading exponent of a New Look which has come to dominate our lives .
Other exemplars include Lindsay Lohan , Mischa Barton , Nicole Richie , Kate Bosworth , Amy Winehouse - women relatively new on the celebrity radar who skitter across the pages of magazines , coat hangers furnished with tennis - ball boobs and expensive shoes , not a shred of fat to share among them .
You might not give a tossed salad how much these bony birds weigh .
You might even agree with Kate Hudson ( who recently won a libel action against the UK National Enquirer magazine for implying she had an eating disorder ) that it is none of our business .
But it is .
It matters because hyper - thin has somehow become today 's celebrity standard and , as a result - almost without us noticing - the goalposts have moved for us all .
With every image of Nicole Richie 's feeble wrists or Posh Spice 's concave thighs - which seem to shy away from each other as if they 've never been properly introduced - with every shot , an inch or an ounce is shaved off the notional ideal female form which governs our relationship with our bodies and with the world .
Images of Lindsay Lohan 's chest bones , desperately reaching out to greet strangers , or Keira Knightley 's xylophone of vertebrae , countable at 30 paces , have burned themselves into our consciousness so that uber - thin no longer looks odd .
It no longer shocks .
But it does make you look at your own soft , warm body in a hard new light .
It 's almost as if , in the course of a generation , we 've overturned the age - old feminine ideal - maternal , curvaceous , zaftig .
Looking now at pictures of Linda Evangelista in her supermodel prime , or Elizabeth Hurley in her safety - pin Versace frock , they look - unbelievably - a bit on the heavy side , even though at the time they seemed radiantly slim .
To achieve this mental switcheroo , something seismic has happened , enough to make a body mass index of 10 ( the BMA recommends something in the region of 22 ) look nearly normal to our rewired brains .
When you rub your eyes , though , and snap yourself out of the reverie , you realise that this is n't glamorous .
It 's cadaverously , dangerously thin .
I have seen this kind of thin before .
It resided in the endocrinology department at the Royal Free Hospital in Hampstead , where a member of my own family was treated for anorexia throughout her teens .
Little could I have known that , in the intervening two decades , the morbidly hungry body type I saw there would become celebrated , a glory to which women of all ages might aspire .
And they do .
We do .
If we are truthful , it 's not just anorexics who pedestal the thin ; we all do , to one extent or another .
After all , the mantra of our age is that thin gets you noticed .
It gets you a contract as a TV presenter or a model or a singer in a girl band .
Thin fast - tracks you with far more alacrity than a degree in history .
More than that , as a society , we tend to cast a forgiving eye upon the very thin , while castigating the repugnantly fat .
Here on my desk , I have a copy of TeenNow magazine , a junior version of the best - selling gossip title .
' What Celebrities Really Weigh ' is its scream - green cover - line .
Victoria Beckham , FYI , weighs 7st 10lb ; Lindsay Lohan is 7st 8 lb ; Hilary Duff weighs in at 7st 7lb , the same as Nadine Coyle from Girls Aloud ( ' My legs are always going to be skinny , ' she says .
' There 's nothing I can do about that . '
Oh yes there is , Nadine !
Try chocolate fudge cake .
Works for me every time . )
Mischa Barton , meanwhile , is 7st 5 lb .
Even Katie Price , with her heavyweight frontage , only tips the scales at eight stone .
Nicole Richie , though , is the runt in the bunch , weighing a painful 6st 9lb .
' I know I 'm too thin , ' she is quoted as saying .
' I would n't want any young girl looking at me wanting to be like me .
I 'm not happy with the way I look right now . '
Why then are TeenNow readers getting a Technicolor gawp at her ?
She 's not there , surely , as a warning , but as a temptation .
Editor Jeremy Mark seems affronted by the suggestion .
' When we do weight covers , we are scrupulously careful not to suggest that skinniness should be an aim for our readers ; we always offer professional advice about healthy eating .
It 's a touchy subject , particularly among teens , so everything is checked by lawyers and doctors .
We certainly have a responsibility to show balance in the images that we choose - which is why we also show Charlotte Church , Joss Stone , Kelly Clarkson , Scarlett Johansson , Beyoncé or Colleen - women with a more rounded shape as a reassurance to our readers . '
Come on , Jeremy , I say .
You know thin sells .
That 's why heat magazine ran ' She 's sooo Skinny ! ' cover lines for a dozen consecutive weeks and smashed their sales figures in the process .
Mark eventually concedes that , ' Yes , it 's a common belief that you must be thin to be beautiful ; there 's so much pressure on celebrities to look that way .
It 's all about ad deals , sponsorship , winning contracts .
Pepsi are n't going to book you if you 're a size 16 , are they ?
They 'll book Cheryl Tweedy instead . '
At the Rhodes Farm Clinic for Eating Disorders in north London , Dr Dee Dawson has noticed a startling jump in the numbers of very young children suffering from anorexia and bulimia .
' We see lots of 10 - year - olds , ' she says with a sigh .
' The link with celebrity cannot be overstated ; though anorexics talk of family problems , the pressure of school or not wanting to grow up , we 're now seeing girls who openly say they want to look like Victoria Beckham .
Thinness is valued .
Among my patients , she is one of the top icons : as far as they can see , she gets invited everywhere , she 's got plenty of money , a handsome husband .
It 's not surprising that they associate her body shape with glamour and success . '
ChildLine too reports an increased number of calls from children , some as young as 10 , seeking help with eating disorders .
The figure rose from 1,000 in 2001 to 1,500 last year .
In a culture which venerates thin , ChildLine reports that it's not unusual for children as young as seven to believe they are fat .
Here 's a chat - room post from Rachael , age 12 : ' I have always hated the way I look .
I try to look in the mirror as little as possible .
I am curvy in all the wrong places , and if I see someone really slim and pretty it makes me want to cry .
But seeing all of the celebs in tight skinny outfits does make me want to lose weight !
I 've done it before and I 'm going to do it again !'
In the darker recesses of the internet , where teenagers increasingly reside , Victoria Beckham has become a macabre pin-up among subscribers to the web 's many pro-ana websites .
Here , anorexics exchange tips on how to starve themselves effectively ( ' Smoking burns calories , ' offers one contributor ; ' If your stomach grumbles , hit it , ' suggests another ) , together with ' thinspirational ' images of their favourite celebrities .
' I envy her thin legs and chest , ' writes one Posh fan .
' She has beautiful bones sticking out of her chest . '
Beautiful bones ?
Hardly , says Dr Dee Dawson .
' With a body like that , she 'll be osteoporotic very early , she 's unlikely to be menstruating , her muscles are being eaten from within - even her heart will have wasted away . '
Furthermore , what these girls are admiring is something that does n't exist in nature - a random handful of body parts held together with eyelash glue .
Says Dawson , with unapologetic ire , ' You can count every single one of her ribs , and then you come to those domes of bosoms that there 's no way she could produce herself .
If she had the right breasts to go with that frame , she 'd have nipples and nothing else !'
Yet that weightless , curiously proportioned body is idolised - by all of us , whether we should know better or not .
Look at Nicole Kidman , Jennifer Aniston , Keira Knightley , Christina Ricci , Teri Hatcher , Eva Herzigova , any model on any catwalk anywhere in the world - I 've got handbags that weigh more than they do .
I could fold Eva Longoria up and pop her in my pocket .
In this looking - glass world , a 100 - pounder is a heavyweight .
Size 00 - a logical impossibility when you pause to consider it - is now Hollywood 's dress - size of choice .
True perspective can be gained when you consider that the pin-up of the 1890s was Lillian Russell , all 200 pounds of her .
We do n't even have to mention Jayne Mansfield , Marilyn Monroe , Sophia Loren - none of whom would get the job today - to know that something 's up .
Studies have shown that , while 25 years ago the average model weighed eight per cent less than the average American woman ( and , yes , Twiggy was abnormally petite in her day ) , today 's model weighs 23 per cent below the national average .
This points up the fascinating paradox that , while we are desperate to keep up with our ever - shrinking celebrities , the average woman is actually getting bulkier .
We 're round like melons and fat like sausages , despite obsessing about our lardy arses every day .
Fat lot of good it does us .
While our icons are running the distinct risk of slipping between the cracks in the pavement , we 're turning into bollards .
Thirty - eight per cent of British women are now classified as overweight , and one in five is obese .
If we resemble anyone , it 's not Posh Spice .
It 's Elton John .
As long ago as 2000 , the BMA , in its report ' Eating Disorders , Body Image and the Media ' , noted that the extreme thinness of celebrities was ' both unachievable and biologically inappropriate ' , observing that the gap between the media ideal and the reality appeared to be making eating disorders worse .
' At present , certain sections of the media provide images of extremely thin or underweight women in contexts which suggest that these weights are healthy or desirable , ' it stated , recommending that normal women in the upper reaches of a healthy weight should be ' more in evidence on television as role models for young women ' .
Television producers and those in advertising should review their employment of very thin women , and the Independent Television Commission should review its advertising policy , the report recommended .
Six years on , the converse has happened .
To maintain their ' biologically inappropriate ' body shape , our celebrities - those brave enough to step up to the plate and admit it - are permanently hungry .
Elizabeth Hurley has confessed as much .
Marcia Cross , who plays Bree in Desperate Housewives , recently admitted that staying thin was ' a living hell ' , and that she felt she had been banned from eating since joining the show .
Actresses , models , singers , presenters - all are subject to the tyranny of thin enforced by the minders , moulders and producers who know very well what sells .
We know it happened to All Saints , to Girls Aloud .
I know that it happens to hopeful young girls from the moment that first crumby Polaroid is taken in the reception of the modelling agency .
Myleene Klass , a winner of the Popstars talent contest , was a size 12 /14 until her then record company advised her to watch herself on video to see how fat she was .
She was assigned a personal trainer , and told to become a size eight .
Fast .
For years now the dreaded ' thin issue ' has plagued the fashion press , who stand accused of promoting a singular and unachievable body shape with every androgynous little sparrow to grace their glossy pages .
Every now and then , we see a flutter of concern - when Omega pulled its ads from Vogue in a 1997 protest , for instance , or when the industry 's prime movers were called to a meeting at Downing Street in 2000 to grapple with the issue .
What tends to emerge after the dust has died down is a whole lot of nothing .
There are occasional forays into the fat zone - a 1997 Nick Knight shoot in Vogue called ' Modern Curves ' featured plus - size model Sara Morrison ; in the same year , The Body Shop ran a series of ads with the tag line , ' There are three billion women who do n't look like supermodels , and only eight who do ' .
Set against the vast portfolio of ' thimages ' which make up the wallpaper of our lives , these trifling efforts have about as much impact as a bubble on the wind .
As Dr Dee Dawson notes , ' I 've sat on endless discussion groups and panels with magazine editors , and they always say they 're trying for balance , that they 're going to change .
It never happens . '
It did happen , once at least in my experience .
When I worked at Vogue a decade ago , one of the editors produced a beach - shoot featuring a size - 14 model .
When they arrived in the office , the photos looked great ; the model was statuesque , not overweight .
But later , on the published page , tucked in between other shoots and ads featuring the starving Barbaras that are the usual glossy fodder , this lovely woman looked huge , as if she 'd been inflated with a bicycle pump .
No wonder the experiment was n't repeated .
No wonder Sophie Dahl shrank the moment she made it as a model .
Given the choice , we 'll take thin , thanks .
Following the Downing Street initiative , Premier , a top model agency , argued convincingly that women who bought fashion magazines were as much to blame as the editors and advertisers who used them .
' It is a supply - and - demand thing - advertisers , magazines and agencies supply the image that consumers want to see .
Statistics show that if you stick a beautiful skinny girl on the cover of a magazine you sell more copies . '
Vogue 's editor Alexandra Shulman might well agree , though she 's too polite to say so .
Until lately , she has rather shirked the issue by saying , ' All we are doing is showing images of women we regard as interesting or beautiful or fashionable .
But we are not actually saying you have to be like this . '
Last year , though , Shulman was more candid : ' I really wish that models were a bit bigger because then I would n't have to deal with this the whole time , ' she said in one newspaper interview .
' There is pressure on them to stay thin , and I 'm always talking to the designers about it , asking why they can't just be a bit closer to a real woman 's physique in terms of their ideal , but they 're not going to do it .
Clothes look better to all of our eyes on people who are thinner . '
Boom .
The bottom line .
Clothes .
Put bluntly , clothes look better on a slim frame .
' Being skinny does n't mean you 've automatically got a good body , not at all , ' confides one wafer - thin friend .
' Thin definitely does n't give you good legs , just thinner legs .
But it does , by and large , mean you 'll look all right in clothes . '
And do n't we all of us want that ?
In my experience , there 's a constant jockeying for position on the weight front among women , a competitive , low - grade bitchery ( rarely expressed , but captured , often , on the cover of heat or Now ) which reveres the dropping of a dress size and stigmatises the gaining of a kilo .
Of course , if you 're bright and grown - up and plugged into the issues of the day , you tend not to let on that you 're fascinated by other women 's bottoms .
But you are .
We are .
We look .
We compare .
In our image - saturated , overweight universe , we 're hypercritical of our peers and our paragons .
It 's nothing to do with men ( heaven knows , few men actually fancy the perilously thin females glorified by women ; most would swap five Posh Spices for a Jennifer Lopez any day ) , and everything to do with competition between females .
' Women are duplicitous on this issue , ' says Leeds Medical School psychologist Dr Andrew Hill .
' Much of the pressure about appearance and weight is applied by other women .
In the face of nutritional abundance , women are showing their status by eating poorly - much as a corpulent belly historically indicated status in times of privation .
It 's perverse , but a reverse snobbery now informs our relationship with weight ; being thin in an overeating society is a sign of control .
It takes enormous will to stay so thin .
' Nationally , we 're getting fatter by a percentage point each year - so people who are trying to lose weight , which means most of us , are in awe of the high achievers in the field .
We 're also intimately involved in celebrity lives in a way we never used to be .
We 're encouraged to have an opinion by an invasive media . '
The web makes it easier still .
Last year , FeedLindsay.com amassed more than 30,000 signatures petitioning scrappy little Lohan to gain weight .
Last February , Nicole Richie was weighed ' live ' on the prime - time Howard Stern Show , a grotesque freak fair for the modern age .
( Since you ask , she was 92 pounds , though observers speculate that she has slimmed down since then ; besides , she was wearing jewellery at the time . )
With every diet tip and photo shoot offered by the famous , the more we are invited to take a seat at their table and judge and , says Dr Hill , the more self - critical we become as a society .
As a result , he says , ' Weight control has become the ambition of a generation . '
For all but the very disciplined - or very disturbed - the kind of hyper - thin portrayed by the stars is an impossible goal , which is why so many Western women are in a constant state of food anxiety .
Four in 10 of us are on a permanent diet .
Ninety - eight per cent of us hate our bodies .
We nurse our own little rituals , weight - management tics that were once the preserve of the Hurleys and Paltrows of this world , carefully tailored to suit our needs .
We know how much bread we ate for lunch and whether we can , therefore , have half a potato for supper .
We 're living under a siege of our own making , bedevilled by a sickening guilt as we lick the last chocolate smear from a Magnum lolly .
Some , of course , are more passionate in their pursuit of thin than others .
My wafer - thin friend is adamant that she is well within the bell - curve of normal when she describes her ' couture - eating disorder ' thus :
' It may vary from writing down fat grams and cals consumed in a single day on the backs of envelopes , which is done as thoughtlessly as doodling , to the constant bits of fat - avoiding snippets we exchange , to ' snacking ' on coffee because it take the edge off hunger to having a glass of water or Diet Coke very close to hand if you ever decide to have a teeny bit of chocolate , so that you can wash away the taste immediately and stop yourself wanting more ...'
And this from an intelligent individual , who knows very well that the game of Thin Quest is the last word in banal .
So , why ?
Why , after emancipation , feminism , after - ha ha - Girl Power - should pouring yourself into a very small frock be such a stellar achievement ?
Is n't it embarrassingly shallow and meaningless ?
We persist , says Dr Hill , because weight has come to signify all that is desirable , because ' judgment of character is increasingly based on superficial appearance .
We objectify celebrities , inferring all sorts of things from their physical appearance .
Image colours everything , simply because , in a world overloaded with information , we cling to what is most obvious : and that 's how things look . '
The recent influx of what Dr Hill calls ' talentless self - seeking bimbettes ' into the fame game has only concentrated attention more fully on looks alone ; that 's all that remains now that silly old talent appears to have been excised from the equation .
In Victoria Beckham 's case , her ' thimage ' has become a life raft for a sinking career .
As one of her friends pointed out recently , ' Her figure is her career and with the spotlight constantly on her , she says she has to watch her weight very carefully .
She does n't care if some people think she 's gone too far . '
If anything , she has come out fighting : ' I have n't got an eating disorder , ' she snapped the other day , ' I 'm just disciplined about what I eat . '
But my , what discipline !
Really , it 's hard not to be impressed .
Most of us would buckle after 10 minutes on her punishing regime .
She chews for ages .
She quizzes waiters to have them remove butter , oil and salad dressings from her plate .
She does n't eat portions that can't fit into the palm of her hand , 'as that 's the same size as her stomach ' .
She only eats fruit till 3 pm and then limits her intake to 500 calories for the rest of the day .
It 's possible - as Dr Dee Dawson points out - that Posh does n't have an eating disorder in the medical sense ; anorexia and bulimia are , after all , psychiatric conditions characterised by a host of pathological behaviours and beliefs way beyond the normal range .
While she displays plenty of these , she also has enough control and awareness to calibrate her food intake when she wants a child and then rein her appetite back in when she wants to dump the baby fat .
According to the friend , ' Victoria knows that she 'll have to start eating carbs if she has any hope of conceiving [ a fourth baby ] . '
Could you ask for a more revealing take on modern life ?
While Victoria admits she has ' come close ' to an eating disorder , other celebrities are more candid .
Here 's just a handful who have recently disclosed their own anorexia or bulimia ( though they usually distance themselves from its grim reality by using the past tense ) : Mary Kate Olsen , Christina Ricci , Portia de Rossi , Calista Flockhart , Karen Elson , Tracy Shaw , Kate Beckinsale , Geri Halliwell , Melanie Chisholm ...
Not that it stops us wanting to look like them ; we just choose to concentrate on their lovely slim arms and nutty buttocks rather than the fact that they have possibly just chucked up their lunch .
Funny how a brain can curtain off unpalatable truths and feed happily on the garnish .
But perhaps we should look harder - at Victoria 's sad little bod , at her desperate little jeans .
Perhaps we should train ourselves to see the perma - hunger of the hyper - thin .
Strip away the gloss , starve their lovely bones of the oxygen of publicity .
In the final analysis , does n't the responsibility lie not with them , but with us ?
