← Sidebar
Several days ago Russian President Dmitry Medvedev had a visit to Russian army training ground in Moskovskaya oblast .
During the visit the President had a chance to fire legendary machine gun “ Maksim ” and to drive new vehicles .
Tags : Moskovskaya oblast
<< The churches of Tula oblast photos
Wonderful Russia music video >>
No comments yet .
Los Angeles , California ( CNN ) -- NBC host Jay Leno is going back to late nights after a low - rated experiment in prime time , the network announced Sunday .
Leno 's prime - time talk show , which debuted in September , " did n't meet affiliates ' needs , " said Jeff Gaspin , chairman of NBC Universal Television Entertainment .
The program will go off the air February 12 , when the 2010 Winter Olympics begin .
The network is now negotiating with Leno and its current late - night hosts , Conan O'Brien and Jimmy Fallon , to decide who ends up with which time slot , Gaspin said .
O'Brien took over NBC 's flagship " Tonight Show " when Leno moved to the 10 p.m. slot in September .
Fallon took over O'Brien 's former show , " Late Night . "
Gaspin said the plan now is for Leno to host a new , half - hour show at 11:35 p.m. ET , followed by " Tonight " with O'Brien at 12:05 a.m.
Fallon 's show would move to the 1 a .m. hour , he said .
Do you think NBC did the right thing ?
The goal is to keep all three hosts , but nothing was a done deal as of Sunday , he said .
Reports of the shakeup first emerged last week .
Leno dismissed them on his show on Thursday night , telling his audience , " It 's always been my experience NBC only cancels you when you 're in first place . "
Leno 's move to prime time was a risk for NBC , because it put a talk show up against scripted prime - time shows and ran it five days a week .
Network spokeswoman Rebecca Marks said last week that Leno performed " exactly as we anticipated on the network . "
But for NBC 's affiliates , Leno 's low ratings were taking viewers -- and the resulting ad dollars -- away from their late local newscasts .
" The 11 o'clock news hours were bleeding ratings , " said Stuart Levine , an analyst for the entertainment trade paper Variety .
While NBC appeared to be fine with Leno 's numbers , the affiliates " kind of revolted and said we have to have better ratings , " Levine said .
Michael Fiorile , the chairman of NBC 's affiliate board , called the decision announced Sunday " a great move for the affiliates , the network and , most importantly , the viewers . "
" We admire their willingness to innovate , and their willingness to change course when it did n't work for us , " Fiorile said in a written statement .
For NBC , which had promised to give Leno a full year in the 10 p.m. time slot , " It 's certainly a little bit of egg on the face , " Levine said .
Mediaweek analyst Marc Berman called the network 's gamble on Leno " the biggest fiasco in the history of television . "
" What they did n't realize was that the people who watched Leno in late night were not necessarily the same people who watched in prime time , so there was no reason to believe that his audience would follow him to prime time , " Berman said .
Meanwhile , the O'Brien - helmed " Tonight " lost about half its audience " and actually really hurt late night , which is a big profit center for NBC , " Berman said .
Moving " Tonight " -- which has held its current slot for decades -- back a half - hour is likely to hurt the show , and Berman predicted that NBC will be unable to keep all three hosts .
" My guess is down the road , they will give back Leno the ' Tonight Show , ' leave it on at 11:35 p.m. , and Conan will move to Fox , " he said .
" But if I was either one of those gentlemen , I would be looking elsewhere right now . "
CNN 's Doug Hyde contributed to this report .
Michigan - based Exodus Films unveiled the hero - ride for their upcoming sci- fi flick , Jinn .
It 's " The Firebreather , " a stylized take on what a new Pontiac Firebird might 've been .
Look familiar ?
It should .
Better news ?
They 're building 50 of them for public purchase .
Advertisement
The car was designed by the film 's writer and director and Art Center grad AJ Ahmad , who wanted to tie the developing Michigan film industry to the state 's history .
The Firebreather will be the hero car in the movie , driven by the film 's star Ray Park ( aka Darth Maul ) who was on hand for the unveiling .
Advertisement
The car , built by Classic Design Concepts for the film , takes a new Camaro and gives it an all - new , and very handsomely - styled front end , an entirely new tail end with a new spoiler , new hood , some slick custom wheels , the Eibach Pro-Plus performance handling package a embroidered seats .
Here 's the best part — for Firebird fans who want something a little different , fifty numbered copies of The Firebreather are on sale as of right now with a starting price of $ 60,000 .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
( Editor 's Note : I first met Ajmal Ahmad , the film 's director , in high school in Metro Detroit .
He 's one of the most brilliantly creative people I know — and he helped me to see that I wanted to do something more creative in my life than finance or politics .
So I 'm not at all surprised he 's doing something as cool as this .
— Ray )
The potential criminality of the Climategate scandal is exactly the issue that is being investigated by authorities in Britain .
The British Parliament has convened hearings to investigate East Anglia University and the Climate Research Unit to uncover unethical and illegal activities .
As more information is revealed , the whole Climategate affair begins to take on the makings of a good mystery novel .
Like any good mystery or crime plot , the web of involvement is widespread .
But in order for a reader to be drawn in , the author must establish the motive and opportunity for the crime to be believable .
To understand Climategate , we must start at the center of the web .
At the center is the now - discredited Dr. Phil Jones of East Anglia University and the work he orchestrated at the Climate Research Unit ( CRU ) .
This is exactly where the British Parliament has started its investigation for possible criminal wrongdoing .
The British investigation , headed up by Phil Willis , M.P. , focuses on four areas : data manipulation , data suppression , violations of the Freedom of Information Act , and data integrity .
Clearly , the recently uncovered e-mails will play a big role in this investigation .
A new thread in this web has appeared recently concerning a separate investigation conducted by the European Law Enforcement Organization Cooperation ( aka Europol ) .
Investigators have found evidence of a complex carbon - trading scam on the European Climate Exchange .
Just three short weeks ago , three British subjects were arrested in an apparent scam worth billions of dollars .
Much of the criminal activity alleged involves tax evasion .
Trading on the European Climate Exchange is open to the world market , but the carbon credits only involve the European Union ( EU ) nations giving brokers the ability to hide trading activities in other countries and avoid paying taxes .
This is known as a Carousel Fraud .
Curiously , this thread of tax avoidance is also spun into the tangled web of e-mails from East Anglia University .
In one of the e-mails dated 6 March 1996 , two members of the Jones Gang , Stepan Shiyatov and Dr. Kieth Briffa , discuss how to avoid paying taxes in Russia :
Also , it is important for us if you can transfer the ADVANCE money on the personal accounts which we gave you earlier and the sum for one occasion transfer ( for example , during one day ) will not be more than 10,000 USD .
Only in this case we can avoid big taxes and use money for our work as much as possible .
This is not an isolated e-mail concerning money .
On 7 October 1997 , Andrew Kerr of the World Wild Life Fund ( WWF ) sent an e-mail to essentially the entire global network of the Jones Gang expressing grave concerns that Kyoto would be a " flop " and fretted about the possible economic impact it might have :
It would also be very useful if progressive business groups would express their horror at the new economic opportunities which will be foregone if Kyoto is a flop .
Best wishes , Andrew
The question is , why would the WWF be interested in " new economic opportunities " if the Kyoto Accord were to fail ?
Are n't they supposed to save panda bears ?
As they say in Washington , " follow the money . "
One of the major benefactors of the WWF is the global banking giant HSBC Holdings plc. HSBC is a major trader on the European Climate Exchange .
The public stance on climate was voiced by Stephen Green , a Group Chairman at HSBC :
Finding the solutions to climate change requires a concerted international effort involving governments , NGOs , intergovernmental institutions , the public and , of course , the business community .
The HSBC Climate Partnership is an example of how different types of organizations can work together and has already been a catalyst for change in how we do business .
" A catalyst for change in how we do business " ?
Is that a way of saying market manipulation ?
By " involving " all of these " communities , " is this a collaborative effort or a conspiracy ?
Is the WWF a member of these " communities " ?
The question must be asked whether the WWF is a tool of market manipulation ?
SEATTLE -- A King County Superior Court judge has declared a mistrial in the case of a former sheriff 's deputy who was videotaped beating a 15 - year - old girl in a jail cell , after jurors said they were unable to reach a verdict .
The 12 - member jury had been deliberating since Wednesday afternoon .
Former deputy Paul Schene displayed no visible reaction as the judge declared the mistrial today .
Prosecutors quickly announced that they will retry the case .
Schene was charged with fourth - degree assault for kicking , tackling and punching 15 - year - old Malika Calhoun after she kicked her shoe toward him as he was exiting a holding cell in SeaTac in November 2008 .
Schene said he followed training in restraining the car theft suspect .
He was fired last September from his job as a deputy .
Prosecutors say the video speaks for itself .
-- The Associated Press
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Commercial banks typically make long - term loans , something that can be risky because it ties up their money for years at a time .
But usually this is n’t a big problem , since commercial banks also have a very stable deposit base that provides the bulk of their funding .
Conversely , investment banks get a great deal of their funding from overnight loans in the repo market .
This can be inherently risky too , but usually it ’s not a big problem either because their investments are n’t in long - term loans , but in liquid securities that can be bought and sold quickly if their funding goes south .
But what happens when you have a mismatch ?
What if institutions with volatile , short - term funding are tying up their money in long - term loans ?
Via Mike Konczal , Raj Date says this is the real problem we need to address , not Paul Volcker ’s plan to prevent commercial banks from doing proprietary trading :
Many of the credit bubble ?s excesses can be traced to the “ shadow banking ” sector , which is essentially the intersection between commercial banking and investment banking business models : shadow banks take illiquid credit and interest rate risk ( like commercial banks ) , but fund themselves principally through the wholesale markets ( like investment banks ) .
Because of long - recognized regulatory loopholes , shadow banks were also frequently able to operate with significantly lower capital requirements than commercial bank competitors .
With both capital and funding advantages in hand , shadow banks grew to some 60 % of the U.S. credit system .
…. With that context in mind , the focus of the Volcker Rule , as currently described , seems misplaced — or at least too narrow .
The crisis did not stem from commercial banks stumbling into investment banking businesses ; the crisis did stem , in the main , from allowing firms that fund themselves in the wholesale markets to take on credit and rate risk as though they were commercial banks or hedge funds .
Note that cheap credit + low capital requirements = enormous leverage .
And that makes the entire shadow banking system extremely fragile .
The key chart in Date ’s presentation is below , but the entire thing is short and worth reading .
More later .
( Natural News ) Patients who carry drug - resistant bacteria home after hospital discharge can transmit the infection to their home caretakers , according to a study conducted by researchers from Bichat - Claude Bernard Hospital , Assistance Publique - Hopitaux de Paris , and published in the journalInfection by antibiotic - resistant " superbugs " such as methicillin - resistant Staphylococcus aureus ( MRSA ) is a growing public health threat .
According to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , more than 3.5 million people become infected with MRSA in the United States each year , leading to 90,000 deaths .
In particular , " community - acquired " MRSA infections -- those acquired outside of health - care settings -- are of increasing concern to public health officials .
"
In the last decade , community - acquired MRSA strains have caused hospital outbreaks and sometimes replaced older strains previously responsible for hospital - acquired MRSA infections , " the researchers wrote .
" Conversely , hospital - acquired MRSA strains can spread outside the healthcare system .
"
The study was conducted on 1,501 patients who were discharged from French hospitals into home care between February 2003 and March 2004 .
" Patients with major health problems are increasingly discharged to home health care , which creates new opportunities for the transmission of hospital - acquired MRSA , " researcher Jean - Christophe Lucet said .
The researchers found that 191 of the discharged patients , or 12.7 percent , were infected with MRSA .
While just over half of these patients were able to eliminate their MRSA infections within one year of infection , 19.1 percent of the patients ' household contacts also became infected .
None of the infected household contacts developed symptoms of infection , meaning the bacteria were living only in the nose or skin -- where they could be re-transmitted to someone else .
Older patients were more likely to bring MRSA home from the hospital , and elderly contacts were also most likely to acquire the infection .
The contacts at highest risk were those providing care to the patients .
" Sharing the same bed or bedroom , in contrast , was not associated with MRSA transmission , " the researchers wrote .
" Thus , MRSA may be preferentially transmitted to contacts at high risk for hand contamination during care procedures .
" They recommended that home health - care providers follow the same sanitation and hygiene practices that are recommended for hospitals Sources for this story include : www.reuters.com;
RIYADH , Saudi Arabia —
“ Have it your way ! ”
The long - time Burger King slogan usually refers to pickles , onions and cheese .
But a new series of hilarious ads for the hamburger chain created for Middle East consumers puts a whole new spin on the well - worn phrase .
And in the process , the commercials make some interesting social commentary .
The three spots — which are airing on YouTube to test public response before going to satellite television — feature two young Arab men having a Burger King meal with two young American women they just met .
The women are clearly clueless .
“ Middle East ?
Is n’t that the capital of Arabia , or somewhere ? ” one asks .
“ Do you guys , like , drive camels to work in the morning ? ”
“ You must be loaded ! ”
Instead of being insulted , the men play along as they demolish their whoppers .
One says he lives in a “ double - story tent . ”
The other relates how he has “ oil wells in the backyard and once a week a group of businessmen comes to us and we pump the oil by hand . ”
One of the wide - eyed women starts imagining these scenes .
In her mind ’s eye , for example , she sees her dinner partners in traditional robes standing by a hand - pump and being given a paper bag from a tall man in a cowboy hat .
“ Here ’s your cash and your whopper , ” he says in an exaggerated American accent .
The woman ’s fantasies all end with “ Have it your way ! ” and Burger King ’s logo flashing on the screen .
The ads were developed by Dubai - based Tonic Communications for the Gulf region ’s Burger King franchise - holder , Riyadh - based Olayan Group , a Saudi - owned international conglomerate .
Olayan officials did not respond to an email and phone messages seeking comment , and a Tonic official said he was not given permission by his client to speak with a reporter .
But it is clear that the ads are targeting the Gulf region ’s savvy and travel - loving young adult population .
Of the 70,000 Saudis studying abroad on government scholarships , about 24,000 of them are in the United States .
The ads exploit — and laugh at — the ignorance of many Americans about the Middle East , and about Saudi Arabia in particular .
For the record , it is true that this oil - rich kingdom has plenty of camels — but not in cities , where people commute by car .
There are no oil wells — hand - pumped or otherwise — in backyards .
And tents are mostly for recreational use .
Maybe the king ’s desert tent — a sumptuous affair where he recently received U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton — has two stories , but others do not .
As for fabulous riches , those are mostly limited to an elite .
Many Saudis get by on moderate to low incomes , and the number who live under the poverty line has been variously estimated at somewhere between 1.5 to 3 million .
Only around 30 percent of Saudi families own their own home .
Ignorance , however , goes both ways .
Arabs sometimes have exaggerated visions of America as the land of opportunity , where money comes easily , and jobs are always fulfilling .
And given the image of American society presented in silly sitcoms and sexually suggestive dramas like " Desperate Housewives " and " Sex in the City " — which are top fare on Arab satellite stations — it is hardly surprising that many Arabs have a warped notion of American females as women who neglect their families and hop into bed with any man at any moment .
In a darker vein , some Islamist political groups and clerics deliberately depict the United States in monochrome terms as a drug and sex- crazed nation in order to validate their contention that the West is the source of all evil .
The 30 - second Burger King ads , of course , have no such agenda .
They are just poking fun , and perhaps showing that a good laugh can go a long way towards mutual understanding .
The crazy things foreigners ask
Launching my own unscientific poll , I sent emails to Saudi friends asking for the craziest thing they were ever asked by a foreigner .
Here are a few of their replies ( with answers supplied by the pollster when necessary ) :
From an advertising firm employee in Riyadh :
“ Pre -911 [ sic ] , I got a lot of the typical : ‘ Does your family own an oil well ?
Do they live in tents ?
Do you guys ride camels ? ’
“ Then there was 911 , and the questions became : ‘ Is it safe over there ?
Are n't you afraid someone is gonna bomb you ?
Do people spray each other with machine guns all the time ? ’
“ Absolutely no more camel & tent questions .
“ It is quite obvious that people back in the USA assume I live in SaudiRaqiRanOstan .
“ But the silliest question asked recently was [ with a slight Southern accent ] :
‘ Is it true that if you look at a woman over there they will cut off your ding - dong ? ’ ”
Answer : No
From a Saudi woman studying in New York :
“ I would have to say the most ridiculous question I keep getting is whether or not I 'm a princess .
I wish , but no , no … For some reason , being a female from a Gulf state and showing a somewhat reasonable propensity for styling yourself a certain way makes you a princess .
Hey , I 'm not complaining .
It 's just ridiculous in that it 's so , so untrue ! ”
From an employee of a U.S. corporation with offices in Riyadh :
“ I actually had an executive visiting Saudi Arabia for the first time to take part of an event I was doing .
I was expecting a series of questions about security and safety of the country as those were very common .
However the funniest and most outrageous question I got was : ‘ Is English understood commonly ? ’ ”
Answer : Yes
From a Saudi male blogger in Riyadh :
“ I got asked by a visiting female member of parliament : ‘ Is it true that if your house has a girl ready for marriage you have to put a flag on your roof ? ’ ”
Answer : No
From friends of the blogger , which he collected for me by Twitter , Facebook and Tumblr :
“ Is it true that a Saudi can marry four wives ? ”
Answer : Yes
“ Are all your taxis BMWs ? ”
Answer : No
“ How many wives do you have ? ”
“ Have you seen Osama [ bin Laden ] before ? ”
“ What is the name of the city in Saudi Arabia that allows alcohol ? ? ”
Answer : None .
The questioner was thinking of the neighboring country of Bahrain , which permits alcohol consumption .
From an American who grew up in Saudi :
“ The craziest thing I have ever had anyone sincerely ask me was if I spoke Muslim . ”
From a Saudi student in Virginia :
“ All the people that I know are quite educated , and I have never heard a crazy or stupid comment about Saudi Arabia from any of the people that I have met .
I would call Americans , even those who are well - educated , outdated for the lack of a better term ...
They still think that if you steal [ in Saudi Arabia ] , they will cut your hands off !
“ I usually respond by saying it 's a law , but it 's not implemented or enforced anymore — just like cohabitation laws in Virginia . ”
( CNN ) --
As coalition and Afghan forces entered the second week of a major offensive against the Taliban in southern Afghanistan , the head of U.S. Central Command warned that the potential loss of lives among U.S. forces in the operation " will be tough . "
Gen . David Petraeus said the losses could be comparable to those seen after the 2007 surge of U.S. troops into Iraq .
" They 'll be tough .
They were tough in Iraq , " Petraeus said on NBC's " Meet the Press . "
From the time the U.S. surge in Iraq began in January 2007 until its official end in July 2008 , 1,125 U.S. troops died -- more than a quarter of the total 4,379 Americans who have died in the Iraq war .
" The reality is that it 's hard , but we are [ in Afghanistan ] for a very , very important reason , we can't forget that , " he added .
" We 're in Afghanistan to ensure that it cannot once again be a sanctuary for the kinds of attacks that were carried out on 9/11 . "
Despite stiff Taliban resistance to Operation Moshtarak in Helmand province , Petraeus said that the militants are " a bit disjointed at this point in time . "
" When we go on the offensive , when we take away sanctuaries and safe havens from the Taliban and other extremist elements that we and our Afghan and coalition partners are fighting in that country , they 're going to fight back , " he added .
" And we 're seeing that in Marjah , we will see that in other areas , but we are going after them across the spectrum . "
Petraeus noted that the offensive is just the " initial salvo " of what will be a 12 - to 18 - month military campaign , but results are being seen already .
" We have more of our special operations forces going in on the ground , and you 've seen the results , you 've heard some of the initial results of that with more ...
Taliban shadow governors being captured , more of the high - value targets being taken down . "
See more Afghanistan coverage at Afghanistan Crossroads blog
The Central Command chief also addressed his group 's assessment of al Qaeda , following a dust - up a week ago between former Vice President Dick Cheney and current Vice President Joe Biden .
Biden had argued that another massive terror attack against the United States , like the one on September 11 , 2001 , was " unlikely . "
But Cheney called that analysis " dead wrong , " and said the biggest threat facing the United States now is a potentially huge terror attack with nuclear weapons or biological agents .
Petraeus said the assessment of the U.S. Central Command is that al Qaeda has been " diminished " in the past year .
" But ... al Qaeda is a flexible , adaptable -- it may be barbaric , it may believe in extremist ideology as it does -- but this is a thinking , adaptive enemy and we must maintain pressure on it everywhere . "
7 Financial Moves to Make in Your 20s
We know that public education today is short on the subject of financial literacy , so unless parents are teaching kids about finances , many youngsters are finding out about good financial decisions the hard way — through making mistakes .
I just turned 30 , and I wish I had done quite a few things differently .
The following are 7 financial moves to make in your 20s that I wish I had made .
If you want to increase the chances of prosperity down the road , do it , and remember to teach your kids :
Live Within Your Means :
This seems terribly obvious , but for many , it is n’t .
I know .
I spent the first three years of my 20s engaged in instant gratification , using my credit cards so that I did n’t have to limit myself on food , clothes or fun .
Cleaning up that mess took almost the rest of my 20s ( until I was 27 ) , and set me back some .
Start now to live on a budget that allows your outflows to remain smaller than your inflows .
Pay Down Debt :
The average college student has $ 4,138 in credit card debt , according to Sallie Mae .
This does n’t include car loans , student loans and other debts .
If you have debt , work now to begin paying it off .
( Here are 25 tips to help you pay down debt ) Develop a Savings Habit :
If you have n’t been saving money since high school ( I have my seven - year - old son saving part of his allowance now ) , your 20s is a good time to develop a savings habit .
Consider the money that goes into a savings account an essential part of your budget ( tip : you can even make it automatic by diverting a monthly amount into savings ) .
Start with an emergency fund and go from there .
Begin Investing : I know people who opened an IRA in high school , once they got their first jobs .
Sadly , I am not one of those people .
I did , however , open a Roth IRA in my mid-20s , even though I did n’t put much into it to begin with .
The earlier you start investing , the more money you will have down the road , thanks to the awesome power of compound interest .
If I had started just five years earlier , I could have thousands more in my retirement account than I do now .
Cultivate Marketable Skills :
Your 20s is a good time to cultivate skills and education that can benefit you down the road .
Consider what skills will be in demand in the coming years , and consider what you enjoy .
I am fortunate enough to have earned a degree in Communications , and go on to acquire a M.A. in Journalism .
These skills allow me to work from home as a freelance writer , supporting my family while my husband works on a Ph.D. — so that he can enter a field with growth - potential : the environment and public health .
Establish Credit :
While you do n’t want to get out of control with the credit cards , it is important to start establishing credit while in your 20s .
Be careful , though , that you work towards establishing the good kind of credit .
A credit card , for example , can be one of the most effective ways to do this , but only if you pay off the balance each month .
You can also get a small auto loan or other small obligation that you can make monthly payments on .
This will help you in the future as you buy a home , and even as you look for good deals on auto insurance .
Choose Your Life Partner Carefully :
While you do n’t have to see eye to eye on every financial issue , you should still choose a life partner that has the same goals and values as you .
Even if your partner has issues now , you are on the right track if he or she is working toward financial improvement , and you can support and encourage each other .
If you plan on combining your finances with your spouse , communication and honesty are especially important .
Finally , do n’t forget to live a little .
Money is supposed to be used , in part , for your enjoyment .
There are many frugal travel ideas ( consider Peace Corps , teaching English abroad and similar opportunities ) , as well as low - cost entertainment ( camping , discount movies , going to the park ) options .
If you are paying tuition by the semester , and have room in your course schedule , take a class just for fun .
You want to learn how to use money so it benefits you now and in the future , rather than letting it make you a prisoner .
Saving money is about freedom , and doing it early in your 20s will get you there that much quicker .
VANCOUVER , British Columbia 
The Vancouver Olympics were set to open with the most daunting and dangerous collection of events the Winter Games had ever seen , but before the competitions even began , a luge athlete died in a high - speed crash that overshadowed Friday night ’s opening ceremony and intensified concerns over the safety of the Games .
The athlete , Nodar Kumaritashvili of the Republic of Georgia , lost control of his sled near the end of his training run while traveling nearly 90 miles an hour  about as fast as any luger had ever gone before the Whistler Sliding Centre track was completed in 2007 .
The sled , with Kumaritashvili riding atop on his back , feet first , bounced off a side wall and threw Kumaritashvili over the short ice - covered concrete wall on the left .
He slammed into vertical supports that hold a canopy and lights over the course .
Medics arrived immediately , and Kumaritashvili was pronounced dead at a hospital .
Kumaritashvili , from Borjomi , Georgia , was 21 .
Hours after the accident , Georgia ’s Olympic athletes wore black armbands as they marched in the opening ceremony .
February 5 , 2010
Marlene Martin of the Campaign to End the Death Penalty talks about what Howard Zinn meant to those fighting for a better and more just world .
LAST JULY , I sent an invitation to Howard Zinn , asking if he would be the keynote speaker at the Campaign to End the Death Penalty 's convention in Chicago in November .
It was a long shot , his close friend and collaborator Anthony Arnove told me -- not because he would n't want to do it , but because he had so much to do on The People Speak film project , and because his health was not the best .
" But you should go ahead and ask " was Anthony 's advice .
So ask I did .
I told Howard that the people attending the Campaign would be moms , sisters , fathers , brothers and grandfathers , struggling to stick by their family members on death row ; former prisoners brutalized by the criminal justice system ; and the kind of activists who hold grassroots struggles together .
I told him that we took the name of our newsletter from his book SNCC : The New Abolitionists , and that we would be honored if he would join us .
I scanned my e-mail every day for a response .
My daughter remembers me screaming like I won the lottery when I got his message accepting the invitation .
Howard Zinn onstage at the 2009 Campaign to End the Death Penalty convention ( Eric Ruder | SW )
Over the next several months , Howard and I exchanged e-mails about the upcoming event , set for one of the biggest auditoriums at the University of Chicago .
He was patient , kind and agreeable to any suggestions .
I worried that he was doing too much -- he also agreed to speak earlier in the day to a group of high school students in Naperville .
But you could n't stop Howard from doing too much -- it was just in his make - up .
I'LL ADMIT that I was nervous to meet him after all of our funny , sweet e-mail exchanges .
But his first words to me were " Ah , so this is Marlene , you really do exist ! "
All my nerves dissipated on the spot .
At dinner before the event , I introduced him to Marvin Reeves , who had just been released from prison , and would speak for a few minutes before him .
Howard took Marvin's hand in both of his , looked him in the eye , and told him how wonderful it was that he was free .
During dinner , Howard could n't stop asking questions of the rest of us .
One favorite target was Dave Zirin , who would share the stage with him that night .
I think Howard saw a lot of himself in Dave - - a great sense of humor , sharp as a tack , radical , generous and kind to a fault , and one of the best and funniest speakers around .
What you can do You can order a DVD of Howard Zinn and Dave Zirin 's " Power of the People " event at the 2009 CEDP convention , or a special issue of the New Abolitionist newsletter with excerpts from their conversation at the Campaign to End the Death Penalty Web site .
When we headed to Mandel Hall on the UC campus , I had a pang of worry about what the room would look like , but that quickly subsided when we walked in and saw the entire hall packed with people .
Howard and Dave were brilliant that night .
Dave took Howard through a whole range of questions , from criminal justice issues , to war , to socialism , to why you should be active .
He said so many powerful things that night -- and the audience was right there with him , interrupting with applause and laugher , again and again .
We were fortunate enough to capture the whole event on DVD .
Before Howard spoke , we heard from four people from the Campaign -- Marvin , a former police torture victim who served 21 years of a life sentence before he was exonerated and released last summer ; Martina Correia , the sister of Troy Davis , who is on death row in Georgia ; Sandra Reed , the mother of Texas death row prisoner Rodney Reed ; and former New York death row prisoner Lawrence Hayes , who shared the podium with Howard 13 years before when they spoke at a Boston event that helped launch the Campaign .
After the event , Dave and I walked Howard to his room on campus .
I tried to shove a small stipend check into his hands , and he pushed it back , " I wo n't take money from a group like yours . "
We said goodbye , and he talked about how the work we were doing was so important .
The next day , at our convention , people stood a little taller , and felt a little more committed about our struggle , and that if we keep on , we will win justice -- Howard Zinn said so !
I spoke with Marvin this week to let him know about Howard 's death .
" Howard Zinn showed me that people know about the justice system , and they care about this issue , " he told me .
" For me , to be on the stage with him that night was the highlight of my life .
Because I 've never been nowhere -- never done anything .
But that particular night , sharing the stage with him , I felt like a celebrity .
I felt like that because I was with a wonderful man . "
I called Martina Correia , she expressed the same feelings .
" It was a once - in - a - lifetime experience , " she said .
" He embraced me without any judgment .
You know , when you 're a family member of someone on death row , you can be treated differently .
But when he looked at me and talked with me , it was like everything I had to say was of importance .
He was like an angel , and full of grace .
" He wanted people to understand that we all had a place in this world -- that we all had a voice , we just needed to learn how to use it . "
AFTER THE convention , I had written to Howard to let him know what an inspiration he was :
You made a group of people who feel so tiny , so unnoticed , so passed - over , feel like heroes for a few precious minutes .
And for that , I can never thank you enough .
Sandra Reed , Rodney 's mother , said to me that she felt so honored to have met you .
She works as a janitor at a high school .
Meeting you and sharing the stage with you for a few short moments made her feel like a somebody ...
You brought a small group of folks a whole lot of pride , a whole lot of inspiration , and a whole lot of feeling like " Yeah , we are somebodies , and we can do a whole lot of somethings . "
I know that Howard meant the same thing to many more people than just us in the Campaign .
To have someone like him speaking out and fighting alongside us made us prouder and more determined .
Howard wrote back a message that the Campaign will carry with us from now on .
Whenever we are doubtful , or feeling discouraged or beaten down , we 'll be able to turn to it as a source of encouragement -- to dust ourselves off , get back up and keep at it .
He wrote :
It was an enormously moving experience , full of emotion and comradely love .
It was not an ordinary political meeting , because it was suffused with passion , undoubtedly because we were in the presence of people who had suffered so much but now were here free , triumphant and part of the movement that helped them to freedom .
You are all nurturing a profoundly important movement for human freedom .
Thank you Howard !
Gender Affects Response to Teacher - Student Sex
— File Photo by V. Richard Haro / Fort Collins Coloradoan /AP
Girls often ostracized for bringing down educators , while boys seen as ‘ lucky ’ .
A 17 - year - old girl in upstate New York is forced into sex by a male teacher .
Instead of sympathy , the student gets harassed for causing trouble for a popular teacher , threatened , and pushed around by other girls .
Just six weeks before graduation , she quits school .
A 17 - year - old boy in Colorado is seduced by his attractive female teacher .
A neighbor tells the teenager ’s mom it was a sexual conquest like “ climbing Mount Everest . ”
He has to hide from the crush of media attention .
They are crimes and abuses , but often they ’re treated as entertainment .
Girls are pressed into the role of seducer or naive victim .
Boys are seen as studs .
Sexual misconduct by teachers is remarkably common in American schools , a new Associated Press investigation shows .
But how Americans react to it is deeply split depending on the victim ’s gender .
“ Hollywood , they think it ’s such a hot thing when a guy gets laid at a young age .
I tell you , it ’s not a hot thing , ” says Jeff Pickthorn , who speaks from experience .
He was 12 when he began having sex with his 7th grade teacher , who was 24 .
“ They say that guy ’s lucky .
I say , no , he ’s not lucky at all . ”
At the time , Mr. Pickthorn might have agreed with them .
For several months , he had sex with his teacher , until his parents found out and the teacher was pressured to resign .
It left him “ with no boundaries , ” he says now at 54 , his life marred by affairs , gambling , and ruined marriages .
Media Fascination
The AP ’s survey of five years of state disciplinary actions against teachers found 2,570 educators were punished for sexual misconduct .
In the cases where the victim ’s gender was clear , the large proportion were female .
Almost nine out of 10 of the offenders were male .
But the boys who are drawn into sexual relationships with their female teachers get an overwhelming amount of attention , especially when the woman is attractive .
They ’re the subject of heavy news coverage , jokes from late - night TV comics , Web sites with photos , videos , and more .
What ’s more likely to be described as rape or sexual abuse when the victim is female turns into a “ tryst ” or a “ sexual liaison ” when the perpetrator is female and the victim is male .
“ Prosecutors try hard not to treat these cases differently and not to apply any kind of double standard .
But there are some very real double standards in society that affect how these cases will be accepted by jurors and judges , ” says Michael Sinacore , an assistant state attorney in Tampa , Fla .
He prosecuted Debra Lafave , a former Florida middle school teacher who admitted to having sex with a 14 - year - old male student .
Public attention paid to the 25 - year - old blond newlywed quickly went “ off the charts , ” Mr. Sinacore says , after photos surfaced on the Internet of her on a motorcycle in a bikini .
“ There ’s something wrong with making a celebrity out of someone accused of a sex crime , ” he said .
Ultimately , the victim ’s family sought to avoid a trial because of all the media attention .
Ms. Lafave pleaded guilty to lewd and lascivious battery and got house arrest and probation .
The earlier case of Mary Kay Letourneau mesmerized tabloids and television .
A married mother of four , she had two children by a student .
She went to prison but later married the student , by then 21 , after she got out .
Colorado high school teacher Carrie McCandless got 45 days behind bars for unlawful sexual contact with a 17 - year - old male student .
Not knowing the victim was her son , a friend remarked to the teenager ’s mother that having sex with Ms. McCandless would be like “ climbing Mount Everest ” for any boy .
In contrast , the case of teacher Kevin Poppleton in upstate New York got almost no media attention .
His 17 - year - old victim , identified as Amanda C. in state records , said Mr. Poppleton threatened to kill her if she talked and “ other girls would scream and yell at her and push her around the locker room . ”
His license was revoked .
Research on Attitudes
Students are traumatized by abuse cases , communities shaken .
Yet the public imagination seizes on the idea .
Look at the way pop culture presents teacher - student sex with a wink and a nod : the 1984 Van Halen song “ Hot for Teacher ” ; the 1998 trash - noir movie “ Wild Things ” about a male high school teacher with two manipulative female students ; this year ’s hit cable - TV show “ Entourage , ” in which one of the male characters brags about having sex with a high school teacher .
— File Photo by Chris O’Meara / AP
The roots run deep , at least to the medieval tale of Abelard and Heloise , a scholar who fathers a child with his beloved student .
Approving attitudes can even be found in the courts .
“ It ’s just something between two people that clicked beyond the teacher - student relationship , ” a New Jersey judge said as he dismissed prison time for a teacher who admitted having sex with a 13 - year - old student .
“ I really do n’t see the harm that was done , and certainly society does n’t need to be worried . ”
Judge Bruce A. Gaeta was later reprimanded , but at least one academic report found that his view is common .
A 2004 University of Buffalo study gauged perceptions of teacher - student sex .
It found that a female teacher with a male student was most often seen as a “ normal part of growing up , ” and respondents were less likely to conclude that the teacher should lose her license .
But male respondents , in marked contrast to women , were more likely to see positive aspects in those relationships and less likely to see long - term damage .
Psychologists who treat boys say they suffer doubly : from the abuse itself , and from the view that they were lucky .
“ A boy is likely , with a female teacher , to claim that it was n’t a problem , it was n’t molestation , it was n’t abuse , he was n’t hurt by it , ” says Richard Gartner , a New York psychologist and the author of the 2005 book Beyond Betrayal : Taking Charge of Your Life After Boyhood Sexual Abuse .
Recognition of the damage does n’t usually occur until the man is in his 30s , 40s , or later , he said .
Read more about this series , " A Lingering Shame : Sexual Abuse of Students by School Employees . "
The collection includes a new Associated Press series on the issue , as well as special Education Week coverage .
That damage varies widely , depending on the victim ’s age , the abuse itself , and the sexual orientation of the boy and of the abuser , Mr. Gartner says .
Victims often report addictive behavior and compulsive disorders , from gambling to sex to substance abuse , he says .
Boy or girl , victims often end up with relationships framed in terms of power and control , not affection .
But boys ’ pain is overlooked .
“ In our society , we ’re socialized to think that men are n’t victims , that that ’s the province of women , ” Mr. Gartner says .
“ To say that you are a victim and particularly a sexual victim , for many boys and men , is to say that you ’re not entirely a man . ”
Vol. 27 , Issue 09 , Pages 17-18
Published in Print : October 22 , 2007 , as Gender Affects Response to Teacher - Student Sex
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Back to Top
[ Rbz ] fixed his friend ’s Red Ring of Death stricken Xbox 360 by improving the GPU cooling .
Because an overheating GPU is a common cause of the failure , he first tried to replace the thermal compound for better heat conductivity between the chip and the heat sink .
This helped a bit but within two hours the problem was back .
Troubled by the heat discoloration on the bottom of the DVD drive , he removed it and screwed a cooling fan to the GPU heat sink .
That did the trick , so he moved the drive to the outside of the case with the aid of a longer SATA cable .
It ’s not pretty , but it worked .
THE stock market has changed considerably since early 2000 , when the Standard & Poor ’s 500 - stock index traded at a record high valuation .
Today , stocks are only about half as expensive , based on their price - to - earnings ratios .
And they ’ve become a bit cheaper lately : the S.& P. 500 has fallen by more than 7 percent since Jan. 19 .
Yet in at least one important respect , there may be a significant parallel to the situation at the height of the tech bubble .
Many market watchers say the late - January sell - off this year could be a sign that the market is again “ priced for perfection , ” said David C. Wright , managing director of Sierra Investment Management in Santa Monica , Calif .
“ Investors have already priced in everything we can hope for in terms of an economic and profit recovery , ” he said .
Stocks rallied 65 percent from March 9 to Dec. 31 last year , and it may be unrealistic to expect that kind of advance now .
“ Investors are expecting another Goldilocks scenario , ” he said , adding that economically disappointing news is now likely to drive the markets lower in the coming months .
One thing that got lost in the commotion of the extensions launch is a feature that is near and dear to my heart : Google Chrome 4 now natively supports Greasemonkey user scripts .
Greasemonkey is a Firefox extension I wrote in 2004 that allows developers to customize web pages using simple JavaScript and it was the inspiration for some important parts of our extension system .
Ever since the beginning of the Chromium project , friends and coworkers have been asking me to add support for user scripts in Google Chrome .
I 'm happy to report that as of the last Google Chrome release , you can install any user script with a single click .
So , now you can use emoticons on blogger .
Or , you can browse Google Image Search with a fancy lightbox .
In fact , there 's over 40,000 scripts on userscripts.org alone .
Installation is quick and easy , just like installing an extension .
That 's because under the covers , the user script is actually converted into an extension .
This means that management tasks like disabling and uninstalling work just like they do with extensions .
Note that user scripts are powerful software and have full access to your private data on any web site .
So , for example , they could read all your web mail or access your online bank .
Be sure to read the comments on any user scripts in order to decide whether you trust the author with this power .
Also keep in mind that some user scripts wo n't work in Google Chrome yet , because of differences between it and Firefox .
Based on some analysis that the current maintainers of Greasemonkey did , I expect between 15 % - 25 % of scripts to not work in Google Chrome .
If you find such a script , you should consider letting the author know .
There may be something he or she can do to easily fix the problem .
In the meantime , we 'll keep working on bugs on our side to bring our implementation closer to Greasemonkey .
Have fun trying out the thousands of available scripts .
And do n't worry -
If you get bored , there 's lots more extensions at Google Chrome 's extension gallery
Posted by Aaron Boodman , Software Engineer
Most Americans now know that Wall Street bankers are so greedy as to never be trusted , and I suppose it is a sign of progress that our president now seems to grasp the obvious .
How depressing , though , that a man who was elected as a consequence of one of the boldest grass - roots populist campaigns in this nation ’s history should now feel obligated to offer the disclaimer that “ I did not run for office to be helping out a bunch of fat cat bankers on Wall Street . ”
But whatever his intentions , Barack Obama has in fact accomplished just that , to the immense anger of the public that elected him .
Thus , it is understandable that , in his “ 60 Minutes ” interview last Sunday , Obama lashed out at the ingrate bankers whose greed he had served but who have failed to seriously increase lending or forestall foreclosures and instead shamelessly pocketed the cash the government threw their way :
“ They ’re still puzzled why is it that people are mad at the banks .
Well , let ’s see , ” he said .
“ You guys are drawing down $ 10 [ million ] , $ 20 million bonuses after America went through the worst economic year that it ’s gone through in — in decades , and you guys caused the problem .
And we ’ve got 10 percent unemployment . ”
But what did the president expect from those guys after he and his Republican predecessor were so quick to reward them so handsomely for their failures ?
In a reversal of the guiding principles of the meritocracy that informed Obama ’s own success story , the president promoted , rather than flunked , the people who got it all wrong .
One of those was Larry Summers , who as Bill Clinton ’s treasury secretary pushed through the radical deregulation that enabled disastrous Wall Street greed .
But although Summers pocketed a cool $ 15 million from Wall Street in 2008 as he was advising Obama the candidate , he seems at last to have gained some awareness that the rules of the game he helped write now need to be changed .
Speaking of the very bankers who once so handsomely paid him for his services , Summers , now Obama ’s top economic adviser , told CNN : “ Here is what I think they do n’t get . …
It was their irresponsible risk - taking in many cases that brought the economy to collapse . ”
Summers is upset that the banking bandits he once so slavishly adored are now opposing even the tepid legislative reforms that the administration supports .
The banking lobby is in full - frontal assault mode on efforts of Senate Democrats , led by Chris Dodd , to establish a single bank regulator who might actually bring the industry to heel .
The largest of the banks — the very ones that led the charge into the financial abyss — are fiercely lobbying against the very sensible and all - too - limited proposals that would increase their capital requirements and empower the government to prevent them from growing to unmanageable proportions once again .
They are even more incensed about attempts to regulate the rewards that bankers reap from risking the capital of their depositors and the taxpayers who ultimately foot the bill .
However , Obama ’s stern rhetoric apparently did not move the top banking honchos who failed to show up for this week ’s White House meeting with the president .
The heads of Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley waited until the morning of the Monday meeting to catch a plane and then claimed that fog prevented their journey .
Citigroup Chief Executive Vikram S. Pandit could n’t make the meeting with the president who had saved his corporation from bankruptcy because he was too busy lining up new private financing to allow Citigroup to escape the bonus confines and other limits stipulated by the government bailout program .
No bank bears greater responsibility for the economic debacle that has caused such worldwide suffering than Citigroup , whose immense growth was made possible by legislation that Summers and his then - mentor , Clinton Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin , successfully promoted in the late 1990s .
Rubin was rewarded for his efforts with a top job at Citigroup , which was formed from one of the largest mergers in history and which paid him $ 120 million before its fortunes plummeted .
The bank is by no means out of the swamp of its own creation , as it still holds a huge portfolio of toxic assets , is still sustained by substantial public assistance and was trading Tuesday at less than $ 4 a share — a tiny fraction of its value before Rubin led it astray .
It was Rubin , as an Obama adviser , who pushed for Pandit ’s selection as head of Citigroup .
Perhaps Obama could enlist Rubin ’s aid in getting Pandit to accept the president ’s invitations to the White House .
But of course there is no expectation of getting Rubin and Pandit to pay back the bankrupted homeowners they swindled .
Good Morning [ KentuckyKat ] ,
It 's been a busy week .
I would like to thank you and all the people who have donated funds to help with propane for the people living on The Rosebud .
As of 730 pm last nite 14 people have donated 1824.00 !
THANK YOU !
I am delivering $ 150.00 in propane to the families that are in need of help .
The propane that I have delivered thus far was greatly appreciated by the families .
When they asked " who is this from ? "
I tell them , " A group of donors who want to help the people on the Rosebud , ask Linda / Carter camp .
They have more information . "
This is all I tell them because I really do n't know what else to say .
I have the recipient sign the lpg ticket , because if they got they help then they really needed it .
It is SFEC 's company policy that if your lpg tank is less than 5 % , then someone needs to be home so that I can see a pilot lite .
I do have a list of names of people who have donated .
And , I also have a list of the people that have received the propane .
If you have any questions about anything please feel free to call me .
If I can't be reached at ( 605)747-2542 then here is my cell # ( 605)208-8888 .
Again Thank You All Very Much Sherry
St. Francis Energy Company
Hi [ KentuckyKat ] ,
I would really appreciate if you would share with the group .
It would be the easiest way for me to say Thank You all , you all are a wounderful group of people .
I will keep you informed of whatever it is you may want to know about the Rosebud Sioux Tribe and the people 's needs / events .... I would like to talk more with you ... oh yeah , I have your call back number .
Let me know when you have some free time , and have some questions for me to answer .
Thanks ,
Sherry ps weather update : I told a gentleman that we were in for an arctic blast on thursday , turns out the arctic blast will be here by monday .
I am still trying to figure out the code to repost all of the info that we have collected in the past diaries ... but for now , please go here for information on donations and how to contact politicians and the media to raise awareness of this emergency .
UPDATE I : Here is info on the propane companies .
From what I am told by those on the ground , this is what will do the most immediate good .
St. Francis Energy Co. 605-747-2542 ...
St.
Francis will take any payment over $ 5 , a full order of propane is $ 150 .
If you call St. Francis , ask for Sherry or Patsy ... they are the only two who can process this type of payment .
Lakota Plains Propane Company
Pine Ridge S.D 57770
1-605-867-5199
Takes major credit cards and debit
Minimum ordering $ 120 for one weeks worth of propane 1 .
Call the company tell you want to donate to a Lakota family for heat .
Tell them that you would like to donate to one of the names on the LIST .
UPDATE II : Navajo was kind enough to share her code ...
Rosebud Reservation UPDATE FROM Kossack CARTER CAMP !
Donations here help homes get their power turned back on since Feb. 2nd was cutoff day !
I spoke with a local company owner who agreed to take credit cards for propane delivery .
She 's also a local resident and one of the only native owned propane companies .
St. Francis Energy Co. 605-747-2542 .
Patsy Valandra said she and her daughter Sherry will be answering the phone and she 'll be working with community leaders to identify families in need and particularly those who need help but are ineligible for LIHEAP .
by cacamp on Wed Feb 03 , 2010 at 07:28:20 AM
PST From KentuckyKat and boadicea : I am trying to see if LIHEAP can set up a paypal account that we can use to donate .
We will continue to use Cherry Todd Electric of Mission , South Dakota ( 605) 856-4416
Tell them to direct your donation to LIHEAP .
Ask for Samantha .
URGENT !
Yesterday was disconnection day , some families had their power cut your donation today will help a family get their power turned back on .
Credit Cards ok .
Country Pride also does not want to participate .
Lacreek Electric will not be participating in the donation program .
If you can only donate by check which will be used for future propane deliveries and other necessities send a ck to : LIHEAP , attn Eileen .
P.O. Box 430
Rosebud , SD 57570 Cks payable to : Rosebud Sioux Tribe LIHEAP
From SarahLee : Monetary Donations : Rosebud Sioux Tribe President 's Office
P.O. Box 430
Rosebud , SD 57570 Monetary donations ( checks only right now ) can be made to help the various emergency programs - from social services to energy to the emergency preparedness program , which may be providing extra food or plowing roads to diabetics and those needing dialysis , etc .
Monetary donations can include a note specifying how you would like the funds used .
The tribal chairman 's office also accepts clothing donations .
Clothing is passed out to those who come into the offices in need or through the tribal social services office .
Clothing : White Buffalo Calf Woman Society , Inc
291 N. Main
P.O. Box 227
Mission , SD 57555
605-856-2317
Paypal link at our outdated website : www.wbcws.org
Pine Ridge Reservation Power : Lakota Plains Propane Company
Pine Ridge S.D 57770
1-605-867-5199
Takes major credit cards and debit
Minimum ordering $ 120 for one weeks worth of propane 1 .
Call the company tell you want to donate to a Lakota family for heat .
Tell them that you would like to donate to one of the names on the LIST .
Call Lacreek Electric Company at 800-655-9324 or 605-685-6581
You need to have a name of a needy family when you call .
Please email KentuckyKat , she has the list of names from Autumn and you can be matched with a family .
Food :
There are three different food stores that will accept credit cards by phone .
To help a family in need of food , call Autumn directly at 605-407- 8487 , and she will match you with a family and let you know which food store to call to put money on account in their name .
Clothing Donation : ( Clothing must be clean or it will be thrown away ! )
Lakota Oyate Wakanyeja Owicakiyape
East Highway 18
IHS Compound , Box 604
Pine Ridge , SD 57770 .
See changingwinds.org for addresses of other agencies participating in the Winter Warmth Drive for the people of Pine Ridge .
Special thanks to Autumn Two Bulls who has been our contact from Pine Ridge .
Autumn is completely a first responder volunteer , she is not getting paid nor profiting from this effort .
She knows her people well and has driven all over this vast reservation which is half the size of Connecticut to check on families in need and collect their names for the power companies .
She is currently working on plans to bring solar energy to the Pine Ridge Reservation , and also the construction this summer of an entirely green homeless shelter -- projects that , when completed , will serve as a model for other reservations .
Umbrella Groups
You can double your donation and use a credit card .
The ( Archibald & Edyth ) Bush Foundation is matching gifts to relieve suffering on SD Indian reservations following an ice storm that will leave many without heat , electricity and food for weeks .
The Foundation will give up to $ 25,000 in 1 for 1 matching dollars .
The Minneapolis based foundation announced today that it will match gifts to Native Americans in Philanthropy which has created a special fund to assist the Cheyenne River Tribe of the Lakota Nation .
( You can donate here thru Native Americans in Philanthropy Progress : $ 3,766 ( Jan. 31st )
$ 7,866 ( Feb. 1st at noon PST before this diary ) four hours later $ 8,781
$ 11,200 ( Feb. 2nd AM )
$ 13,040 ( Feb. 4th 10:58 AM PST )
$ 15,330 ( Feb. 4th 2:38 PM PST )
$ 16,745 ( Feb. 5th 11:12 AM PST ) raised to date ) by Alice Olson on Fri Jan 29 , 2010 at 05:54:39 PM PST UPDATE FEB .
3rd 2:00 PM
PST :
The Bush Foundation has added another $ 25,000 in matching funds thru the South Dakota Community Foundation
As of this posting Feb.3rd at 2:00 PM PST they have $ 665 raised .
Spread the word and let 's see another DKos bump .
Progress : $ 665 Feb. 3rd
$ 985 Feb . 4th 11:00 AM PST
$ 1,135 Feb . 4th 2:40 PM PST
$ 1,224 Feb. 5th 11:12 AM PST raised to date The Native American Heritage Association ( NAHA ) ( NAHA ) is a very reputable organization with a 4 star rating from Charity Navigator , so if you 're looking for a way that you can donate online , and want to be sure your donation is going to a legitimate charity , this would be the organization to send your donation to .
NAHA provides food , clothing , heating assistance , etc. , to the people on several South Dakota reservations .
Government Officials To Contact
Legislator Info gathered by KentuckyKat : Sen. Tim Johnson
Democrat
E-mail : tim@johnson.senate.gov
SH - 136 Hart Senate Office Building
Washington , DC 20510-4104
( 202 ) 224-5842
( 202 ) 228-5765 Fax Senator John Thune
383 Russell
Washington , DC 20510
( 202 ) 224-2321
Fax :( 202 ) 228-5429 Rep. Stephanie Herseth - Sandlin
Democrat
U.S. House of Representatives
WWW Home Page : http://hersethsandlin.house.gov/
1504 Longworth HOB
Washington , DC 20515
phone : 202-225-2801
fax : 202-225-5823 Contact Governor Rounds
Office of the Governor
500 E. Capitol Ave .
Pierre , SD 57501
605.773.3212 email link here ***********************************************
Senate Committee on Indian Affairs http://indian.senate.gov/...
Democrats only Byron Dorgan , Chair , ND
1-800-666-4482 only in ND
Contact Form :
http://dorgan.senate.gov/...
Kent Conrad ND
1-800-223-4457 only in ND
Contact Form :
http://conrad.senate.gov.contact
Tim Johnson SD
1-800-537-0025 only in SD
Contact form :
http://johnson.senate.gov.contact
Maria Cantwell WA
1-866-648-7328 only in WA
Contact form :
http://cantwell.senate.gov.contact
Jon Tester MT
Contact Form :
http://tester.senate.gov.contact
Tom Udall NM
Contact Form :
http://udall.senate.gov.contact
Al Franken MN
Contact Form :
http://franken.senate.gov.contact
( H/T CuriousBoston ) ***********************************************
White House info ( H/T DeepHarm )
To send an email message , go here .
To telephone or FAX : Comments : 202-456-1111
Switchboard : 202-456-1414
FAX : 202-456-2461
To use TTY / TDD : TTY / TDD :
Comments : 202-456-6213
Visitors Office : 202-456-2121
To send traditional mail : The White House
1600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW
Washington , DC 20500
( Please include your e-mail address )
More : The Native American Advocacy Program ( NAAP )
Not so much for emergencies , but they help our tribal members with disabilities .
302 East 2nd Street
P.O. Box 527
Winner , South Dakota 57580-0527
Phone : ( 605 ) 842-3977 ==========================
National : Native American Rights Fund
" Our Mission : preservation of tribal existence , protection of tribal natural resources , promotion of Native American human rights , accountability of governments to Native Americans , development of Indian law and educating the public about Indian rights , laws , and issues . "
http://www.narf.org
E- Mail : pereira@narf.org
1712 N St. NW
Washington , DC 20036
Phone : 202-785-4166
Fax : 202-822-0068
From Winter Rabbit 's kickass diary .
See also Ojibwa 's diaries on our history .
If you have 1 hr. 20 min. there is a excellent PBS doc about Wounded Knee on the Pine Ridge reservation , We Shall Remain , Wounded Knee , Episode 5 . ( H / T exmearden )
It features Kossack Carter Camp throughout and gives an important history lesson about his people , AIM and the struggle that continues today to retain the culture .
( Our own Meteor Blades spent 51 of the 71 days of occupation inside with Carter Camp and the rest of AIM . )
Many , many thanks to Kentucky Kat for helping me put this together and to all the others in the comments helping us research .
Remember it is URGENT to get financial help to these tribes , please help .
Please leave us a comment if you were able to donate .
SEATTLE , Feb. 18 ( UPI ) -- Seattle Parks Superintendent Timothy Gallagher said he has approved a ban on smoking and the use of all tobacco products inside the city 's parks .
The Seattle Times said Thursday Gallagher announced the ban in a memo Wednesday , saying his decision to ban tobacco products like cigarettes starting April 1 was a health issue .
Advertisement
" The negative health effects of tobacco are well documented , " Gallagher said .
" As an agency that has a fundamental mission to support the health and well - being of Seattle residents , it is appropriate and beneficial to prohibit the use of tobacco products at parks and park facilities . "
SeattlePI.com said individuals violating the ban for the first time could be banned from Seattle parks for a day or simply face warnings .
The new code of conduct featuring the tobacco ban also details the punishments for more serious violations committed in Seattle parks .
Individuals found committing assault or selling drugs inside the city 's parks could be banned from the park system for as long as a year , Seattle PI.com said .
Alien Breed is a game that some remember with great enthusiasm , while others respond with blank stares when the title is brought up .
A hit on the Amiga , the top - down title was a little bit Gauntlet , a little bit Doom , and a little bit Aliens .
The update is out now on the Xbox Live Arcade for 800 points ( $ 10 ) , and it 's coming to both the PC and the PlayStation Network in 2010 .
Without having played the original — I received a gentle mocking for that shortcoming by Team 17 itself at an early GDC where I was able to play an early version of the game — this is one I 'm going to have to judge on its own merits .
Title Alien Breed Evolution Developer Team 17 Publisher Team 17 Price 800 points , or $ 10 Shop.ars Platform Xbox 360 ( reviewed ) , PlayStation 3 , PC ( Upcoming )
The top - down graphics , powered by the Unreal Engine 3 , are solid and detailed .
You can spin your view around using the left and right bumpers when playing by yourself , and that 's a big help when trying to find passage ways and doors that might have been obscured in the standard view .
That power is taken away when playing in co-op , however , as both players need to stay on the same screen .
The story is told via comic book panels between each of the five chapters , although all you need to know is one analog stick moves your character , and the other aims your weapon .
You shoot all the aliens until they stop moving .
You search lockers and bodies , and you use computer terminals to move the game forward .
It really is that simple , and you 're going to have a good time unless you expect a step forward in the run- and - gun , dual - analog shooter genre .
This is a genre game for those who think grabbing a flamethrower is a very exciting thing .
By the way , grabbing the flamethrower is a very exciting thing .
My only complaint is the constant search mechanic that slows down gameplay .
Instead of instantly knowing what 's on a dead body , you have to hold down the interact button for a few seconds before being told if there 's anything of worth to pick up .
The same with lockers .
It slows down the flow of the game unnecessarily , and while it adds tension to the experience , it seems to be pulling the game in a direction that 's rarely explored .
Each chapter is filled with baddies , but you 'll also be looking around the levels for ways to fix every mechanical thing you find , since everything is broken , keeping you from moving forward .
As a co-op game , this is a good time with solid graphics , familiar mechanics , and the name of a cult favorite for added buzz .
Jack up the difficulty to Elite if you 're in the mood for a more measured and frightening gameplay experience .
There may not be many surprises here , but killing everything that moves during an online co-op game remains a good way to kill an afternoon .
Verdict : Buy
Here is an interview that I did in early February 2010 .
Many entities , from the White House to various mortgage banking leaders to self - professed pundits , are trying to put a shame element to borrowers who find themselves with acute negative equity in their homes .
Is it possible to successfully shame these people into staying in their mortgage loans and not walk away from their homes ?
DeCoster : Federal officials like former Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson , along with powerful special interests that profit from central planning policies , have an interest in keeping people hogtied to the sinking housing market .
They are trying to depict struggling Americans as irresponsible scoundrels who are recklessly walking away from their commitments .
In fact , the multi-millionaire Hank Paulson , who was one of the architects of the Wall Street bailout , told the Wall Street Journal that borrowers have a responsibility to keep paying .
That ’s a pretty broad statement to make that : 1 ) ignores the default option on the typical mortgage contract , and 2 ) disregards each homeowner ’s unique options and financial situation .
Obamanomics : How Barac ...
Carney , Timothy P. Best Price : $ 3.00 Buy New $ 6.50 ( as of 04:50 EST - Details )
The broad statement was intentional .
The overall scheme calls for treating each individual debtor as one piece of a collective pool of citizens who shall be enslaved by the collapsing economy .
The people who insisted , for years , that there was no housing bubble , no debt dilemma , and no recession on the horizon are the same people who are now telling us that everything is fixed , the recession is over , and therefore we should go back to our old habits — buy more stuff we do n’t need , take out more loans , and buy houses and cars .
The government has subsidized the purchase of both cars and houses , in spite of the fact that an abundance of Americans are still saddled with debt and holding underwater mortgages .
Lies the Government To ... Andrew P. Napolitano Best Price : $ 0.25 Buy New $ 4.46 ( as of 12:15 EST - Details )
The Obama administration , in its massive campaign to socially engineer America , is pressuring banks into renegotiating mortgage payments in order to keep people captive in their mortgages .
The goal of the elites in power is to keep up the appearance of prosperity and keep folks in debt to the big banks .
Mass defaults will injure Wall Street — Washington D.C ’s favorite constituency .
Additionally , there ’s John Courson , an FOB ( Friend of Banksters ) who runs all over the country trying to spread the moral message to middle - class people who are pawns in this Bankster mess .
Courson is the Chief Executive of the Mortgage Banker ’s Association , so whose interests do you think he is representing ?
Courson advising homeowners on their moral and financial strategies is like a crocodile telling the neighborhood children they should take a shortcut home through the swamp .
These so - called leaders ,  unfortunately , have the necessary wealth , political power , and media access that enable them to introduce their disingenuous platform and influence the masses .
For those who are n’t empowered by the political establishment , there ’s no equal opportunity for commanding the public stage .
The schemers know they do n’t have to deal with a level playing field , so yes , it is possible to shame people into debt subservience .
In fact , the masses are already succumbing to the morality message .
The elites do n’t give a damn about the plight of average people who have little to no financial knowledge , feel trapped , and have nowhere to turn .
That ’s why those folks need to reach out to a local CPA or other financial advisor they can trust .
Furthermore , they need to tune out the moralizing that flows from the fat cats and special interests that get wealthy by keeping them equity deficient .
Meltdown : A Free - Marke ...
Thomas E. Woods Best Price : $ 0.25 Buy New $ 20.00 ( as of 02:20 EST - Details )
Why is it that strategic defaulting at a corporate level is not actively challenged , but it is being challenged at a consumer level ?
DeCoster :
The notion of approving business defaults while flogging one ’s neighbor for walking away from his mortgage is entirely irrational .
One snag is that the general masses have no understanding of financial matters .
No matter how educated  they may be in the college sense , they are financially ignorant and cannot conduct basic analyses of their own financial matters , let alone weigh the costs and benefits of a complicated situation that is unique to another individual .
There are plenty of talented and smart people who do n’t have the skills to sort out budgets , expenses , debt , and investments .
That is not a criticism — it is just a fact .
Deception and Abuse at ... Robert D. Auerbach Best Price : $ 4.09 Buy New $ 20.95 ( as of 10:30 EST - Details )
The condemnation of homeowner defaults is brought on by a knee - jerk , emotive response .
People feel — they do n’t think .
You can thank public schools for teaching self - esteem and groupthink as opposed to business and analytical / critical thinking skills .
The public schools are churning out a nation of drones , or trained monkeys , as I like to say it .
Welcome to the Oprahized nation where logic and reason are abandoned in favor of emotionalizing hot - button issues for the purpose of feeling better . 
Challenging other people on this issue , when you know nothing about their state of affairs , is something that is fired off from the gut level .
The morality element is a great focal point for drawing out emotional energy .
Focusing on other peoples ’ behavior that you deem evil , while you avoid the objective aspects of the issue , is pathetic .
An individual ’s financial options can be objectively assessed and the most favorable course of action can generally be determined .
Businesses entrepreneurs and managers are constatntly analyzing and estimating various strategies , and that is how businesses become enduring and profitable .
Individuals and households are no different in terms of planning best course scenarios and minimizing waste and losses .
Except individuals and households suffer personally and emotionally by bearing an unfavorable financial condition .
For that reason , they must take actions to alleviate uncertainty and keep their financial house in order .
Read the rest of the article
The Best of Karen De Coster
Photo by Kris Krug
Amber Case is a cyborg anthropologist and the co-founder and co-organizer of Cyborg Camp .
You can find out more about her and her work in our dossier on her .
Klint Finley : Please tell us what you mean by “ cyborg anthropology ” and explain what it is that you do on a day - to - day basis .
Amber Case : Cyborg anthropology is the study of human and non-human interaction , especially tools and networks that are formed by networks of human and non human objects .
My work relates to tracing the history of tool use and how it has affected culture over time .
For instance , one can look at a hammer and notice that over the last 300 years the design and function of the hammer has not changed very much .
The shape and form and function are still similar but when one looks at the first computers , which were large machines running on vacuum tubes , and computers now — one sees that the computer ’s overall look and function and shape and size has drastically changed .
So then one must look at the idea of the hammer or knife .
An animal must evolve a better tooth , or sharp edge in which to capture and kill prey .
If a tooth breaks , or is not sharp enough , or the animal is not fast enough , that animal dies and cannot reproduce .
But the human has externalized the evolution by making a tool outside of their mouths .
The knife is an extension of the tooth that can be thrown .
The speed and excellence of the knife depends on the worker or the person who has power enough to have a worker who can create that tool .
Once we externalized objects and processes , we externalized evolution .
But the computer is different .
Tool use has been physical for most of human evolution .
Now we see computers as an interface not to the physical self , but to the mental self .
The mental self is an internal space , which is unseen , and a lot of what we see on a computer is unseen unless we look at it through an interface or portal .
So what I do in cyborg anthropology is consider how people upload their bodies into hyperspace , and how humanness is produced through machines and machines through humanness .
I also consider online presence , cell phones and the technosocial self .
Photo by Andrew Hyde
What methodology do you employ ?
What is a day in the life of a cyborg anthropologist like ?
My methodology is mainly qualitative analysis , ethnography and participant observation .
What I mean by that is that I use the anthropological method of ethnography to collect observations through participating in groups of people involved in tool use or digital networks and see how they work , play , communicate , and what their values are .
Part of my work is letting people know that they ’ve always been part human and part machine .
Donna Haraway talked about everyone being a low tech cyborg .
That for some part of every day people are connected to a machine .
In my recent study of Facebook , I ’ve combed through user stories and behavior and placed people into general groups of interaction .
I ’ve also studied how the interface – or the participation architecture of the site influences how people act as people begin to move online – and live out a great deal of their lives there , the shape of an interface really affects how people move so a lot of my day is spent combing through the internet looking at that sort of behavior and jotting it down into a digital field journal of sorts .
The other part is looking for new developments .
Things that break the norms .
Those are harbingers of new trends and systemic shifts .
What are some of your most interesting recent findings ?
Some of my favorite things have been mistakes .
For instance , when a middle aged woman thinks that she ’s sending a private message to someone she ’s been seeing , and in reality she posted on her wall for everyone to see .
Yahoo Answers are amazing .
It ’s where a lot of very young kids ask each other ridiculous questions – and young kids answer back .
Also , looking at people ’s signatures .
Not their handwritten ones , but their digital ones .
How they compose sentences and where they use capitalization .
How they respond to things , etc .
It really tells a lot about who they are .
The other thing I like to discover is digital artifacts .
There are some digital archeologists and historians who try to keep data alive and in circulation .
When one considers it , and Stewart Brand has mentioned this quite a bit … data is very fragile .
When one considers the pyramids and symbols carved into stone , that data is still around today .
It ’s been thousands of years and we still have it vs .
Twitter , where data is regularly dumped and not saved .
One of the problems is that machines do n’t get heavier when we put data into them .
Which seems strange , because information has weight in real life .
Jason Scott is a great data archivist .
he runs textfiles.com .
He saves BBS forums and stuff from the 80s that might have been erased over time .
It ’s funny that you say that .
Sometimes when I delete a lot off stuff from my laptop , I actually feel like my laptop is lighter .
I know it is n’t , but it just seems like it is .
It ’s interesting how you say that - it ’s a sign that your senses are tied to a machine – that your machine has become an external brain of sorts .
The first time my computer crashed I felt I had lost half my brain .
Here is a conversation I had with @strangeways about weight .
@caseorganic :
My old computer is being reformatted .
I can feel the files being deleted .
It ’s a strange feeling , like re-writing memories .
@strangeways : I think it is completely possible .
I ’ve felt it many times before .
There ’s a transition from physical effects to mental ones .
@strangeways Physical storage came first , then mental storage .
I bet mental phantom neuron syndrome will become more prevalent .
@caseorganic
Sort of feels like amputation , does n’t it ?
I wonder if one can experience phantom limb with a virtual body part .
There was a campaign for Maxtor about data .
It becomes increasingly easy to put data into a system , but the data , once in the system , has an escape velocity like a black hole .
The computer is beginning to liquefy objects around it , like a black hole .
Especially the iPhone – taking physical objects like compasses , games , cameras , notebooks , date books and address books and digitizing them , centralizing them into one device .
What sorts of tools do you find most useful in your work ?
I use Yahoo !
Pipes , Netvibes , search.twitter.com , and TextEdit .
I use a lot of TextEdit .
I copy and paste things in , label them , and then name the file with descriptive words .
That way my computer becomes a search engine for my research .
But the best tool is SKITCH and Flickr .
Skitch can take a screenshot and upload it automatically to my Flickr account .
It ’s my external brain .
So I used Skitch and Flickr symbiotically to take a quick screenshot of whatever I ’m working on .
A random example from Amber ’s Flickr stream
I use Moodle for private notes to myself , and I have some Pbwiki accounts .
But Flickr is really the best .
It allows sources , timestamps , tagging , and searching .
And it allows comments , so my digital journal becomes a living creation .
You do n’t have a Phd or other post - graduate degree , is that correct ?
I do not have a PhD .
And you work in the private sector as a consultant ?
Yes .
Why did you decide to go into the private sector instead of continuing in academia ?
Do you think you will ever go back to academia ?
I went to the private sector first because I just got out of college .
I wrote a thesis on mobile phones and their technosocial sites of interaction .
I got a degree in sociology and anthropology .
I was told to work two years in the “ real world ” before going back to academia , going straight to grad school would leave me at a disadvantage .
First , I would n’t know what the real world needed , and secondly , I would n’t know anything else except for academia .
My favorite conference was MIT ’s futures of entertainment , which I spoke at in November 2008 .
I liked the conference because it was a hybrid event .
It brought together people from industry and academia .
Industry can beneif a lot from academia , but not from 200 page reports .
And academia can benefit a lot from industry , but not from silly marketing statements .
So I wanted both perspectives .
Someone has to be able to translate between the two .
Its useful , else a lot of miscommunication happens and redundancies occur .
What advice would you give to liberal arts majors looking to make a career outside of academia ?
Network .
Network a whole lot .
Do n’t network in a silly way .
Network honestly .
Find people who inspire and invigorate you , who make you work on things harder than ever before .
Create an online presence that is ubiquitous and enjoyable to interface with .
Let it be known who you want to be .
Put that on your business card and on your social profiles .
Be uniform in your focus .
Set goals for who you want to meet .
Become a resource for people .
Connect them .
Have a blog or set of resources that aggregates and disperses useful information in your area of interest .
Attend local conferences .
Speak at events .
Volunteer at conferences .
Speaking is the easiest way to meet everyone in the room .
Volunteering is the easiest way to meet all of the registrants , especially ones you might be too afraid to talk to .
Do n’t be afraid to find the smartest person in the room and ask them how they got there .
Fail daily .
Fail a whole bunch .
Challenge yourself and do n’t worry if you have no supporters .
Be the first one there .
… That sounds like a promotional book , lol .
And speaking of conferences – you were a founder and organizer of CyborgCamp , and the second one is coming up in a few months .
Could you tell us about the impetus of that event ?
The idea behind CyborgCamp was to have a forum for the discussion of the past , present , and future .
The conference was also livestreamed so that it would be accessible to anyone in the world .
It was seen in over 50 countries .
The conference was not really created by me , but by a community that sprang up suddenly on Twitter .
Within 3 hours , CyborgCamp had a website , a wiki , a sponsor , and 9 volunteers .
It was n’t a choice for me .
I knew I had to make the conference , and I strove to make it an invigorating experience .
I found some great speakers , like Ward Cunningham , inventor of the Wiki .
Above : a typical conversation at CyborgCamp .
Photo by Mark Coleman from the CyborgCamp photoset .
The unconference part allowed the attendees to discuss what was really on their minds .
We discussed everything .
From agriculture to technoculture , to insulin pumps , to connectivity and the digital device , to strategy and the future .
It was a cocreated event , and it was amazing to be a part of it .
A number of people in Brasil watched the conference and there will be a
CyborgCamp Brasil in May 2010 .
The next domestic one will be in Portland in October .
See Also
Hypersigils Reconsidered
A Scottish man was forced to make a tough choice when his wife laid down the ultimatum :
Get rid of the orc or I 'm moving to Canada .
42 - year - old Robert Cushnie made an incredible score when a Falkirk toy store closed down six years ago : A full - scale model of a World of Warcraft orc .
It 's the sort of once - in - a - lifetime swag that most gamers , and especially Warcraft fans , would kill for .
But Cushnie 's wife , who he married in February 2009 , was n't quite so enthusiastic about it .
" It came down to the wife or the orc , " he said .
" She said there was n't any room for him in our life .
I 've had him for six years but Dee means more to me , so he had to go . "
" I just do n't like it , " Cushnie 's wife Dee said .
" I 'm only 5 ' 3 " , so it towers over me , which is quite creepy . "
Fortunately for all involved , Cushnie 's orc was adopted by Michael and Patricia Thompson of Aberdeen .
" We wanted him because he 's so unusual , " Patricia said .
" Our grandkids love him . "
As it turns out , the couple plan to move to Canada later this month anyway , minus the orc .
" I 'll miss him , " Cushnie added , " but I 'm glad he 's gone to a good home . "
Let this be a lesson to you , kids :
Never get too serious with a woman until you 've introduced her to the orc .
Source : The Scottish Sun
( image )
With high quality photos that make a singular impression , Adobe Stock is arguably one of the successful stock media agencies in the market .
It has over 40 million content in its library hand - picked from the site ’s most inspiring artists and from Fotolia .
AS acquired Fotolia in 2014 and integrated it with their existing software offer .
You can now access premium content and edit them right from your favorite Creative Cloud software application .
One of the mind - blowing features of Adobe Stock is the ability to work with comp images in the design stages .
Many creative professionals find it time - consuming and costly to purchase images ahead of their client ’s approval .
What happens if the clients do not like your design ?
You can not get those image downloads back for refund .
So , you have another image download put to waste .
Luckily , that is not the case with Adobe Stock images ( read review here ) .
Unique Feature
With Adobe Stock images , you can work with watermarked images for free .
You can then show them to your clients for approval .
If they like it , you can proceed to licensing the photo and replacing the watermark with the full resolution .
It ’s pretty neat , actually .
You do n’t have to spend another set of hours for redesign work .
You get to save more time and money .
This is a unique feature that you will not find in other stock photo agencies .
Licensing Options
Almost all the windows format supports this app .
There is no specific requirement needed to use this app on the PC .
Check steps to download CamScanner Download on Windows below .
So today we will discuss how you can get this app on your Windows PC .
Adobe stock offers simple licensing .
You can purchase a single photo for only $ 9.99 each .
This includes a Standard license that allows you to use the image multiple times in any project for as long as wish .
The annual subscriptions start with $ 29.99 per month for 10 images .
Currently , the stock site offers a free month to new customers .
You can take this opportunity to check out if Adobe Stock suits your creative needs and budget .
Do n’t worry if you wo n’t like it .
You can cancel anytime risk - free .
Do you need larger volumes of Adobe Stock images ?
No problem .
The stock site also offers subscriptions with 350 and 750 images per month .
Both also come with a Standard license .
If you ever need more , you can purchase additional images for as low as $ 0.99 each .
Currently , AS does not offer an Extended License .
If you need multi-seats , unlimited products for resale and larger print runs , you can purchase them via Fotolia website or other stock media agencies .
ps4 remote play pc
The above prices are available for Creative Cloud users .
If you are not a member of the CC community , expect a higher price range .
Nevertheless , Adobe Stock images are still the perfect solution to enhance your next creative projects .
You can browse through thematic galleries , portfolio of Premium artists and highlighted selections from contributors – which means you are getting what you paid for .
Sullo has sent the following announcement to the full disclosure mailing list indicating a new release of Nikto .
" I 'm happy to announce the immediate availability of Nikto 2.1.1 !
Nikto is an open source web server scanner which performs
comprehensive tests against web servers for multiple items , including
over 6100 potentially dangerous files / CGIs , checks for outdated
versions of over 950 servers , and version specific problems on over
260 servers
In addition to bug fixes , 2.1.1 contains some new functionality , including :
- New remote file inclusion ( RFI ) testing
- Over 2300 new RFI tests ( courtesy RSnake / OSVDB )
- Sending of each test ID in the User - Agent
- Libwhisker 2.5 , which includes 2 new IDS evasion techniques
- Ability to run specific plugins
- XML report now includes SSL information
See the CHANGELOG .
txt file , cirt.net or assembla.com for the full list
of changes .
Download :
http://cirt.net/Nikto2
MD5 Checksums :
nikto-2.1.1.tar.bz2 = 4a7ca9634190eba8cac9847117a72446
nikto-2.1.1.tar.gz = a9404c3f464b08f3f48788d5f39e0ca7 "
Lately , when people ask Lost ’s producers if they ’re going to answer our questions , they bring up Star Wars ’ midichlorians , as proof that some things are better not explained .
But like so many people , they ’re missing the real reason midichlorians sucked .
Advertisement
Damon Lindelof told E !
Online a while back :
There are certain questions about the show that I ’m very befuddled by like , ‘ What is the Island ? ’ or ‘ What do the numbers mean ? ’
We ’re going to be explaining a little more about the numbers , maybe significantly more about the numbers , but what do you mean by ‘ What do the numbers mean ? ’
What is a potential answer to that question ?
I feel like you have to be very careful about entering into Midi-Chlorian territory .
I grew up on Star Wars ; I ’ve seen the Star Wars movies hundreds of times ; I can recite them chapter and verse , and never once did anyone ever say to me or did it occur to me to say , ‘ What is the Force , exactly ?
Can you explain that for me , better than Alec Guinness does ? ’
I understand , ‘ When are we going to find out about Libby ? ’
That ’s a very finite question .
‘ Who is Jacob ? ’
OK , yes , we ’ve been talking to this guy named Jacob , so those questions then should have answers , but ‘ What is the Island ? ’
That starts to get into ‘ What is the Force ? ’
It is a place .
I ca n’t explain to you why it moves through space - time - it just does .
You have to accept the fact that it does .
Advertisement
Carlton Cuse similarly told the Chicago Tribune ’s Maureen Ryan :
I mean , mystery exists in life and we kind of always go back to the midi-chlorians example [ in the ‘ Star Wars ’ prequel films ] .
Your understanding the Force was not aided by knowing that there were little particles swimming around in the bloodstreams of Jedi .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
This is part of a wide - spread problem with midichlorians — I would say a galaxy - wide misconception , in fact .
People understand that midichlorians were a terrible idea , but they do n’t understand why they were a terrible idea .
And this misunderstanding allows storytellers to get away with saying they wo n’t explain stuff which they really should explain .
Advertisement
( And for the record , I still have faith that Lost will answer the questions that really need to be answered — including why the heck this island is so important , and why the battle over the island ’s future is n’t just a random real - estate dispute , no different than your uncles fighting over your grandma ’s Florida beach condo .
This is n’t especially a slam against Lost — just trying to clear up a disturbance in , you know , the Force .
And stuff . )
So let ’s break this down once and for all .
1 . We already had an explanation for the Force .
Check out what Obi-Wan Kenobi says in the original Star Wars :
Well , the Force is what gives a Jedi his power .
It ’s an energy field created by all living things .
It surrounds us and penetrates us .
It binds the galaxy together ....
A Jedi can feel the force flowing through him .
Advertisement
That ’s actually a pretty clear - cut explanation , although it does n’t go into particle physics or anything .
But compared to a lot of science - fiction explanations , it ’s refreshingly free of technobabble , and it ’s fairly specific :
The Force is an “ energy field created by all living beings . ”
Possibly mystical and soul - related , as Han suggests , or possibly just some kind of life - energy .
And certain people have an in - born ability to sense and interface with this life - energy .
Advertisement
What ’s so hard to understand about that ?
But midichlorians actually contradict this explanation .
All of a sudden , instead of there being an energy field that “ binds the galaxy together , ” there are little microscopic life forms inside of the Jedi , allowing them to ... do what ?
What do the microscopic entities have to do with the galaxy - wide life force ?
Are they like symbiotes that allow you to connect to the energy field ?
If the Force is in every living thing , then why do only some people have midichlorians ?
Does the Dark Side of the Force have different - flavored midichlorians than the light side ?
Advertisement
What was a fairly clear - cut explanation suddenly becomes incredibly muddled .
Advertisement
It ’s like the sort of thing that happens to superheroes all the time .
Spider - Man used to have a clear - cut ( if silly ) explanation for his powers : he was bitten by a radioactive spider .
But then , at some point , the writers of his comic decided there needed to be a “ Spider totem ” involved , and a spider queen , and Anansi knows what else .
Flash suddenly had to have the “ Speed Force ” bolted on top of his previously simple origin , and Green Lantern had to have a whole emotional spectrum , with different colored rings for different emotions .
And so on .
It ’s part of the nature of retcons :
What was once simple becomes baroque .
Instead of building on the explanation we already had , Phantom Menace demolished it to put up an ugly new monstrosity .
Advertisement
2 . If someone had told you Episode I explains more about the Force and how it works , you ’d have been stoked .
Seriously .
Imagine if , back in 1998 , someone had told you the new movie includes the Jedi finding young Anakin and discovering his huge potential Force powers — including the means by which they determine that the Force is moving strongly in this one .
You ’d have thought , “ Ooh , Lucas is going to open up the mysteries of the Jedi .
There ’ll be cool Yoda - esque koans and riddles and spiritual disciplines , and possibly more blindfolds . ”
Advertisement
And you ’d have been right — in theory , more understanding of the Force would have been a good thing .
It ’s one of the coolest things about Star Wars .
If you wanted to go back in time and take all of the discussion of the Force out of Empire Strikes Back , I would have to go back in time and stop you , because that stuff all rules .
So yeah , more of that type of exploration of the Force would have been terrific .
Advertisement
It ’s not that midichlorians were an explanation for something which should have been mysterious — it ’s more that they were a dumb , ridiculous technobabble concoction .
And they ’re not an explanation you can build on , which is even worse .
You can build a whole architecture on top of “ an energy field that connects all living beings , ” and the original trilogy did , quite well .
But you ca n’t build on top of “ microscopic critters in the blood . ”
It ’s the difference between explanation ( Empire Strikes Back ) and hand - waving ( Phantom Menace ) .
What the Force is , and how it works , is something that we ’re better off being shown , through examples like Yoda ’s Taoist teachings .
Telling us how the Force works , by tossing around silly jargon , is n’t really an explanation — it ’s just Lucas flailing around with a glue - gun , sticking things together randomly .
Advertisement
So your take - away point here is that it ’s not that explanations are bad — ham - handed , idiotic explanations that make things less cool are bad .
3. Star Wars never made “ What is the Force ? ” into a central mystery .
There ’s a reason that Star Wars explains what the Force is the very first time we hear about its existence :
It ’s part of the set - up .
We ’re not supposed to sit around wondering what the Force is , except to the extent that we see Luke learning how to use it .
Luke ’s lessons in the Force are our way in to understanding its subtleties — but the over - arching question of what the Force is ?
We know that from square one .
Advertisement
Likewise , we ’re not really supposed to wonder how the Enterprise flies on Star Trek , or how the TARDIS dematerializes on Doctor Who , or how the ships can “ jump ” on Battlestar Galactica .
Those things are not set up as huge mysteries that the characters are trying to get to the bottom of .
We do n’t get tossed clues about the nature of the Enterprise ’s engines .
The mystery of the Enterprise ’s engines and how they work does not deepen over time .
Scotty does not say “ I ’m doin ’ the best I can , Cap’n , but I canna understand what these Dilithium crystals have to do with anti-matter in the first place ! ”
Every now and then , these shows will throw fans a bone , by mentioning some new details of how these things work .
But we ’re not supposed to think of these things as central mysteries to be solved .
Advertisement
The Force is the same way .
Lost ’s island , though , is mysterious from the moment our castaways crash on it , and its mysteries deepen in every episode .
Even now , I constantly see promos for Lost reruns which show Charlie asking where the hell this place is .
The show has gone out of its way to play up the mystery of what the island is , and who Jacob is , and how the Man In Black got there , and so on .
It is the central mystery of the show , and one I still have great confidence will be resolved , in spite of Cuse and Lindelof ’s statements trying to lower our expectations .
Advertisement
Why would Cuse and Lindelof be trying to lower our expectations anyway ?
Could it be because they saw another show with a cult following , which promised “ all will be revealed , ” over and over again , and then turned out to have a somewhat ... idiosyncratic definition of the word “ all ” ?
But let ’s not reopen old wounds .
Advertisement
The point is , there ’s a difference between your set - up and your big mysteries .
We do n’t expect Lost to explain how the plane that crashed on the island was able to fly in the first place —
Even though I do n’t fully comprehend all the principles of aerodynamics that go into keeping a jet plane in the air , I know they work because I ’ve flown in them .
I ’m not even looking for a detailed explanation of , say , how the island is able to move through time and space .
We ’ve seen it work , so we know it works , and we ’ve gotten enough details about unique magnetic forces to let us fill in the blanks .
But when you set up something as a central mystery and you make people start talking about it in grandiose terms ( i.e. , referring to the island as more important than , say , Tuvalu ) then you owe us an explanation , all right .
It does n’t have to be a series of diagrams or schematics , or go into ridiculous detail .
It should n’t contradict what we ’ve already learned .
And it would be nice if it had some element of showing along with the telling .
But one way or another , if you make a big deal out of asking a question , then you have to provide an answer .
That ’s just basic storytelling .
Advertisement
So let ’s stop using midichlorians as shorthand for “ explaining stuff which should remain a mystery . ”
Midichlorians are more like “ a clumsy retcon that screws up an explanation we already had . ”
Well , he lost a war , an election and now a huge - stakes legislative victory which he had promised to stop .
But what I suspect really got to him was the empirically correct claim that Rove does nothing on principle and everything on politics .
By ripping that mask off in public , by refusing to take Rove seriously as anything but a cynical , political propagandist , Plouffe finally found the confidence to hit him where it hurt .
More , please :
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
How much damage can one man inflict and still be treated like a saint and savior in Washington ?
Ben Bernanke ’s career answers that question .
The Establishment media has rallied around the current Fed chairman as if his reign was the triumph of wisdom and goodness – instead of a debacle of bursting bubbles and ruined lives .
Even though the Federal Reserve is supposedly independent [ insert guffaw here ] – Bernanke will not be permitted to continue in his job unless the Senate votes this week to grant him another term .
Sen. Russell Feingold , Sen. Barbara Boxer , and Sen. Byron Dorgan announced last week that they will vote against another term for Bernanke .
Unfortunately , I doubt that most Republican senators will have the courage or gumption of these Democrats on this vote .
The Senate will be voting on Bernanke while having little or no idea what the Federal Reserve has done in recent years .
That is why Congress must pass Ron Paul ’s legislation to Audit the Fed .
These are only first steps , but they would be a giant leap back in the direction of fiscal sanity .
The Federal Reserve has been bankrolling the war machine in this country for decades , and a loss for the Fed would make it more difficult to use a charge card for the current or next war .
Ismét El Topo jelentkezik , ismét egy ütős poszttal .
Én már nem is mondok semmit :)
„ Megvallattak , hogy vérzett a húsunk .
Elvtársunk , ki még sétálsz , mint a fény ,
gondolj reánk , kik fel -le futkosunk
és messze nézünk cellánk szögletén . ”
- Na helló , srácok !
Mizujs , haladtok ?
- Szevasz Gézám !
Ja , mindjárt megvagyunk , négy előtt végzünk is .
- Fasza , nekem is van még egy kis melóm , aztán hazafelé beugrunk a Makkalsóba , legurítunk pár korsóval ?
Idén még nem is voltunk .
- Ááááá , nem jó , Géza , ne haragudj , meló után rohanok .
- Nebassz , Jani !
Hát , mióta összeköltöztél ezzel a bulával , még nem voltunk együtt sehol , mi van veled ?
Már megint az IKEA - ba mentek gyerekágyat válogatni ?
- Nem , dehogy , ott a hétvégén voltunk .
Megígértem Zitusnak , hogy ma elmegyek vele az aurafotóshoz .
- Aurafotóshoz ?!
Anyám , az mi a lófasz ?
Mit fogtok ott csinálni ?
- Hát így lefotózza az auránkat .
- Az aurátokat !
Janikám , neked elment az a szép eszed !
Mérnökember létedre ?
Milyen aurádat ?
- Ami körülvesz minket .
Lefotózza az auránkat , és meg lehet nézni a képen , hogy harmonizál -e a Zitusé és az enyém .
- Az aurátok Janikám , könyörgöm , hogy a picsába lehet egy aurát lefotózni ?
A szagodat nem fotózzák ott le ?
Te tényleg hiszel ebben ?
- Na , ne izéljetek már srácok !
Zitának fontos ez .
Nagyon hisz az ilyen dolgokban , és azt gondoltam , ártani nem árthat ...
- Árthat , bazmeg , árthat !
Most gondolj már bele , mit csináltok , ha ez az aurafotós azt mondja , hogy nem harmonizál az aromátok ...
- Az auránk !
- Leszarom .
Mit csináltok , ha nem harmonizál ?
- Hátőőő , nem tudom .
- Na !
Múltkor is egy hétig nem lehetett szót érteni veled , mikor a faszom fingmester átrendeztette veled a lakást .
A vagyonodat költötted mindenféle szarra , mire helyreállt a lakásban a csí .
- Ja , igen az a feng - shui mester volt ...
- És? Műszaki diplomás , harmincéves férfiember vagy !
Kettőezer - tízet írunk !
Mért röhögteted ki magad ?
Sikerült már kimutatni az ágyad alatt a vízeret ?
- A varázsvesszős ember azt mondta ...
- A varázsvesszős !
Mennyit fizettél érte ?
- Nem volt drága , ötezret .
- Ötezret !
A varázsvesszősnek !
És magadnak mikor vettél valamit ötezerért ?
- Szombaton .
Megvettük Zitussal a Lila akác asszonyainak első három évfolyamát díszdobozban ...
- Fogjatok le srácok , mert én belemegyek !
Azt nézed , te majom ?
- Igazából eléggé unom , de hát Zitus ...
- Magadnak , te elmeroggyant !
Magadnak mikor vettél valamit ?
- Hát tegnap vettem magamnak új parfümöt , a Zitus nagyon szereti ...
- És ha Zitus azt mondja , menjetek együtt jósnőhöz , tízezerért , oda is elmész vele ?
- Ó , ott már három hónappal ezelőtt voltunk .
- Mér ' , de mér ' csinálsz majmot magadból , Janikám ?
Hát rád sem lehet ismerni !
Múltkor majdnem félrerántottam a kormányt , mikor szembejöttél a parkolóban , és egy rózsaszín plüssmacska vigyorgott rám a szélvédő mögül !
- Zitusé , nem lehet nélküle sehova menni , mert egyrészt szerencsét hoz , másrészt aranyos .
- És tudnál mondani egy mondatot Zitus nélkül ?
- Persze , de most már mennem kell lassan , mert Zitus ...
- Felejtsd már el egy pillanatra !
Vagy ne felejtsd !
Hívd fel , és mondd meg neki , hogy majd máskor mentek az aurafotóshoz !
Ma a kollégáiddal sörözöl a Makkalsóban !
- Zitus nem fog örülni ...
- Nézzétek meg ezt a faszt , hát majdnem sír !
Ha Zitus ennyit nem bír ki , akkor majd szépen hazaköltözik a mamához !
- Nem arról van szó , nem költözik sehova , csak majd hónapokig ezt fogom hallgatni .
- Hát ne hallgasd , bazmeg !
Nem lehetsz ekkora puhapöcs !
Mondd meg neki , hogy neked is megvan a saját életed , a saját cimboráid , a hobbid , az érdeklődési köröd , aztán majd elcsitul !
Hidd el , nem veszíthetsz semmit !
Na !
Ne szórakozz , itt őrzünk , amíg el nem indulunk a Makkalsóba .
Még megszöksz nekünk , igaz , srácok ?
- Várjatok , csörög a telóm !
Mizujs , Bébi ?
Őőőő , nem , nem felejtettem el !
Persze , hatkor felszedlek az Astoriánál .
Neeeem , nem felejtettem el , megyünk a kineziológushoz együtt !
Persze !
Tudom , hogy az én érdekemben !
Puszika !
Bocs srácok , ma mégse jó ...
Much was made this morning about the decline in the 30 day delinquency " bucket " ( percent of loans between 30 and 60 days delinquent ) .
Hopefully this graph will put the problem in perspective ...
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
Loans 30 days delinquent are still elevated , and still above the levels in 2007 - and at about the level of early 2008 - when prices were falling sharply .
The 60 day bucket also declined in Q4 , but it is still above the levels of 2008 .
As MBA Chief Economist Jay Brinkmann noted , the 90 day and ' in foreclosure ' rates are at record levels .
Obviously the lenders have been slow to start foreclosure proceedings - and the 90 + day delinquent bucket is now very full .
And lenders have been slow to actually foreclose - and the ' in foreclosure ' bucket is at record levels .
What impacts prices are distress sales ; homes coming out of the ' in foreclosure ' bucket without being cured .
Since the lenders slowed foreclosures to a trickle , prices have stabilized or even increased slightly in some areas .
But these record levels of long term delinquencies are why Brinkmann cautioned about house prices .
This morning he pointed out on the conference call that there are a record 4.5 million homes seriously delinquent or in foreclosure .
The loans on some of these homes will be cured - perhaps by HAMP modifications of by other lender modification programs - but many of these homes will go to foreclosure or be sold as short sales putting pressure on house prices .
President Obama gave a thumbs up Thursday to the outline of a plan to legalize illegal immigrants and create a flow of low - skilled foreign workers for the future , saying the immigration bill being worked on by a Republican and a Democrat is “ promising . ”
In their broad blueprint , Sens. Charles E. Schumer , New York Democrat , and Lindsey Graham , South Carolina Republican , call for illegal immigrants to be put on a path to citizenship , offer green cards to keep high - skilled foreign university graduates and would create a temporary program for low - skilled workers , with some also getting the chance to become citizens .
The senators also proposed to turn all Social Security cards into tamper - proof IDs to be checked by employers when they are about to hire a worker .
The cards would include biometric information designed to prevent counterfeiting — but the senators said the information would not be stored in a government database .
“ I congratulate Senators Schumer and Graham for their leadership , and pledge to do everything in my power to forge a bipartisan consensus this year on this important issue so we can continue to move forward on comprehensive immigration reform , ” Mr. Obama said in a statement soon after the two senators published their blueprint in a column submitted to The Washington Post .
The carefully orchestrated rollout came just three days before immigrant - rights advocates expect at least 50,000 supporters to rally and march in Washington , D.C. , calling for Congress to act .
The organizers of the rally had met with Mr. Obama last week and told him he needed to embrace a bill or else the thousands of marchers would be told that he had failed to live up to his promises on this issue .
OTHER TWT STORIES :
• Democrats make final reform push
• Health - vote ally Ben Nelson to get a new hospital for Nebraska
• Poll finds stubborn suspicion of census
But the outline is just a first step in what ’s still a very rocky legislative path .
Rep. Lamar Smith of Texas , the top Republican on the House Judiciary Committee , said flatly that it ca n’t pass .
“ The bill does n’t have a prayer , because the American people oppose rewarding lawbreakers , which then encourages illegal immigration , ” he said .
“ Allowing millions of illegal immigrants to stay and take jobs away from citizens is like giving a burglar a key to the house .
Illegal immigrants should return home and play by the rules like millions of legal immigrants . ”
And adding to the bill ’s troubles , Mr. Graham has warned Democrats and Mr. Obama that if they use the budget process to push health care through Congress — known as reconciliation — that could poison any chance for bipartisan cooperation on immigration .
Also , the blueprint is broad , and does n’t delve into many key details that could still split the coalition of labor , business , religious and ethnic groups that have joined together to try to pass a bill .
Still , Ali Noorani , executive director of the National Immigration Forum , said backers have now checked off the first several steps on their to - do list :
The senators have published their outline , Mr. Obama endorsed it , and earlier this week Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick J. Leahy , Vermont Democrat , said he was looking forward to moving a bill through his committee .
Mr. Noorani said the next challenges are to see if more Republicans will jump onboard the effort , and to get commitments from House Democrats to move legislation through their chamber .
“ We have a bipartisan framework that is going to define a piece of legislation .
From here onward , it ’s a political and legislative battle to get the 60 votes we need [ to pass the Senate ] and the 218 in the House , ” Mr. Noorani said .
Congress last took up immigration in 2007 , when President George W. Bush joined with Democratic leaders to write a bill .
But a bipartisan majority of senators joined a filibuster to block the bill .
The supporters of the 2007 effort concluded that Americans did n’t trust the government to secure the borders and enforce the laws , even as they were offering legalization , particularly since illegal immigration has only grown since a 1986 amnesty .
To combat that impression , Mr. Graham and Mr. Schumer said they ’ll include new enforcement at both the border and in the country ’s interior .
“ Once it is clear that in 20 years our nation will not again confront the specter of another 11 million people coming here illegally , Americans will embrace more welcoming immigration policies , ” they wrote .
They have been working on the proposal for months , sorting out competing interests from business groups , labor unions and immigration advocates .
They said their plan has four key components : a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants , a program to let in future workers , the improvements in enforcement and the biometric Social Security cards to help employers weed out illegal workers .
The senators said their legalization would be a “ tough but fair ” program that would require illegal immigrants to admit they broke the law and make them perform community service and pay a fine .
Illegal immigrants would also have to demonstrate they are proficient at English and pass background checks to gain citizenship .
The plan would offer permanent legal status to foreign students who earn a post - graduate degree from an American university , and creates a future program for low - skilled workers .
Businesses could only hire them if no American worker is available , and the number allowed would fluctuate depending on the U.S. economy ’s needs .
Workers who have kept jobs for a long time and have proved valuable members of their community could earn permanent legal status .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Awesome !
Click here for a list of my build kits !
This modification
Playmates brand ,
I think you will enjoy
12X
12X Blu - Ray Star Trek Phaser video ! - Click here !
And another ...
12X Beam Video ( with smoke )
Igniting flash paper and popping more balloons !
- Click here !
This first post is a ' picture tutorial '
Important :
Be sure to
I have parts available in this FS thread
Click here !
1.5 Amp 445 build :
' Hot ' option available here :
12X Phaser Build - Key Features :
The diode
Here are the pictures and details ...
Trigger :
This gives it kind of a ' hair trigger ' .
Safety switch mounting :
Wiring and Circuitry
Current draw :
Note :
Output power :
Note :
EzFocus adapter , and details of the nose modification and fit :
Note :
nose cap and the heatsink need to be aligned
Assembly tip :
12X Blu - Ray Star Trek Phaser video ! - Click here !
Check out my Green Star Trek Phaser Tutorial here !
Click here to see my list of projects and tutorials !
John Hawkins , a writer for the ultra - right wing nuthouse " Townhall ' is living proof that those who live in glass houses should n't throw stones .
He 's also living proof of just how wrong the right is .
Being obese largely contributes to many diseases including , but not limited to cardiovascular disease and cancer ( two of the largest killers in the U.S. ) , as well as type II diabetes and many other diseases and health related issues .
Now before you start to think that I 'm simply making fun of this guy 's obesity , I 'm going to set the record straight and let you know I 'm not .
See , the problem I have with Hawkins is multifaceted .
My marriage , if I were allowed to marry , would in no way shape or form affect the life of Mr. Hawkins , whereas his chosen sedentary lifestyle which also includes overeating does affect mine .
How ?
Well , obesity is a national epidemic in this country which is driving health care cost up at an alarming rate .
This epidemic of obesity affects all of us , regardless of whether we have insurance or not .
Now I would like to encourage Mr. Hawkins to change his lifestyle .
Statistics show , even if you have never exercised one day in your life up to the age of 40 , then begin a regiment of proper diet and exercise ( recommended at least 30 minutes a day 5 times a week ) , you can lose weight , and reduce your risk of cardiovascular disease by up to 90 % .
Exercise does n't mean you have to go to the gym either .
Get out and take a walk , rake leaves or do yard work , walk your dog , wash your car , etc .
There are many ways to achieve the recommended amount of physical activity .
Now again , why do I bring this up .
Well , yes , in part because Mr. Hawkins ' obviously unhealthy lifestyle is a contributing cost factor to all Americans , but again to point out how people living in glass houses should n't throw stones .
If you need to demean someone , especially based on physical characteristics to make a point , chances are you do n't have a point to make in the first place , which is exactly what he does in his " top - ten conservatives of 2009 " � list .
But before we get to his list , I have to address the fact I do n't understand the mentality of prefacing a top - ten list of the " best conservatives " by throwing the President and the First Lady under the bus , especially when you do it by judging physical appearance and not with political factoids .
Because of this , I would offer Hawkins another piece of advice :
When you downgrade someone based upon physical characteristics , you 're really only demonstrating your own insecurities and you greatly discredit and reduce yourself to nothing more than a seemingly undereducated , hypocritical , potentially racist , loud mouth , Rush Limbaugh wannabe , Republican entertainer .
When I say Hawkins is an entertainer , I actually mean he 's got it all down pretty good .
Hawkins cries about how " mainstream media " just wo n't give fair and balanced coverage to conservatives - you know , much like FOX gives to Dems , liberals and progressives .
Now , to address Hawkins ' post , he begins his list with :
Barbara Walters named Michelle Obama the most fascinating person of 2009 .
Really ?
Based on what ?
Her big arms ?
Her terrible fashion sense ?
The fact that she 's married to the worst President in American history ?
OK , so I can look past this immature rant as jealousy .
I mean really .
The 400 pound white guy probably is n't getting any satisfaction , so yes , beautiful and physically fit people , especially those who are as well - liked as the First Lady , most definitely intimidate him .
I find it amazing how Hawkins has to stoop so low as to offer criticism of the First Lady by saying Mrs. Obama has " big arms " .
Again , let 's consider the source of this criticism .
The dig about fashion sense .
Well , her elegance is something that perhaps I too am a bit jealous of .
Now , when referring to Mr. Obama as the worst President in American history , how can that be determined after less than a year in office ?
Surely Hawkins can't be saying the 8 years George W. spent in the white house were years of stellar accomplishments - could he ?
If he 's that delusional , I would remind Hawkins that during those 8 years , this country became engaged in two wars , saw a sharp increase in the poverty level , and the economy tanked .
Hawkins , your comments leading up to your list are in poor taste , and to put is simply , are blatantly stupid .
Well , regardless of his baseless racism , bigotry and jealously , Hawkins does have quite a sense of humor - even if unintentional .
The proof is in the pudding , if there 's any pudding left .
His top ten list of conservatives for 2009 ( pardon me while I compose myself and stop laughing ) are :
10 ) Andrew Breitbart ( A nobody !
Perhaps that 's why he 's at # 10 ? )
9 ) Marco Rubio ( A popular Republican name .
Confirmation Hawkins watches FOX . )
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
( Birds of a feather ? " or perhaps Limbaugh is his " American Idol " ? )
7 ) Jim DeMint ( Proves that Hawkins is also a homophobe .
Perhaps he 's been hit on by a bear lover ? )
6 ) Carrie Prejean ( Proof this guys does n't get laid , and probably is a real closet porn lover ! )
5 ) Dick Cheney ( It 's about time Cheney made a top ten list other than Letterman's . )
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
About the author
( NewsTarget ) " More than half of Americans on chronic meds ! "
That was the headline in May 2008 , and big pharma was happy to hear that news .
(1) The primary goal of the pharmaceutical industry is to continue to increase profits at the expense of Americans .
The following are primarily the 4 methods that accomplish that : decrease cost of producing prescription drugs , increase the consumers ' cost , increase the amount of medications that a person is currently taking and expand the marketplace so that everyone is on prescription drugs .
Big pharma has targeted the younger generations and because of that , more and more children have been prescribed medications in the last decade than ever before .
As Elizabeth Gilbert said in her book Eat , Pray , Love , " medicating the symptom of any illness without exploring its root cause is a classic hare - brained Western way to think that anyone could ever get better .
" Medications come at a cost and cause dangerous effects to the human body .
According to an 11 - year national analysis published in the journal Pediatrics , over half a million children ( 585,922 ) visit a doctor 's office or emergency room for treatment of adverse drug events to prescription medicines !
( 2) Over - the - counter medications are not included in the data of the 585,922 children reported yearly to have adverse events to prescription drugs .
Also that same number does not include adverse drug events that do not seek medical attention .
The authors of this published article " were careful to exclude all cases which might be related to drug abuse , use of an illicit substance , intentional overdose , or administration of the wrong medication .
"
The study found that 28,062 children per year had an adverse event caused by vaccination , which accounted for almost 5 % of the 585,922 yearly adverse drug events in children .
(2) These numbers are out of control and staggering .
Prescription drugs are not safe and carry a significant risk when taking .
The pharmaceutical industry 's agenda is clear .
Creating and labeling more disorders and diseases allows for more reasons to medicate the population .
The United States has the largest pharmaceutical industry in the world and yet the U.S. is not the healthiest nation .
In 2007 , its pharmaceutical revenue totaled at $ 315 billion .
( 3) (1 ) http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/24603120/
( 2) Pediatrics , October 2009 ; 124;e744-e750
( 3 ) http://www.pr-inside.com/us-pharmaceutical-i...
Dr. Jay Davidson has a passion for health and healing .
His purpose is to release America from the shackles of medicine .
Dr. Jay Davidson owns and operates Davidson Family Chiropractic in Waukesha , WI ( Milwaukee area ) , which specializes in structural correction chiropractic .
He also can be heard on a local radio station .
For more information go to www.MaxHealthRadio.com
Sorry for the delay on this one , Systemics .
The creative well has been running a bit dry as of late .
Still , I think we have all been here .
Does a good deed really go unnoticed ?
When it is to be noticed early in the morning in an empty office , I think so .
I think there ’s a follow - up about coffee somewhere in there .
Aaron Campbell death investigation
»
DOCUMENTS
»
AUDIO
Listen to the 9 - 1 - 1 call ( DP5 ) :
01 Track 01 1.mp3 " >
Or download
.
Listen to the 9 - 1 - 1 call ( DP14 ) :
Or download
.
Listen to the 9 - 1 - 1 call ( CT5 ) :
Or download
.
Listen to the 9 - 1 - 1 call ( SV2 ) :
Or download
.
Listen to the 9 - 1 - 1 call ( CT2 ) :
Or download
.
Listen to the North Dispatch audio ( 1622-1645 ) :
Or download
.
Listen to the North District audio ( 1645 -1730 ) :
Or download
.
Listen to the North Dispatch audio ( 1730 - 1815 ) :
Or download
.
Listen to the North Dispatch audio ( 1815 -1900 ) :
Or download
.
Once Angie Jones and her three children had emerged safely from her Sandy Terrace apartment Jan. 29 , Portland police Sgt. Liani Reyna said she was ready to " walk away " from the situation as long as an officer in contact with Jones ' suicidal boyfriend could get him to promise he was n't going to hurt himself .
Officer James Quackenbush , having trouble with cell phone reception , sent text messages to the boyfriend , Aaron M. Campbell .
" Aaron , we need to know if you intend on hurting yourself , " Quackenbush texted .
Campbell responded , " Never .
Wow you guys text too .
You get kudos . "
Campbell 's humor put some officers at ease , but the officers standing ready in the parking lot with a high - powered rifle , beanbag shotgun and dog had no idea of the progress that other officers communicating with Campbell had been making , according to nearly 700 pages of police investigative documents released Tuesday .
It was Jones ' aunt who had first called 9 - 1 - 1 that afternoon , saying she could n't reach her niece , whose boyfriend had a gun and was suicidal over the death that day of his younger brother .
Once he made contact , Quackenbush kept his text messages going .
" Thanks Aaron , I appreciate your help .
I 'm truly sorry about your brother , can you promise me you wo n't hurt yourself .
Jim , " Quackenbush wrote .
Campbell replied that the texting , not calling , was weird .
So Quackenbush called and asked him to come out in a conversation marred by a bad connection and interference .
Suddenly , Campbell emerged , walking backward with his hands locked behind his head .
The five officers standing ready behind a parked patrol car and a garbage bin in the parking lot said they were surprised .
They had n't gotten updates on Quackenbush 's text messages .
Officer Ronald Frashour , with his AR - 15 rifle , stood behind the hood of the police car ; Officer Ryan Lewton , taking cover with a beanbag shotgun behind the car 's trunk , shouted to Campbell .
Lewton said he ordered Campbell to walk backward toward his voice .
" Slow , slow , slow , " he said he shouted .
At one point , Lewton said , he ordered Campbell to stop .
He yelled at Campbell to " put your hands straight up in the air . "
" He just stood there with his hands behind his head .
So I shot him with the beanbag gun , " Lewton said .
He said he did so to gain compliance .
Lewton said the first shot hit Campbell in the buttocks , and he seemed to lean over , about to run .
He fired five more shots at Campbell 's lower back and buttocks , reloading his shotgun .
Frashour , to Lewton 's left , said he did n't even know anyone was still inside the apartment after the children came out unharmed .
When Campbell appeared , he said he was struck by the " determination of his walk , " and kept his sights aimed on Campbell , who had his hands behind his head , while officers were shouting commands and the police dog was barking .
He told detectives he did n't know what the officers were shouting .
" I just do n't remember what they were , " he said .
" Officer ( Jeff ) Elias ' dog was barking , and that dog barks loud . "
Frashour said he heard Campbell say something , but could n't tell what , yet said his tone was " aggressive and hostile and defiant and loud . "
Frashour said he continued to aim at Campbell , and then suddenly he saw beanbag rounds strike him .
He said Campbell took a " half stutterstep forward , " with his hands still on his head , and was then beanbagged again .
Frashour said he saw Campbell 's left hand reach toward his back waistband .
" I mean he just dove his hand straight down the middle of his back , and instantly thought , ' He is pulling a gun out , ' " he said .
He said he saw Campbell running toward the apartment complex , toward the right corner of a parked Volvo .
" I remember thinking , ' I can not let him get to hard cover ' cause he 's gonna shoot at us , and he 's protected if he shoots at us from there . ' ... I knew there was a gun coming out of back of his waistband and before he got to the corner of the Volvo , I shot him .
" His back was my intended target , " he said .
Frashour was not wearing an earpiece to listen to radio communications but said he had his radio microphone on his lapel .
He said he was n't part of any police planning on how to handle the situation and did n't know much when he was summoned to the scene upon the request of an AR - 15 - certified officer .
He knew the suspect was black but he did n't have a detailed description , he told detectives .
More than an hour into the police response , Frashour said he did remember Sgt. Reyna saying police were communicating with Campbell by text and things weregoing well .
But he was n't told that Quackenbush had asked Campbell to come out of the apartment .
The only specific text that officers in the parking lot seemed to be aware of was an early one from Campbell to his girlfriend , which said something like , " Do n't make me get my gun , I 'm serious . "
Elias , standing behind a parking lot trash bin with his dog , Bono , said he unleashed the dog when he saw Campbell start running after getting struck by the beanbags .
He said Campbell 's hands were " just in front of him " around his waistband area when he started running .
" Right when he started running , I gave the dog a take command , " Elias said .
" The next thing I know he fell down and the dog was on top of him . "
Not seeing Campbell move or respond to commands to move , Elias believed he was dead .
Lewton told investigators that he did n't have any information Campbell was coming out .
" He was just all of a sudden there , " he said .
After the beanbag rounds , Lewton said , he lost sight of Campbell 's hands .
" There was no update or anybody that was texting saying , ' OK , now he 's coming out , ' " said Officer Tyrone Willard , Frashour 's partner , who stood beside him .
Reyna did n't see the shooting .
After she directed Quackenbush to ask Campbell to come out , she walked around the corner of the apartment complex to brief a responding lieutenant and captain and only heard the rest .
Dr. Christopher Young , a deputy state medical examiner , said the .223 - caliber bullet entered Campbell 's lower back to the right of his spine and traveled slightly upward , hitting what he called " vital structures , " including his spinal column .
There were bites on his right calf and shin .
" Based on the injuries , I do n't believe he would have survived this even if he had gotten immediate medical attention . "
--
I know :
When am I going to turn this blog into a podcast ?
After 11 years , I ’m thinking the same thing .
During COVID - 19 , podcasting has grown even though streaming also has blown up .
It is young people who are leading the podcasting charge : 31 % of Gen Z is listening to more podcasts , millennials 26 % , Gen X 16 % , boomers 11 % .
If you do a podcast , you also need to promote your podcast .
I ’m often surprised by those who try various media expecting magic to happen .
It does n’t .
Just like everything else in the new digital world , you must work at it .
Podcasts can be the “ intersection between the passive way a brand is heard and the active participation of how a brand converses ” with its audiences , according to OgilvyUSA ’s Robert Davis .
Creating relevant content is hard .
There are no shortcuts .
Podcasts require deep thinking and perseverance , just like writing blogs , producing videos and posting infographics .
You are not a TV station for your brand , and you need to fill a full day of programming .
Podcasting is just one more show — content that will help fill your broadcast day and makes sure your brand is conversing with your audiences .
Oil spills , mountaintop removal , waste dumping , deforestation , unsustainable farming , air pollution – all of these things have made scars upon the Earth , and dramatically impacted millions of lives .
But if a picture is worth a thousand words , these sobering photographs of eco disasters from around the world should leave us all speechless .
From Texaco ’s oily waste pits in Ecuador to the unsettling radiation - contaminated abandoned city of Pripyat in Ukraine , these photos are testament to just how much damage we can do .
Texaco ’s Oily Legacy : Ecuador
Texaco has n’t been in Ecuador since 1993 , but its greasy imprint still remains in the form of shocking oil pollution in and around its former drilling sites in what was once pristine rainforest .
After three decades of drilling and dumping waste oil into giant open pits , Texaco – which was bought by Chevron in 2001 – allegedly botched a half - hearted cleanup attempt , according to a lawsuit filed against the company .
Nearby residents , including indigenous peoples , blame the oil waste for a range of health ills .
Texaco ’s behavior set a precedent – hundreds of wells owned by other companies continue to pump toxic waste into the rainforests every day .
TVA Coal Ash Spill : Tennessee
It ’s America ’s worst man-made environmental disaster – exceeding even the far more famous Exxon - Valdez oil spill .
The December 2008 TVA coal ash spill in Kingston , Tennessee sent 5.4 million cubic yards of hazardous coal waste , which contains arsenic and potentially carcinogenic heavy metals , gushing into the Emory River and over homes and farmland .
All of this occurred when a 50 - foot - high , unregulated dam owned by the Tennessee Valley Authority burst under the weight of decades of accumulated coal ash .
Shrinking Aral Sea : Uzbekistan & Kazakhstan
The images are absolutely mystifying : how did these gigantic tankers get out into the desert , and why ?
The abandoned ships for which the Aral Sea is so famous once floated on plenty of water , but that water steadily dried up ever since the rivers that fed it were diverted for Soviet irrigation projects in the 1960s .
Once the fourth - largest inland body of salt water , the Aral Sea is now 10 % of its former size , annihilating the region ’s formerly prosperous fishing industry .
The ecosystem was destroyed , and the plains that are left behind are covered in salt and toxic chemicals from weapons testing , pesticides , industrial projects and fertilizer runoff .
Air Pollution : Hong Kong
Despite what Hong Kong ’s Environmental Protection Department might say , the air is bad – really bad – and it ’s harmful to the health of local residents .
Current government regulations “ permit 1,100 avoidable deaths per year , ” according to Joanne Ooi , chief executive of the Clean Air Network .
While factories on the mainland are a big source of air pollution in Hong Kong , the area ’s own factories , coal - burning power plants and transport play a large role as well .
Union - Carbide Industrial Spill : Bhopal , India
On December 3rd , 1984 , over 500,000 people were poisoned by the release of extremely dangerous methyl isocyanate ( MIC ) gas and other toxins at the Union - Carbide pesticide manufacturing plant in Bhopal , India .
The immediate death toll is estimated to be as high as 10,000 while 25,000 have since died from gas - related diseases .
In the aftermath of the disaster , bodies lay in the streets – including thousands of children , many of whom went unclaimed in the chaos .
The plant , now owned by Dow Chemical Company , has never been cleaned up and continues to leak toxins into the groundwater of the region .
Mountaintop Removal : West Virginia
Mountaintop removal mining involves a stunning series of destructive steps , all of which have a sobering effect on both the local ecosystem , the look of the landscape and the health of residents nearby .
Forests are clear - cut , explosives blast up to 800 feet off the tops of the mountains , the soil is removed , coal scooped out and waste sent into valleys and streams .
What results is a mess of apocalyptic proportions .
Pine Beetle Infestation : American West & Canada
Anyone in North America who wants to see the effects of climate change first hand need look no further than the American West and British Columbia .
Both areas have been severely effected by pine beetle infestation , killing vast swaths of healthy trees and making the land vulnerable to wildfires and mudslides .
Pine beetles are projected to kill 80 % of British Columbia ’s lodgepole pine within 10 years .
Scientists believe that drier and warmer weather has allowed pine beetle infestation to become an epidemic .
Trash - Packed Citarum River : Indonesia
Is the Citarum the dirtiest river in the world ?
It certainly seems that way from photos of waters so packed with trash , boaters can barely navigate through it .
In fact , it ’s difficult to even tell that there ’s water under all the debris .
Not only is there no trash collection in the area , but 500 factories line the river banks , spewing chemical waste into the water .
Exxon - Valdez Spill : Alaska
No one is likely to forget the Exxon - Valdez oil spill , which perhaps remains the most well known environmental disaster in America ’s history .
11 million gallons of crude oil fouled the beautiful Prince William Sound in Alaska on March 23rd , 1989 after the Exxon - Valdez tanker crashed into icebergs in a shipping lane as the captain napped .
It had a devastating impact on the Sound ’s birds , whales , salmon , otters , bald eagles and other wildlife , and oil can still be found on the beaches over two decades later .
The Dust Bowl : Great Plains of America
Along with the Homestead Act , an unusually wet period lured settlers out into the Great Plains of America in the hopes that agriculture could be supported there .
But it was n’t long before the typical climate of the region returned , forcing farmers into unsustainable practices that increased soil erosion , and when a severe drought struck in 1934 the dusty soil began gathering into immense clouds that blanketed the earth and made day seem like night .
500,000 people were left homeless , and many died of dust pneumonia and malnutrition .
By 1940 , 2.5 million people left the Plains for more fertile lands .
Amazon Deforestation : Brazil
The Amazon rainforest in Brazil has already lost over 232,000 square miles since 1970 , and if deforestation continues at its current rate , 40 % will be gone by 2030 .
The government allowed cattle ranchers to clear large areas of forest in an attempt to build up Brazil ’s economy , and since the 1980s , loggers , miners and soy farmers have added to the problem .
Melting Sea Ice : Arctic Ocean
The Arctic Ocean is losing sea ice at a dramatic rate , and satellite images from 2007 have scientists extremely concerned .
Sea ice declined by a whopping 81,081 square miles per day during a two - week period in 2007 and unusually active , churning waters continue to exacerbate the problem .
These images show the Beaufort Sea ( top ) , a polar bear habitat , and the coast of Barrow , Alaska ( bottom ) .
Chernobyl Nuclear Disaster : Ukraine
Pripyat , Ukraine might just be the world ’s creepiest ghost town .
This otherwise unremarkable Eastern European city was once home to Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant workers , but when a nuclear reactor at the plant exploded in 1986 , it was abandoned and has stood as a bizarre , deteriorating monument to the disaster ever since .
The accident directly killed 56 people , but up to 4,000 may have developed cancer from radiation exposure and it ’s also implicated in the chromosomal aberrations and neural tube defects of countless children .
About The Author
Greetings , I am Scott Shetler , a Senior Instrument expert , and Guitarist .
My hobby and passion are all about music , and I like to explore new gadgets and instruments available in the market .
From my experience , I reviewed and showcase the best products on our site to ensure the worth of readers ’ expectations and money .
( CNN ) -- Pope John Paul II used to beat himself with a belt and sleep on a bare floor to bring himself closer to Christ , a book published Wednesday says .
The late pope had a particular belt for self - flagellation and brought it with him to his summer residence , according to the book , " Why he is a Saint : The True story of John Paul II . "
" As some members of his own entourage were able to hear with their own ears , both in Poland and in the Vatican , Karol Wojtyla flagellated himself , " the book says , using the name the pope was given at birth .
" In the closet , among the cloaks , a particular pant - belt hung from a hook , which he utilized as a whip and one which he always had brought to Castel Gandolfo , " the book says .
The book was written by a Vatican insider , Slawomir Oder , with Italian journalist Saverio Gaeta of the Catholic weekly Christian Family .
Oder is head of the Vatican committee investigating whether John Paul II should be declared a saint .
John Paul died in 2005 .
The evil albino monk in Dan Brown 's " The Da Vinci Code " may be the best - known example of self - flagellation these days , but the practice is not unusual in Catholicism -- or nearly as extreme as it is shown in the movie .
" When members or former members [ of Opus Dei ] see the monk go at it in the movie , they just burst out laughing , it 's so nutty , " said the Rev. Michael Barrett , a priest of the Catholic Opus Dei sect .
In actual Catholic self - flagellation , " there is no blood , no injury , nothing to harm a person 's health , nothing traumatic .
If it caused any harm , the Church would not allow it , " he wrote on Opus Dei's Web site when the movie came out in 2006 .
" This voluntarily accepted discomfort is a way of joining oneself to Jesus Christ and the sufferings he voluntarily accepted in order to redeem us from sin .
' The Da Vinci Code 's ' masochist monk , who loves pain for its own sake , has nothing to do with real Christian mortification , " Barrett said .
Mother Teresa is among famous Catholics who self - flagellated in some way , Barrett said .
Catholics are not alone in choosing to inflict pain on themselves for religion reasons .
Some Shiite Muslims lash themselves until they bleed when marking the mourning period of Ashura , while fasting is practiced by people in several religions , including Jews on Yom Kippur , the day of atonement .
David Gibson , a journalist who worked for Vatican Radio when John Paul II was pope , pointed out that the pontiff wrote an apostolic letter -- essentially a papal position paper -- on suffering in 1984 .
" Christ did not conceal from his listeners the need for suffering .
He said very clearly : ' If any man would come after me ... let him take up his cross daily , ' " the pope wrote , quoting the Gospel of Luke .
Jesus , the pope wrote , " suffered in place of man and for man .
Every man has his own share in the Redemption .
Each one is also called to share in that suffering through which the Redemption was accomplished .
" In bringing about the Redemption through suffering , Christ has also raised human suffering to the level of the Redemption .
Thus each man , in his suffering , can also become a sharer in the redemptive suffering of Christ , " says the letter , Salvifici Doloris , On the Christian Meaning of Human Suffering .
" John Paul was a product of a very Old World Polish Catholicism , " said Gibson , who now writes on religion for Politics Daily .
" He was a very disciplined man and a very rigorous man in his personal spirituality , " he said .
The authors of the new book clearly approve of any whipping the pope did of himself , he added .
" Even though it 's going to weird people out , it 's obviously seen by his postulators as a sign of his holiness , " he said , using the technical term for the person who investigates a person 's qualifications for sainthood .
He said the idea is not as bizarre as it might sound to contemporary ears .
" The idea of fasting , renouncing something , giving up your Starbucks latte so you can send money to Haiti -- you can't simply look down your nose at it without rejecting a lot of other ideas about self - sacrifice , " he said .
The authors of the book based it on interviews with 114 " witnesses " and access to unedited documents in the Vatican 's archives , according to the publisher , Rizzoli .
The book is available only in Italian , but the publisher is having it translated into Polish and other languages .
A swarm of health care protesters , many holding Tea Party signs , heckled members of Congress with racial epithets and abusive language as the House votes on health care reform .
Rep. Barney Frank ( D - Mass . ) was called a “ faggot , ” causing the surrounding crowd to erupt in laughter .
A staffer for Rep. James Clyburn ( D - S.C. ) said a protester spat on Rep. Emanuel Cleaver ( D - Mo. ) .
Rep. John Lewis ( D - Ga. ) , a leader of the civil rights movement , was called a “ ni**er . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Although Frank shrugged off the incident , Clyburn was shocked and told reporters that he had n’t experienced such treatment since leading protests in South Carolina in the 1960s .
“ It was absolutely shocking to me , ” Clyburn told the Huffington Post .
“ Last Monday , this past Monday , I stayed home to meet on the campus of Claflin University where fifty years ago as of last Monday …
I led the first demonstrations in South Carolina , the sit ins …
And quite frankly I heard some things today I have not heard since that day .
I heard people saying things that I have not heard since March 15 , 1960 when I was marching to try and get off the back of the bus . ”
Rep. John Lewis was the first Democrat to leave a meeting of the Ways and Means committee .
As he left , he was met by about 100 protesters crying out “ Kill the bill ! ”
Another civil rights icon , Lewis faced the crowd and told them that he ’s voting for the bill , to which one protester yelled back at him : “ Baby killer ! ”
House Republicans seemed to feed the anger , telling the menacing crowds to punish Democrats in November if they pass the health care bill .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ This weekend will , I believe , mark the end of the liberal ascendancy in Washington , D.C. , ” said Rep. Mike Pence ( R. , Ind . ) .
Fox News ’ headline of the Tea Party protest read : Tea Party Activists Make Last Stand Against Health Care Vote .
La realtà aumentata è uno strumento che Microsoft ha profondamente integrato nel servizio Maps del motore di ricerca Bing .
Ad una presentazione ufficiale , è stata effettuata una dimostrazione di questi nuovi servizi che hanno lasciato la platea a bocca aperta e col fiato sospeso ...
Google Maps ha rappresentato una vera rivoluzione .
Col tempo , poi , a semplici foto satellitari e mappe 2D zoomabili sono stati affiancati nuovi inediti servizi , tra cui la visualizzazione Street View che permette di immedesimarsi letteralmente nelle zone mappate del globo terrestre potendo camminare virtualmente in un ambiente 3D che riproduce fedelmente la realtà ( ottenuto mediante scatti sovrapposti e contigui effettuati nel tempo con le " Google cars " ) .
Microsoft , per tutto questo tempo , non è stata assolutamente a guardare .
Uno spirito di " fast updating " , a mio avviso iniziato con l'ingresso in scena di Steven Sinofsky e accompagnato da un parziale rinnovamento del team di sviluppo dei principali applicativi software , è già stato tangibile a partire dalla creazione di Bing , il nuovo motore di ricerca del colosso di Redmond .
Inizialmente search engine , Bing si è pian piano arricchito offrendo , come Google , servizi aggiuntivi che affiancavano la ricerca nel web di link e immagini .
Tra questi " plug - in Web 2.0 " , il servizio mappe .
Fino a poco tempo fa , le Google Maps non avevano davvero nulla da invidiare alle Bing Maps : queste ultime erano infatti poco aggiornate , di media qualità e non offrivano nulla di davvero nuovo e innovativo .
Oggi , però , la situazione è radicalmente mutata in meglio e non solo i più scettici dovranno ricredersi : anche Google dovrà farlo .
Una news riportata da Neowin.net informa circa il lancio di nuovi servizi per Bing Maps , mostrati in una presentazione pubblica immortalata in un interessantissimo video inserito su YouTube e che riporto di seguito .
Qualcosa di " very impressive " , come direbbero gli americani .
Ma capiamo perchè .
Blaise Agüera y Arcas , architetto di Bing Maps presso Microsoft , si è recentemente occupato di questo nuovo progetto , dando prova , presso la conferenza TED ( technology Entertainment Design ) tenutasi qualche giorno fa , di un'incredibile livello di integrazione della cosiddetta " realtà aumentata " in Bing Maps .
Il successo di questa novità deriva dall ' intelligente acquisizione , avvenuta nel 2006 da parte di Microsoft , dell ' azienda Seadragon , ora divenuta parte del Live Labs di Microsoft , famosa per essere riuscita a restituire in output enormi quantitativi di dati utilizzando un'interfaccia veloce , fluida e basata su zoom .
Tale tecnologia è stata impiegata , così come riportato su Neowin , già nell ' applicazione 3D Photosynth di Microsoft , diffusa in concomitanza dell 'evento inaugurativo del Presidente americano Obama .
Un'altra applicazione di questa trovata risiede in Pivot .
Ma torniamo alla conferenza di Blaise presso il TED , che ha lasciato la platea a bocca aperta , suscitando molto interesse e tantissimi applausi .
Dunque , come dicevo , il dipendente Microsoft ha eseguito una dimostrazione della realtà aumentata recentemente integrata in Bing Maps .
Mi soffermo poco su questi aspetti per non rovinarvi la sorpresa contenuta nel video che ho inserito di seguito , tuttavia vi anticipo soltanto che è stata integrata una tecnologia StreetView - like decisamente migliore , che include elaborazione in tempo reale di video catturati tramite uno smartphone all ' interno di mappe in stile Google StreetView .
Al momento questi servizi sono ancora in fase di demo e test , e molte delle implementazioni attualmente realizzate sono focalizzata su Seattle , San Francisco e Vancouver .
Non mi resta che augurarvi buona visione del filmato ...
A Naga Sadhu ( wandering Hindu holy man ) smoking Chillum during the Kumbh Mela .
These Sadhus remain naked all the time , have long dreadlocks , and smear their bodies with ash .
Kumbha ( pot ) Mela ( fair ) is the world ’s largest religious gathering .
Kumbh Mela occurs four times in twelve years and rotates among the following four locations : Prayag , Haridwar , Ujjain , and Nashik .
Kirk is an average Joe who works as a TSA agent at the Pittsburgh airport with his friends .
The status quo of his fairly monotonous life ends when he meets Molly , a smart , kind and gorgeous blonde .
Because she 's way out of his league ( she 's a hard 10 and he is but a 5 ) , Kirk knows there 's no way on earth she 's ever going to fall for him .
Or is there ...?
Written by Marco van Hoof < k_luifje7@hotmail.com >
Donald Trump : Climate campaigner Al Gore ' should be stripped of Nobel Peace Prize after record snow storms '
Sceptic : Straight - talking tycoon Donald Trump attacked Al Gore 's policies on climate change
Donald Trump has called for Al Gore to be stripped of the Nobel Peace prize he was awarded for campaigning on climate change .
The billionaire tycoon said record - breaking snow storms proved that the former US Vice - President was wrong on global warming , and that policies aimed at tackling carbon emissions were harming America 's economy .
His comments follow a string of high - profile attacks on climate change advocates .
Scientists have been forced to defend themselves after embarrassing admissions that some of their evidence was faulty .
Gore has become one of the world 's leading global warming activists since his documentary An Inconvenient Truth became a surprise hit in 2006 .
He was given the Nobel Peace Prize in 2007 .
But Trump , who hosts the US version of The Apprentice , said the Nobel Committee should now strip him of the award following one of the worst ever winters in eastern America .
He said in a speech : ' With the coldest winter ever recorded , with snow setting record levels up and down the coast , the Nobel committee should take the Nobel Prize back from Al Gore . '
Campaigner : Gore was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2007
He added : ' Gore wants us to clean up our factories and plants in order to protect us from global warming , when China and other countries could n't care less .
' It would make us totally non-competitive in the manufacturing world , and China , Japan and India are laughing at America 's stupidity . '
A crowd of 500 at the businessman 's Trump National Golf Club in Westchester , New York , stood up and cheered the remarks , the New York Post reported .
Washington DC and surrounding areas were buried under more than two feet of snow last week in blizzards that President Barack Obama dubbed ' Snowmageddon ' .
But organisers of the Winter Olympics 3,000 miles away in Vancouver , Canada , had to ship in extra snow to ensure the games could go ahead despite unseasonably warm weather .
Many scientists have gone to great lengths to explain that the record snowfalls do not disprove man-made global warming , while some have even said climate change could have contributed to the storms .
But they face a growing movement of climate change sceptics in Britain and the US .
The scientific community has been forced onto the back foot following claims that climate data has been ' manipulated ' to bolster the case for action on carbon emissions .
Rajendra Pachauri , head of the UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , has resisted calls for his resignation after the body admitted a series of mistakes , including a false claim included in an influential report that Himalayan glaciers would disappear by 2035 .
Snowmageddon : Washington DC has been hit by record - breaking blizzards
The panel has been mired in controversy since the leaking of emails from the climate change unit at The University of East Anglia , which appeared to show that data used to bolster the IPCC 's claims had been manipulated .
Critics also claim the UEA 's researchers acted to stop papers they did not like from being published in journals and refused to share their data with sceptics .
This week the unit 's former head Professor Phil Jones , performed a majot u-turn and admitted there had been no ' statistically significant ' global warming in the last 15 years .
And new research cast serious doubt on temperature records from around the world which have been used as evidence for global warming .
Credit Suisse Declares the U.S. a Riskier Investment Than Indonesia
Created : February 12 , 2010 13:47 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Amid fears that Switzerland might come to an agreement with the United States on banking privacy and tax evasion disclosures , Credit Suisse issued a report identifying those countries it determined to have the highest risks of default on their sovereign debts .
Number 16 on the list was the United States , based primarily on its 2009 budget deficits and government debt .
Countries ranked less likely to default include corruptocracy Kazakhstan , less - than - reform - minded Indonesia , the debt - ridden Philippines and violence - ridden Colombia .
By comparison , U.S. Treasuries prices are up today despite a new issuance this week .
Mozilla ’s JavaScript optimizer , TraceMonkey , is pretty powerful .
It carefully observes loops and converts them to super - fast assembly .
We call this “ tracing ” .
That ’s great and all , but there ’s a problem : sometimes tracing does n’t work .
Loops can throw curveballs that cause tracing to stop .
Especially with recursion , or lots of nesting , it can be very difficult to build good traces on complex code .
Other JavaScript engines , such as Nitro ( present in WebKit / Safari ) , take a simpler approach .
Instead of compiling loops to assembly , they compile entire methods ( functions ) to assembly .
The generated code is much more generic than tracing , so while it is not as fast , it can handle any curveball .
What we ’ve found is that when tracing works , we ’re faster than the generic approach .
But when tracing fails , we have to fall back to our old - school interpreter .
At that point your JavaScript runs about as fast as it would in 2007 - 2008 ( i.e. before Firefox 3.5 , Safari 4 , Chrome , etc ) .
That ’s not acceptable , and we need to fix that .
Trace compilation is still an active area of research ( one which we ’ll continue to work on ) – but in the interim , we need to make sure our “ slow path ” is at least as good as the competition .
The question we ’ve been asked , and we ’ve been asking of ourselves , is :
Why could n’t we trace and keep going SUPER AWESOME FAST , and when tracing fails , fall back to STILL REALLY FAST ?
Enter JaegerMonkey .
Our new project , JaegerMonkey ( or JägerMonkey ) , has exactly this in mind .
We ’re taking the tried - and - true approach of other vendors , and bolting trace compilation on top .
Once the two are interacting seamlessly , you ’ll have a much more consistent – and fast – JavaScript performance experience .
Dave Mandelin , Luke Wagner , Julian Seward and I have been sprinting the past few weeks to get something basic working .
To emit actual machine code , we ’re using some very pretty classes ( “ macro assembler ” ) from Nitro .
That ’s been a real treat ; it ’s well - abstracted and C++ish , and allowed us to get to work on the actual compiler very quickly .
Our compiler is simple so far .
Before interpreting a method , we translate each bytecode into some pretty generic assembly .
For example , an “ ADD ” opcode will emit assembly that can handle both fast cases ( adding two numbers ) and slow cases ( adding , say , an object and a string ) .
Contrast this to tracing , where the types are known , and pinned , statically – it does not need to handle any extra cases that might come up .
In the whole - method compiler , the generated code must handle all unexpected variations in control or type flow .
After the function is compiled we execute it right away – the interpreter is skipped entirely .
Early Progress .
We ’ve barely started and the results are already really promising .
Running SunSpider on my machine , the whole - method JIT is 30 % faster than the interpreter on x86 , and 45 % faster on x64 .
This is with barely any optimization work !
When we integrate tracing next week , we ’ll already start to see the benefits of both working together .
For a more in - depth study , Dave Mandelin has blogged about our early performance gains , what ’s done , up - and - coming , etc .
As we move forward , the two compilers will be tightly integrated .
The method compiler will be able to identify loops and invoke the trace compiler .
The trace compiler , if it decides a method is too complex to inline , may decide to invoke the method compiler .
The future of SpiderMonkey is bright and shiny , and we ’ll be talking more about the project as it reaches major milestones .
In the meantime , if you are interested in learning more , I invite you to look at JaegerMonkey on the Mozilla wiki , and our makeshift source code repository .
We also hang out in #jsapi on irc.mozilla.org .
But in 2008 , Dr. Bishop seemed to be riding high .
She and her husband had developed an automated cell incubator that was supposed to keep finicky cells , like nerve cells , alive longer and make experiments easier .
The university , which would share in any proceeds , was trying to market the device , and the university president , David B. Williams , predicted that it would “ change the way biological and medical research is conducted , ” according to The Huntsville Times .
In the winter of 2009 , a smiling Dr. Bishop was shown on the cover of The Huntsville R & D Report .
Prodigy Biosystems , where Mr. Anderson now works , ultimately raised $ 1.25 million to develop the product .
In March 2009 , however , Dr. Bishop received word that her bid for tenure had been denied because her research and publication record were not strong , colleagues said .
Such denials are rare , faculty members said , because the university reviews tenure - track professors annually , alerting them to areas that need improvement .
Even though faculty members , including her department chairman , counseled her to look for another job , Dr. Bishop appealed the decision .
“ Her attitude was not , ‘ I ’m going to have to go find another job , ’ ” said Eric Seemann , an assistant professor of psychology .
“ It was more like , ‘ When are these idiots going to clear this up ? ’ ”
She lobbied for a revote in the department , badgering people for support , her colleagues said .
They disputed an assertion by her husband after the shooting that Dr. Bishop had won the appeals process and the provost had overruled the decision .
The appeals process identified only a minor procedural problem , which was remedied , they said .
Last November , a university spokesman said , her appeal was finally denied .
Increasingly expressing concern about her family ’s finances , Dr. Bishop hired a lawyer , her husband said , and filed a discrimination complaint against the university .
He said she also began going to a firing range .
In the weeks leading up to the shooting , he told reporters , he had gone with her to the range once .
He said she claimed to have borrowed the gun she used .
Her lawyer said Friday that she did not remember what happened next .
But the police and witnesses say that on Feb.
12 , Dr. Bishop went to a routine faculty meeting with a plan .
And a loaded handgun .
America 's main pro-Israel lobby group is mobilising members of Congress to pressure the White House over its bitter public confrontation with Binyamin Netanyahu , the Israeli prime minister .
The move , by the American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( Aipac ) , appears aimed at exploiting differences in the Obama administration as it decides how to use the crisis around settlement building in Jerusalem to press Israel towards concessions to kickstart peace negotiations .
Aipac has persuaded more than three - quarters of the members of the US House of Representatives to sign a letter calling for an end to public criticism of Israel and urging the US to " reinforce " its relationship with the Jewish state .
The open letter , which has been circulating among members of Congress for the last week , says that while it is recognised that there will be differences between the two countries , they should be kept behind closed doors .
" Our view is that such differences are best resolved quietly , in trust and confidence , " it says .
The public differences , and revelations of Obama 's private snubs of Netanyahu at the White House last week , have proved embarrassing to the Israeli leader at home , where he has been accused of undermining Israel 's most important relationship .
Signatories to Aipac 's letter include Steny Hoyer , the Democrat majority leader , and Eric Cantor , the Republican whip .
The wording is similar to an email Aipac sent out during Netanyahu 's visit , describing Obama 's criticisms of the Israeli government as " a matter of serious concern " and calling on the US administration " to take immediate steps to defuse the tension with the Jewish state " .
But while Aipac has for years influenced US policy on Israel , by targeting members of Congress who criticise the Jewish state , it may no longer have the same impact .
Robert Malley , a former special assistant to President Bill Clinton for Arab - Israeli affairs , said the administration 's decision to take a once routine disagreement over settlement construction in East Jerusalem and turn it in to a confrontation is a reflection of the determination in the White House .
" This episode tells us more about the past and the future than the present .
It 's a reflection of the accumulated frustration and mistrust of the Netanyahu government by the White House .
For the future , they 're headed for a collision on the pace and nature of peace negotiations , " he said .
" We 're seeing determination . "
A source , who is consulted by administration officials on Israel policy but did not wish to be named , said that having chosen to take Netanyahu on , Obama can not afford to back away .
" The administration 's credibility is at stake – in Israel and the Arab world .
Netanyahu thought he had the better of it last year after he humiliated the president by rejecting his demand for a settlement freeze .
If the administration does not follow through on this , or reaches some compromise that takes the heat off the Israelis , I suspect it will be almost impossible for us to get anything off the ground , " he said .
Netanyahu appears to have been caught off guard by Obama 's stand , perhaps because he was overconfident of being able to bypass the administration by relying on strong support for Israel in Congress .
But while Aipac has been able to mobilise support for its letter , Congressional leaders have remained largely silent on the substance of the dispute .
That is , in part , because there is little enthusiasm for Jewish settlements .
In addition , the White House has played an unusual card in suggesting that Netanyahu 's intransigence is endangering US interests in the Middle East , and the lives of US soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan .
" So far , I 've been surprised by how muted congressional reaction has been , " said Malley .
" It may come , but if the administration manages to portray this as an issue of US national interest , it may be able to sustain a level of criticism . "
However , there are reports of divisions within the administration on how to proceed .
The US special envoy to the Middle East , George Mitchell , and the national security adviser , James Jones , believe Israeli governments respond to pressure .
Last year an Israeli diplomatic memorandum described Jones as having told European officials that the US administration would take a hard line with the government in Jerusalem .
Some officials favour mapping out a blueprint for peace and pressing both sides to adopt it .
But other officials argue against forcing Netanyahu to make compromises that will bring down his rightwing coalition .
There has been criticism from Dennis Ross , who served as Bill Clinton 's Middle East envoy .
Now a Middle East strategist for the Obama administration , he is reported to be arguing for the White House to ease up on Netanyahu .
However , Ross is regarded by some sceptics as too close to Israel .
He has publicly argued that Jerusalem must remain undivided and is regarded with suspicion by the Palestinians , who saw him as effectively negotiating on Israel 's behalf , rather than as a neutral mediator .
Malley says that whatever the Obama administration does it is almost certain to lead to further confrontation with the Israeli government .
" The next crisis is more or less inevitable , given the diverging views of the Israeli and US governments on the pace and direction of the emerging talks , " he said .
War of words
" We must not be trapped by an illogical and unreasonable demand . "
Binyamin Netanyahu , below , on Obama 's demand for an end to settlement construction in East Jerusalem .
" I think at one point the [ Israeli ] prime minister added that he did not see a distinction necessarily between building in Jerusalem and building in Tel Aviv .
We disagree with that . "
White House spokesman on Netanyahu 's reaction to the demand for an end to settlement construction .
" We recognise that , despite the extraordinary closeness between our country and Israel , there will be differences over issues , both large and small .
Our view is that such differences are best resolved quietly , in trust and confidence , as befits long - standing strategic allies . "
Letter signed by members of Congress pressing the administration to avoid such public disagreements .
Description
Nominate New Haven Here :
http://www.google.com/appserve/fiberrfi/public/options
For More Info Visit :
http://bit.ly/cpfchk
Join the Facebook Group :
http://www.facebook.com/group.php?gid=309439846644
Google is planning to build , and test ultra-high speed broadband networks in a small number of trial locations across the country .
They will deliver Internet speeds more than 100 times faster than what most Americans have access to today with 1 gigabit per second , fiber - to - the - home connections .
Google will offer service at a competitive price to at least 50,000 , and potentially up to 500,000 people .
We are currently experiencing technical difficulties .
Please try again soon .
Anti-malware testing group AV - Comparatives.org not only gave Microsoft Security Essentials a top rating for malware removal , but now they 've given it their best ranking in their performance test as well .
Advertisement
AV - Comparatives.org ran a series of real - world tests running through common scenarios like downloading , extracting , copying , and encoding files , installing and launching applications , and they also ran through an automated testing suite as well .
Once the dust had settled , it became clear that not only is MSE one of only three products that both blocks and removes malware well , but it 's also very light on system resources .
Out of all the products tested , Microsoft Security Essentials was the best - performing free antivirus solution , and one of only two that received " very fast " on each of the real - world tests , earning it their top award : an " advanced + " ranking .
We 've been telling you for a while that you do n't need to pay for Windows security , and now with MSE ranked alongside the top paid apps in both malware removal and performance , you might want to consider making the switch .
Advertisement
Hit the AV - Comparatives link for the full report in PDF form , or check out the PC Mag story for the overview — if you can deal with some irritating in - text ads .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Performance Tests [ AV - Comparatives ]
AV - Comparatives Rates Anti-Malware Performance [ PC Mag via @edbott ]
About the author
( NewsTarget ) According to the results of a new study from Harvard University , and published in the January 28th online edition of , people who run barefoot hit the ground differently than those who wear shoes , and in doing so , lessen the impact on their bodies .
Daniel E. Lieberman , the co-author of the study and a professor of human evolutionary biology at Harvard University said , " People who don`t wear shoes when they run have an .
By landing on the middle or front of the foot , barefoot runners have almost no impact collision , much less than most shod runners generate when they heel - strike .
"
By contrast , runners with shoes on tended to strike the ground with their heels , leading to an impact equivalent to two to three times their body weight , Lieberman said .
This new study focused on the running gaits of shod and unshod people from the US , where most people have grown up wearing running shoes , and from Kenya , where running barefoot is still common .
The research found that people who grew up running barefoot in Kenya`s Rift Valley province , which is known for its endurance running champs , tended to land mostly on the front or middle of the foot when they touched ground .
Some world class athletes who run barefoot include : People who have always worn cushioned running shoes , on the other hand , usually hit the ground heel first .
According to Biomechanist Reed Ferber of the University of Calgary in Canada , this study " is unique in that they actually went and found people who have been running barefoot and are world renowned as barefoot runners . "
Previous studies focused on people who were asked to run barefoot for the first time during laboratory experiments , he says .
The study examined the physical stresses on feet and found that people wearing running shoes strike the ground with the mass of the entire leg , which is nearly 7 percent of the body .
That`s more than three times the weight of impact for barefoot running .
" It`s really about how you hit the ground , " said Lieberman , who specializes in human evolutionary biology .
" When you hit the ground , some of your body comes to a dead stop . "
For runners in cushioned shoes , " It is literally like someone hitting you on the heel with a hammer , " Lieberman said .
But , he added , that The research goes on to say , " For most of human evolutionary history , runners were either barefoot or wore minimal footwear such as sandals or moccasins with smaller heels and little cushioning .
" It should be pointed out that a maker of foot wear was one of the sources of funding for the Harvard study .
However , even critics of this study would likely agree that the test results have shown that runners can safely run distance with minimal or no footwear .
2 million years ago , our pre-human ancestors evolved a running stride used to wear out prey during prolonged hunts .
The 1970s invention of the modern running shoe changed our strides .
This was not always for the best , as recent decades have seen a huge increase in injuries .
While the jury is out on whether barefoot running causes fewer injuries than running with shoes , this research points the way for further studies , as the incidents of running - related injuries continue to rise .
___________________Steve
Kirschner ... Steve has worked for over 25 years in the field of health and nutrition and is the developer of the " Equinox " , cardio / strength training system .
Active in all areas of fitness training , including yoga , running , biking , surfing , weights and gardening , Steve believes that we need to supplement a low GI diet with vitamins and hormones , based on measured individual needs .
Steve has trained numerous celebrity and business clients over the years , on a one on one basis .
For a free training session on the " Equinox " , email Steve @
SIMON ’S DESIRE TO do a show in New Orleans predates “ The Wire . ”
In the mid-’90s , he began writing regularly on NBC’s “ Homicide , ” Barry Levinson and Tom Fontana ’s long - running adaptation of Simon ’s own nonfiction account of the year he spent embedded in a Baltimore homicide - detectives unit , Simon met Overmyer , a more senior writer - producer with the show .
Overmyer owned a second home in New Orleans , as he does to this day , and very soon he and Simon , who had been taking regular trips to New Orleans for some time , found they were talking more about their record collections and experiences in New Orleans than about “ Homicide . ”
It was n’t long before they were thinking out loud about how great it would be to shoot a show down there .
The problem was that they did n’t know what show .
“ We could n’t figure out how to pitch it , ” Simon told me last fall .
“ Both of us imagined the pitch meeting , and we imagined trying to explain New Orleans and being unable to .
If I could explain it to you sitting here now , I would n’t have to do the show .
That ’s the problem : you literally have to drag whatever executive you ’ve got to New Orleans , throw him into a second line ” — local parades led by brass bands are followed by a “ second line ” of dancers who join in spontaneously — “ get him drunk , take him here , take him there .
It would have to be a lost week : you ’re not in America anymore — you ’re in New Orleans !
We could n’t imagine being able to do that .
In fact , we imagined being escorted off the lot .
We laughed about it .
We said , ‘ Pipe dream . ’ ”
Years passed , and Simon went on to “ The Wire . ” During preparation for Season 4 , Katrina happened .
Simon told me : “ Eric was in Baltimore .
We were in the writing stage before filming .
And I remember in the office looking at the satellite photos on the Internet of his house .
And him going : ‘ I think I ’m O.K. ; I think I ’m dry . ’ ” A few weeks later , Simon was reading the industry trades and saw that three or four New Orleans shows had suddenly appeared in development .
There was “ K - Ville , ” which had a brief run in 2007 ; a project Spike Lee was developing with NBC that did n’t come to fruition ; a few more .
Simon knew they had to act quickly : “ I said to Eric , ‘ We ’ve got to go out right now . ’
So we flew out to L.A. , and Carolyn Strauss bought the idea of us writing something , ’ cause there ’s not that much money in the script , not a huge investment .
And I think on some level she was being polite .
You know , ‘ “ The Wire ” is good , “ The Corner ” has been good ; I ca n’t say no to you . ’
But I do n’t think she got it .
I think if you talk to her , she ’d be like , ‘ They did n’t do a good job explaining it . ’
I remember this exchange , which is us trying to explain the Mardi Gras Indians , and somewhere in the middle of the pitch she goes , ‘ When you say “ Indians , ” do you mean woo - woo - woo ? ’
And we ’re like , ‘ Yes . . . and no , ’ ” Simon laughed .
“ ‘ Not Native American but , yeah , woo - woo - woo - woo . ’ ”
“ David and Eric were valiant in their attempt to explain their show to me , ” Strauss , now an independent executive producer on “ Treme , ” told me in an e-mail message .
“ But I could n’t seem to get it at all .
Because I have complete creative trust in David , I told them to write it . ”
Simon and Overmyer began discussing possible ideas the following summer , but it was n’t until the next year that writing started .
“ David did most of the heavy lifting initially , ” Overmyer says .
Simon sent him a draft of a pilot that had a provisional set of characters and was about 80 percent of a whole but missing scenes .
“ He did this on ‘ The Wire , ’ too , ” Overmyer says .
“ He said , ‘ I ca n’t do the domestic scenes ; you do the domestic scenes . ’
I always thought ,
He ’s giving me the girlie scenes , ” Overmyer says , laughing .
“ On ‘ The Wire , ’ he ’d say to me , ‘ You write the scene when McNulty has dinner with his ex-wife . ’
Always the girlie scenes . ”
Once Overmyer filled in the missing moments , the two began bouncing versions back and forth , revising repeatedly , until , organically , the balance of their contributions to the whole achieved parity .
“ David and I have a good dialectic , ” Overmyer says .
“ He ’s a journalist , and I ’m a playwright by trade , so I think he tends to wanting to make larger statements about the city than I do , and I tend to resist that a little . ”
By spring 2008 , two and a half years after the pilot was ordered , they agreed on a draft that they would take to HBO , beginning what tends to be a perilous stage in the development of a series , when the executives charged with paying for production have their say .
“ On one script , ” Overmyer says of an experience developing a show with a different network , “ I counted it up : I actually got 72 separate sets of notes — from the production company , the studio , the network — many of them contradictory . ”
The most memorable note Overmyer ever received was from an executive very high up at a network .
“ She said , ‘ They ’re being so unpleasant with each other . ’
And I said : ‘ Well , that ’s drama .
That ’s conflict . ’
And she actually said , ‘ Could we have the drama . . . without the conflict ? ’ ”
Simon remembers many network notes when writing for “ Homicide . ”
“ The notes felt like they were not serving the best possible story , ” Simon explained .
“ Jimmy Yoshimura — Eric worked as supervising producer with him , and I was a junior producer under them —
Yosh used to do this notes meeting , call me in and say , ‘ Come on , let ’s do the antler dance . ’
And I said , ‘ What ’s the antler dance ? ’
And I swear to God , he would put his phone on the floor , on speakerphone , so you ’d hear the voice of the network exec .
And with his voice , Jim would approximate a reasonable , ‘ Well , that ’s a very good note , but if we do that .
. . .’
But his body language would begin with his hands up above his head as if he were wearing antlers , like some sort of drum circle , and he would dance around the phone , gesturing obscenely to it , do a little more dancing , but all the while he would be saying , ‘ Oh , no , that ’s a really good note , we ’ll have to consider that .
Let me talk to Tom [ Fontana ] , because I think we ’re going to do something in another episode . ’
Meanwhile , he ’d pull down his zipper and stick his thumb through it , and if the guy kept persisting on a note and he could n’t talk him out of it , Yosh would get down on the floor , close to the speakerphone and .
. . . ”
Yoshimura claims that there are limits to Simon ’s recall .
“ No , no , no , that was David ! ” Simon offered the following rebuttal via e-mail : “ I will own the origin of this particular gesture if that is Jim ’s memory , but in the event that he is trying now these many years later to whitewash his authorship of the sacred ritual of the network - note antler dance , I can only quote ‘ The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance ’ and John Wayne ’s remark to Jimmy Stewart : ‘ Think back , pilgrim . ’ ”
AT THE CORPORATE headquarters of HBO in Manhattan , on an October morning last year , I met two of the executives who greenlighted production of “ Treme ” : Michael Lombardo , president of programming , and Richard Plepler , a co-president of the network to whom Lombardo reports .
I ’ve finished processing the southern hemisphere GHCN data , and computed the temperature according to the simple procedure for the entire globe .
The results will probably be no surprise , since several others have replicated my results already , with the same outcome .
Here ’s the temperature history ( annual averages ) for pre-cutoff stations only , compared to that for post - cutoff stations only :
And here ’s the difference between the two .
Note that the post - cutoff stations ( the ones NOT omitted ) show LESS warming than the pre-cutoff stations ( the ones that dropped out ) :
As stated before , contrary to the claims of D’Aleo and Watts , station dropout did NOT introduce a warming trend .
If anything , it introduced a cooling trend .
Mark has spent more than 250 days in the saddle
Message from the End of the World Record - breaking cyclist Mark Beaumont has finished his mammoth journey across the Americas from Alaska to the southern tip of Argentina .
The 27 - year - old has clocked up 13,080 miles ( 21,050 km ) since May .
He started his last day in the saddle at 1000 GMT with just 50 miles to go .
He told his Twitter followers as he crossed the finish line : " I have made it ! "
He reached Ushuaia in southern Argentina at 1538 GMT .
His 268 - day trip has seen him cycle through 12 countries .
Mr Beaumont , from Bridge of Cally , Perthshire , also took in the two highest mountains in the Americas - Mount McKinley and Aconcagua .
His journey began in Anchorage , Alaska , on 27 May and finished when he reached the sea at Ushuaia , the capital of the Argentine province of Tierra del Fuego .
He reported earlier on his Twitter feed that he was cycling through some " nice Scottish drizzle " as he climbed the last big hill .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
His mother Una Beaumont said she had spoken to her son minutes after he crossed the finish line .
She told BBC Scotland 's news website : " He could not speak .
He was so filled up .
" I did the chatting and then he said he was fine and what a perfect place it was to finish . "
Mrs Beaumont said there would be a big family celebration when her son returned home .
" We have n't had our Christmas dinner yet and it was Mark 's 27th birthday on 1 January , so we will be having a combined celebration . "
Mr Beaumont broke the record for cycling around the world in February 2008 , completing the journey in 195 days .
' Epic journey '
Asked about her son's plans for the future , Mrs Beaumont replied : " I think he 's got something in his head but I 'm not asking .
I just want him back for a bit . "
David Peat , series producer for the BBC
One documentary that will chart the cyclist 's journey , said the achievement was " truly remarkable " .
He added : " Many people that cycle have done the trip , but no - one has done it and climbed both those mountains in one season .
" It 's an epic journey . "
The first programme in the series will be shown on BBC One on 23 March at 2235 GMT .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Author :
nitako
Published :
2010-02-07 12:29:10
Description :
Eco Punk is a fast paced dodging and shooting game with a simple goal - you need to collect as many garbage items as fast as possible while avoiding collision with street traffic .
Along the way you also collect different power ups like shield and guns with which you can blow up the polluting vehicles and get more points .
The game has a simple and addictive casual pick - up gameplay that makes you keep try it " just one more time " .
Rating :
Instructions :
Just move your mouse to move the character , thats all !
Category :
Plays :
1,389,610
In a much - hyped interview , Jon Stewart appeared on " The O'Reilly Factor " tonight to talk about national politics and discuss how President Obama is faring after his first year in office .
" I 'm torn , " Stewart said of Obama .
" I can't tell if he 's a Jedi master ... or this is kicking his ass . "
O'Reilly asked Stewart in what areas Obama was doing poorly .
" He has decided that congress is an equal branch of government .
Huge mistake , " Stewart said .
" That 's ...
A quantum physics breakthrough that can predict the kinetic energy of electrons in simple metals — and semiconductors — will enable computers to simulate the behavior of new materials up to 100,000 times faster than they currently can .
That 's huge .
Advertisement
Princeton engineer Emily Carter led the project , which took an equation by Llewellyn Hilleth Thomas and Enrico Fermi that calculates how many electrons are distributed in a theoretical gas with evenly distributed electrons and figured out how to apply it to real , imperfect materials :
" The equation scientists were using before was inefficient and consumed huge amounts of computing power , so we were limited to modeling only a few hundred atoms of a perfect material , " said Emily Carter , Princeton engineer who led the project .
" Important properties are actually determined by the flaws , but to understand those you need to look at thousands or tens of thousands of atoms so the defects are included .
Using this new equation , we 've been able to model up to a million atoms , so we get closer to the real properties of a substance . "
Advertisement
The results of that effort mean that principles of quantum mechanics , previously limited to small bits of matierals , can now be applied on a large scale .
Modeling , then , for anything from fuel - efficient cars to electronic devices , will happen exponentially faster than it does today .
Innovation just got an upgrade .
[ Princeton via PopSci ]
I am at this conference today , so I wo n't be able to say much about the employment report :
As Brad DeLong notes , unemployment fell to 9.7 % , and payroll employment fell by 20,000 :
Unemployment Rate Down by 0.3 % to 9.7 % , by Brad DeLong : Payroll unemployment down by 20 K .
Looking like another 4 % or more productivity growth quarter , and perhaps a labor market improving by the equinox .
How is it that both employment and unemployment fell ?:
Jobs Are Up ! I Mean Down !
Whatever … , by Paul Krugman : A confusing employment report this morning : employment down , but unemployment also down .
Nor is this a story about workers dropping out of the labor force ; the report shows an increase in the employment - population ratio , the percentage of adults who are working .
What ?
OK , the trick is that there are two different surveys .
Payroll numbers come from a survey of firms ; unemployment ( and employment - population ) numbers come from a survey of households .
Both surveys are subject to error , both strict statistical sampling error and things like incomplete coverage , uncertain seasonal adjustments , and so on .
When employment growth is near zero , on either side , it ’s not that surprising that the surveys should point in opposite directions .
The bottom line is that economic numbers are no more than rough indicators .
You have been warned .
See also Economix , Credit Writedowns , Andrew Leonard , Financial Times , WSJ , Washington Post , NY Times , Spencer at Angry Bear .
Note :
Post is echoed here , with updates .
Infowars.com
March 5 , 2010
John Patrick Bedell , the suspected Pentagon shooter , was pegged as a 9/11 truther hours after the shooting in Washington .
An article entitled “ September 11 conspiracy theorist opens fire at Pentagon ” by Sophie Tedmanson was posted on the Times Online website at approximately at 4 AM Eastern time this morning , several hours after the shooting occurred .
Associated Press finds audio of Bedell ’s political ranting .
“ A 9/11 conspiracy theorist walked up to two policemen at the Pentagon yesterday , pulled out a handgun and opened fire at point - blank range , ” Tedmanson wrote hours after the event .
Tedmanson ’s choice of words leaves the reader believing Bedell was inspired to assault the police due to his belief that 9/11 was an inside job .
KCRA , a news station affiliated with Hearst Television , reported the alleged 9/11 angle at 8:24 PST , several hours after the event .
An earlier report posted on the KCRA website mentioned the shooting at the Army ’s Fort Hood base in Texas but did not mention 9/11 .
The later post was edited at 11:18 PST , so it is not clear if the 9/11 mention appeared in the original post .
Regardless , the corporate media has exploited Bedell ’s comments and has shifted into overdrive and is now portraying the 9/11 truth movement as a violent threat .
{openx:49}
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Some time ago UBS economist Paul Donovan claimed that hyperinflation as a policy tool to inflate away a staggering debt load ( for those of you who have missed all the recent musings by SocGen 's Edwards and Grice , this is precisely the situation the developed world countries , not to mention the STUPIDs , find themselves in right now ) is unworkable due to the impacts this type of concerted action would have on broader markets .
" The idea that governments can readily inflate their way out of their debt problems is a misnomer — arising , perhaps , from confusion between the fate of the individual bondholder and the response of the collective market ...
[ M] odern governments can not rely on markets to remain collectively indifferent to inflation .
Inflation will raise the nominal cost of borrowing ( of course ) but through the inflation uncertainty risk premium it will also add to the real cost of borrowing . "
Yet a recently declassified paper by the IMF 's Guillermo Calvo " Is Inflation Effective for Liquidating Short - Term Nominal Debt ? " ( a document which was previously not for public use ) comes to a frighteningly different conclusion , one which could imply that the last weapon in the Fed's , and the administration 's arsenal , could very well be just this heretofore unthinkable " bazooka approach " previously thought only possible in such developing countries as Korea and Venezuela .
The crux of Donovan 's thesis focuses on the average duration of a portfolio of government securities , which in a normal world would have a predisposition to longer - dated securities .
" The fundamental obstacle to governments eroding their debt through inflation is the duration of the government debt portfolio .
If all outstanding debt had ten years before it matured , then governments could inflate their way out of the debt burden .
Inflation would ravage bond holders , and governments ( with no need to roll over existing debt for a decade ) could create inflation with impunity , secure in the knowledge that existing bond holders could do nothing to punish them . "
Setting aside for a second the fact that over the past year the government 's Treasury holdings have focused on the short - dated side of the curve ( with Bills hitting 40 % of all marketable debt recently ) , which would make Donovan 's case much harder to prove as it indicates that the Treasury may well be anticipating the need for a ( hyper ) inflation event , the core issue remains unresolved : when all else fails , the only optionality is precisely inflating .
The various administration offices would not think twice if indeed the country , and the private sector , were to reach a point where half or more of their revenue was going to cover just interest expenses - a ratio suicidal for any economic activity ( the fact that no banks are lending any money for now is beside the point ) .
A declassified paper by the IMF , which has recently gained prominence as the last backstop in a Greek bailout , should the EU balk at providing assistance to the country , authored by Guillermo A. Calvo , titled " Is Inflation Effective for Liquidating Short - Term Nominal Debt ? " provides a dramatically different perspective than that of the presumably idealistic Donovan .
In essence , the paper claims , should a country impose a dramatic surprise devaluation that is big enough " not expected to be followed by further devaluation can reduce the real value of the debt through both inflation and lower nominal interest rates ( because no future devaluation is expected ) . "
Ah , the power of the crowd 's ( flawed ) assumptions , so well utilized by the administration currently , which hopes that the consumer class will " expect " things to get back to normal and the old Ponzi regime can resume .
Paradoxically , Calvo's claim is that should there be a preponderance of short - maturity debt , the expectation matrix would be one that makes devaluation less favorable as market actors would expect a devaluation , thereby reducing the impact of any such action .
This basically takes Donovan 's thesis and puts in practical terms :
Short - maturity nominal debt may not necessarily remove the temptation to devalue in order to lessen the debt - service tax burden .
Thus , to the extent that the private sector is aware of the temptation to provoke a surprise devaluation , the temptation will be taken into account by a rise in nominal interest rates .
This will increase the fiscal deficit and may actually be a primary force behind a currency devaluation .
Therefore , the existence of nominal debt obligations may give rise to a devaluation inflation cycle fueled by expectations .
More observations on the role of expectations :
The mere fact that people expects a devaluation to occur increases the rate of accumulation of government debt , thus giving incentives to devalue in order to get rid of the debt ( at least , partially ) , except possibly in the extreme case discussed at the end of previous paragraph .
It is , therefore , conceivable that expectations play a crucial role in the determination of the final devaluation / inflation outcome .
To be sure , debt inflation is not the only outcome .
Even the IMF hints at the existence of " more sociall painful types of debt repudiation . "
It is important to note that the inflation / devaluation bomb could be largely defused if all debt was indexed to the price level .
This type of indexation , incidentally , should not be confused with floating rate nominal debt , since the latter is formally equivalent to the debt instruments that we have been discussing ( and which , as shown above , could be partially liquidated through inflation ) .
Price indexation removes by definition all incentives to inflate in order to get rid of the debt ( unless , of course , the government plays tricks with the price index ) .
From this point of view , thus , debt indexation to the price level may provide an additional , and maybe even powerful , medicine to fighting the credibility gap .
It goes without saying , however , that inflation is just one many debt - liquidation instruments .
Hence , removing its tentacles does not ensure that the government will not resort to other , perhaps more socially painful , types of debt repudiation .
Calvo's very troubling conclusion to those who still do n't see what the possible endgame for the Fed may be :
The main message coming out of this paper is that inflation may be an effective instrument to get rid of an unduly high level of outstanding public debt .
This was shown to be the case even when the monetary authorities are unable to provoke unexpected inflation , and bonds are of instant maturity ...
A once - and - for - all devaluation will give rise to inflation but will not necessarily lead to an increase in the nominal interest rate .
This decoupling of interest rates and inflation restores the debt - liquidation power of the latter .
The bad news of the paper is that short maturities , although a possible reaction to inflationary expectations and imperfect policy credibility ( see Spaventa ( 1987 ) ) , are not a sure way to discourage inflation as a debt repudiation device .
Therefore , the existence of a relatively large stock of nominal public debt may very well give rise to the suspicion that the government might try to use inflation to reduce the social cost of servicing the debt .
Consequently , the public is likely to try to cover itself against partial repudiation by requiring an interest rate larger than under full credibility .
An easy solution to multiple expectations - led equilibria is to index debt instruments to the price level .
But for that to really work , all the other mechanisms of debt repudiation must also be disabled .
Otherwise , debt indexation , like the removal of a safety valve , may generate even more serious cracks in the system .
Is the IMF paper a harbinger of policy to come ?
While Donovan is correct in principle , the opportunity cost , should debt levels become insurmountable , of a devaluation will likely be actively considered by all financial " experts " in the administration .
Coupled with a prevalent expectation that this kind of action , especially in light of Donovan 's analysis , and coupled with a short - maturity focused debt curve , means that the likelihood of just such a policy is becoming increasingly likely .
Full declassified IMF paper link ( and Scribd below ) .
Washington ( CNN ) --
Increased cooperation with the United States in the fight against Mexican drug cartels is vital , but American agents will always be limited on their actions in the country , Mexico 's interior ministry said Wednesday .
The statement was part of a flurry of reaffirmations of where the United States and Mexico stand with each other in relation to anti-drug operations in Mexico , spurred by a Washington Post report that U.S. agents would be embedded with Mexican law enforcement units .
The newspaper , citing unnamed officials from both countries , posited that the unprecedented levels of violence in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , is pushing the neighboring nations to cooperate ever closer .
Military and municipal police spokesmen in Juarez said they had read the report , but they officially had no comment on coordinated efforts .
Diplomatic officials denied there are plans to have American intelligence officials embedded with Mexican units .
" I want to absolutely clarify that the United States does not have operations in Mexico , [ and ] does n't have field agents from U.S. security forces that are operating in Mexico , " U.S. Ambassador to Mexico Carlos Pascual said .
" What we have are people who work there as advisers to share intelligence information , something that is absolutely normal between the two sides and something we have done for a long time . "
His counterpart , Mexican Ambassador to the United States Arturo Sarukhan , said , " At no point do we intend to infringe , violate or modify the laws that govern the presence of foreign agents , in this case Americans . "
Mexican law has explicit rules about what foreign agents in their country can and cannot do .
According to the interior ministry , foreign functionaries in Mexico can only share information and coordinate with their Mexican counterparts .
" These rules have not been modified nor has their modification been contemplated , " the statement said .
The ministry added that combating organized crime in Mexico is a shared responsibility between the two countries , and that increased cooperation , within the framework of current laws , is a desired thing .
" International cooperation is a complementary factor to national efforts , " the statement said .
U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration spokesman Lawrence Payne echoed that statement .
" We 've worked together on historically successful cases and record - breaking numbers of extraditions , " he said .
" We have assisted them and supported them as much as possible .
Nothing has changed from our standpoint . "
CNN 's Carol Cratty , Nick Valencia and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .
For your pledge amount of $ 500 or more , GSJ will offer a private performance for your event !*
This is a great option for an intimate event such as an art gallery opening .
Choose from either our gender wayang ensemble or San Francisco 's own Gamelan Kori Mas bamboo group ( http://gamelankorimas.com).
Visit GSJ 's website for additional audio samples at http://gsj.org/sights-sounds.
* Event date must take place in 2011 ; event location must be the greater SF Bay Area .
Less
Mozilla 's mobile Firefox browser is coming to Google 's Linux - based Android operating system .
Although the porting effort is still at an early stage of development , it is moving forward swiftly .
Mozilla 's developers achieved an important milestone this week by demonstrating that the browser can run on the Nexus One smartphone .
Due to the highly experimental status of the project , Mozilla has not yet published packages for testing , but that did n't deter us from getting our grubby mitts on the goods .
As our readers know , we just can't resist the doughy flavor of half - baked software , and we will gladly brave the bugs for a chance to taste test the new hotness before it really heats up .
In order to get our own hands - on look at Firefox on Android , we had to compile it from source code .
About Android and the NDK
Although Android is a Linux - based platform , it has its own totally unique userspace environment that is built on top of a custom Java runtime .
Android applications are typically coded in Java and compiled into Google 's own bytecode format so that they can be executed on Android 's Dalvik virtual machine .
Due to the somewhat insular and alien design of the Android userspace stack , porting a conventional Linux application to the platform is a highly complex and non-trivial effort .
Mozilla got the job done with Android 's Native Development Kit ( NDK ) .
Developers use the NDK to compile C and C++ source code into native ARM binaries that can be loaded and used by standard Java - based Android applications .
The purpose of the NDK is principally to make it possible for application developers to use native code for performance - critical computing tasks that would be impractical to perform on Dalvik .
One of the secondary advantages of the NDK is that it allows developers to port and reuse existing C and C++ code .
Components that are compiled with the NDK can be used and integrated into an Android Java application via the Java Native Interface ( JNI ) , a framework that serves as a bridge between a Java virtual machine and native code .
Native code functions can be exported through JNI and made accessible to higher - level Java applications .
How the Firefox port works
To make Firefox run on Android , Mozilla modified the Firefox browser 's Gecko rendering engine so that it could be compiled with the NDK and used in an Android application through the JNI .
Gecko is one of the core components of Firefox 's underlying architecture .
It handles parsing , layout , drawing , and much of the other functionality that is needed to display and support interaction with a webpage .
In addition to rendering Web content , the Gecko engine is also used to render Firefox 's user interface , which is described with an XML markup language called XUL .
Mozilla wrote a very small amount of Java code that is used as glue to make the native Gecko components accessible as an application in the Android environment .
This code can be found in the embedding / android directory of the Firefox for Android source code .
You can see how it works by having a look at the GeckoApp.java file .
The GeckoApp class is an Android Activity that handles the basic window layout and component initialization .
The GeckoAppShell class loads the native libraries and starts running a Gecko engine in a thread .
The GeckoSurfaceView class is an Android drawing buffer on which Gecko will render the page content and application user interface .
The surface is embedded in the GeckoApp activity and painted to the screen .
The surface is also responsible for relaying input events , such as screen taps and key - presses , to the underlying engine .
It 's really important to understand that Gecko is used to draw the entire browser .
In the Android port of Firefox , the menus , toolbars , and dialogs are all coded with XUL and rendered by Gecko instead of being built with standard Android widgets .
If Mozilla wanted to , they could build the user interface with real Android widgets and rely on Gecko solely for rendering Web content ( an approach that is similar to the one used by Maemo 's MicroB browser ) , but there are a number of highly compelling advantages offered by XUL that make it more desirable for a mobile Firefox browser .
The principal advantage of using XUL for the mobile browser 's user interface is that it is more conducive to supporting Firefox 's much - loved add - ons .
One of the downsides of XUL as an independent , cross - platform toolkit , is that it does n't automatically match the look - and - feel of other applications on any given platform .
Mozilla compensates for this deficiency on the desktop by using the underlying platform 's theming APIs to make the XUL widgets mimic the appearance of their native counterparts .
In mobile environments , Mozilla has taken a somewhat different approach with widget styles .
Mozilla 's developers have built a unique user interface with XUL that is tailored for small form factors and touch interaction , but does n't necessarily bear a resemblance to the underlying platform .
This tactic has delivered pretty slick results on Maemo .
This custom mobile interface has n't yet been adapted for use by the Android port , however , which is currently using the same XUL templates as the desktop version of Firefox .
This looks silly on a mobile device , but it 's a temporary measure that is suitable for testing purposes at the present time .
Mozilla says that the style that is used by Firefox Mobile on the N900 will eventually be used for the Android port .
This month ’s Frontiers in Ecology and the Environment has a brief article about a new proposed conservation strategy that seems perfect for a Southern Fried Science ethical debate .
Northern spotted owls ( Strix occidentalis caurina ) are one of the most famous endangered species in the United States .
While solutions to the destruction of their habitat by logging have been debated for years , a new threat has been recently identified - encroachment on their limited habitat by another species of owl ( the barred owl , Strix varia ) .
Some conservationists now believe that we need to kill barred owls to protect spotted owls .
Bob Sallinger , the Conservation Director of Portland ’s Audubon Society , explains why this is such a tricky issue :
“ Shooting hundreds , perhaps thousands of barred owls , in perpetuity , is a horrible thing to contemplate – but the [ possible ] extinction of the spotted owl is also profoundly difficult to accept ” , he said .
Barred owls are not endangered .
It is likely that without habitat restoration and removal of barred owls , the Northern spotted owl will go extinct .
According to the article , the US Fish and Wildlife Service expects to make a decision on whether or not to attempt small - scale barred owl removal experiments within a few months .
They have also hired an ethicist to help sort out this problem .
Do you think it is acceptable to kill large numbers of a non-endangered species in order to prevent the extinction of an endangered similar species ?
Do you think it is acceptable to allow an endangered species to go extinct by choosing to not kill a similar non-endangered species ?
Do you think it should be within the authority of endangered species management bodies to kill animals that threaten those endangered species , or does killing animals go against the point of conservation ?
Is this a dangerous precedent or an innovative new conservation idea ?
The article does note that without a workable plan for restoring the old - growth forest habitat , even removing all the barred owls from the spotted owl habitat wo n’t help .
Let ’s assume for the sake of this discussion that there is a plan in place to restore old - growth forest habitat for the spotted owls , and only focus on the killing of barred owls .
~ WhySharksMatter
2010 promises to be a significant year for US immigration .
A number of new bills and proposed legislation could change US immigration procedures for millions of immigrants seeking permanent resident status in this country as well as US citizenship .
In early 2010 , President Barack Obama addressed immigration in a general way during his State of the Union speech by saying : “ we should continue the work of fixing our broken immigration system to secure our borders and enforce our laws and ensure that everyone who plays by the rules can contribute to our economy and enrich our nation . ”
However , immigrations experts and authorities disagree over the exact changes we can expect to US immigration laws and policies .
There are currently a few pieces of legislation or proposed legislation which could have an impact on immigration in 2010 : The Dream Act , the L1 Visa Reform Bill and H1B Visa Reform Bill , and the Comprehensive Immigration Reform ( CIR ) .
The Dream Act , also known as the Development , Relief , and Education for Alien Minors ( DREAM ) Act of 2009 ( HR1751 ) , would amend the Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 if passed .
The 1996 legislation did not allow immigrants without legal immigration status the right to higher education in many cases .
If passed , the Dream Act would give states the power to offer higher education to immigrants without legal immigrant status , even if those immigrants did not meet state residency requirements .
It also allows immigrants without legal status to be granted conditional permanent resident status in a number of specific circumstances .
The H1B Visa Reform Bill and L1 Visa Reform bill ( S. 887 ) is a reform of the controversial H1B program , which allows employers to secure special visas to immigrant workers .
Under the H1B program , employers are allowed to hire foreign workers if equivalent US workers are not to be found .
However , some employers abuse the program , hiring mostly H1B workers , making no attempts to find local workers , and posting ads looking for “ H1B workers only . ”
If passed in 2010 , the H1B Visa Reform Bill , sponsored by Senator Chuck Grassley and Senate Majority Leader Dick Durbin , would prohibit such abuses .
Comprehensive Immigration Reform ( CIR ) is represented in the Comprehensive Immigration Reform for America ’s Security and Prosperity ( CIR ASAP ) Act of 2009 ( HR 4321 ) .
This act , which has caused much debate , is sponsored by Rep. Louis Gutierrez , Solomon Ortiz , and dozens of Democratic representatives .
If passed in 2010 , the bill would offer legalization or amnesty for immigrants in the US who do not have legal immigrant status .
Currently , estimates of the number of immigrants in the US without legal immigration status vary widely .
Some experts estimate there are eight million illegal immigrants in the US while other experts estimate there are up to 30 million illegal immigrants in the country .
CIR has sparked tremendous debate and will likely continue to be controversial in 2010 .
Supporters of the bill claim that the bill makes it easier for employers to find qualified and affordable workers and ensures that entire families are not penalized because they arrive in the US without legal immigration status .
Opponents of the bill allege that the legislation , if passed , will only encourage illegal immigration .
Boron
This element is how Borax got the first half of its name .
Boron is used for industrial purposes to strengthen carbon fibers , and it helps to make fiberglass .
Boron is an extremely versatile element and is actually used for a variety of industrial purposes .
Figs and fig wasps have lived in symbioses for centuries — wasps lay their eggs in figs , and pollinate the trees as recompense .
But it 's not all altruism .
The trees will fight back if the wasps renege on the deal .
Advertisement
The symbiotic relationship has been in existence for around 80 million years , with the wasps stashing their eggs in the fig fruits where they can develop safely , and pollinating the plants in return for the service .
This relationship is so functional that there are over 700 different figs and wasp species pairs that engage in it .
So what 's to stop the wasp from reneging on their side of the deal , and leaving the fig to its own devices — effectively shifting from a symbiotic to a parasitic relationship ?
It turns out the fig trees have a surprisingly effective trick up their branches .
Advertisement
If the wasps do n't do their duty , the trees respond by enacting a sanction — aborting their fruit , killing off the teeming mass of baby wasps .
A new study of this killer tree phenomenon , published in Proceedings of the Royal Society B comes from Cornell University and The Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute , shows that negative reinforcement may be an important part of symbiotic relationships .
Pollination by wasp comes in two varieties : passive and active .
With passive pollination the wasps carry pollen that happens to stick to their bodies ; where with active pollination they collect pollen in special pouches to deliver to the flowers .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
With the passive pairings , the fig trees abort their fruit far less often than with active pairs .
In the actively pollinating groups , the tree species that tend to enforce sanctions less often have a higher occurrence of freeloader wasps , who take advantage of the figs without doing any of the work .
Inversely , by using the sanction option more frequently , some fig species have a lower incidence of non-pollinating insects .
Lead author of the study Charlotte Jandér said :
Sanctions seem to be a necessary force in keeping this and other mutually beneficial relationships on track when being part of a mutualism is costly .
In our study , we saw less cheating when sanctions were stronger .
Similar results have been found among human societies and social insects .
It is very appealing to think that the same general principles could help maintain cooperation both within and among species .
Advertisement
via Proceedings of the Royal Society B [ full scientific paper ] and Cornell University [ release ]
Image Copyright Christian Ziegler , via Cornell University
Although sceptics have been gnawing away at the credibility of climate science for years , over the last five months they have made enormous leaps owing to the hacking of emails from the Climate Research Unit at the University of East Anglia and the discovery of a number of alleged mistakes in the benchmark reports of the IPCC .
While the " revelations " have been milked for all they are worth , and a lot more , the science remains rock solid .
If instead of cherry - picking two or three that lend themselves to spin , you read the 1000 or so emails that were posted on a Russian server the picture that emerges is one of an enormously dedicated group of men and women doing their best to carry out research of the highest quality .
If there were a conspiracy among scientists to manipulate the truth , you would expect the evidence to be there in spades in these private emails .
But it 's not .
Instead they show scientists working their backsides off to do good science , with email exchanges stopping briefly on Christmas Eve to be resumed on Boxing Day , with apologies to colleagues for taking time out to have surgery or get married , all with a sub - text of worry about the implications of their work for the future of humanity .
Rather than cover-ups , we read private emails from one scientist to Phil Jones , the CRU head who has been forced to step down pending an inquiry , saying he has been watching the sceptics blogs and , anticipating misrepresentation , says " this last aspect needs to be tackled more candidly in AR4 than in the SOD , and we need to discuss how to do this " .
Others show them bending over backwards to be open .
Before the leak of the CRU emails , one colleague emailed others in response to attacks by sceptics on Phil Jones :
" The sad thing here is that Phil Jones is one of the true gentlemen of our field .
I have known Phil for most of my scientific career .
He is the antithesis of the secretive , " data destroying " character the CEI and Michaels are trying to portray to the outside world . "
And the emails reveal the enormous external pressure they were under .
They show they were constantly accused of being frauds and cheats ; their work was twisted and misrepresented ; and they were bombarded with vexatious freedom of information requestsorchestrated by denialists .
In short , they were caught up in a hot political debate that they did not really understand or want to be part of , yet they were the target of savvy , secretive and ruthless organisations ready to pounce on anything they said or wrote .
This is the real story exposed of " Climategate " .
Instead , the scientists in question have seen their professional reputations trashed in the world 's media for no cause , to the point where Phil Jones has been on the verge of suicide .
It has been the most egregious and unfounded attack on the integrity of a profession we have ever seen .
Yet the science remains rock solid
Since the leaking of the CRU emails the worldwide press have reported a series of " mistakes " in the IPCC reports that have allowed the denial lobby to claim that the entire IPCC process and the body of climate science should be junked .
It turns out that almost all of the mistakes are fabrications .
How could this have happened ?
The first and only significant error identified in the IPCC report is the claim that 80 per cent of Himalayan glaciers are very likely to disappear by 2035 .
This was a serious mistake for a scientific report that should not have got through the review process .
But let 's be very clear about its significance :
The error occurred in Volume 2 of the Fourth Assessment Report ( AR4 ) , the volume on the impacts of climate change .
Volume 1 reports and assesses the physical basis for climate science , including projections of warming .
Chapter 4 contains an extensive discussion of glaciers , snow and ice .
Projections for glaciers are also discussed in Chapter 10 .
No one has challenged any of the statements in these chapters , prepared by teams including the world 's leading glaciologists , which carefully lay out what is known .
The error occurred in Volume 2 of the Fourth Assessment Report ( AR4 ) , the volume on the impacts of climate change .
Volume 1 reports and assesses the physical basis for climate science , including projections of warming .
Chapter 4 contains an extensive discussion of glaciers , snow and ice .
Projections for glaciers are also discussed in Chapter 10 .
No one has challenged any of the statements in these chapters , prepared by teams including the world 's leading glaciologists , which carefully lay out what is known .
The erroneous " 2035 " claim was nowhere highlighted by the IPCC .
It appeared neither in the chapter summary , the report summary or the crucial Summary for Policymakers .
In no sense was it a central claim of the IPCC report , as some newspapers have said .
The erroneous " 2035 " claim was nowhere highlighted by the IPCC .
It appeared neither in the chapter summary , the report summary or the crucial Summary for Policymakers .
In no sense was it a central claim of the IPCC report , as some newspapers have said .
It was a glaring error that should have been picked up earlier , but it was so deeply buried in the report that denialists around the world , with all of their supposed scientific expertise , did not pick it up for two years .
In fact , they did not pick it up at all ; it was first pointed out by Georg Kaser and others .
Kaser is an eminent glacier expert who was a lead author of Chapter 4 in Volume 1 .
Although mistakes like this one should not occur , to suggest that it has any bearing on the credibility of the science of AR4 is absurd .
The more remarkable fact is that so few errors have been identified in AR4 , and none at all in the crucial Volume 1 which sets out the physical basis for climate change .
On page 493 of Volume 2 , where the " 2035 " mistake occurs , I count 20 factual claims that are falsifiable .
Multiply that by the 3,000 or so pages in AR4 and you can see how utterly trivial that single mistake is .
But have n't many more mistakes been found in AR4 ?
No .
The only other claimed error that has any substance is the statement that " 55 % of its [ the Netherlands ] territory is below sea- level " .
This figure was supplied by the Dutch Government .
It is slightly misleading because the correct statement is that 55 % per cent of the Netherlands is at risk of flooding , although the Dutch Ministry of Transport says that 60 % of the country is below the high water level .
The confusion may have implications for the Netherlands ' dike planning but has no bearing whatever on the science of climate change .
There are three additional " errors " in AR4 that have attracted press attention and sparked denialist frenzies .
They are analysed on the Realclimate website .
" Africagate " refers to the claim that AR4 overstated the potential decline in crop yields in Africa .
The figures in AR4 have since been shown to be an accurate assessment .
" Africagate " refers to the claim that AR4 overstated the potential decline in crop yields in Africa .
The figures in AR4 have since been shown to be an accurate assessment .
" Disastergate " is the allegation that the IPCC erroneously attributed some of the rising costs of disasters to climate change .
In fact , the section in question is hedged around with caution and the expert whose work was said to be misused by the IPCC has declared that the IPCC has fairly represented his findings .
" Disastergate " is the allegation that the IPCC erroneously attributed some of the rising costs of disasters to climate change .
In fact , the section in question is hedged around with caution and the expert whose work was said to be misused by the IPCC has declared that the IPCC has fairly represented his findings .
" Amazongate " , a story that opened with the claim : " A startling report by the United Nations climate watchdog that global warming might wipe out 40 % of the Amazon rainforest was based on an unsubstantiated claim by green campaigners who had little scientific expertise " .
The story is plain wrong , with the expert on whose work the IPCC relied stating that the information is correct , although the referencing is incomplete .
Apart from the fact that these three " gates " are beat - ups with no basis in their criticism of the IPCC , they have one feature in common - the stories were all written by Jonathan Leake , science and environment editor of The Sunday Times .
Leake has close links with deniers and in fact based these stories directly on wild and unsubstantiated claims by sceptic bloggers , as uncovered by Tim Holmes .
In the case of Amazongate , Leake had been informed by another expert that , while the referencing was inadequate , the claim in AR4 is correct and , if anything , an understatement .
But Leake disregarded this and quoted that same expert in his story to exactly the reverse effect , as if he were a severe critic of the IPCC .
On the role of Leake I can do no better than quote Tim Holmes :
" While it is wholly unsurprising that the denial lobby should be attempting to push baseless and misleading stories to the press , what is surprising is the press 's willingness to swallow them .
In this case , two experts in the relevant field told a Times journalist explicitly that , in spite of a minor referencing error , the IPCC had got its facts right .
That journalist simply ignored them .
Instead , he deliberately put out the opposite line - one fed to him by a prominent climate change denier - as fact .
The implications are deeply disturbing , not only for our prospects of tackling climate change , but for basic standards of honesty and integrity in journalism . "
Leake 's stories have been reproduced in the other Murdoch broadsheets , The Australianand the Wall Street Journal and of course have been amplified on Fox News , and are themselves now being referred to as " Leakegate " .
Bloggers and columnists , who attack climate science without ever opening an IPCC report or speaking to a real climate scientists , imagine that the body of climate science is a house of cards , and taking away one or two will cause it to collapse .
In fact the scientific case for global warming is like a mountain built up by adding one rock at a time over many years .
Even if all of the alleged errors were true it would amount to picking off a handful of rocks from the top of the mountain , leaving the rest unchanged and unmoved .
Yet these alleged mistakes - non-existent or trivial - with no implications whatever for the robustness of climate science have been deployed in a sophisticated campaign to blacken the reputations of the scientists responsible for alerting us to the perils of global warming .
Perception versus reality
Unfortunately , the chorus of declarations that the climate scientists got it wrong has had no impact on the earth 's climate .
Indeed , those who study the climate itself rather than the bogus debate in the newspapers and the blogosphere understand that climate science and popular perceptions of climate science are diverging rapidly , not least because the news on the former is getting worse .
Soon after AR4 appeared in early 2007 , those familiar with the science began to say that as a result of the consensus process and the natural caution of scientists , the Fourth Assessment Report had seriously understated the risks from climate change , particularly in its selection of scenarios and its estimates of likely sea - level rise .
Rather than rehearse the evidence for these warnings , well known to those who follow the science , let me make mention of a number of developments in climate science that have been published or reported in the five months since the leaking of the Climategate emails .
It is evidence that warming is more alarming than previously thought yet which has been buried in the avalanche of confected stories claiming that climate scientists have exaggerated .
I have tried to find some new studies that go the other way in the hope I can counterbalance this bleak story , but have not succeeded .
Over the last five months , a vast gulf has opened up between the media - stoked perception that the climate science has been exaggerated and the research - driven evidence that the true situation is worse than we thought .
Just when we should be urging immediate and deep cuts in global greenhouse gas emissions , the public is being lulled into disbelief , scepticism and apathy by a sustained and politically driven assault on the credibility of climate science .
For this we will all pay dearly .
Tomorrow :
Where are the defenders of science ?
Si yo viviera en Marte , vería atractivo a México .
No hay dos Méxicos , hay muchos Méxicos y en todos hay oportunidades , dice Gustavo Tomé , presidente de los Fondos Némesis y Da Vinci y de Fibra Plus .
Hay un futuro incierto , pero la incertidumbre genera oportunidades (... ) hay tareas claves que ya se hicieron , dice Tomé , un empresario de 40 años , que comenzó a hacer negocios a los 17 , una edad en la que la mayoría está escogiendo su carrera .
Nació en Irapuato y estudió Física , la cual no tiene una aplicación directa en mis negocios , pero me ayudó a no tenerle miedo a sistemas complejos , explica .
Sus puntos de vista van contracorriente , ve mucho futuro en el sector inmobiliario y está desinvirtiendo de fintech .
Estamos haciendo la salida en una inversión que hicimos en el 2014 .
Online lending está saturado .
Ser disruptor es muy difícil .
Con frecuencia hay copias del modelo .
Haces algo y hay 500 que vienen detrás de ti , que se irán comiendo mercado , afirma en entrevista .
Tomé exuda entusiasmo por el sector inmobiliario .
Al respecto dice que se están generando nuevas oportunidades porque los usos y costumbres de aprovechamiento del real estate están cambiando .
Antes , un edificio era ocupado completo por una sola empresa ; luego pasamos a una situación donde eran dos o tres pisos por empresa , cinco para todo un edificio .
Ahora tenemos los modelos de coworking , donde puede haber hasta 50 empresas por piso (... ) El crecimiento del comercio electrónico generará muchos cambios .
Nuevos usos del espacio , comenta .
Fibra Plus
Uno de sus más proyectos más recientes es Fibra Plus .
Es el primer fibra de desarrollo inmobiliario .
Nosotros levantamos capital para generar valor en el desarrollo del proyecto .
Es una fase que genera muchísimo valor , que se complementa con lo que genera el arrendamiento .
Nuestro enfoque es de rentabilidad .
No queremos hacer edificios icónicos ni tener las mejores esquinas .
El potencial del sector inmobiliario en los mercados de capital es enorme , asegura :
El valor de los activos de todos los fibras y CKD no debe pasar de los 20 o 25,000 millones de dólares .
Esa cantidad es relativamente baja .
México da para más , hay oportunidades para inversionistas de diferentes tamaños .
La entrada a Bolsa , a través de Fibra Plus , fue un paso natural en el desarrollo de su grupo : La entrada a Bolsa permitió racionalizar la estructura de mis empresas .
Nos permitió atraer a otros jugadores , ir más allá de los socios tradicionales que teníamos , amigos cercanos y familia .
Encontrar socios institucionales , más grandes , mejor regulados , con mejores gobiernos corporativos y sobre todo más eficiencia .
Estar en la Bolsa produce incentivos para resolver temas complicados : La entrada a la BMV nos dio también una estructura de sucesión .
Nunca lo he comentado .
Cuando murió mi papá , él era socio de sus hermanos , al separarlos se destruyó muchísimo valor .
Algo parecido me pasó al separarme de mi hermano .
Volvimos a destruir valor .
Las empresas que llegan a ser muy grandes , lo consiguen porque se mantienen unidas .
Gustavo Tomé abunda en el tema de las rupturas , como si fuera una obsesión : ¿ Qué pasa cuando los representantes de las estructuras de capital no se ponen de acuerdo ? (... ) las empresas se empiezan a hacer pedazos .
Si inviertes 1,000 millones no tienes la misma capacidad que si inviertes 200 millones , 100 millones o 50 millones .
Tienes diferentes grados de potencia , diferente acceso a oportunidades .
De manera muy concreta describe su organización : Tenemos una estructura con gobiernos corporativos muy profesionales .
Son rígidos en cuanto a principios , pero flexibles en operación , con mucha transparencia .
Las cosas se tienen que hacer bien , aunque no esté yo , las cosas deben seguir funcionando .
Fibra Plus , en análisis para adquirir dos centros comerciales
Fibra Plus adquirió por 78 millones de pesos un edificio de oficinas , de Seguros Monterrey New York Life , en Guadalajara , Jalisco .
Está adquisición no viene sola .
El fideicomiso , que preside el empresario Gustavo Tomé , está en proceso de análisis y revisión la compra de dos centros comerciales , uno en Río Verde , San Luis Potosí y otro en Autlán , Jalisco , cuya resolución informará en las próximas semanas .
Arcos , el edificio de oficinas que compró a la aseguradora , se ubica en Jalisco , estado que recibe 17 % de la inversión inmobiliaria del país .
El inmueble se pagó en efectivo con recursos del capital levantado , 1,811 millones de pesos , con la oferta pública en la Bolsa Mexicana de Valores .
Será el primer activo de Fibra Plus que generará ingresos por rentas en este año , estimando arrendamientos del orden de 14 millones de pesos anuales .
Ahora está en proceso de remodelación para hacerlo rentable , se estima que dure aproximadamente cinco meses .
Comprende una área de 7,235 metros cuadrados de construcción , de los cuales 5,824 son área rentable .
El portafolio de propiedades , cinco centros comerciales y cuatro edificios de oficinas , se encuentra en diferentes etapas de desarrollo conforme a los tiempos comprometidos , con una inversión equivalente a 1,322.2 millones de pesos , situado mayormente en la Ciudad de México y Guadalajara .
Seguimos analizando muchas oportunidades y estas tres son parte de esa segunda cosecha de propiedades , aseguró el presidente del Fideicomiso de Inversión en Bienes Raíces ( Fibra ) .
valores@eleconomista.mx
Chris Atkinson said he would not cover up the names on his chest Robinho 's departure from Manchester has left one man feeling particularly blue - die - hard fan Chris Atkinson has the Brazilian 's name tattooed on his chest .
And to make matters worse the tribute is etched next to another Samba star who never even signed for the club .
Mr Atkinson , 26 , of Altrincham , got a Kaka tattoo soon after the Blues lodged a £ 100 m bid - only for him to sign for Real Madrid .
The part - time Hollyoaks actor said he was " gutted " Robinho had left City .
" I got the Kaka tattoo and got quoted saying I 'd get Robinho done next , " said Mr Atkinson , who also works in a pub in Timperley .
" My mate had a bet with me that I would n't get it done - so I did it . "
I 'll just wait until I have kids and call them Robinho and Kaka
Chris Atkinson
The Brazil international , who cost a record - breaking £ 32.4 m when he signed for City , is joining his former club Santos on a six - month loan .
The 26 - year - old forward has made only sporadic appearances this season and scored his first goal in City 's 4 - 2 FA Cup win over Scunthorpe .
Mr Atkinson , who has about 25 tattoos , was mocked by his friends for the Kaka tattoo but is unrepentant over his Robinho ink .
" He was quality ; I 'm gutted he 's gone , " he said .
" It 's only a loan deal , so you never know he might come back .
" But they 're saying in the papers that he 's kicked his last ball for City , so I do n't know . "
Despite his departure Mr Atkinson will not be covering up the names on his chest , which are displayed alongside genuine City legend Shaun Goater .
" I 'll just wait until I have kids and call them Robinho and Kaka , " added Mr Atkinson , who currently does not have a girlfriend .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Anton Mikarov , developer at Sony ’s R&D department , showed off a new tech demonstration for Sony ’s upcoming Motion Sensing controller , PlayStation Move , at the Engadget Live Show which might remind you of the interactive User Interface in Minority Report .
Anton also showed interesting ways to use and interact with on screen virtual objects which again has shades of Johnny Lee ’s Head Tracking demo using the WiiRemote ( Johnny Lee is currently working on Natal at Microsoft ) .
Check out the full demo below
Stoner :
Move the stones to appease the ancient gods !
There is one obvious solution for Israel 's West Bank settlements that has been all but completely overlooked :
Let the settlers continue living where they are , but in the state of Palestine .
As a conception , it 's stunningly simple .
Its very obviousness has rendered it invisible , like something in one 's field of vision that goes unnoticed because it has been there all the time .
If over one million Palestinian Arabs can live as they do in towns and villages all over Israel , why can not a few hundred thousand Israeli Jews live , ...
Most of us probably do n't put too much thought into our cars ' names .
Sure , we 'll take the wheel of a Toyota or a Chevrolet , but how did those cars pick up their monikers ?
Let 's take a look at a few that are n't quite as obvious as the Ford name .
1. Nissan
The company we now know as Nissan got its start in 1914 as DAT Motorcar .
The " DAT "  name came from the first initial of the three founders ' family names .
In 1931 , DAT introduced a new small car they called the Datson , which later morphed into " Datsun . " 
Meanwhile , businessman Yoshisuke Aikawa founded an industrial holding company in 1928 and named his new venture Nippon Sangyo .
( The name loosely translates into " Japan Industries . "  )
Aikawa 's company bought out DAT in 1931 , and eventually the Nippon Sangyo name became abbreviated as Nissan .
Some drivers may remember cruising around in Datsuns before they ever got behind the wheel of a Nissan .
What prompted the name change ?
Until the early 1980s , the Datsun badge appeared on the cars Nissan exported out of Japan .
In 1981 , though , Nissan execs announced that they were changing this practice in order to strengthen global awareness of the Nissan brand .
Thus , you can't buy a Datsun Z anymore , but you can get the keys to a Nissan one .
2. Toyota
Toyota did n't start out as a car company .
It was n't called Toyota , either .
In 1926 , Sakichi Toyoda founded the Toyoda Automatic Loom Works , a company that made looms , not cars .
In 1933 , Toyoda 's son Kiichiro started a separate motors division , and the company 's cars quickly took off .
How did the name get from " Toyoda "  to " Toyota , "  though ?
In 1936 , the company held a competition to design a new logo , and the winner consisted of the three Japanese characters that made up the Toyoda name .
However , after giving it some thought , the Toyoda family decided that the slightly tweaked " Toyota "  was stronger .
Writing out " Toyoda "  required nine brush strokes , whereas " Toyota "  only required eight , a lucky number in Japan .
Plus , the name just sounded better , so Toyoda became Toyota .
3. Chrysler
Walter Chrysler probably was n't on anyone 's short list of potential moguls when he was a young man .
He spent much of his youth kicking around Texas as a railroad mechanic , and although the work was n't glamorous , he developed quite a skill set as a machinist .
In 1911 , the gifted 36 - year - old machinist became production chief for Buick , and by 1919 he was making millions of dollars a year as head of the company .
Chrysler eventually left Buick , and after a failed attempt to take over the Willys - Overland Motor Company , he uses some of his accumulated wealth to buy a controlling interest in the floundering Maxwell Motor Company .
Chrysler 's new company introduced a popular car called the Chrysler in 1924 , and by the next year the Maxwell name had disappeared in favor of Chrysler .
4. Honda
Honda bears the name of its founder , Soichiro Honda .
Honda was a precocious mechanic who started the Honda Motor Co. Ltd. in 1946 to build small motorcycles .
Although the motorcycle business got off to a slow start , by the 1960s the business had become one of the world 's largest manufacturers of bikes .
In 1963 , Honda introduced its first production automobile , the Honda T360 pickup truck .
5. Buick
Scottish immigrant David Dunbar Buick was an inventive fellow ; before he ever got into the motors game , he created a more efficient way of manufacturing enameled cast - iron bathtubs .
Buick began toying with engines during the 1890s , and after starting one failed engine company , he tried again with the Buick Manufacturing Company in 1902 .
Buick 's cars were terrific -- his pioneering use of overhead valve technology made them tough to beat -- but he had trouble actually producing and delivering them on time .
As a result he always needed to find new investors to advance him cash , and eventually his company was sold out from under him to General Motors founder William C. Durant .
In 1908 , Durant gave Buick the heave - ho and a $ 100,000 severance check .
Buick tried to parlay this money into a great fortune by investing in oil fields , but he did n't have any luck .
When his attempts to get back into the car business in the 1920s floundered , he ended up working as an instructor at the Detroit School of Trades .
That venture did n't go so well , either ; the school demoted him to receptionist .
When Buick died in 1929 , he was flat broke .
6. Chevrolet
Remember how William Durant forced David Buick out of Buick 's own company ?
Karma can be rough .
In 1910 , Durant 's own creditors forced him out of his management role at the company he started , General Motors .
Durant did n't stay down for long , though .
He teamed with Swiss race car driver and mechanic Louis Chevrolet to start a new motor company in 1911 .
The pair named the company after Chevrolet , and legend has it that they developed a logo that resembled the Swiss cross of Chevrolet 's homeland .
( Other stories indicate that Durant copied the bowtie logo from a French hotel 's wallpaper . )
The company quickly earned the pair quite a bit of loot .
Durant suddenly had enough cash to regain control of General Motors , and in 1917 GM acquired Chevrolet .
Louis Chevrolet did n't do quite as well , though .
He sold his share of the company to Durant in 1914 , and although his career had other highlights , including a 7th - place finish at the 1919 Indianapolis 500 , he never enjoyed much financial success and eventually had to return to Chevy as a consultant .
7. Dodge
Brothers John and Horace Dodge were gifted machinists who began a Michigan bicycle company in the 1890s .
Eventually they sold this business and began creating transmissions for Olds in 1902 and then Ford in 1903 .
However , they longed to create cars of their own , so in 1913 they left their lucrative supplier positions at Ford and started working on their own car designs .
The brothers ' cars were soon the second - hottest sellers in the country , and they were fabulously wealthy .
8. Mercedes
In 1897 , Austrian entrepreneur Emil Jellinek began ordering Daimler cars that he could drive in some of Europe 's quickly growing auto races .
It took a few years , but by the dawn of the 20th century , Jellinek had a number of Daimlers that he adored driving .
He often raced under an assumed name when driving these cars ; he took on the name of his 12 - year - old daughter Mercedes .
In 1900 , Jellinek worked out a deal with Daimler to order 36 new cars on the condition that the cars be called Mercedes .
Daimler agreed , and the famed luxury brand name was born .
9. Volvo
The Swedish automaker 's name is Latin for " I roll , "  a conjugation of the word volvere .
The company got its start as part of the Swedish ball bearing company SKF , and after SKF trademarked the Volvo name in 1915 , the company planned to put the " Volvo "  name on most anything that rolled , from bears to bicycles to automobiles .
The plan was n't quick to get off the ground , though ; thanks to World War I , Volvo did n't actually start its car business until 1926 .
And a few quick ones :
10 . Cadillac : Named for Antoine Laumet de La Mothe , sieur de Cadillac , the French explorer who founded Detroit in the early 18th century .
11 . Saab : Abbreviation of " Svenska Aeroplan Aktiebolag , "  which is Swedish for " Swedish Airplane , Limited . " 
12 . Volkswagen : German for " people 's car . " 
13 . Lexus : Toyota went to its ad agency and an image - consulting firm when it needed a name for its luxury division .
At first , they decided on " Alexis , "  but it gradually evolved into Lexus .
14 . Mazda : According to Mazda 's website , the brand 's name is borrowed from the Zoroastrian religion .
Ahura Mazda is the Zoroastrian " God of reason who granted wisdom and united man , nature and the other gods . " 
Disclaimer :
The above is a matter of opinion and is not intended as investment advice .
Information and analysis above are derived from sources and utilizing methods believed reliable , but we cannot accept responsibility for any trading losses you may incur as a result of this analysis .
Do your own due diligence .
After the production of the first ‘ Pall Mall ’ safety razor in 1884 , Wilkinson Sword spent the next 96 years focusing on razor product development where it finally launched Lady Protector , the first of many womens shavers designed for women to prevent nicks and cuts .
Wilkinson Sword has always been fully focused to deliver products that help female hair removal become part of your everyday beauty regime and not seen as a chore .
We understand that everyone lives a different life and have created women ’s shavers that coincide with your everyday routine .
For those of you that live a hectic lifestyle , we have our intuition range where the blades heads are covered in soap so that all you require to shave in some water – save time and money on beautiful skin without compromise with the most convenient female hair removal method around .
If you are more of a traditional user then your beauty regime should start with our Quattro For Women and Hydro Silk ranges for a close and comfortable shave .
We believe that shaving is all about freeing yourself and showing off your style , men have trimmers and so should we .
Our award - winning women ’s hair removal bikini trimmers are perfect for legs and styling those intimate parts .
Need some inspirations ?
Check out our blogs for some pointers for some of the best tips in ladies shaving .
If it ’s something a little easy and less hassle that you are in search of , then head over to our subscriptions page where you can be in complete control over a shave plan with a womens shaver that best suits you .
- By Warner Todd Huston
** UPDATE ** BELOW Marvel Apologizes
Marvel Comic ’s Captain America is the mightiest soldier with the super powerful secret soldier formula that makes him a super man .
Sadly , this muscle bound hero that took on the whole Nazi army during WWII seems to be afraid of those American people who ’ve joined the Tea Party movement .
Not only is Cappy quaking in his little red booties , but he ’s sure that the Tea Party folks are dangerous racists , too .
Is n’t it wonderful that a decades old American comic book hero is now being used to turn readers against our very political system , being used to slander folks that are standing up for real American principles in real life — and one called “ Captain America ” at that ?
In issue number 602 of Captain America , a new story line has begun called “ Two Americas . ”
In it the current Captain ( there have been a few of them , apparently ) is on the trail of a faux Captain America that is mentally deranged and getting chummy with some white supremacist , anti-government , survivalists types going by the name of “ the Watchdogs . ”
While investigating this subversive group , Captain America and his partner The Falcon — a black super hero — have decided to try and infiltrate the secretive organization .
In preparation for the infiltration , Marvel Comics depicts the two super heroes out of costume and observing from a rooftop a street filled with what can only be described as a Tea Party protest .
The scene shows crowds of people in city streets carrying signs that say , “ stop the socialists , ” “ tea bag libs before they tea bag you , ” and “ no to new taxes . ”
Naturally , the people in these crowds are depicted as being filled with nothing but white folks .
( Click to see larger image )
The black character asks the out of costume Captain , “ What the hell is this ? ”
And follows that with , “ looks like some kind of anti-tax protest . ”
The Falcon character then snidely tells his partner the Captain , “ So I guess this whole ‘ hate the government ’ vibe around here is n’t limited to the Watchdogs . ”
The two then discuss their plan to infiltrate the subversive group that Marvel comics seems to be linking to the Tea Party movement .
This discussion culminates in The Falcon wondering how a black man would do such a thing .
“ I do n’t exactly see a black man from Harlem fitting in with a bunch of angry white folks , ” he tells the incognito Captain America .
The Captain tells him , “ no it ’s perfect … this all fits right into my plan . ”
After this we find that the Captain ’s plan is to send the black man into a redneck bar to pretend to be a black man working for the IRS and to get everyone all mad … because … well , you know that every white person is a racist that hates black civil servants , right ?
So , there you have it , America .
Tea Party protesters just “ hate the government , ” they are racists , they are all white folks , they are angry , and they associate with secretive white supremacist groups that want to over throw the U.S. government .
Bet you did n’t know that when you were indulging your right as a citizen to protest your government that you were a dangerous white supremacist that wants to destroy the country , did you ?
Bet you did n’t realize that your reverence for the U.S. Constitution was a subversive thing to do , did you ?
And I ’ll also bet that you never imagined that you ’d scare the little blue panties off of Captain America !
Nice going Marvel Comics .
Thanks for making patriotic Americans into your newest super villains .
** UPDATE ** Marvel Apologizes
Well , it looks like Marvel has admitted that it was a bit of a mistake to specify that they were talking about Tea Party groups in Captain America issue # 602 published this month .
As I reported on Sunday , it seemed that Marvel Comics was saying in the story line of its latest Captain America title that Tea Party groups are nothing but white supremacists that are dangerous , and anti-American .
Marvel Comics Editor - in - Chief Joe Quesada discussed my article today and agreed that they made a bit of a mistake and promised to remove the Tea Party references in reprints of the issue .
Quesada spoke to Comic Book Resources website offering some further clarification from his perspective .
Quesada said that the comic ’s writer , Ed Brubaker , did not intend to pinpoint the “ anti-tax protests ” in his comic as Tea Partiers .
There was zero discussion to include a group that looked like a Tea Party demonstration .
Ed simply wrote in an anti-tax protest into his story to show one of the moods that currently exists in America .
There was no thought that it represented a particular group .
And yes , what Ed said is absolutely true , he does shy away from labeling things and did exactly that in this instance .
In Ed ’s story , there was no connection to the Tea Party movement , that ’s a screw up that happened after the fact and exactly what some people are getting upset about .
Where Mr. Houston [ sic ] is correct is in our accidently identifying in one of the held up signs , the group as being a part of the Tea Party instead of a generic protest group .
That ’s something that we need to apologize for and own up to , because it ’s just one of those stupid mistakes that happened through a series of stupid incidents .
Naturally , Mr. Quesada claimed I was being “ irresponsible ” with my intimation that Marvel was painting Tea Partiers as racists .
Of course , that is a bit hard to accept since the drawing of the protest clearly identified it as associated with the Tea Party movement and The Falcon character said he could not mix with those “ angry white folks . ”
I think Quesada doth protest too much .
FoxNews also reported that Marvel has decided to remove the reference and reported that Quesada spoke further about the issue .
Ed Brubaker , who wrote the story , told FoxNews.com he did not write the “ Tea Bag The Libs Before They Tea Bag YOU ! ” sign shown in the edition , insisting that the words were added by someone in “ lettering or production ” just before being shipped to the printer .
It will be changed in subsequent editions , he said .
“ I do n’t know who did it , probably someone who thought it was funny , ” Brubaker wrote in an e-mail .
“ I did n’t think so , personally .
That ’s the sign being changed to something more generic for the trade reprint , because I and my editor were both shocked to see it . ”
Even as writer Ed Brubaker admitted to Fox that he harbored anti-Tea Party movement sentiments , Marvel promised to remove the Tea Party reference in reprints and will avoid it in the rest of this story line .
I want to point out , though , that I never called for any retractions or apologies , myself .
I merely reported the incident .
If Marvel Comics wants to apologize that is up to them .
And they have , at least for “ accidentally ” identifying the Tea Party movement in their anti-protest screed .
( My reply to Carla Hoffman ’s “ Open Letter ” to me )
Also , read my full review of Watchmen , that seminal comic from 1986 .
I rip it up pretty good as the left - wing , hackneyed political screed it truly is .
For a Captain America fan ’s own Cappy story , see Captain America : Ground Zero .
____________
“ The only end of writing is to enable the reader better to enjoy life , or better to endure it . ”
– Samuel Johnson
Warner Todd Huston is a Chicago based freelance writer , has been writing opinion editorials and social criticism since early 2001 and is featured on many websites such as Andrew Breitbart ’s BigGovernment.com , RightWingNews.com , CanadaFreePress.com , StoptheACLU.com , TheRealityCheck.org , RedState.com , Human Events Magazine , AmericanDailyReview.com , and the New Media Journal , among many , many others .
Additionally , he has been a frequent guest on talk - radio programs to discuss his opinion editorials and current events and is currently the co-host of “ Life , Liberty , and the Pursuit of Conservatism ” heard on BlogTalkRadio .
Warner is also the editor of the Cook County Page for RedCounty.com .
He has also written for several history magazines and appears in the new book “ Americans on Politics , Policy and Pop Culture ” which can be purchased on amazon.com .
He is also the owner and operator of PubliusForum.com .
Feel free to contact him with any comments or questions : EMAIL Warner Todd Huston
Our abercrombie have high - quality and particularly based on the fashion sector .
We ensure you 100 % guarantee material provide you , as handbags and mens jackets .
Beside our finest range of leather jackets we are also offering the best and stylish stuff in leather handbags .
In a fascinating display of self - pity and hubris , Jay Leno went on Oprah today and really let loose :
He said that the plan to return him to The Tonight Show was “ a huge mess , ” that he ’d been “ sucker - punched ” by Jimmy Kimmel , that he ’d lied when he told the public in 2004 he would retire when he left The Tonight Show in 2009 , and that there ’s “ a lot of damage control that has to be done now . ”
Believe me :
There ’ll be even more to be done after this Oprah interview .
Jay Leno admitted to Oprah Winfrey that “ I told a white lie on the air ” when he said in 2004 he ’d retire after he left the Tonight Show in 2009 .
“ It was just maybe easier that way . ”
He said he “ assumed ” he ’d just get a job at another network .
Oprah observed : “ Conan said he thought it would be destructive to the franchise ” for him to agree to the plan for The Tonight Show appear at 12:05 , after an 11:35 Leno show .
“ Well , if you look at where [ Conan ’s Tonight Show ] ratings were ” — and here he paused for comic - sarcastic effect — “ it was already destructive to the franchise …
This was the first time in the 60 - year history of The Tonight Show that The Tonight Show would have lost money . ”
Leno also said , “ I hope Conan gets a job somewhere . ”
Whatta competitor , that Jay !
There were some fascinating exchanges between Oprah and Jay , who sounded as though he thought Winfrey was going to be more sympathetic than she proved to be .
Winfrey said , “ David Letterman called you , I think , the ‘ Big Jaw ’ Leno … and you hit back by talking about his infidelity . ”
Leno said , “ Well , I did a joke about that , yes . ”
” Even the audience went , ‘ Ooo ! ' ” noted Winfrey .
” But it was a good joke , ” squeaked Leno .
“ Did you laugh when you heard it ? ”
“ No , ” said Oprah firmly , “ I did not .
I did not laugh .
You know what , I thought that was beneath you . ”
Leno tried to defend himself .
“ But how many jokes like that have I done ?
I did one joke in the middle of the week and I never did another one .
I had a cheap shot thrown at me , I threw one cheap shot back and I moved on . ”
Oprah asked , “ So you thought one cheap shot deserves another ? ”
Leno said , “ Yeah , it ’s OK . ”
Then Oprah asked , “ Do you feel you ’re being unfairly portrayed by the media ? ” Leno said , “ Yeah , I think so . ”
Amazing figure : A poll conducted on Oprah.com found that 96 % of Winfrey ’s audience was on Conan ’s side in this “ mess . ”
Leno continues to make much of the idea that he did n’t turn down the 10 p.m. Jay Leno
Show offer because he did n’t want to put his staff out of work : “ You say to the 170 people who work here , ‘ Listen , I do n’t want to get my reputation ruined , I do n’t want anyone talking bad about me .
I ’ve got enough money .
You people can all fend for yourself . ’
That ’s… the selfish thing to do . ”
Yet when Winfrey brought up the number of people who were put out of work on the 10 p.m. scripted shows that were either cancelled or never put into production by NBC because the Leno Show took up a prime - time slot five nights a week , he said feebly , “ I was n’t thinking about that at the time . ”
Come on .
This was a point being brought up in the media almost as soon as the Leno Show was announced .
There was a darkly humorous moment when Oprah asked him if he thought NBC could have handled this better .
“ Anything they did would have been better than this …
If they had come in and shot everybody , it would have been ‘ Oh , people were murdered , ’ but at least it would have been a two - day story .
NBC could not have handled it worse .
From 2004 onward , this whole thing was a huge mess . ”
When Jimmy Kimmel came on the Leno Show Jan. 14 and used that “ 10 @ 10 ” segment to blast Leno , Jay told Winfrey he felt “ sucker - punched . ”
He said he could have “ edited it ” out , but “ when you get sucker - punched , you get right back up again .
You do n’t whine or complain . ”
Still , Leno did his share of whining on Oprah .
“ It was really agonizing .
I would spend a lot of time just thinking about it , going , ‘ I think I ’m a good guy .
Am I a good guy ? ' ”
What do you think ?
Did you watch ?
World News Print This Flight 253 passenger Kurt Haskell : " Today is the day that I realized that my own country is lying to me and all of my fellow Americans . "
By Aaron Foley Metro Detroit Local News and Talk
Haskell and his wife , Lori , were aboard Flight 253 when Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab allegedly tried to destroy the plane .
They say another man tried to help Abdulmutallab board the plane in Amsterdam .
Haskell had two detailed posts in two different stories .
Here is Part One ,
Following up on a visit from FBI officials about an eyewitness account first described to MLive.com , Michigan attorney Kurt Haskell described the visit in comment sections across MLive on Wednesday .
Haskell and his wife , Lori , were aboard Flight 253 when Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab allegedly tried to destroy the plane .
They say another man tried to help Abdulmutallab board the plane in Amsterdam .
Haskell had two detailed posts in two different stories .
Here is Part One , originally posted here ( Nothing below in the indent has been changed .
Only links have been added . ) :
Today is the second worst day of my life after 12 - 25 - 09 .
Today is the day that I realized that my own country is lying to me and all of my fellow Americans .
Let me explain .
Ever since I got off of Flight 253 I have been repeating what I saw in US Customs .
Specifically , 1 hour after we left the plane , bomb sniffing dogs arrived .
Up to this point , all of the passengers on Flight 253 stood in a small area in an evacuated luggage claim area of an airport terminal .
During this time period , all of the passengers had their carry on bags with them .
When the bomb sniffing dogs arrived , 1 dog found something in a carry on bag of a 30 ish Indian man .
This is not the so called " Sharp Dressed " man .
I will refer to this man as " The man in orange " .
The man in orange , who stood some 20ft away from me the entire time until he was taken away , was immediately taken away to be searched and interrogated in a nearby room .
At this time he was not handcuffed .
When he emerged from the room , he was then handcuffed and taken away .
At this time an FBI agent came up to the rest of the passengers and said the following ( approximate quote ) " You all are being moved to another area because this area is not safe .
I am sure many of you saw what just happened ( Referring to the man in orange ) and are smart enough to read between the lines and figure it out . "
We were then marched out of the baggage claim area and into a long hallway .
This entire time period and until we left customs , no person that was n't a law enforcement personnel or a passenger on our flight was allowed anywhere on our floor of the terminal ( or possibly the entire terminal )
The FBI was so concerned during this time , that we were not allowed to use the bathroom unless we went alone with an FBI agent , we were not allowed to eat or drink , or text or call anyone .
I have been repeating this same story over the last 5 days .
The FBI has , since we landed , insisted that only one man was arrested for the airliner attack ( contradicting my account ) .
However , several of my fellow passengers have come over the past few days , backed up my claim , and put pressure on FBI / Customs to tell the truth .
Early today , I heard from two different reporters that a federal agency ( FBI or Customs ) was now admitting that another man has been held ( and will be held indefinitely ) since our flight landed for " immigration reasons . "
Notice that this man was " being held " and not " arrested " , which was a cute semantic ploy by the FBI to stretch the truth and not lie .
Just a question , could that mean that the man in orange had no passport ?
However , a few hours later , Customs changed its story again .
This time , Mr. Ron Smith of Customs , says the man that was detained " had been taken into custody , but today tells the news the person was a passenger on a different flight . "
Mr. Ron Smith , you are playing the American public for a fool .
Lets take a look at how plausible this story is ( After you 've already changed it twice ) .
For the story to be true , you have to believe , that : 1 . FBI / Customs let passengers from another flight co-mingle with the passengers of flight 253 while the most important investigation in 8 years was pending .
I have already stated that not one person who was n't a passenger or law enforcement personnal was in our area the entire time we were detained by Customs .
2. FBI / Customs while detaining the flight 253 passengers in perhaps the most important investigation since the last terrorist attack , and despite not letting any flight 253 passenger drink , eat , make a call , or use the bathroom , let those of other flights trample through the area and possibly contaminate evidence .
3 . You have to believe the above ( 1 and 2 ) despite the fact that no flights during this time allowed passengers to exit off of the planes at all and were detained on the runway during at least the first hour of our detention period .
4 . You have to believe that the man that stood 20 feet from me since we entered customs came from a mysterious plane that never landed , let its passengers off the plane and let this man sneak into our passenger group despite having extremely tight security at this time ( i.e. no drinking even ) .
5. FBI / Customs was hauling mysterious passengers from other flights through the area we were being held to possibly comtaminate evidence and allow discussions with suspects on Flight 253 or to possibly allow the exchange of bombs , weapons or other devices between the mysterious passengers from other flights and those on flight 253 .
Seriously Mr. Ron Smith , how stupid do you think the American public is ?
Mr. Ron Smith 's third version of the story is an absolute inplausible joke .
I encourage you , Mr. Ron Smith , to debate me anytime , anywhere , and anyplace in public to let the American people see who is credible and who is not .
I ask , is n't this the more plausible story : 1 . Customs / FBI realized that they screwed up and do n't want to admit that they left flight 253 passengers on a flight with a live bomb on the runway for 20 minutes .
2. Customs / FBI realized that they screwed up and do n't want to admit that they left flight 253 passengers in customs for 1 hour with a live bomb in a carry on bag .
3. Customs / FBI realize that the man in orange points to a greater involvement then the lone wolf theory that they have been promoting .
Mr. Ron Smith
I encourage you to come out of your cubicle and come up with a more plausible version number 4 of your story .
Haskell continued his comment in a different post on MLive .
For the last five days I have been reporting my story of the so called " sharp dressed man . "
For those of you who have n't read my account , it involves a sharp dressed " Indian man " attempting to talk a ticket agent into letting a supposed " Sudanese refugee " ( The terrorist ) onto flight 253 without a passport .
I have never had any idea how it played out except to note that the so called " Sudanese reefugee " later boarded my flight and attempted to blow it up and kill me .
At no time did my story involve , or even find important whether the terrorist actually had a passport .
The importance of my story was and always will be , the attempt with an accomplice ( apparently succesful ) of a terrorist with all sorts of prior terrorist warning signs to skirt the normal passport boarding procedures in Amsterdam .
By the way , Amsterdam security did come out the other day and admit that the terrorist did not have to " Go through normal passport checking procedures " .
Amsterdam security , please define to the American public " Normal passport boarding procedures " .
You see the FBI would have the American public believe that what was important was whether the terrorist in fact had a passport .
Seriously think about this people .
You have a suicide bomber who had recently been to Yemen to but a bomb , whose father had reported him as a terrorist , who supposedly was on some kind of U.S. terror watchlist , and most likely knew the U.S. was aware of these red flags .
Yet , he did n't go through " Normal passport checking procedures . "
What does that mean ?
Maybe that he flashed a passport to some sort of sympathetic security manager in a backroom to avoid a closer look at the terrorist 's " red flags " ?
What is important is that the terrorist avoided using normal passport checking procedures ( apparently successfully ) in order to avoid a closer look into his red flags .
Who cares if he had a passport .
The important thing is that he did n't want to show it and somehow avoided a closer inspection and " normal passport checking procedures . "
Each passport comes with a bar code on it that can be scanned to provide a wealth of information about the individual .
I would bet that the passport checking procedures for the terrorist did not include a bar code scan of his passport ( which could have revealed damning information about the terrorist ) .
Please note that there is a very easy way to verify the veracity of my prior " sharp dressed man " account .
Dutch police have admitted that they have reviewed the video of the " sharp dressed man " that I referenced .
Note that it has not been released anywhere ,
You see , if my eye witness account is false , it could easily be proven by releasing the video .
However , the proof of my eyewitness account would also be verified if I am telling the truth and I am .
There is a reason we have only heard of the video and not seen it .
dutch authorities , " RELEASE THE VIDEO ! "
This is the most important video in 8 years and may be all of two minutes long .
Show the entire video and " DO NOT EDIT IT " !
The American public deserves its own chance to attempt to identify the " sharp dressed man " .
I have no doubt that if the video indicated that my account was wrong , that the video would have already swept over the entire world wide web .
Instead of the video , we get a statment that the video has been viewed and that the terrorist had a passport .
Each of these statements made by the FBI is a self serving play on semantics and each misses the importance of my prior " sharp dressed man " account .
The importance being that the man " Tried to board the plane with an accomplice and without a passort " .
The other significance is that only the airport security video can verify my eyewitness account and that it is not being released .
Who has the agenda here and who does n't ?
Think about that for a minute .
Metro Detroit Local News and Talk
Kurt and Lori Haskell were interviewed by CNN shortly after the incident .
The program eventually goes into a sales pitch of sorts for the use of full body scanners in airports , but what else can we expect from CNN ?
Note too , Lori tells us there was a passenger with a camcorder who recorded the entire incident .
Why ?
( lmcb )
Print This Make a Donation !
Donate here
If you appreciated this article , please consider making a donation to Axis of Logic .
We do not use commercial advertising or corporate funding .
We depend solely upon you , the reader , to continue providing quality news and opinion on world affairs .
---
In 2001 she founded the St. Louis chapter of the Women in Black anti-war group that originated in Israel , and has actively advocated for Palestinian rights since visiting the West Bank in 2003 .
As the last decade came to a close , Epstein continued her advocacy by traveling with the women ’s peace advocacy group CodePink to the Gaza Freedom March .
The Dec. 31 march was a planned nonviolent demonstration to protest Israel ’s blockade of Gaza , with 1,000 advocates from abroad joining Palestinians in a march to the Gaza - Israel border checkpoint .
I was born in Germany , I'm Jewish -- after Hitler came to power , my parents realized very quickly that Germany was not a good place to raise a family .
They were willing to go anywhere in the world , but one place they were not willing to go to was Palestine -- they were anti-Zionists .
As a child I did n't quite understand this , but if my parents were anti-Zionist , I was anti-Zionist .
I came to the U.S. in 1948 , around the same time Israel became a state , about which I had mixed feelings .
On the one hand it was a place for Holocaust survivors to go to , those who could not or did not want to return to their homes , but on the other , I considered my parents ' ardent anti-Zionism .
While I was new in the U.S. , Israel and Palestine remained on the back burner of my interests .
In 1982 , I heard about the massacres in the refugee camps of Sabra and Shatila in Lebanon -- I wanted to know who was responsible for this , what had happened between 1948 and 1982 .
As I learned more , I became increasingly disturbed by the policies of Israel and its military .
Fast forward to 2003 -- I was in the West Bank for the first time , and have been there five times since then .
This will be my third try to go to Gaza .
The first try was with the Free Gaza Movement when they tried to take boats through Israel 's naval blockade , but right before , in Cypress , I became ill -- it was 120 degrees , with matching humidity .
The second try , the Free Gaza Movement members were worried what about might happen to me , so in deference I did n't go with them .
I was to go again in June 2009 , but the day before I was to go , I was assaulted .
I do n't know whether I was targeted or if it was a random act of violence -- I was coming back from the airport , but my suitcase and pocketbook , neither were touched -- it was not theft .
I 've known about CodePink for quite some time and when I found out they were planning a march to Gaza , I decided I would go .
I tried twice and did n't succeed , and so maybe the third time is the charm .
Egyptian organizers recently told the group they could not go through the Rafah border ( more information ) .
Other times groups were told they could not go , but then were permitted to go with restrictions .
So we will go forward , and we 'll take it one day , one minute at a time .
And if we do n't get in , that too will make a huge statement .
It depends whom you 're talking to or whom you 're talking about .
The mainstream , organized Jewish community , both locally and in other places , have called me anti-Semitic , a self - hating Jew .
I 'm not anti-Israel , but you 're not allowed to criticize Israel or else you 're anti-Semitic , and if you 're Jewish you 're a self - hating Jew .
I do n't hate myself .
You 're allowed to criticize every other country , including the U.S. , but not Israel , why is that ?
I do n't know .
I hope they will be nonviolent .
When I was in the West Bank , before I went , I was told that the Palestinians are going to hurt me , they are going to do awful things to me .
But they were the ones that protected me .
In one demonstration , in 2006 , near Ramallah , I lost some of my hearing because an Israeli sound bomb went off very close to me .
The Palestinians near me were very concerned .
I was strip - searched , internally searched at Israel 's David Ben Gurion airport , I was told that “ I was a terrorist , I 'm a security risk . ”
An 80 - year - old woman is a terrorist ?
What , do I have a bomb in my vagina ?
In the near future , no .
I 'm an inveterate optimist , so someday there will be peace , but a lot of things have to change before that happens .
If the occupation were to stop overnight , it would make all the difference in the world .
Israel is the fourth - largest military entity in the world .
They have the newest equipment , and it's used on the Palestinians .
Also , if the U.S. stopped funding Israel , that would be another way of bringing about peace .
We have humongous problems in this country , people are unemployed , losing their homes , we could use that money instead of overseas in a destructive way .
Let 's use it constructively .
I think we should let the people decide what they want instead of telling them what they should do .
-- Daniel Siegal
Photo : Holocaust survivor Hedy Epstein , center , and Gaza Freedom Marchers activists shout slogans during a Dec. 29 protest in Cairo to mark the one - year anniversary of the Israeli invasion of Gaza .
Credit : Amr Nabil / Associated Press
A retired US general on Thursday said Dutch UN troops defending Srebrenica in the Bosnian war failed to prevent the 1995 genocide partly because their ranks included openly gay soldiers .
John Sheehan , a former NATO commander and senior Marine officer , made the remarks at a senate hearing where he argued against plans by President Barack Obama to end a ban on allowing gays to serve openly in the US military .
ADVERTISEMENT
Sheehan said that after the end of the Cold War , European militaries changed and concluded “ there was no longer a need for an active combat capability . ”
He said this “ socialization ” process “ included open homosexuality ” and led to “ a focus on peacekeeping operations because they did not believe the Germans were going to attack again or the Soviets were coming back . ”
“ The case in point that I ’m referring to is when the Dutch were required to defend Srebrenica against the Serbs , ” he said , referring to the UN peacekeeping force deployed to protect Bosnian Muslim civilians .
“ The battalion was understrength , poorly led , and the Serbs came into town , handcuffed the soldiers to the telephone polls , marched the Muslims off and executed them . ”
The chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , Carl Levin , pressed him to clarify his comments about Srebrenica .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Did the Dutch leaders tell you it ( the fall of Srebrenica ) was because there were gay soldiers there ? ” asked an incredulous Levin .
“ Yes , ” Sheehan said and added : “ They included that as part of the problem . ”
Sheehan , who retired from the military in 1997 , said he had been told that by the former chief of staff of the Dutch army .
ADVERTISEMENT
Levin vehemently rejected Sheehan ’s allegation , saying that drawing a connection between the massacre at Srebrenica and gays in the Dutch military was “ totally off - target . ”
The failure of the Dutch UN troops to fend off an attack by Bosnian Serb forces had “ nothing to do with sexual orientation ” but was related to “ their training and the rules of engagement , ” Levin said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Nearly 8,000 Bosnian Muslim men and boys were killed after Serb forces captured the eastern town on July 11 , 1995 , in the worst massacre in Europe since World War II .
This video is from the Senate Armed Services Committee , uploaded to YouTube March 18 , 2010 .
Municipal and state bond markets are under threat , the New York Times reminds us again this morning .
California could collapse !
New York is in trouble !
Illinois just got downgraded !
Everyone 's freaking out ... except investors .
Why not ?
Well , there 's the presumption of a federal bailout ( can you imagine Obama watching all his economic progress undermined by collapsing states ? ) .
They also have the advantage of being tax - free , which can be a useful shield when government taxes increase .
In other words , they are spiraling higher : debt fears stoke tax fears stoking muni bond buying .
This chart from Bespoke tells it all
And James Altucher of Formula Capital says there is nothing to fear from municipal bond defaults for the time being .
If you enjoyed this post , please consider leaving a comment or subscribing to the RSS feed to have future articles delivered to your feed reader .
A video of Rajendra Pachauri with some startling statements about the recent IPCC scandals .
Apparently the Himalayan glacier melting thing is the only error in the IPCC reports .
The other issues are n't errors at all .
Oh yes , and it 's OK to use non-peer reviewed literature in IPCC reports .
WASHINGTON -- The U.S. - led International Security Assistance
Force this week used aerial drones to kill 16 militants in volatile southern Afghanistan , a rare instance of the U.S. and its allies using a tactic more commonly employed against extremist targets across the border in Pakistan .
U.S. military officials said both attacks took place in Helmand province , one of the most violent regions of Afghanistan .
In the first strike , ISAF said , a drone fired a Hellfire missile at a suspected militant safe house early Tuesday morning , ...
Farewell , Thomas Jefferson .
Sayonara , Snoop Dogg , Wu - Tang Clan , and 50 Cent .
Adios , Cesar Chavez .
And a big welcome - back hug to Phyllis Schlafly , Newt Gingrich , and the ghosts of Stonewall Jackson and Joseph McCarthy .
If the Texas Board of Education gets its way – and it probably will – the complexion of history and social studies as they are taught in most U.S. schools is about to assume an even whiter shade of pale , while undergoing a sharp lunge to the Christian - fundamentalist right .
" I 've just been muttering to myself all morning , " said Megan Boler , a U.S. - born educator , now a professor at the Ontario Institute for Studies in Education ( OISE ) .
" I can't believe it .
I 've never seen this extent of revisionist history . "
Earlier this month , by a vote of 10 to 5 , the body responsible for the contents of textbooks used in Texan primary and secondary schools gave preliminary approval to more than 100 controversial and ideologically driven amendments to state curriculum standards .
The vote followed three days of rancorous debate and proceeded along partisan lines , Republicans triumphing over outraged Democrats .
The public will now be granted a 30 - day period to comment on the amendments , before a final vote takes place in May .
Given Republican dominance of the board , it seems likely the proposed changes will survive .
If they do , the amendments will overturn a broad array of long - standing tenets and beliefs about U.S. history and society , rejecting the constitutional separation of church and state , promoting a Judeo - Christian interpretation of the motivations that inspired the country 's founding fathers , dropping references to Latino heroes and accomplishments , and justifying the red-baiting , anti-Communist extremism that overran large tracts of the U.S. body politic during the 1950s , spearheaded by Wisconsin Senator Joseph McCarthy .
Meanwhile , founding father Thomas Jefferson – unpopular with conservatives because he championed the division between religion and politics – is to be downplayed in classrooms .
Conservative heroes such as Schlafly ( known for her opposition to feminism ) and Gingrich ( leader of a Republican renaissance in U.S. politics ) will now be promoted to U.S. students for their beliefs and accomplishments .
Jackson , a Confederate general in the American Civil War , is to be singled out as " a role model for effective leadership . "
But references to Latino heroes are to be played down , a move that would presumably affect the legacy of Cesar Chavez , the late Mexican - American civil rights activist whose birthday is now marked as an official or optional holiday in several U.S. states , including Texas .
Oh , yes – and the mainly black hip - hop musical style will no longer be considered " a significant cultural movement " among Texas youth .
Country and Western will be celebrated instead .
The proposals have been lampooned on TV by liberal gadfly Stephen Colbert and others , but they seem to be going ahead just the same .
" This is very disturbing , " said Roland Coloma , a professor of anti-racist and feminist studies , also at OISE .
" The narration of a nation 's history is always contested , but this is very much an historical skewing of facts and events , and that 's really unfortunate . "
The proposed changes are formally restricted to teaching materials used in Texas , but the state 's textbook - purchasing heft – second only to that of California – is so great that the historically revised tomes could well wind up being taught in 80 per cent of U.S. schools .
" The impact of this is huge , " said Boler .
" You will teach students to reject the constitutional separation of church and state . "
During its deliberations , the Texas board consulted no historians , sociologists , or economists .
Instead , a seven - member conservative bloc – supported in the end by three more moderate Republicans – sought to " balance " what it regards as a long tradition of liberal bias in the presentation of U.S. history and culture .
That battle is merely an escalation – albeit a major one – in an ongoing struggle for ideological control of the state 's classrooms .
Conservatives on the Texas school board have long promoted the teaching of creationism , a branch of pseudo - science that advances a number of false or unlikely propositions – that humans have existed for only 6,000 years , for example , or that they were created in their present form by God , or that they once shared the earth with dinosaurs .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Creationism 's adherents reject evolutionary Darwinism , which ascribes the development of all species to the gradual mechanics of natural selection , with no need for an interfering deity .
Evolutionary theory – now better known as evolutionary fact – is backed by the preponderance of expert scientific opinion , and this is a source of deep - seated frustration for creationists .
" I disagree with these experts , " said Don McLeroy , a dentist , who heads the conservative bloc on the Texas board .
" Somebody 's got to stand up to experts that are just ... I think , I do n't know why they 're doing it .
They 're wonderful people . "
So they are , but they seem to be on the losing side in Texas .
The same goes for Mary Helen Berlanga , a Democratic member of the Texas school board , who stormed out of the conference room this month in protest against the body 's decision to remove favourable references to Hispanics from history and social studies texts – this in a state whose population is 36.5 per cent Latino .
" They can just pretend this is a white America and Hispanics do n't exist , " she said .
" They are rewriting history , not only of Texas but of the United States and the world . "
Primary and secondary school teachers across the United States may soon be faced with a wrenching choice – either to robotically impart lessons whose content they reject , or else endanger their own jobs and the very existence of their schools .
Under a U.S. educational policy known as No Child Left Behind , public - school students must take a range of standardized tests whose outcome is used to measure the effectiveness of both teachers and schools .
As a result , U.S. teachers who augment their lessons with supplementary material or stray from the core curriculum do so at their peril .
" It really puts teachers in a very difficult position , " said Coloma .
" Teachers in the United States feel the pressure of teaching to the textbook . "
Neither he nor Boler believes a similar partisan takeover could upset Canada 's schools , but this does not mean the Canadian system is without ideological taint .
" It 's a matter of degree , " said Boler .
" I do n't think we would ever see this kind of radical overhaul , but at the same time there are serious problems with the teaching of Canadian history .
Canada prides itself on its multiculturalism , but the curriculum in Canadian schools does n't adequately reflect that rhetorical claim . "
She said Canadian schools pay " close to zero " attention to aboriginal history and also ignore black history and the contributions to Canadian society made by recent immigrant groups .
But these challenges or shortcomings do not compare to the rewriting of history now underway in Texas , she said .
" Already , the United States is known among wealthy nations for having the least robust education in history and social studies , " she said .
" Now it 's not only thin .
It 's revisionist .
Some of what is being proposed is fiction . "
Welcome to the new millennium – and be careful what you read .
The following blog post , unless otherwise noted , was written by a member of Gamasutras community .
The thoughts and opinions expressed are those of the writer and not Gamasutra or its parent company .
First up some clarification .
Yes , the title and summary scream " ooh ooh look at me , look at me " and promises nothing more then some immature ranting .
But in fact ... it 's a trap !!
It 's a trap because I will be challenging some ( hypocrite ) ways that people think , they do n't have to be right or correct , it 's just the fun of challenging them .
We are off course all children of the Enlightenment , right ?
So let 's spring this trap then !
Reason nr. 1 The Casual Gamer is Smarter : He / She craves functional innovation far more .
This industry , and its reporters , pride itself as one of the most innovative sectors in the world and in a certain extent this is true but there are different kinds of innovations .
Innovation for the sake of it does n't work , the party that comes up with the most practical and functional innovation does win .
This console generation proves this to a certain extent where one console functionally innovates in such a extent it manages to attract new audiences while the other two innovate in such a manner they only are capable of holding to a fraction of last generation 's market .
The Books of Prof. Christensen ( the dreaded Disruption Theory ) explains the workings of this gap of marketperformance between Nintendo and other two .
But how does this prove my point ?
Well , look at the gamesales of each console .
On one hand you have the console that is driven by games that innovate in control schemes , injecting new fun in old principles and creating new fun themes , on the other hand you have the two Shooter / Buttkicking with a sniff of sandbox consoles .
But what is more interesting ?
The people on the first console do n't buy me - too games or only if they 're really good and add innovation .
WiiSports and WiiPlay created a mini - game collection avalanche , very few survived it .
WiiFit created a fitness game avalanche ... same result .
On the other consoles ?
Well , the Halo- clones and God of War - clones almost cover their entire assortment and the " far smarter " hardcore players eat them up .
Fantastic way to promote innovation folks !
Yes , the Great Secret behind luring these elusive " Casual " Gamers is actually * shocker * innovating in a functional way .
But what is innovating in a functional way ?
Well easy , you functionally innovate when the innovation adds to the function of the product .
For Videogames the function is to deliver interactive entertainment content .
The keyword being Interactive .
A Controller with 14 buttons , patches and hard - disk installs ( the times my friend and me joked how we could play his Wii when a new PS3 - game was installing have been numerous ) does not deliver this .
Reason nr. 2 The Casual Gamer is Smarter : He / She does n't Fall For Hype .
Again , sales figures .
How does the standard " hardcore " game sell ?
It sells the most the first month and then drops like a brick .
This Spike - like sales - curve is sometimes called by economists as the Hype-curve in the context of Product Life Cycles .
It means as much that sales are completely Hype- fueled and loses momentum because word - of - mouth does n't agree with the hype .
How does the standard Wii game sell ?
Quite a bit different .
Interesting is to look up all the million sellers for the Wii and then observe and a lot of those games were never seen in any top 20 list .
Nice example was Carnival Games .
Did n't appear in any weekly UK chart , then suddenly it was number 10 on the annual UK chart .
The standard Wii -game actually " slow burns " under everyone 's radar .
Gaming journalists , being the most " hardcore " of the bunch and following the logic from this blog post , the most stupid of all elitist bastards , are off course flabbergast at this phenomenon .
Let 's bring back some 101 Economics in .
This so - called " slow - burn " is actually a more logical and natural and classic sales - curve .
Most recent example is Just Dance that slowly crawled up the rankings .
So much that Ubisoft decided to make a commercial for it ... weeks after release .
A product that goes trough this more natural sales - curve actually succeeds better in attracting a wider audience because of the positive effect of word of mouth .
And in following point 1 , these " casual " gamers only buy games that are good , aka with as few limitations present in delivering its as compelling as possible interactive entertainment content .
Games with quite some limitations or bad content will get negative word of mouth killing the momentum , resulting in the Hype - Spike .
Reason 3 : They Don't Fall for Higher Prices , DLC's and Collector Editions .
You know when a industry is failing ?
When it starts exploiting it 's still existing ( but shrinking ) user - base .
* puts Old Bugger hat on * I know of a day where Collector Editions where just that , really rare items , not something you see as much on the shelves as the regular version .
I know of the days when games came in big ass boxes with allready full of extra's , I remember de days when we had Expansions Packs that actually Expanded the game and not already on the disk content you have to pay extra for to get or has some code that has no value for the guy who second - hand buys it from you , I remember the day that game over 50 bucks / euro was a lot of money for a game .
And you call the " casual " gamer uninformed ... really ?
So far , the so - called " hardcore " gamer is a marketing brainwashed , innovation shunting , self - righteous idiot who pays videogame makes far too much money for what is delivered .
The so - called " uninformed casual " gamer is so far a more intelligent being , embracing functional innovation and only buying a videogame when it is recommended by its peers or when he / she played it at said peers ' house and not willing to drop too much money for what it expects to be a full gaming experience .
In Short :
We hardcore gamers have much to be humble about and a lot to shut up about .
I hereby want to initiate this definition of a Hardcore Gamer : A Gamer Who Loves Gaming In All Its Forms , except of course you do n't really like a certain genre ( like say , a RTS ) because of prior experiences in the genre .
Those who claim to be hardcore gamers but do not uphold this simple principle will hereby known as Pseudo - Hardcore Gamers .
As an extra note ... the casual gamer shall hereby be called the Neo - Arcadian Gamer , for he / she loves gaming in its arcade principle : easy to learn , hard to master .
Also ... let 's keep the elitist fallacies to a minimal in the comments please .
I 'm not in the mood to turn Voltaire in the right position .
Google is good for so many things , among which is searching for all sorts of files , including MP3's .
Here 's a quick primer :
- inurl : ( htm|html|php ) intitle : " index of " + " last modified " +" parent directory " + description +size +( wma|mp3 ) " Nirvana "
Advertisement
Just substitute the term " Nirvana " for any band or singer you might be looking for , and your search will lead you to open indexes that contain downloadable music files .
Turn Google into Napster 2000 [ Marc and Angel ]
Video : Exploring Mexico's Otherworldly Cave of Crystals
Just watch out for Morlocks
So you 're fed up with Google , and you 've got a litany of reasons .
You do n't even have to explain — I 'm just here to help you crawl out from under the shadow of the big G , step by step .
Advertisement
You do n't have to be ready to commit to a full overhaul of your online lifestyle to understand why someone might want to yank their data from Google 's servers , and hand it off to someone else :
You 've got Google 's CEO deafly rehashing fallacious arguments about privacy —
" If you have something that you do n't want anyone to know , maybe you should n't be doing it in the first place " — and hesitating on a drawback ; you 've got contextual advertising that seems just a little too closely tuned to that sexxxy love letter your girlfriend sent you while you were on that business trip ; you 've got that violently insane ex husband who now knows where you are because of Google 's clumsy Buzz rollout .
Most of all , you 've got reasons , and you 're ready for change .
F*ck You , Google I use my private Gmail account to email my boyfriend and my mother .
There 's a BIG drop - off between …
Read more
Advertisement
The decision to close your Google account has to be carefully considered — after all , this is the place that stores your email , your documents , your contacts , your photos , your news , and even your health records .
But this level of investment to one service is as good a reason to leave as it is to stay :
If looking at your Google Dashboard , which lists all the services you use , and the amount and type of information you store on them , does n't make you feel a little uneasy , then hell , what would ?
Anyway , I 'm not here to make the case for you to drop Google altogether — it 's not something I 'm prepared to do , for a start — I 'm just here to tell you how to do it .
Here 's everything you need to know about life after Google .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Search
It 's easy to forget that there are other search engines in the world , because Google has been so plainly dominant over the last few years .
But they 're there , and they 're actually pretty good .
Advertisement
The best alternative to Google , by a long shot , is Microsoft 's Bing .
It 's an evolution of the Live search engine , and it's offers a distinctly different experience than Google : it 's far from minimalist , with a colorful interface , content - tailored results pages , and and emphasis on reducing clicks , rather than reducing clutter .
Coming from Google it can be visually jarring , and the fact that the results for common searches are different — if not better or worse — means that at first , you 'll get the feeling that it is n't working right .
Advertisement
Give it some time and some patience , and you 'll realize that it 's pretty damn good .
And even if search is n't perceived as the biggest threat to your privacy , it 's important to make the switch anyway — after all , it was Google search that was the gateway to all the other Google services , which you 're now trying untangle yourself from .
Honorable Mentions :
• Yahoo
• Wolfram Alpha
• Collecta
• Mahalo
Email
Advertisement
Back when it launched in 2005 , Gmail lured users with insane amounts of free storage space :
One gigabyte .
Impossible .
This caught the dominant services of the day completely off guard , and made their free webmail seem utterly ancient .
Today , that one gigabyte has grown to nearly seven , and on the surface not much has changed about ol ' Gmail .
Meanwhile , the companies that were blindsided back in 2005 have had plenty of time to catch up to , and in some cases , exceed Google 's offering .
Here 's how to make the full switch :
Backing up your Gmail :
There are a number of ways to do this , but one stands out as the easiest :
The email client method .
Advertisement
1. ) Download Thunderbird , a free email client from the same people who make Firefox ( Download for Windows , OS X )
2. ) Enable IMAP access on your Gmail account , by clicking the Setting link in the top right of your inbox , navigating to the Forwarding and POP / IMAP tab , and selecting the " Enable IMAP " radio button
Advertisement
3. ) File > New Mail Account
4. ) Enter your name and Gmail address , after which Thunderbird should find your mail settings automatically , and set itself up as an IMAP client :
Advertisement
( If this does n't happen , consult Google 's guide for a manual setup .
5. ) Once the account is set up , open Thunderbird 's Account Settings panel , and navigate to the Synchronization and Storage tab .
Make sure " Keep messages for this account on this computer " and " Synchronize all messages regardless of age " are both selected .
6. ) Wait for your messages to sync to your computer — this could take hours , especially if you 're near your Gmail storage limit .
What you 've done here is imported all of your Gmail messages into a local client —
Thunderbird — which lets you browse them , search them , or back them up to an external hard drive for posterity .
And if you switch to another IMAP - based service , you can import these old messages into your new account simply by dragging them from your Gmail inbox folder in Thunderbird to your new account 's inbox folder .
Advertisement
Contacts are a trickier question , but at the very least you can use Gmail 's contact exporting tool ( under your Gmail inbox folder list ) to create a CSV file or or VCard , for importing into a client like Thunderbird .
The best alternative service :
As long as it's been since Gmail showed up on the scene , the webmail scene has n't seen many exciting new players —
Google has a knack of preempting new competition when it moves into a product category .
So , for the best remaining alternative is a veritable oldie : Yahoo mail .
Consider the facts :
• It 's still free
• It offers unlimited storage
• POP access is available in the free version , and with a little fiddling , so is IMAP access
• Free text messages in certain countries
• The interface does n't look like it was designed in 1999 , like certain other webmail clients .
Advertisement
The matter of Buzz : Now , when you ditch Gmail , you 'll also be losing Google Buzz , which is a sort of location - aware status update system that nobody has really had the time to get into yet .
Do n't worry : Buzz was a response to other services , not a trailblazer , so you 'll be served just fine sticking with Twitter ( which lets you update you status with geolocation ) , FourSquare ( which lets you alert your friends as to which particular establishments you visit , and see what other people think of said establishments ) , and Facebook ( for posting media and accepting comments on it ) .
Buzz did n't have time to become vital , so switching away from it should be easy .
Calendar
Advertisement
Exporting your Google calendars :
This one 's easy .
Just :
1. ) Navigate to your GCal settings page , and click on the Calendars tag .
2. ) Export calendars to an ICS file , like so :
Advertisement
3. ) That 's it !
The best alternative : Yahoo calendar is fine , but in the spirit of spreading your vital info around , let 's go with Windows Live Calendar .
One you 've created a Live ID — you pretty much need one of these nowadays — you 're automatically given a Live Calendar account .
To import your Google Calendars , just do the following :
1. ) Open Live Calendar
2. ) Click " Subscribe "
3. ) Import the ICS file you exported from Gmail , like this :
Advertisement
Photos
Not that many people use Picasa , so this one should be easy .
Plus , there are some obviously superior alternatives .
Advertisement
• Flickr does n't stop at being a great photo sharing site , it 's also an amazing resource for photographers , both expert and amateur .
Storage is limited with a monthly upload cap .
• Photobucket is a simple gallery service , with an emphasis on sharing over archiving .
Storage is limited to 1GB .
• Shutterfly is another super - simple service , with unlimited storage ( Google does n't even offer that for free )
• Facebook should n't be counted out — its photo compression may be aggressive , but it does allow you to upload and tag a virtually unlimited number of photos .
Advertisement
Documents
A lot of people find themselves using Google Docs because it 's just so damn convenient — you receive a document in your Gmail account , and suddenly , hey , it 's in the Google Docs service !
That 's how they get you .
And interestingly enough , despite Google 's acquisition of Writely and subsequent improvements on in the Docs service , there 's still an objectively superior online document editing service out there .
Advertisement
ZoHo Docs is a full online office suit ( among other things ) which does virtually everything Google Docs can do , and often more .
It offers deep document editing , offline editing (! ) , and collaborative editing .
Document compatibility on ZoHo is absolutely tops , and the formatting and editing options far exceed Google Docs .
There 's a text editor , a spreadsheet editor and a presentation editor , to name a few .
Advertisement
Pulling the Plug
So , you 've migrated what you can , and settled into you new services nicely .
Now , it 's time to close your Google account out , once and for all ?
Are you ready ?
Are you sure ?
Ok .
Advertisement
For any grievances you may have about Google 's privacy practices , you have to give them credit for making the process stupidly easy .
1. ) From any Google page , click the Settings link in the top right , then Account Settings from the submenu .
2. ) Next to " My Products " , click the " Edit " link
3. ) From here , choose to delete individual services , or close your Google Account altogether .
Advertisement
4. ) Confirm that you want all of your data deleted .
Advertisement
5. ) DO IT .
Feels strange , does n't it ?
For anyone with enough spite and motivation to follow this guide , though , I suspect " strange " could be replaced with any number of more gracious adjectives .
So , ex-Googlers :
Do you feel better now ?
Advertisement
We could n't cover every last Google service and piece of software , so if you have more tips and alternatives to share , please drop some links in the comments - your feedback is hugely important to our Saturday How To guides .
And if you have any topics you 'd like to see covered here , please let me know .
Happy diversifying , folks !
I ’m glad to announce the first release of our fully managed Theora audio / video decoder implementation for the Silverlight platform !
The Highgate media suite will bring installation - free support for HTML5 streaming video to an additional ~ 40 % of web users overnight .
So , a few drinks will be in order to celebrate the release at the FOSDEM beer event , Friday — drop by !
And of course , I ’d like to invite anyone excited about making open codecs a first class citizen of the Silverlight / Moonlight ecosystem to visit the Mono dev room over the weekend for source code and some frivolous demos between sessions .
Technology
We ’ll be releasing a high - performance decoder for Theora video / Ogg Vorbis audio streams that plugs into the Silverlight 3 streaming media abstraction , as well as a reference front - end player interface and JavaScript bridge layer providing basic compatibility with standard HTML5 media tags , adding support for the standard to Internet Explorer and extending the capabilities of WebKit - based browsers like Safari and Epiphany .
A cunning plan , one might say !
In the early 1980s , about one per cent of adults in Finland had gluten intolerance , but the figure has since gone up to two per cent by the 2000s .
" We 've already seen a similar trend emerge earlier on where allergies and certain autoimmune disorders are concerned .
Screening has shown that gluten intolerance occurs in 1.5 per cent of Finnish children and 2.7 per cent of the elderly .
The higher figure for older people is explained by the fact that the condition becomes more frequent with age , " says Professor Markku Mäki .
Mäki has set up an internationally acclaimed research team on gluten intolerance , developing screening tests for gluten intolerance .
Mäki is head of a research project in the Academy of Finland 's Research Programme on Nutrition , Food and Health ( ELVIRA ) .
According to Mäki , gluten intolerance may often be symptom - free , and people may be unaware that they have the condition if their symptoms are mild or atypical .
Three out of four people with gluten intolerance have not been diagnosed , which also means that they are as yet going without treatment .
Better diagnosis methods needed
Mäki's research team has concluded that the criteria for diagnosing gluten intolerance must be rewritten , since early stages of the condition do not meet the criteria , yet is important to treat .
The current criteria for diagnosis focus on damage to the intestinal villi and the small intestine , established in a tissue sample from the small intestine .
However , early stages of gluten intolerance are not identifiable from tissue samples .
People may suffer from gluten intolerance , yet have no intestinal symptoms .
They may , however , have symptoms unrelated to the intestinal tract .
Serious problems with nutrient absorption have become rare ; instead , sufferers generally have anaemia due to iron deficiency or folic acid deficiency as their main symptom .
If researchers manage to develop sensitive , accurate antibody tests , it will become possible to identify people with early stages of gluten intolerance , who are in need of further treatment .
At present , there is no single test to reliably identify early stages of gluten intolerance .
Sufferers are hoping for a diagnosis method that does not involve endoscopy .
Researchers are hard at work , looking for new and better markers for gluten intolerance to allow for easier diagnosis of the condition .
Patients are also hoping for an ' anti- gluten pill ' .
Mäki says that some form of pill with enzymes that break down gluten may prove feasible in the future .
In 1946 , when Judy Garland starred in a movie called " The Harvey Girls , " no one had to explain the title to the film - going public .
The Harvey Girls were the young women who waited tables at the Fred Harvey restaurant chain , and they were as familiar in their day as Starbucks baristas are today .
In many of the dusty railroad towns out West in the late 1880s and early decades of the 1900s , there was only one place to get a decent meal , one place to take the family for a celebration , one place to eat ...
Every society has to answer a few basic questions in order to succeed and even in order to survive .
One of them is , " How do we make good men ? "
The reason for the importance of this question is simple : Males untutored about how to control their natures will likely do much harm .
Conversely , males who are taught to how to control themselves and to channel their drives in positive directions make the world a much better place .
The good man is a glory of civilization ; the bad man ruins it .
Throughout American history , American society asked , " How do we make men ? "
( It was understood that " man " meant a good man . )
Anyone who thought about the subject knew that boys who are not transformed into men remain boys .
And when too many boys do not grow up into men , women suffer and society suffers .
What is a man ( as opposed to a boy ) ?
The traditional understanding was that a man is he who takes responsibility for others -- for his family , his community and his country -- and , of course , for himself .
A man stood for ideals and values higher than himself .
He conducted himself with dignity .
And he was strong .
For much of American history , making boys into men was understood to be of supreme importance , and society was usually successful .
When I was a boy in the 1950s , without anyone expressly defining it , I knew what a man was supposed to be .
And I knew that society , not to mention my parents , expected me to be one .
It went without explicitly saying so that I would have to make a living , support myself as soon as possible and support a family thereafter .
When I acted immaturely , I was told to be or act like a man .
I wonder how many boys are told to " be a man " today ; and if they were , would they have a clue as to what that meant ?
It would appear that for millions of American boys , this has not been the reality for decades .
Many families and society as a whole seem to have forgotten boys need to be made into men .
There are numerous reasons :
1 . The distinction between men and boys has been largely obliterated .
The older males that many American boys encounter are essentially older boys , not men .
They speak , dress , and act similarly ( think of men who " high - five " young boys instead of shaking their hands ) .
And they are almost all called by their first names .
Even when a boy ( or girl ) addresses an adult male as " Mr. , " many men will correct the young boy or girl -- " Call me " and then give the young person his first name .
This is often true even with regard to teachers , physicians and members of the clergy .
When a young person calls an adult by his first name , the status of the two individuals has been essentially equated .
Boys need men to respect .
It 's not impossible to do so when they call men by their first names , but it makes it much harder .
2 . Boys today have fewer adult men in their lives than ever before .
Many boys are not raised by any father .
More are not raised by a father who lives in the home full time .
Nearly every teacher and principal American boys have in elementary and high school is a female .
The boy 's clergy person and physician may well be women .
And few male figures in contemporary film radiate manhood as defined above .
3 . The ideals of masculinity and femininity have been largely rendered extinct .
Feminism , arguably the most influential American movement of the 20th century , declared war on the concepts of femininity and masculinity .
And for much of the population , it was victorious .
Indeed , thanks to the feminist teaching that male and female human beings are essentially the same ( note , incidentally , that no one argues that male and female animals are the same , only human beings are ) , untold numbers of boys have been raised as if they were like girls .
They were denied masculine toys such as play guns and toy soldiers , and their male forms of play -- e.g. , roughhousing -- were banned .
4. America has become a rights - centered rather than a responsibility - centered society .
Aside from helping to produce a pandemic of narcissism , the rights - centered mindset is the opposite of the obligation / responsibility - centered mindset that makes a boy into a man .
It is not good for either sex to be rights - preoccupied ; but it is particularly devastating to developing men , as men are supposed to be obligation - directed .
The baby boomer generation helped destroy manhood in most of the ways described here .
One additional example was its widespread slogan , " Make love , not war . "
One cannot come up with a more unmanly piece of advice : " Do n't fight for your country , screw girls . "
If the greatest generation had adopted that motto , Hitler and Tojo would have won .
A few years ago , the city of Chicago named a street after Hugh Hefner , a man who has played games much of the day and night , lived in pajamas and devoted his life to sex -- quite a model of manhood for American boys .
5 . There are few places where men can bond with other men .
One major way men become men is by associating with other good men .
The only places left where this normally takes place are sports teams and the military .
The same holds true for boys .
And much of society is now working on breaking the most significant all - boys institution , the Boy Scouts .
6 . Males no longer have distinctive roles .
Men do best when they are relied upon , when needed ; and they feel most needed when they do something distinct from women .
This exists today in sports and the military .
It is symbolic -- significantly so -- that there are no more " men at work " signs on highways .
Now " people " are at work .
" Men " have disappeared .
7 . Many churches and synagogues have been feminized .
This has occurred in at least three important ways : Clergy are increasingly female ( and touchy - feely males ) -- for the first time in Christian and Jewish history ;
God is often depicted as androgynous and no longer either demanding or judging ( He just loves all the time ) ; and religion has been changed from morally and theologically demanding to a therapeutic model .
So religion , too , has become yet another place where boys encounter few men , and few masculine models ( even in God , as noted , is no longer masculine ) .
8. Instead of the traditional American model of masculinity , which was a rare combination of masculine toughness and stoicism with doing good ( e.g. , Superman ) , boys are now taught to be preoccupied with their feelings and with ( unearned ) self - esteem .
They are not even allowed to lose ; all boys playing a sport are given trophies , not just winners .
9 . Increasingly , marriage is regarded as optional .
The most obvious expression of men assuming responsibility -- marrying a woman and taking care of her and their children -- is no longer a male ideal .
Vast numbers of men quite openly admit to having problems with the C- word ( commitment ) and responsibility of being a family 's sole breadwinner .
When boys do not become men , women assume their roles .
But they are not happy doing so .
There are any number of reasons American women suffer from depression more than ever before and more than men .
It is difficult to believe that one of those reasons is not the very emasculation of men that the movement working in their name helped to bring about .
And so , a vicious cycle has commenced -- men stop being men ; women become man- like ; men retreat even further from their manly role ; and women get sadder .
Gao Zhisheng , a prominent Chinese human rights lawyer who went missing more than a year ago , resurfaced this week with a string of phone calls to loved ones and reporters , assuring them of his safety but raising concerns about China 's continued police restrictions .
In conversations with his family , two friends , and three news outlets on Sunday , Mr. Gao said he was at Wutai mountain in northern China , known as a Buddhist retreat , for some peace and quiet .
The break would mark an drastic life change from his career of defending controversial clients such as the banned Falun Gong movement and publicly condemning the Chinese government , an act that landed him in jail and , according to past statements by Gao , led to him being tortured with beatings , electric shocks and stress positions .
Now , " I just want to be in peace and quiet for a while and be reunited with my family , " Gao told the Associated Press .
" Most people belong with family , I have not been with mine for a long time .
This is a mistake and I want to correct this mistake . "
He repeated his desire for a “ quiet life ” to both of the other outlets he spoke to , Reuters and the New York Times .
Guarded
According to those outlets , Gao seemed to be under police surveillance and to have been banned from speaking openly to the media .
“ I ’m fine now , but I ’m not in a position to be interviewed , ” he told the Times .
Gao told Reuters he had been released for the past half year .
He said he would spend time with relatives in the area , but that going to see his wife and two children in the United States was “ not that easy . ”
His family had fled China via Thailand and now enjoys political asylum in America .
“ I am tremendously relieved that my husband is alive , " his wife Geng He said in a statement through Freedom Now , a group that works with prisoners of conscience .
" I am so happy that my children were able to speak to him .
My children and I have not seen their father since January 2009 .
We urge the Chinese government to allow Zhisheng to leave the country and be reunited with us in the United States . ”
Under wraps
Gao ’s track record makes that unlikely .
In 2006 he received a three - year sentence for “ incitement to subversion ” which was then suspended .
The next year , after he sent a letter to the United States Congress criticizing China ’s criminal justice system , he was sent to jail for two months .
In February 2009 , security officials showed up at Gao ’s home , threw a hood over his head , and drove him away .
For the rest of the year , the only public information about his whereabouts was an ambiguous message from a policeman to Gao ’s brother that Gao had “ gone missing . ”
According to the BBC , the brother had received three or four phone calls from Gao since Gao disappeared .
“ I ’m no longer worried .
I just know that he ’s fine , ” Gao Zhiyi said earlier this month to reporters who had gone to his remote hometown in northern China .
But , like his brother , he seemed restrained by the authorities ’ possible reaction .
He urged the journalists to leave quickly .
“ " Please go home soon , do n't stay for too long .
Because if the local authority finds out , it wo n't be nice . ”
This is a revival of the scariest bathroom tool ever created by mankind .
The butterfly knife .
And in this case , it ’s made to be used only on the throat and the face .
Not for killing !
For shaving .
Designer George Christou is very disturbed with the idea that the butterfly knife to the throat for shaving or , as he calls it , the “ art of shaving ” ritual , is about to be gone forever !
So he made a new one !
Christou frowns upon the ease and sissiness – ( see : weak , non-manly , smart ) of modern day shaving tools .
So !
He ’s reviving the butterfly knife for it ’s large , dynamic blade , dual handles , and ability to be customized and extended .
The use of this product , he says , takes time , skill , and effort in order to master .
And it is called the “ G Blade . ”
Not allowed in my house !
Too scary !
NOTE : but I should mention that it is also very beautiful , and certainly would be quite the magical feat to master .
Designer : George Christou
If you 're reading this , no doubt you have you own computer .
Like most people in the developed world , being connected electronically is a way of life .
There is a organization in India that could really use a computer for entering data for patients and monitoring the progress they are making in treating children suffering from a genetic blood disorder .
The organization Nivethan Trust works to save lives of children who have Thalassemia , which is a genetic blood disease that requires the patients , which are mainly children , to go for a transfusion every 21 days .
There are surgical treatments that cure the disorder , and Nivethan works to secure funding for the transfusions , medicines and surgeries for children in Madurai , Tamilnadu , India who suffer from Thhalaassemia ,
If you in a position to donate a computer , please go here for an overview , and then scroll down to Needs where you will see the blurb about donating a computer .
And if you do provide a computer for these folks , please let me know .
Thank you .
Ticket camera corporations like Redflex and American Traffic Solutions are great at extracting the most money possible from drivers in the cities that they partner with .
Unfortunately for them — and fortunately for anyone who values justice — their biggest revenue - producing tricks are starting to be exposed and gradually shut down .
Here ’s how cities ensure that they scam their residents out of the most money possible — straight out of the camera corporation playbook :
1 ) Make sure you let the camera company choose where to place the cameras .
Ticket camera corporations are often given carte blanche when it comes to choosing where their cameras are installed .
The public is told that the cameras will be placed at the most dangerous intersections , but the ticket camera company has no interest in improving safety .
They do have an interest in revenue though , so the cameras always seem to end up at intersections with the most traffic .
If an intersection is dangerous , but has very little traffic , the ticket camera corporation will simply refuse to place a camera there .
This is very rarely publicized because no one directly involved ( the city and the camera corporation ) has any incentive to bring it up .
Letting a private corporation make traffic safety decisions looks bad for the city and the ticket camera corporation does n’t want to jeopardize the extra profits .
Unless the local media is paying attention , the citizens are left completely in the dark — or worse , they only hear the propaganda pushed out by the city and the ticket camera company .
2 ) Shorten yellow light times or take advantage of existing short yellow lights .
Yellow light timing is often the key to reducing red light violations .
According to one study , an increase of 0.5 to 1.5 seconds in yellow - light duration will decrease the frequency of red - light running by at least 50 percent .
There are numerous studies showing similar results .
However , the ticket camera corporations know that high violation rates are the key to making money from red light cameras so they either shorten yellow light times or make sure to place the cameras at intersections where the yellow light time is already too short .
The city goes along with it either out of ignorance or because they want the extra money to pad their budget .
Over the past couple years , through the efforts of the National Motorists Association and the media , this trick has been discovered by the public and they have demanded changes .
For example , thanks to citizen outrage in Georgia , there was a law passed that forced a one - second increase in the duration of the yellow warning light at intersections with red light cameras .
This resulted in huge drops in red light violations and prompted several cities to disband their ticket camera programs .
3 ) Strictly enforce right turn on red violations .
After the yellow light timing trick was exposed , the camera corporations started to focus more on another popular way to drive up revenue at ticket camera intersections — right - turn - on - red violations .
Cities with ticket cameras sell the cameras to the public by explaining that they ’ll help prevent right - angle crashes .
However , the majority of tickets given out inevitably end up being for minor right - turn - on - red violations .
According to the LA Times , Los Angeles officials estimated that 80 % of the red light camera tickets are for right turn on red .
And according to the Chicago Daily Herald , right turn on red violations have accounted for 90 % of the tickets generated in several Illinois communities .
These tickets are often given to drivers who actually stopped safely but were inches over the line .
Right turn on red violations have been proven to have very little effect on driver safety .
In fact , a review of US Department of Transportation statistics shows that an average motorist could drive a billion miles — the distance from Earth to Jupiter and back — before being involved in an accident that resulted from a motorist making a rolling stop on a right - hand turn .
The chorus of drivers who are outraged by this camera corporation tactic is growing louder and many ticket camera cities are considering dropping right turn on red violations to appease the public .
The bottom line is that if cities installed cameras only at the most dangerous intersections , set appropriate yellow light times , and de-emphasized right - turn - on - red violations , their ticket camera program would n’t make enough money to survive .
The cities know this and the camera corporations know this and that ’s why they do the opposite .
But that ’s only if their constituents let them .
In each city , it ’s ultimately up to the citizens to stand up for their interests and say no to the cameras .
Mr. Karzai ’s government was unabashed about the new law .
“ In order to make these truly national commissions , this decree has excluded the foreign members , ” said Ahmad Zia Seyamak Herawi , a deputy spokesman for President Karzai .
Image President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan at a news conference in Kabul last December .
Credit ... Adam Ferguson for The New York Times
“ There can be Afghan and international monitoring bodies to monitor the elections of Afghanistan , but we are not going to allow the foreigners with high salaries to be involved in our elections , ” Mr. Herawi said .
“ As they are not Afghans , they wo n’t care about Afghanistan ’s national interest , and they are creating problems for us . ”
The change in the law was part of “ the process of Afghanization , ” Mr. Herawi said .
The term has been coined by American and other Western diplomats to describe the process of Afghans taking responsibility for their own governing and security .
Afghans have begun to use it , too , to burnish their bona fides as patriots intent on promoting their countrymen .
Indeed , some Afghans appeared to avoid being overly critical of efforts to give Afghans the powerful roles previously filled by Westerners .
Mohammad Kabir Ranjbar , an independent member of Parliament who represents Kabul , supported Afghans assuming a greater role , but he said the government was not yet ready .
“ To Afghanize the process and the complaint commission is something necessary , but it should happen when we have a government to obey the law which we do n’t have yet , ” he said .
Potential candidates in the parliamentary elections found the new law discouraging .
“ His aim is to engineer a Parliament that will be his ‘ yes ’ men , ” said Saleh Registani , a former member of Parliament who was hoping to run again this year .
The loophole Mr. Karzai took advantage of was an apparent contradiction between two provisions in the Afghan Constitution .
“ THIS was the case that was never supposed to happen , ” said Angela Merkel on Friday March 26th , at the end of a short but tense European Union summit in Brussels .
Germany 's chancellor did not need to elaborate .
To her visible distaste , Europe 's leaders had just agreed a mechanism for rescuing Greece from a sovereign credit crunch .
The back story is , by now , familiar .
After joining the European single currency in 2001 , the Greek government and people embarked on a borrowing and spending spree fuelled by the euro zone 's low interest rates , and cooked the books for years until the ghastly day last year when the incoming Socialist government announced that the country 's budget deficit was some 13 % : twice as large as previously admitted .
With markets demanding a 3 % premium over benchmark German rates to buy ten - year Greek debt , EU governments found themselves faced with an unappealing choice : offer financial aid — fiercely opposed by German taxpayers , who would be asked to foot a large part of the bill — or leave Greece to drown in a sea of rising interest payments , possibly imperilling other troubled euro - zone countries , such as Spain and Portugal .
The mechanism agreed late on March 25th by the 16 countries that share the euro was harsh .
At the insistence of Mrs Merkel , Greece will be able to tap into emergency help only if available market financing has been deemed “ insufficient ” by experts from the European Commission and European Central Bank .
In a sign that something terribly serious had been agreed , the declaration used a Latin term , ultima ratio , to describe the last - ditch nature of the mechanism .
Leaders made clear that , for the moment , Greece — which must raise € 54 billion ( $ 72 billion ) of debt this year — had not asked for any assistance , and expressed hopes that Greece 's austerity plans would reassure markets , making a rescue package avoidable .
In a second German demand , a substantial proportion , perhaps a third , of any loans extended to Greece ( or any other euro - area country in a similar pickle ) would come from the International Monetary Fund .
IMF involvement is seen as a guarantee that financing would be subjected to tough conditions .
France had strongly opposed involving the IMF , arguing that it would be a “ humiliation ” for Europe to signal that it was unable to solve its own problems .
However , faced with the risk of a Franco - German split , the French president Nicolas Sarkozy agreed to what he called a “ European compromise ” .
The IMF is now part of the rescue mechanism , but a majority of the money in a rescue package would come from bilateral loans from the 15 other members of the euro zone .
These would be offered at above average euro - area interest rates , to “ set incentives ” for recipients to “ return to market financing as soon as possible ” .
In return , Mr Sarkozy talked up what he said were big concessions to French ambitions for Europe .
In private briefings for the French press , the president celebrated the fact that the mechanism was signed off by a meeting of leaders of the 16 countries of the euro zone , rather than all 27 members of the EU .
That distinction is less arcane than it sounds :
France has long been interested in beefing up the political role of the euro zone , in case it is needed as the inner core of a two - speed Europe , bypassing such laggards as Britain .
Mr Sarkozy also celebrated Mrs Merkel 's agreement that the European Council ( the body that brings together the EU 's national leaders ) should become an “ economic government ” for Europe .
Yet in truth the two leaders mean different things by the phrase .
The Germans would like to see the euro zone 's divergences tamed by the spread of Germanic rigour , and Mrs Merkel said any new “ economic government ” would have to be agreed on by all 27 members of the union ( meaning that sceptical countries such as Britain can stop it going far ) .
The French would like more political intervention in the monetary and fiscal policies of members of the euro zone .
Ireland and the Netherlands objected to the term “ economic government ” , fearing it would alarm voters .
In a European compromise , the term was subjected to what the president of the European Council , Herman Van Rompuy , called “ asymmetric translation ” .
The French version of the declaration talked about gouvernement économique , while the English version called for enhanced “ economic governance ” .
This time , there was no Latin translation .
It 's that time of year again : time to think about what the next year of Ember should hold .
Personally , I feel really great about the community 's effort around the Octane edition .
What 's great about Octane , and any future edition we do , is that it 's a focus on polishing and documenting …
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
There are a few widespread misconceptions about Cloudera , the promising , well - funded Burlingame , Calif . - based startup that offers services , training and support for the open - source software framework Hadoop .
At least that ’s what I found out during a talk earlier today with the company ’s CEO , Mike Olson .
New Horizons for Hadoop
Cloudera , now just over a year old after launching in October of 2008 , has remained a buzz - worthy startup for a number of reasons .
One is that the company employs heavy - hitting folks who helped build Hadoop , such as Doug Cutting .
Another is that it offers much - in - demand support for Hadoop , which has moved well beyond its roots as an Apache - driven open - source platform powering hugely scalable search technology at companies such as Yahoo ( s YHOO ) to many new kinds of complex data query tasks of interest to businesses and organizations of all stripes .
Hadoop is emerging as a powerful tool for sifting extensive data sets in newly useful ways .
In my talk with Olson , he confirmed that Cloudera still sees a lot of “ pent - up demand ” from companies that want to leverage Hadoop ’s power but need help understanding it and using it .
In addition , Cloudera is notable because it ’s leveraging the proven business model that Red Hat has deployed around Linux , building a fee - based support and services infrastructure around free , open - source software .
Red
Hat emerged as one of the big software winners during the recession with such an approach .
But Olson delivered a surprise when he said that it ’s wrong to assume that his company is solely focused on open source software .
On the contrary , Cloudera will diversify out of a strategy focused solely on it .
“ Either this quarter or next we will offer an enterprise software bundle consisting of proprietary enhancements for Hadoop users , ” Olson said .
“ Our proprietary apps will complement the open source core , and , like Facebook and Yahoo , we continue to have core committers to Hadoop . ”
Cloudera already offers its own distribution of Hadoop , which is downloadable for free , as well as its own proprietary Cloudera Desktop software consisting of dashboard and management tools for Hadoop users .
Cloudera Desktop is also currently free , but Olson made clear that , going forward , his company will focus on both free , open - source software and fee - based proprietary software .
The enterprise bundle will be the company ’s first foray into fee - based software .
Big Data ?
Try Medium
Also on the surprise front , Olson does n’t entirely embrace the idea of “ Big Data ” which I suggested is currently the driver of Hadoop ’s success .
“ When I hear that term I think that must be a Google ( s Goog ) thing , ” he said .
“ What about Medium Data ?
We like to say that Facebook does n’t run Hadoop because it has a lot of data , but that Facebook has a lot of data because it runs Hadoop .
Businesses that use Hadoop find that keeping data is worthwhile because Hadoop helps them process it in new ways . ”
Olson confirmed that Cloudera is working with plenty of large firms in possession of huge data sets , but is also working with smaller ones .
So who is doing what with Cloudera ’s Hadoop distribution ?
According to Olson , Hadoop usage is extending way beyond just searching data .
“ We see people interested in it for crunching genomics data , retailers and financial institutions interested in it for processing large sets of transactions , and interest from the health - care and energy industries , ” he said .
You can find discussion of many use cases for Hadoop in these videos .
Cloudera , like many small companies focused on innovative open source - centric strategies and many small companies focused on the cloud , is often cited as an acquisition target .
Olson told me , however , that his company has a shot at remaining a long - term standalone outfit .
“ We have a reasonable chance of doing it , ” he said , while confirming that the company may eventually pursue an IPO .
“ We are n’t actively talking to anyone about any type of merger . ”
Patent Shmatent
I also asked Olson about Google ’s recent move to patent the MapReduce algorithm for working with large data sets that underlies Google searches .
Hadoop is based on a variant of MapReduce , and there have been suggestions made that everyone using Hadoop or MapReduce is in danger following Google ’s patents .
As we noted here , Hadoop really is n’t threatened , though .
“ Google has no track record of using patents offensively , ” Olson noted .
It will be interesting to see what happens to Cloudera as cloud computing and Hadoop - driven data crunching march forward .
Despite the focus on staying independent that company founders cite — and I ’m convinced they are focused on that — I would n’t be surprised to see it get picked up by a larger company .
Related content from GigaOM Pro ( sub req ’d ) :
Yahoo Still Emceeing a Growing Hadoop Lovefest
1 .
It may seem counterintuitive to claim that a writer as abundantly praised and rewarded as Joshua Ferris has been misunderstood and even ill - served by reviewers .
Ferris ’ first novel , Then We Came To The End ( 2007 ) , was immediately heralded in the New Yorker ( “ A masterwork of pitch and tone ” ) , was a finalist for the National Book Award , and by the graded - on - a - curve standards applied to literary fiction , was a rousing commercial success .
His two subsequent novels , The Unnamed ( 2010 ) and To Rise Again At A Decent Hour ( 2014 ) , have also received mostly positive reviews ( To Rise Again is a finalist for the Man Booker Prize ) and have sold well .
He has been interviewed and handsomely photographed at the website of the luxury retailer , Mr. Porter , by Interview , and by Vanity Fair .
He is not yet 40 years old .
Even amid the laurels , however , there has been a degree of interpretive failure , a misunderstanding of the kind of writer Ferris is and of the large scale of his ambition .
Ferris set out from the UC - Irvine MFA program ( whose other alumni include Richard Ford and Michael Chabon ) in 2003 with at least three major advantages over most young writers on the make .
First , and most obviously , he has very unusual linguistic ability , a quality necessary but generally not sufficient to distinction ; he is a gifted literary “ athlete . ”
Second , while others dither , Ferris seems to have a strong conviction in the potency of the novel as a genre , one capable of accommodating both the largest philosophical concerns and close , the - way - we - live - now observation under the same roof ; possessing that conviction , Ferris by all accounts works very hard at his writing .
Finally , Ferris has a strong sense of his subject matter , or rather , several interrelated matters : the very large place of business in American life ; the role of technology , particularly in its more pernicious effects ; and the social isolation and loss of a sense of the commonweal that have been among the byproducts of our digital abundance .
He is not the only name - brand writer working this patch of ground ; Don DeLillo is an obvious forebear , as Ferris has noted in interviews , but Ferris is less wised - up than DeLillo , more willing to risk sentimentality .
For DeLillo , there is no escape from the prison - house of modern life ; Ferris is still trying all the doors .
Ferris makes a strong demand upon his readers , but that demand is not principally syntactic .
He is not a particularly ambitious prose stylist , though he is a very precise and controlled one .
He is not generally given to lyricism or otherwise heightened language .
He abjures “ fine writing ” in the usual sense , merging his syntax entirely with his narrative aims .
He is therefore not particularly quotable , but he does cultivate a certain strangeness , a tendency to wrong foot the reader through the sudden introduction of a grotesque or perverse element .
Like Jonathan Franzen , he has a strong prescriptivist streak about which it does not occur to him to be embarrassed .
He uses humor to leaven what gradually emerges as a rather severe Emersonian message about the state of the American soul in the consumer age .
He really does want you to put away your iPhone — no kidding .
2 .
The lives of office workers seem to lend themselves more easily to comedy than to drama , perhaps because so little is at stake .
Ferris starts with the comedy in his first novel , Then We Came To The End , set in a mid-sized Chicago advertising agency that is rapidly circling the drain .
The agency ’s employees are slowly driven to the brink of madness by serial rounds of layoffs .
Confronted with the possibility that they will be ejected from the middle class , they become selfish and scheming , almost feral in their desire to cling to an office identity that they probably never consciously sought but that they now suspect they would suffer hideously without .
Ferris wrings his laughs from his cubicle - dwellers ’ fear of their bosses and their livid hatred of one another .
Ferris ’s advertising “ creatives ” are funny and pathetic because of their helplessness , not in the sense of their being victims but rather of their being unable to escape themselves .
Moment by moment , they confess their pettiness and self - regard .
How we hated our coffee mugs !
our mouse pads , our desk clocks , our daily calendars , the contents of our desk drawers .
Even the photos of our loved ones taped to our computer monitors for uplift and support turned into cloying reminders of time served .
But when we got a new office , a bigger office , and we brought everything with us into our new office , how we loved everything all over again , and thought hard about where to place things , and looked with satisfaction at the end of the day at how well our old things looked in this new , improved , important space .
There was no doubt in our minds just then that we had made all the right decisions , whereas most days we were men and women of two minds .
Everywhere you looked , in the hallways and bathrooms , the coffee bar and cafeteria , the lobbies and the print stations , there we were with our two minds .
There seemed to be only one electric pencil sharpener in the whole damn place .
Comedy is the first dominant note , but comedy ’s pressure on personality creates fissures through which notes of stasis and despair soon begin to appear .
An older worker dies , leaving behind in his colleagues vaguely valedictory feelings but little in the way of specific recollections .
One terminated employee continues to sneak into the office to work on his resume .
Another unravels spectacularly , seeming to threaten violence against those who remain .
This latter character serves roughly the same narrative function as John Givings in Revolutionary Road ( a novel Ferris admires ) , the madman who is also a purveyor of uncomfortable truths about the way the others live .
The news is not good .
It would not be quite accurate to say that Ferris belongs , with Vonnegut or Heller , to the black comedy genre .
In those writers , the comic and the tragic sensibilities have fused into a single characteristic tone .
This may be why Vonnegut and Heller wear on some readers ; they play the same chord over and over , albeit with brilliant variations .
In Ferris , by contrast , the comic and the tragic are competing motifs , locked in internecine conflict .
Sometimes they negotiate an uneasy peace , and coexist rancorously for a few pages like Balkan neighbors .
But that peace is not an equilibrium , and in Ferris , the tragic finally triumphs .
Then We Came is partly a triumph of technique .
It is an extraordinarily disciplined piece of fiction for a writer so young .
The creation of any novel involves the construction of limits , experiential , expressive , and syntactic ; a novelist seeks islands of refuge within the vast sea of experience .
In his first novel , Ferris dwells upon a very small island indeed .
The principal limitation he imposes on himself is the use of the first person plural , which he departs from only in a crucial middle section ( which Ferris has called “ the heart of the novel ” ) rendered from the point of view of a woman facing breast cancer surgery alone , rifling through her inner resources like a burglar .
What she finds there is : not much .
The use of “ we ” creates a fascinating tension in a novel whose principal theme seems to be the trap of corporate identity .
Work relationships for Ferris have a certain urgency , but they are not real .
We know they are not real because they do not survive an employee ’s departure from the business ; it is therefore the corporation that has decided they should end .
Ferris is very much concerned with how we come to have a self , or sadly fail to do so , and his conception of the self is finally rather traditional .
In his work , the near at hand and the authentic rarely coincide .
Being a person rather than a nexus of consumer messages is hard work , and there is risk involved , and probably a good deal of reading .
Digital culture is one of his subjects , but Ferris is analog all the way .
3 .
The lukewarm reception afforded Ferris ’s second novel , The Unnamed , may one day be regarded with puzzlement .
Like Sandy Bates , the alienated filmmaker in Woody Allen ’s Stardust Memories whose fans love his “ early , funny ” movies best , Ferris made the unforgivable error of setting up expectations with Then We Came that he then declined to fulfill in his subsequent work .
The Unnamed asks a great deal of its readers — asks them , in effect , to suffer alongside its central character , Tim Farnsworth — and some critics seemed to find such a demand impertinent coming from a writer whom they thought of as acidly comic , a Ricky Gervais of the printed word .
In retrospect , it should have been obvious that despite the basic comic mode of Then We Came , Ferris is a very self - serious young novelist .
That novel ’s dark subtext was not well apprehended even by reviewers who raved about the book , and this partial interpretive failure as to Ferris ’s first novel created the conditions for a more comprehensive failure as to his second .
Tim Farnsworth is a hard - charging Manhattan corporate litigator , a handsome , overworked middle - aged man whose identity is tied to the profession at which he excels and that he seems to find almost embarrassingly gratifying .
He is happily married , and he wishes to be a good husband and father using what little of his time his legal practice leaves him .
And then one day , carried by an impulse he neither understands nor can control , he walks out of his office , leaving behind an important client .
He is a case for the medical journals , the victim of an idiopathic illness , which is to say one that puzzles even the most expensive specialists .
He is fitted for a helmet intended to isolate his neurological disturbance ( it does not ) .
His illness abates and then recurs , and each time the compulsion is more ungovernable .
He loses his law practice , and then his home ; he becomes a vagabond with an American Express card , walking for days until he falls into fathomless sleep , frequently dirty , sometimes incoherent , making a hobo ’s tour of America .
His wife , Jane , keeps the phone under her pillow , drives the Mercedes through the night to retrieve him when he calls , exhorts him to carry on .
Gradually he is driven from the family of man almost entirely ; he loses his fingers to frostbite , his sanity to the shock of his circumstances .
Finally , he seems to give up entirely .
His wife and daughter are left to go on without him .
More than this cannot be said , except that they are eventually reunited , albeit only briefly .
Tim and Jane Farnsworth continue to cling to each other long past the point when reason , not to mention the intensity of their suffering , should have pulled them apart .
They have the kind of us - against - the - world marriage that all of us want but almost no one actually has .
This in spite of the fact that Jane is generally quite clear - eyed about her husband , even in health , and realistic about what his progressive illness means for their chances of recapturing the charmed life they once knew .
Was she up for this ?
She lay in bed under the covers , her breath visible in the slant moonlight .
Really up for it ?
The long matrimonial haul was accomplished in cycles .
One cycle of bad breath , one cycle of renewed desire , a third cycle of breakdown and small avoidances , still another of plays and dinners that spurred a conversation between them late at night that reminded her of their like minds and the pleasure they took in each other ’s talk .
And then back to hating him for not taking out the garbage on Wednesday .
That was the struggle .
Sickness and death , caretaking , the martyrdom of matrimony — that was fluff stuff .
When the vows kick in , you do n’t even blink .
You just do .
She had to be up for it .
Jane Farnsworth seems at first to be a type , someone we might see coming out of Lincoln Center in a gown , the lady of a certain age , who knows how to wear jewelry : the elegant wife of one of the princes of Manhattan ’s corporate and professional world .
In some ways , Jane plays to type .
When Tim loses his partnership , Jane gets her real estate license and starts selling co-ops : the expected career for an expensively educated woman without meaningful work experience .
And she goes through a period of drinking too much white wine , which is even the expected brand of alcoholism for her socioeconomic status .
But Jane is both smarter and less complacent than one might expect , and she turns out to have unexpected inner resources .
She keeps alive a memory of her life with Tim that has nothing to do with the gown or the Mercedes .
It turns out that in addition to expounding the aridities of professional life , The Unnamed is also , improbably , a love story .
The Unnamed is daring in its reliance on a book - length metaphor , that of Tim Farnsworth ’s unexplained illness , that must be left somewhat indeterminate .
The readily available interpretation is that Tim ’s walking compulsion has a spiritual rather than physical etiology .
Like the female executive in Then We Came , he is outwardly successful but inwardly incomplete .
In the service of his law career , he has forsaken his irreducible human complexity and come to think of himself only as a warrior .
By thus betraying his own nature , he has become a stranger to his family and to some degree to himself .
And finally his spirit has rebelled , asserting itself through the body because that is the only strategy it has left .
This account is too neat in many respects , but there does not seem to be much question that we are meant to connect Tim ’s motor compulsion to a suppressed inner turmoil .
But Tim ’s suffering is also something of a mystery , a Job - like afflicting of a man who has been to some extent absent from his own life but who remains basically decent .
The novel invites us to project our own anxieties onto the story of his fall , a strategy not without risk .
It is difficult to say exactly why this approach succeeds — why it does not seem like an abdication of a novelist ’s creative duty to know everything about his characters .
Ferris must have contemplated saying more , and one can imagine discarded drafts that make his intended meaning more plain .
In this and in other respects , The Unnamed invokes Melville ’s Bartleby the Scrivener , the Wall Street law clerk of an earlier era whose sudden , unexplained refusal to perform his job after many years of loyal service to his employer haunted that employer and has unsettled readers for a century and a half .
It happens that I worked with Ferris ’s wife , Elizabeth Kennedy , at the Manhattan law firm that Ferris drew upon to create Tim Farnsworth ’s professional world .
( I admired Kennedy ’s talent as a lawyer , but we were not friends , and I do not know Ferris .
Kennedy has since left the law and published a novel of her own . )
This gives me no special insight into Ferris ’s work , since “ Troyer , Barr ” is not the Cravath , Swaine & Moore LLP where Kennedy and I worked , not the serious professional enterprise that takes up expensive commercial office space in New York and London , but a place of the writer ’s imagination ( even if a few stock Cravath anecdotes have been borrowed and repurposed ) .
But my acquaintance with Troyer , Barr ’s storied antecedent did cause me to think about the way writers metabolize experience and render it heightened , refined , and purposive on the page in the way that life rarely is .
Ferris invokes the world of a white shoe Manhattan law firm in a relatively small number of decisive strokes , the way Daumier did the Paris bar , swiftly but indelibly , with tolerance enough but without sentiment .
Another writer might have given us several knowing paragraphs on the Janus - faced relations between the partners ; on the process by which students are selected from the top law schools to join the firm ; or on the provenance of the art hanging on the walls , or the woods and lacquers used in the bespoke conference room tables on the top floors .
Ferris surely knows all about these things .
But he also knows something more , something better .
He inhabits his fictional firm rather than describing it from the outside .
He knows what a novelist knows .
4 .
Ferris ’s most recent novel , To Rise Again At A Decent Hour , is like The Unnamed in that it layers over a recognizable social setting a small but pervasive strangeness , disturbing the settled life of a man who has achieved ( if that is the right word ) a privileged and complacent life .
Paul O’Rourke is a successful Manhattan dentist with a good practice and no family .
He is an overachiever , a grind , a man of little social instinct and almost as little feeling .
He finds himself at first annoyed , and then more and more disturbed , by a curious phenomenon : someone has created a website that purports to belong to his dental practice .
This website is conventional in form , but it begins to feature cabalistic writings that , after an increasingly fevered investigation , O’Rourke finally connects to a shadowy religious movement .
The movement ’s representatives claim that O’Rourke is one of them — that he can trace his roots to an ancient people called the Ulms , who conceive of themselves as uniquely chosen to fulfill a Biblical destiny .
O’Rourke is drawn deeper into their network , meeting a prominent and charismatic hedge fund manager who is also among the elect .
O’Rourke never quite relinquishes his skepticism of the Ulms , but his equilibrium is definitely disturbed and in some way he finds himself awakened .
In the end , however , the Ulms disappear much the way that they came , and O’Rourke is thrown back on himself .
As in The Unnamed , the metaphysical mystery remains unsolved .
Initially , To Rise Again seems burdened by a weakness of voice , surprising in that Ferris ’s prior novels showed such extraordinary command of voice , indeed were built in large part on that single virtuosic ability .
But the muffled quality of the narration in the first 100 pages of To Rise Again turns out to be not a technical failure but a strategic choice .
Each Ferris novel is characterized by a doubled sense of arrival or becoming ; we know that Ferris must resolve his plot , but there is also a secondary mystery , that of how he will write his way out of some technical quandary to which , Houdini - like , he has voluntarily submitted .
In Then We Came To The End , it was his much - remarked use of the first person plural ; in The Unnamed , it was giving Tim Farnsworth an illness that had to be specific and devastating in its effects but remain vague in its etiology , and to make of this vagueness a strength , an interpretive enlargement , rather than something that wears away the reader ’s affection .
In making the narrator of To Rise Again unredeemably dull , Ferris sets up a different problem : how to write a compelling novel about a man who is not compelling even to himself .
In Paul O’Rourke , Ferris deliberately gives us a man worn smooth by convention — a man who is no one in particular .
Of course , in life many of us are no one in particular , are merely a collection of second hand attitudes and weakly motivated affections .
But in fiction it is the convention to emphasize what is most telling and authentic in character , which is largely what makes the characters in a novel paradoxically so much more vivid than the people we encounter in life .
It is tempting to say that O’Rourke is depressed , but it is more accurate to say that he is soul - sick in a way that clinical psychology does not have a term for – and this seems to be Ferris ’s project as a writer , to develop that vocabulary and also , perhaps , to gesture toward a cure .
It might also be said that Paul O’Rourke is an empty vessel by narrative necessity and that the story of To Rise Again is that of his being filled , briefly , by a species of alluring , Scientology - like cabalistic nonsense , only to find himself empty again at the end when the illusion fades .
Such a fate can only befall a protagonist who begins in a condition of spiritual emptiness .
It so happens that Joshua Ferris has diagnosed this condition in many of his fellow Americans , which is what gives his work much of its motivation and its urgency .
To Rise Again also displays Ferris ’ cultivated hostility to digital culture , about which he has commented publicly and which is real enough .
It would be a mistake , however , to over - read this element of his critique of contemporary culture and to turn him into a McLuhan figure .
Technology in Ferris is a telling symptom , even a kind of signature trait , but it is not the disease itself .
Facebook may provide an at - hand means of escaping our broader ethical responsibilities , but the urge to escape is not new .
For Ferris , the most humane act is listening , and this is the thing his characters are most tellingly unable to do .
Because they are unable to listen , to attend to others , they cannot know them ; because they cannot know the people around them , they are essentially alone ; and being , despite their inability to listen , basically social creatures , they suffer in their isolation .
But their suffering is not Mark Zuckerberg ’s responsibility , and in any event he does not care .
5 .
Ferris inhabits the genre of the novel as few writers do , even very good ones .
It is always tempting , perhaps especially for the ambitious novelist , to resort to devices that seem to deliver the message more efficiently : the embedded essay ; the set piece character introduction ; extended exposition .
Ferris diligently resists all of these temptations , preferring to work almost constantly at the intersection of character and narrative , with dialogue and action thus doubly motivated .
Another way to say this is that Ferris believes absolutely in the plasticity of the novel , its unique work as a genre .
He is not looking for a way out .
Like Wallace and Franzen , Ferris is rooted in the Midwest , and he dwells rhetorically within the culture of the American middle even as he satirizes it .
At the same time , the virtues he seems prepared to endorse are not those of our blighted contemporaneity but older , possibly even mythological American virtues : self - reliance , the dignity of work ( of the proper sort ) , the authenticity of unmediated experience .
He pointedly rejects religion , but he sometimes talks like a preacher , and his prophecy is dark .
For Ferris , our culture is full of traps and lures ; what is sold to us with the cant of spontaneity and free expression is gradually revealed to be ersatz and despair - inducing , just a way of separating us from our money .
Our desire for belonging is ruthlessly exploited ; our wanting makes us vulnerable , and our love makes us weak .
Ferris is often a very funny writer , but the paradox of his work is that if you laugh too long , you may miss the fact that the joke of our cultural moment is on us all .
Resistance is imperative .
If Ferris ’s art has lacked anything it has only been a sense of scale .
To date he has been a kind of “ domestic ” novelist , albeit an especially compelling one .
Of course , the domestic novel can sometimes throw into relief the very largest human questions , and there is no doubt that Ferris regards these as his proper quarry , or that certain of them — including what it might mean to have a soul , and whether the concept of the soul can have any meaning in the absence of God — have always lay beneath the sometimes antic surface of his narratives .
Ferris has deliberately chosen to work within a small frame , which highlights his gifts of linguistic discipline and narrative economy but threatens now to constrain his vision .
A sprawling , socially ambitious book , even a putative failure , written in a new register or multiple registers , might be the best possible next move for him .
To risk sentimentality , or imprecision or vagueness of expression — to reach for slightly more than he can grasp — may be anathema to the author of so austere and unyielding a novel as The Unnamed .
But the rewards , whether harvested now or later as the result of some fuller maturity , could be immense .
A writer of Ferris ’s talent and conviction appears only rarely .
That the fullest realization of that talent be achieved matters greatly , insofar as the American novel matters at all .
On 1 January 2012 , the office of the military advocate for operational matters notified B’Tselem that it had instructed the military police to investigate the allegations .
On the morning of 10 February , Muhammad Subuh , 17 , Saleh Abu Leylah , 16 , and Maher Ghanem , 21 , were in the area of the Israeli settlements that had been evacuated in the northern Gaza Strip , near the border with Israel .
They were gathering wood , which they needed for cooking .
Gas for cooking is lacking in the area due to the reduction in importation of cooking gas as part of the siege on the Strip .
After the Palestinians had been gathering wood for a while , Israeli soldiers approached them .
Muhammad Subuh described what happened then :
The soldiers stopped about 150 meters from us and kneeled into firing position .
I rushed to gather the wood .
One of the soldiers fired , hitting me in the right hand .
Then he fired again and hit me in the chest , on the right side , and then another shot grazed the front of my chest .
I fell to the ground .
My two friends who were with me raised their hands and did n't move .
According to the testimonies given by the three youths , following the shooting , the soldiers gave Subuh first - aid and ordered Ghanem and Abu Leylah to carry him to the border , where the soldiers put him into an army vehicle which then drove away .
Abu Leylah and Ghanem were then taken to a location in Israel , where they were held separately for about two hours , their hands bound and blindfolded the whole time .
They were then questioned about their actions near the border .
After that , they were driven in separate vehicles to Erez Crossing .
Abu Leylah related what happened on the way :
They drove me in a jeep for about half an hour .
On the way , the jeep stopped from time to time , and the soldiers took me out , hit me in the neck , and pulled my hair .
They accused me of being in Hamas .
I told them I was n't .
A soldier burned my left hand with a cigarette .
We got to Erez Crossing .
The soldiers took me out of the jeep .
They removed the cuffs and blindfold .
I saw them remove Maher from another jeep .
From there , we returned to Gaza .
Ghanem , too , related what happened on the way to Erez Crossing :
Two hours later , they put us into an army jeep , each of us separately .
On the way , the jeep stopped a few times .
The soldiers opened the back door and swore at me and hit me in the face and neck , and put out cigarettes on my hands .
They did this a few times , until we got to Erez Crossing .
At the crossing , I joined Saleh again , and we stayed there for about an hour , until they released us ./>
The two were released at Erez Crossing .
Subuh was treated at Barzilai Hospital , in Ashkelon , where he underwent surgery .
He was discharged from the hospital four days later and was taken to Erez Crossing , where he was released without having been interrogated .
The testimonies stating that the shooting was not preceded by a warning is consistent with previous reports indicating that the IDF has classified extensive areas adjacent to the perimeter fence “ death zones ” and that orders permit soldiers to open fire automatically at anybody who enters the area , regardless of the circumstances .
Leaflets distributed by the army in the area explicitly state that anyone who comes within 300 meters of the perimeter fence “ endangers his life ” , and that the soldiers are authorized to open fire .
A fundamental principle of international humanitarian law is the distinction between combatants and civilians who are not taking part in the hostilities .
Attacks intended to harm civilians is absolutely prohibited .
When there is question whether persons are civilians or combatants , they must be treated as civilians .
Opening fire automatically at every person who enters a certain area , regardless of the person 's identity or the circumstances of his being there , as in the cases described above , is “ indiscriminate firing ” , which could be considered a war crime .
The case involved three persons , two of them minors , who were gathering wood in daylight and were not endangering anybody .
The fact that the army released them a few hours after the incident reinforces the contention that they were not involved in any activity against Israel .
Based on the above , the shooting blatantly breached international humanitarian law .
If the army 's open - fire regulations allow firing in such a circumstance , the provisions must be nullified immediately .
In a letter to the Judge Advocate General 's Office , B'Tselem demanded an investigation into the shooting of Muhammad Subuh and the violent treatment of Maher Ghanem and Saleh Abu Leylah .
Pensioenfunds Detailhandel : Aligning pension fund equity investments with the UN Sustainable Development Goals
It ’s a challenge faced by a growing number of pension funds : matching the values and concerns of their members with a rigorous , financially robust investment strategy .
In this Q&A , the Pensioenfunds Detailhandel ’s head of investments Henk Groot explains how the Dutch pension fund married the UN SDGs to its return objectives .
Das Heizhaus ( 1914 ) ( the building that contains the boiler for the hot water heating system of the first and later second Goetheanums ) .
In his form follows function method the building is dominated by the smokestack , while the two qualified towers in the front are reminiscent of boilers .
Das Heizhaus ( 1914 ) ( the building that contains the boiler for the hot water heating system of the first and later second Goetheanums ) .
View of the chimney through pine trees .
Chimney of Das Heizhaus ( 1914 ) ( the building that contains the boiler for the hot water heating system of the first and later second Goetheanums ) .
Plasticine model and finished building of Rudolf Steiner 's Das Heizhaus ( 1914 ) ( the building that contains the boiler for the hot water heating system of the first and later second Goetheanums ) .
Details of the door and windows of Rudolf Steiner 's Das Heizhaus ( 1914 ) ( the building that contains the boiler for the hot water heating system of the first and later second Goetheanums ) .
Details of the door and windows of Rudolf Steiner 's Das Heizhaus ( 1914 ) ( the building that contains the boiler for the hot water heating system of the first and later second Goetheanums ) .
Back view of Rudolf Steiner 's Das Heizhaus ( 1914 ) ( the building that contains the boiler for the hot water heating system of the first and later second Goetheanums ) with the second Goetheanum behind it .
Back view of Rudolf Steiner 's Das Heizhaus ( 1914 ) ( the building that contains the boiler for the hot water heating system of the first and later second Goetheanums ) with the second Goetheanum behind it .
Chimney of Rudolf Steiner 's Das Heizhaus ( 1914 ) ( the building that contains the boiler for the hot water heating system of the first and later second Goetheanums ) .
Front view of Rudolf Steiner 's Das Heizhaus ( 1914 ) ( the building that contains the boiler for the hot water heating system of the first and later second Goetheanums ) .
Side view of Rudolf Steiner 's Das Heizhaus ( 1914 ) ( the building that contains the boiler for the hot water heating system of the first and later second Goetheanums )
Handrail for the stairs in Rudolf Steiner 's Das Heizhaus ( 1914 ) ( the building that contains the boiler for the hot water heating system of the first and later second Goetheanums ) , designed by Rudolf Steiner .
View down on Haus Duldek , designed by Rudolf Steiner 1915 - 1916 , from the second Goetheanum
Haus Duldeck , designed by Rudolf Steiner 1915 - 1916 ( photographed in the 1970s ) .
Detail of Haus Duldeck , designed by Rudolf Steiner 1915 - 1916 ( photographed in the 1970s ) .
Detail of Haus Duldeck , designed by Rudolf Steiner 1915 - 1916 ( photographed in the 1970s ) .
Haus Duldeck , designed by Rudolf Steiner 1915 - 1916 ( photographed in the 1970s ) .
Detail of a side door from Haus Duldeck , designed by Rudolf Steiner 1915 - 1916 ( photographed in the 1970s ) .
Detail of the right edgeof the main entrance stairway of Haus Duldeck , designed by Rudolf Steiner 1915 - 1916 ( photographed in the 1970s ) .
Plasticine model for Haus Duldeck , designed by Rudolf Steiner 1915 - 1916 ( photographed in the 1970s ) .
Side door of Haus Duldeck , designed by Rudolf Steiner 1915 - 1916 ( photographed in the 1970s ) .
Lateral front view of Haus Duldeck , designed by Rudolf Steiner 1915 - 1916 ( photographed in the 1970s ) .
Front view of Haus Duldeck , designed by Rudolf Steiner 1915 - 1916 ( photographed in the 1970s ) .
Front view with trees of Haus Duldeck , designed by Rudolf Steiner 1915 - 1916 ( photographed in the 1970s ) .
Detail of Haus Duldeck , designed by Rudolf Steiner 1915 - 1916 ( photographed in the 1970s ) .
Detail of Haus Duldeck , designed by Rudolf Steiner 1915 - 1916 ( photographed in the 1970s ) .
Early plasticine model for Haus de Jaager , designed by Rudolf Steiner 1921 - 1922 ( photographed in the 1970s ) .
Rear facade of Haus de Jaager , designed by Rudolf Steiner 1921 - 1922 ( photographed in the 1970s ) .
Plasticine model for Haus de Jaager , designed by Rudolf Steiner 1921 - 1922 ( photographed in the 1970s ) .
close - up of rear facade of Haus de Jaager , designed by Rudolf Steiner 1921 - 1922 ( photographed in the 1970s ) .
Rudolf - Steiner - Halde ( Eurythmeum ) , constructed 1924 and expanded in 1935 .
The building serves as a training center for students of the movement art in Eurythmy .
Rudolf - Steiner - Halde ( Eurythmeum ) , constructed 1924 and expanded in 1935 .
The building serves as a training center for students of the movement art in Eurythmy .
Rudolf - Steiner - Halde ( Eurythmeum ) , constructed 1924 and expanded in 1935 .
The building serves as a training center for students of the movement art in Eurythmy .
Plasticine model for the Rudolf - Steiner - Halde ( Eurythmeum ) , constructed 1924 .
The building was to serve as a training center for students of the new movement art in Eurythmy .
Rudolf - Steiner - Halde ( Eurythmeum ) , constructed 1924 and expanded in 1935 .
The building serves as a training center for students of the movement art in Eurythmy .
Detail of the front steps to the Rudolf - Steiner - Halde ( Eurythmeum ) , constructed 1924 and expanded in 1935 .
The building serves as a training center for students of the movement art in Eurythmy .
Entrance at night .
Rudolf - Steiner - Halde ( Eurythmeum ) , constructed 1924 and expanded in 1935 .
The building serves as a training center for students of the movement art in Eurythmy .
Rudolf - Steiner - Halde ( Eurythmeum ) , constructed 1924 and expanded in 1935 .
The building serves as a training center for students of the movement art in Eurythmy .
The art workshop where the glass windows for the first Goetheanum were built , called the " Glasshaus " ( 1914 )
The art workshop where the glass windows for the first Goetheanum were built , called the " Glasshaus " ( 1914 )
For the first time in recent history , the lobbying , grassroots and advertising budget of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce has surpassed the spending of BOTH the Republican National Committee and Democratic National Committee .
As it turns out , the surge of contributions into the U.S. Chamber has already caused its budget on lobbying , grassroots and advertising to surpass that of both the Republican National Committee and the Democratic National Committee for the first time in recent memory .
According to The Center for Responsive Politics , the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and its national subsidiaries spent $ 144.5 million in 2009 , far more than the RNC and more than double the expenditures by the DNC .
The Chamber spent much of its money in 2009 on campaigns that worked -- it scared the Senate away from considering a version of the Waxman - Markey cap - and - trade legislation , and an argument can be made that its cutting ads on health care ( with money taken from some insurance companies ) helped to undercut support for the legislation .
The Chamber spent much of its money in 2009 on campaigns that worked -- it scared the Senate away from considering a version of the Waxman - Markey cap - and - trade legislation , and an argument can be made that its cutting ads on health care ( with money taken from some insurance companies ) helped to undercut support for the legislation .
This is significant .
It means that the Great Transition has already begun .
In the days following the decision in Citizens United , campaign finance experts predicted that the decision would open the floodgates of money for trade associations like the Chamber of Commerce .
The influx of corporate money , according to some , would weaken the power of the political parties and candidates and lead the political parties to become less important .
Republican lawyer Ben Ginsberg went so far as to say that the parties would be " threatened by extinction . "
And Ginsberg supports the CU decision !
Included in the U.S. Chamber amount are expenditures of about $ 1 million each in Virginia and Massachusetts on electioneering in off - year contests in those states , and sizeable spending on advertising campaigns in key states and districts aimed at defeating health care , climate change and financial reform legislation .
The U.S. Chamber 's expenditures this year even exceeded expenditures of many committees in 2008 .
That year , the DCCC spent $ 142.9 million , the DSCC spent $ 136.5 million , the NRSC spent $ 73.9 million , and the NRCC spent $ 72.7 million .
Finally , it 's worth noting that none of the contributions that made up this $ 145 million were subject to disclosure .
Ginsberg also believed that this would be a factor in the expected flood of contributions , noting that 501c6s -- the section of the tax code under which the Chamber is organized -- were " [ l ] ikely to emerge as the biggest players in the 2010 and 2012 elections , ideological groups and trade associations also have been granted the ability to engage much more robustly in the political process .
Meager disclosure requirements of their donors will make them a favorite repository of funds for independent expenditures . "
Yep .
BTW :
The method of reporting chosen by the Chamber reflects all lobbying activity as well as grassroots and issue communication .
While party expenditures surge during presidential election years , it is important to keep in mind that the U.S. Chamber has a policy against becoming involved in presidential races .
2002 marked a significant surge in Chamber spending , from approximately $ 20 million in 2001 to more than $ 40 million in 2002 .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Are three hours of your time worth $ 27,500 ?
If they 're spent in an airplane on the tarmac , then the U.S. Department of Transportation says they are .
In December , the government announced that it would soon begin enforcing new rules that fine airlines per passengers for any tarmac delay that lasts more than three hours .
The fines go into effect on April 29 , meaning that a delayed 747 jammed full of people headed to their summer vacations could cost the airline more than $ 13 million .
But wait !
If a flight is canceled , then the fine is void .
Too bad no one can see the future to know what will happen next .
Just kidding .
We know exactly what will happen next .
So let 's just go ahead and make this an official announcement : Starting in April , every flight that is delayed more than three hours in the United States of America is canceled .
The flight that was delayed for the rainstorm that shows signs of clearing at 2 hours and 55 minutes ?
Canceled .
The flight delayed for a repair that will take 3 hours and 4 minutes ?
Canceled .
And , of course , should an airline violate the delay rules and be forced to pay the fine , the cash wo n't go the passengers .
But the passengers sleeping on the floor of the airport will enjoy the full realization of their " fundamental right to be treated with respect , " according to Department of Transportation spokeswoman Maureen Knightly .
So that 's nice .
It sucks to be stuck on a plane for hours .
No doubt about that .
But in the government 's traditional follow - but - pretend - you 're - leading role , the new federal rules come three years after JetBlue garnered a bunch of negative publicity for a stranded flight on Valentine 's Day in 2007 and immediately changed its policy to a four hour max wait rule .
The rule caused cancellations to quintuple .
Via Jacob Grier .
FarmVille , the massively popular Facebook game , surpassed 80 million monthly active users this week ( source : AppData ) .
Facebook has around 400 million users in total .
FarmVille has been a breakout hit , with its active user count growing by around 10 million users per month .
Note that this is n't simply signups :
This is a count of people using the app at least once in the 30 - day span .
FarmVille 's daily active user count is currently 29.7 million — that 's almost 30 million people using FarmVille every day .
FarmVille 's parent company , Zynga , was valued at 1 billion dollars late last year .
The conservative blogosphere is abuzz about the new logo of the US Missile Defense Agency , which they say looks suspiciously similar to both the Obama campaign logo and the crescent moon typically seen on Islamic flags .
On Wednesday , the Drudge Report posted a picture of the agency ’s new logo — a blue crescent with a wave of red stripes emerging from it — above pictures of the Obama campaign logo and a crescent moon and star , a typical theme on flags of Islamic nations .
ADVERTISEMENT
But the particular crescent moon chosen by Drudge appears not to be part of any flag , but rather the symbol of the Nation of Islam .
“ New Missile Defense Agency Logo Causes Online Commotion , ” reads the Drudge headline , though it links only to the home page of the Missile Defense Agency .
Another headline below links to the Wikipedia page on Islamic flags , which does not feature the crescent “ flag ” Drudge used .
Blogger Frank Gaffney , writing at BigGovernment.com , a Web site run by Drudge ally Andrew Breitbart , says the new logo may be a sign that the Obama administration has “ nefarious ” plans for US defense .
“ The Obama administration ’s determined effort to reduce America ’s missile defense capabilities initially seemed to be just standard Leftist fare , ” Gaffney writes , but the new agency logo “ suggests , however , that something even more nefarious is afoot . ”
Gaffney writes that the logo suggests Obama may be planning to take a soft stance on Iran ’s alleged nuclear weapons program .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Team Obama is behaving in a way that — as the new MDA logo suggests — is all about accommodating that ‘ Islamic Republic ’ and its ever - more aggressive stance , ” he writes .
But progressive bloggers are having a laugh at the whole thing .
“ Is Matt Drudge High ? ” asks the title of a blog posting by Halfrican at DailyKos .
“ There is no doubt that the similarities are there , but is that really enough reason for us to go searching for hidden meanings ? ” asks Liza Mock at Gather.com .
“ After all , one could argue ( and I mean no offense to Trekkies ) that the Missile Defense logo also vaguely resembles that of Star Trek . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Mock notes that the logos “ use the colors red , white and blue , which represent America .
This is also done by Pepsi . ”
CBS reports that Twitter is buzzing with the debate as well .
“ Drudge is hinting the new Missile Defense Agency logo resembles an Islamic flag ’s star & crescent .
SECRET OBAMA AGENDA ! ” mocks Twitterer “ Zeus . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This is not the first time that the use of a crescent moon in a logo has brought protests from some corners .
In 2008 , families of some 9/11 victims objected to the shape of the Flight 93 memorial being built in Pennsylvania .
They said it takes “ the shape of an Islamic crescent and points directly towards Mecca . ”
During the 2008 presidential campaign , some observers argued that the Obama logo resembled the crescent seen in Islamic flags .
Podcasts
Looking for something to listen to ?
Why not put some anarchy in your ear holes ?!
If you ca n’t work because of a workplace injury , how will you pay your medical and household bills ?
Georgia ’s workers ’ compensation program is designed to provide injured parties a portion of their pay , but many of those who pursue benefits encounter denied claims , misinformation , stall tactics and other complications .
Employers and insurance adjusters often play a significant role in the delays and denied claims .
At George & Wallach , L.L.L.P. , we represent injured workers and their families , and have done so for more than 60 years .
Located in Forest Park , we are one of the oldest continuously operating law firms in Clayton County .
We are highly skilled at addressing the various legal and administrative roadblocks faced by injured workers .
Got Plants : Is Animal Protein Necessary ?
SUBSCRIBE NOW FOR OUR WEEKLY NEWSLETTER
Every veggie gal or guy ’s least favorite question is “ But how do you get your protein ? ” Guest Blogger and Nutritional Consultant Katherine Pennington of Be In Balance weighs in on this hot button issue ;
Most of us have been taught that the only way that we will get ample protein in our diets is by eating animal protein such as meat , fish , chicken , eggs and cheese .
This could not be farther from the truth !
Contrary to what most people might believe , you can easily obtain all your protein from good old fruits and vegetables .
Although we Americans are on non -stop low - fat , low - carb , low - whatever diets and , as a nation , spend 100 billion dollars on health care , we are reaching near epidemics with respect to cancer , obesity , diabetes and heart disease !
In our country , 47 % males and 38 % females at risk for getting cancer , 1 out of 3 adults is considered obese , 1 out of 13 have diabetes , and 1 out of every 3 adults are at risk dying from heart disease .
We are killing ourselves with “ disease of affluence . ”
In The China Study , the distinguished Cornell professor Dr. T. Colin Campbell shows through his research studies that we can literally turn off or on our cancer genes by eating a diet consisting of fewer than 20 % and as close to 5 % of animal protein .
So , why do n’t doctors tell us this ?
We may lose weight eating high - protein diets , but at what cost ?
Since I do n’t eat meat , I am constantly being bombarded with questions about how I get my protein or my iron and many clients ( especially those who have been advised to go on high - protein diets to lose weight ) come to me thinking that they need to have animal protein at every meal in order to lose weight and get lean .
My athlete clients and friends are especially aggressive with their beliefs that they must eat animal protein in order to build muscle and energy .
If you are at risk for diabetes , cancer or heart disease or are eating over 20 % protein , I beg of you to reduce your animal protein intake for your long - term health !
So , what exactly is protein ?
Proteins are complex molecules comprised of small units called amino acids , which link together in chains to form peptides .
Each protein has a specific number and combination of amino acids to determine its structure and function .
Amino acids are simple compounds containing carbon , hydrogen , oxygen and , in some instances , sulfur .
There are a total of 20 amino acids , 8 of which must be present in our diet for good health and are called essential amino acids .
Amino acids can be produced by our bodies but the 8 essential amino acids must be obtained through dietary sources .
These are leucine , isoleucine , valine , threonine , methionine , phenylalanine , tryptophan , and lysine .
Although animal - based proteins do contain all 8 amino acids and plant - based ones do not , it is essential to vary the diet to ensure you get all 8 if you are eating primarily plant - based foods .
What does protein do ?
Why is it so important to have in our diets ?
Protein plays a crucial role in virtually all functions in our body and we all need protein in order to be healthy and thrive .
Not only are proteins essential for growth and repair , but they also play an important role in the body ’s metabolism , hormonal balance , immune protection , muscle contraction , transmission of nerve impulses , and help us maintain muscle and skin support for our structural system .
Many people are under the impression that protein provides us with energy but the body actually uses carbohydrates and fats for energy and only uses protein when there is an excess of carbohydrate and fat stores are depleted .
So , how much protein do we need ?
Women 11 - 14 yrs . 41.2g
Women 15 - 18 yrs . 45.4g
Women 19 - 49 yrs. 45 g
Women 50 + 46.5g
Breastfeeding 53 -56g
Men 11 - 14 yrs . 42.1g
Men 15 - 18 yrs .
55.2g
Men 19 - 49 yrs . 55.5g
Men 50 + 53.3g
Although protein as we have discussed is crucial to our well being , here is the important point - this protein does not ( and should not ! ) come from animal sources !
We can get all of the protein we need from fruits , vegetables , soya products ( like tofu ) beans and legumes , grains and nuts and seeds !
Here are some plant - based foods with their protein contents :
Tofu ( 5 oz ) 10.3g
Soy milk ( 1 cup ) 7g
Tempeh ( 1 cup ) 9.3g
Seitan ( 3 oz ) 22.1g
Edaname ( 1 cup ) 9.6g
Baked beans ( 1 cup ) 11.5g
Lentils ( 1 cup ) 18 g
Chickpeas ( 7 oz ) 16g
Quinoa ( 1 cup ) 9g
Brown rice ( 7 oz ) 4.4g
Peas ( 1 cup ) 9g
Veggie dog ( 1 ) 8g
Spaghetti ( 1 cup ) 8g
Whole wheat bread ( 2 ) 8g
Almonds ( 1/2 cup ) 8g
Hemp seeds ( 3 tbsp ) 11g
Chia seeds ( 1 oz ) 4g
Spinach ( 1 cup ) 5g
Broccoli ( 1 cup ) 5g
Baked potato 4g
Carrot 0.4g
Kale ( 1 cup ) 2.2g
Beets ( 1 cup ) 2g
Avocado ( 1 ) 4.5g
Blackberries ( 1 cup ) 2g
Dates ( 1 cup ) 3.6g
Banana 1.29g
For those that feel that they just have to have eggs or milk and feel that they need to give these to their children so that they “ get enough protein ” please read ahead .
One egg has only 6.37g of protein and one cup of milk has only 8g !!!
You could get the same amount of protein from 2 slices of whole wheat bread and a glass of soy milk !
On the other side of the equation are the meats !
4 oz of a roasted chicken breast has 36g and 4 oz of lean grass - fed strip steak has 24g .
The way we eat in America today can leave us to get our whole protein requirement in just one meal .
And , this is not a good thing !
We do n’t need that much protein when we look at our needs over the course of the day .
And , any animal protein intake over 20 % helps contribute to the incidence of disease .
So , is it really practical to get ALL my protein from fruits and vegetables ?
Yes , it is !
For one day , I set down to writing everything that I had eaten and computed how much protein each food had in it and I basically met my requirement before I even had dinner !
Eating a plant - based diet for lunch and dinner , I consumed 43g of protein for a total of 48g / day without even trying !
Not to bore you but here is my day :
Breakfast : 19 g
Green Smoothie
( 2 cups spinach , 2 cups kale , banana and 2 cups almond milk , 2 tbsp chia seeds )
Lunch : 24g
Spinach salad with sliced avocado topped with 2 tbsp hemp seeds , sprouted lentils & 6 pecans
Carrot / Green juice : Romaine , cucumber , parsley , celery and carrots
Dinner : 5g
Steamed sweet potato
Grilled kale
You would not have to eat this “ green ” and your day could look more like this :
This diet is actually 53g of plant - based proteins - and this is a fairly moderated diet without any snacks !
Breakfast : 17g
2 slices whole wheat bread with 1 tbsp almond butter
Soy latte
Lunch : 16g
Veggie burger on whole grain bread
Side salad
Dinner : 20g
1 cup steamed brown rice
Tofu or tempeh
1 cup steamed broccoli
Go veg , and stay healthy , strong and disease - free !
Founded by nutritional consultant Katherine Pennington ,
Be in Balance offers holistic health and lifestyle counseling in New York for women and men who want to lose weight , gain energy , sleep better , reduce stress , get in shape and achieve a greater sense of well - being , balance and happiness in their lives and those of their families .
For more information , please visit her website at www.be-n-balance.com or send an email to katherine@be-n-balance.com .
Tags :
Be in Balance , Be n Balance , How do vegans get their protein ? , how do vegetarians get their protein ? , Katherine Pen , list of protein , meat eaters protein list , nutritional consultants in new york , Protein , Protein options for vegans , sources of protein for vegans , tempeh , The Protein Myth , Vegan Nutrition , vegan nutritional consultant , Vegan Nutritionist , Vegan Protein , Vegetarian Protein , Veggie Burgers , www.be-n-balance.com.
Neither did I . Nor am I criminally insane .
But according to Archbishop Celestino Migliore , apostolic nuncio and permanent observer of the Holy See to the United Nations , population growth , rather than population control , can help societies overcome poverty .
Archbishop Migliore made his remarks on February 8 at a meeting of the Commission for Social Development of the UN ’s Department of Economic and Social Affairs .
This is what happens within the Catholic Church when one is divorced from reality and rewarded for delusional thinking .
I think the archbishop is actually serious and honestly represents the Vatican on this .
Uncontrolled population growth has consequences that are dire .
The state of a general poverty level is actually moot when the most pressing concern becomes basic survival .
Some simple math will reveal the most glaring problem : population sustainability .
Assuming that the world ’s population under the wise guidance of the men from Rome doubles according to reasonable parameters – let ’s err on the side of caution and assume a doubling every 14 years ( compared with various higher estimates here ) – how long will it take until the population outstrips the earth ’s ability to sustain all of us with the necessities of food and fresh water and brings about a population collapse ?
( By the way , the term ‘ population collapse ’ is a really nice way of saying mass death through starvation . )
I wonder what Archbishop Celestino Migliore ’s estimation would be if most people actually followed this advice ?
Would it take a score of years to reach a tipping point of 9 billion ?
Half a century to reach 15 billion people ?
Might that be enough to overwhelm nature ’s bounty ?
A century to reach 100 billion ?
Regardless of the actual number , it is there .
It is real .
At what point does uncontrolled population growth reach a tipping point and bring about immeasurable suffering and death ?
And the Archbishop is fine with this notion ( probably having never thought about it ) … as long as people do n’t interfere in any way with having babies as most of us in the developed world do now .
God , the catholic church assures us , wants us to bring about a population crash with mass suffering and widespread death of billions .
Honest .
It ’s just phrased with nicer sounding words using the idea of ‘ fighting poverty ’ as the reason .
I have no doubt that behind the suggestion that poverty can be beaten by uncontrolled population growth , any natural consequences easily foreseen by anyone with even a modicum of sense will be solved by the intervention of god .
Nothing else will mitigate such a predictable disaster championed by the Vatican .
And we ’re supposed to sit idly by , keep quiet , and show respect to this organization ?
I do n’t think so .
This delusion must end by facing up to one of two possibilities :
So you tell me , dear Reader , is catholic doctrine of uncontrolled population growth insane or merely criminally irresponsible ?
​
Got a photo that would make a great Toke of the Town Stoner Photo of the Day ?
HONG KONG 
As it moves rapidly to become the world ’s leader in nuclear power , wind energy and photovoltaic solar panels , China is taking tentative steps to master another alternative energy industry : using mirrors to capture sunlight , produce steam and generate electricity .
So - called concentrating solar power uses hundreds of thousands of mirrors to turn water into steam .
The steam turns a conventional turbine similar to those in coal - fired power plants .
The technology , which is potentially cheaper than most types of renewable power , has captivated many engineers and financiers in the last two years , with an abrupt surge in new patents and plans for large power operations in Europe and the United States .
This year may be China ’s turn .
China is starting to build its own concentrating solar power plants , a technology more associated with California deserts than China ’s countryside .
And Chinese manufacturers are starting to think about exports , part of China ’s effort to become the world ’s main provider of alternative energy power equipment .
Yet concentrating solar power still faces formidable obstacles here , including government officials who are skeptical that the technology will be useful on a large scale in China .
Today is one of those days where I wanted a very simple and fairly quick meal .
When I was a kid , this meant sloppy joes , and as an adult , I 've updated it to mean sloppy lentils .
This recipe is so easy that I feel a bit silly for even posting it , but maybe some other people will appreciate its simplicity .
I like to eat this as an open faced sandwich on crusty bread .
4 Ingredient Sloppy Lentils ( serves one , but easy to multiply )
1/2 cup dried red lentils
1 cup water ( this does n't count as an ingredient , right ? )
1/3 cup ketchup
2 teaspoons mustard
2 teaspoons blackstrap molasses
Bring the lentils and water to a boil .
Reduce heat to low , and simmer for 15 minutes until the lentils are soft .
Stir in the remaining ingredients for a couple minutes .
Serve immediately .
Top with salt and pepper or hot sauce ( my favorite ! ) .
In January and March 2009 , researchers using Hubble took advantage of a rare opportunity to record Saturn when its rings are edge - on , resulting in a unique look featuring both of the giant planet ’s poles .
And Saturn cooperated by providing an incredible double light show with Saturn ’s own northern and southern lights .
Since Saturn is only in this position every 15 years or so , this favorable orientation has allowed a sustained study of the two beautiful and dynamic aurorae .
Since it takes Saturn almost thirty years to orbit the Sun , the opportunity to image both of its poles occurs only twice in that period .
Hubble has been snapping pictures of the planet at different angles since the beginning of the mission in 1990 , but 2009 brought a unique chance for Hubble to image Saturn with the rings edge - on and both poles in view .
At the same time Saturn was approaching its equinox so both poles were equally illuminated by the Sun ’s rays .
[ / caption ]
These recent observations go well beyond just a still image and have allowed researchers to monitor the behavior of both Saturn ’s poles in the same shot over a sustained period of time .
The movie they created from the data , collected over several days during January and March 2009 , has aided astronomers studying both Saturn ’s northern and southern aurorae .
Given the rarity of such an event , this new footage will likely be the last and best equinox movie that Hubble captures of our planetary neighbor .
Despite its remoteness , the Sun ’s influence is still felt by Saturn .
The Sun constantly emits particles that reach all the planets of the Solar System as the solar wind .
When this electrically charged stream gets close to a planet with a magnetic field , like Saturn or the Earth , the field traps the particles , bouncing them back and forth between its two poles .
A natural consequence of the shape of the planet ’s magnetic field , a series of invisible “ traffic lanes ” exist between the two poles along which the electrically charged particles are confined as they oscillate between the poles .
The magnetic field is stronger at the poles and the particles tend to concentrate there , where they interact with atoms in the upper layers of the atmosphere , creating aurorae , the familiar glow that the inhabitants of the Earth ’s polar regions know as the northern and southern lights .
At first glance the light show of Saturn ’s aurorae appears symmetric at the two poles .
However , analysing the new data in greater detail , astronomers have discovered some subtle differences between the northern and southern aurorae , which reveal important information about Saturn ’s magnetic field .
The northern auroral oval is slightly smaller and more intense than the southern one , implying that Saturn ’s magnetic field is not equally distributed across the planet ; it is slightly uneven and stronger in the north than the south .
As a result , the electrically charged particles in the north are accelerated to higher energies as they are fired toward the atmosphere than those in the south .
This confirms a previous result obtained by the space probe Cassini , in orbit around the ringed planet since 2004 .
Source : ESA
Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin with a message written on her left hand , at a campaign rally for Texas Gov. Rick Perry in Cypress , Texas .
In this Saturday , Feb. 6 , 2010 photo , former vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin addresses attendees at the National Tea Party Convention in Nashville .
On her hand are seen some handwritten notes .
( AP Photo / Ed Reinke )
Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin with a message written on her left hand , at a campaign rally for Texas Gov. Rick Perry in Cypress , Texas .
Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin with a message written on her left hand , at a campaign rally for Texas Gov. Rick Perry in Cypress , Texas .
US Republican superstar Sarah Palin has become the subject of widespread scorn in the US after being seen referring to notes scribbled on her hand during a major speech .
Video footage showed Mrs Palin — who frequently criticises President Obama ’s use of the teleprompter — glancing down at the palm of her left hand on which the words “ energy ” , “ budget cuts ” , “ tax ” and “ lift American spirits ” had been written in ink .
The former governor of Alaska was pictured during a Q & A session at the grassroots Tea Party .
Mrs Palin was ex-Republican vice - presidential candidate in 2008 and has maintained a high profile ever since .
Mrs Palin 's detractors have ridiculed the crib notes -- already being called the " Hillbilly Palm Pilot " -- noting that basic conservative principles are something she should surely know like the back of her hand .
Minutes before she used the notes she had castigated President Obama in a prepared speech as a " charismatic guy with a teleprompter " .
As John McCain 's running - mate in 2008 , Mrs Palin struggled in interviews when asked about current events and world affairs -- a lack of knowledge that hurt the Republican ticket .
Belfast Telegraph
Gaza still on a knife - edge , one year on from the war
The war caused vast damage in Gaza , very little of which has been repaired
By Jeremy Bowen
Middle East editor , BBC News
A year after the war in Gaza , the guns are relatively quiet , most of the time .
A de facto ceasefire between Israel and Hamas has held .
But the conflict is still there , and if anything it is keener .
Until its fundamentals are tackled - and there 's no sign of that happening - another big outbreak of violence between the two sides will only ever be one serious incident away .
Between 1120 and 1135 on 27 December 2008 the Israeli air force attacked the Arafat City police headquarters in Gaza , and at least three other police stations .
European diplomats from Israel 's allies will speak on condition of anonymity about their concern about what they call ' the slow progress of degradation in living standards ' in Gaza
World ' failed Gaza over blockade '
It was the start of an offensive that lasted for three weeks .
The Israeli army says it killed 1,166 Palestinians .
The Palestinian health ministry 's count is about 1,500 .
B'Tselem , the Israeli human rights group , says that Israel killed 1,387 Palestinians during the war ; more than half of them were civilians , and 252 of them were children .
Israeli attacks also did huge physical damage in Gaza to homes , businesses and the rest of the infrastructure of daily life .
Nine Israelis , including three civilians , were killed by Palestinian fire .
Four others , all Israeli soldiers , were killed by their own side .
Hamas rockets did little physical damage in Israel .
What happened is still controversial .
Israel and Hamas disagree on every point - why it started , how it started and what has happened since - except that it was the latest battle in a very long war .
Punishing blockade Twelve months on , Palestinian civilians in Gaza continue to suffer grievously .
Israel has kept up its blockade .
It allows in only the barest essentials , which are supplemented by whatever smugglers can bring in through tunnels from Egypt .
GAZA CONFLICT CASUALTIES
Total Palestinian deaths :
1,409 ( PCHR )
1,387 ( B' Tselem )
1,166 ( Israeli military ) Palestinian children killed :
326 ( under 17 , PCHR )
252 ( under 16 , B'tselem )
89 ( under 16 , Israeli military ) Palestinian civilians killed :
916 * ( PCHR )
773* ( B'tselem )
295 plus 162 unknown ( Israeli military ) Israelis killed :
3 civilians
10 security forces ( includes 4 by friendly fire ) * Figures exclude about 250 Hamas police officers
PCHR=Palestinian Human Rights Centre , B'Tselem=Israeli human rights group
Voices : Gaza , one year on Two families struggle to recover Gallery : Impact on Gaza children Locals return to rocket - hit towns The Egyptians , no friends of Hamas , also put heavy restrictions on what can pass through their border with Gaza .
They are building an underground barrier to stop the tunnels under their border as well .
But Israel , legally speaking , still has the responsibilities of an occupying power , even though it no longer has a permanent military presence in Gaza .
These responsibilities include ensuring the welfare of the population , allowing the functioning of medical services , and maintaining respect for private property .
It has been impossible to repair war damage because Israel has let in only 41 truckloads of construction materials since January 2009 , according to a new report from the leading European humanitarian and human rights groups operating in Gaza .
They say that thousands of truckloads are needed and that the blockade should be lifted .
Israel insists that concrete , piping , glass , steel and all the rest could be used for military purposes by Hamas .
Jeremy Hobbs , from Oxfam , called it " a blockade that punishes everybody living there for the acts of a few " .
Health issues
The same aid groups also accused world powers of abandoning Gaza , of simply wringing their hands about what is happening .
European diplomats from Israel 's allies will speak on condition of anonymity about their concern about what they call " the slow progress of degradation in living standards " in Gaza .
Enough food comes in to make sure that people do n't starve , though they have a limited diet .
But the winter will be hard .
Israelis - people and politicians - have consistently supported the war In November only 275 aid trucks were allowed in , the lowest number since the crisis began , according to European diplomats .
This month the Gaza power plant has been running at 62 % of capacity ; 90 % of Gazans suffer power cuts of four to six hours a day .
Lack of clean water is a major health issue .
Aid agencies say that diarrhoea kills many young children and they have linked contaminated ground water to congenital heart defects in new - born babies .
The violence and dislocation has also caused a dramatic increase in what doctors call psycho-social disorders .
For children , who are especially hard - hit , that means bedwetting , nightmares , depression and aggression .
All of this is already having a political effect .
The UN says Gazans , especially young people , are being radicalised .
Hamas scored when the secular nationalists of the PLO could n't make life any better .
Now the UN fears that the next set of answers for Gaza 's young - half the population are children - is coming from jihadists who are sympathetic to Al Qaeda .
Israel should be worried .
Dealing with the PLO and with Hamas has been hard enough .
' Necessary action ' Israeli politicians stoutly defend what was done in Gaza a year ago .
Most Israelis still consider it necessary defensive action , forced on them by years of rocket attacks .
The Israeli government has been campaigning against the UN 's official report into violations of international humanitarian law in Gaza , which was published in September .
Richard Goldstone , a respected South African judge and war crimes prosecutor , led the team that wrote the report .
Israel debates response to report UN seeks close Gaza scrutiny Full UN report on Gaza war Mr Goldstone is Jewish with strong Zionist credentials .
That has not stopped the Israeli government from condemning his report as biased .
The Goldstone report said that there was evidence that both Israel and Hamas committed crimes against humanity during those three weeks at the turn of the year .
Israel says it worked very hard to protect Palestinian civilians and insists its soldiers respected the law .
Yet there is also a nervousness about what has been done to Israel 's image .
There was outrage in Israel when a British judge issued a warrant for the arrest of the former Israeli Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni , who was in power during the Gaza war .
It was revoked when it became clear Ms Livni would not be visiting the UK .
The Goldstone report said that states had a duty under international law " to investigate allegations of violations " by Israel or Hamas .
One consequence of what happened is that Israeli leaders need to think hard before they travel abroad .
Some Israeli analysts see this as another sign of what they call the " de- legitimisation " of their country by hostile and influential critics , which they believe is designed to erode its position as a Jewish state .
It is a fact though that Israeli citizens who live within rocket range of Gaza have had a much quieter and easier time of it in 2009 than for years .
Israeli generals and politicians insist that the Gaza war means that their army is once again feared , in a way that it was n't after Lebanese Hezbollah guerrillas fought it to a standstill in 2006 .
Prisoner exchange
It is also a fact that Gaza is still one of the major flashpoints in the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians .
Hopes that US President Barack Obama could conjure some diplomatic magic in 2009 have disappeared .
It is hard to see what can change the game .
The split between the two main Palestinian factions , Hamas and Fatah , looks as if it will continue .
Negotiations about a prisoner exchange could help .
Hamas has one Israeli captive , a soldier called Gilad Shalit , who has been in their hands since 2006 .
A German negotiator is shuttling between Gaza and Israel , trying to arrange to exchange Sgt Shalit for hundreds of Palestinian prisoners .
So far , Israel has not wanted to release as many as Hamas has been demanding .
If a deal is made , European diplomats are hoping a relaxation of the blockade could follow .
But the Israeli government will be criticised at home for releasing Palestinians and giving Hamas a victory .
Opening the borders might feel too much like giving them another .
What always amazes me about Gaza is that despite the difficulty of life there , it is never hard to find energetic people whose human spirit burns very bright .
But there is not much to look forward to on either side of Gaza 's border with Israel in 2010 .
The year will be full of challenges and dangers .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
POSTERS NOW AVAILABLE AT IMAGEKIND !
For updates on new Animated Lost characters , feel free to follow me on twitter !
And check out my website at :
The 27 - year - old , who had recently gained custody of the young girl , said she " squirmed " as he pushed her under the water three or four times , it was claimed .
Under this proposed ballot measure , California 's climate change law would not be implemented until the state 's unemployment rate that is now 12.4 % is reduced to 5.5 % and maintains the lowered rate for one year .
California has not had a 5.5 % unemployment rate since 2007 .
In true Bush - double - speak form , the teabagging sponsors want to call their ballot measure the " California Jobs Initiative " when in reality it will simply protect the polluters while preventing California from " staying No. 1 in the country in creating clean tech jobs . "
Fortunately , the official wording of the initiative lies with Attorney General Jerry Brown , who discarded the short propaganda title of " jobs initiative " for the more cumbersome and accurate title of " Suspends Air Pollution Control Laws Requiring Major Polluters to Report and Reduce Greenhouse Gas Emissions That Cause Global Warming Until Unemployment Drops Below Specified Level for Full Year . "
Now , that 's a mouthful !
The climate deniers are so pissed that they are threatening to sue Brown for messing with their propaganda title .
Nixing this climate deniers ' ballot measure is crucial for California 's economic health :
Suspending AB 32 " would be the real job - killer , " said Susan Frank of the California Business Alliance for a Green Economy .
" The mere passage of AB 32 has generated green job growth even as the rest of the economy has contracted . "
A December study by Next 10 , a San Francisco - based think tank , found that jobs in California green businesses grew 36 % from 1995 to 2008 , while total employment expanded only 13 % .
A report on the proposed rollback of AB 32 by the state 's nonpartisan Legislative Analyst ’s
Office last month said that the measure could lead to greater short - term profits for some businesses , but would dampen investments in clean technology and green jobs .
The report said the initiative would invalidate a Schwarzenegger executive order requiring that a third of all retail electricity sellers get their power from renewable sources by 2020 .
And it would suspend the regulation to slash carbon intensity of fuels by 10 % .
While they need 433,971 signatures to qualify for the ballot , supporters claim " solid commitments " of almost $ 600,000 to pay people to gather signatures .
Should they need more money , it was reported today that think - tanks take oil money and use it to fund climate deniers .
Both supporters and opponents predict this will be the " most intense campaign the state has seen in 50 years . "
The Chair of the Air Resources Board says if this initiative prevails , " it would put all our efforts at energy efficiency and renewable energy in the deep freezer for a long time . "
Coalitions are being formed to fight this battle .
Businesses that will benefit from GHG reductions are meeting with environmental groups to establish a coalition to defeat the initiative .
On the teabagger side , ballot measure sponsors include " Rep. Tom McClintock ( R - Granite Bay ) , Ted Costa of the People 's Advocate , a Sacramento - based anti-tax group , and Thomas Hiltachk , an attorney with Republican Party ties ... . "
Costa promises that his " group 's Internet outreach will spawn ' a new coalition ' " of tea party / climate deniers living in la-la land .
The deniers want success in California to be a model for a " national backlash against climate regulations . "
Utah is already onboard .
A Utah legislative committee has passed 10 - 1 a resolution denying climate change because , as one lawmaker declared , " global warming is a conspiracy to control world population . "
The resolution , sent to the House on a 10 - 1 vote , would urge the Environmental Protection Agency to drop plans to regulate the pollution blamed for climate change " until a full and independent investigation of the climate data conspiracy and global warming science can be substantiated . "
Right .
No investigation of Bush officials for crimes and illegal acts for which there is a multitude of evidence for torture , wiretapping , illegal Iraq war , etc. , but let 's investigate baseless conspiracy theories .
The crazy teabagging / deniers are not just trying to use government or political processes to validate their BS in California and Utah .
News this weekend also includes the report that the Alaska Legislative Council OKs state PR campaign to " curb the Endangered Species Act and the listing of polar bears . "
Legislative Council Chairman John Harris said the idea behind the public relations effort is that the designation of polar bears as threatened and the listing of Cook Inlet beluga whales as endangered could result in economic damage .
Our country and our Democratic party cannot afford to lose this battle in California .
Fortunately , according to a new survey , Americans support strong climate , energy policies .
Despite a sharp drop in public concern over global warming , Americans --- regardless of political affiliation --- support the passage of federal climate and energy policies , according to the results of a national survey released today by researchers at Yale and George Mason universities .
The survey found support for : • Funding more research on renewable energy , such as solar and wind power ( 85 percent )
• Tax rebates for people buying fuel - efficient vehicles or solar panels ( 82 percent )
• Establishing programs to teach Americans how to save energy ( 72 percent )
• Regulating carbon dioxide as a pollutant ( 71 percent )
• School curricula to teach children about the causes , consequences , and potential solutions to global warming ( 70 percent )
• Signing an international treaty that requires the United States to cut emissions of carbon dioxide 90 percent by the year 2050 ( 61 percent )
• Establishing programs to teach Americans about global warming ( 60 percent ) .
Americans are asking to be educated about climate change .
For the past 1 ½ years , there has been a trend of decreasing support by the public in the belief of climate change and the science .
These poll results support my position that President Obama could be key to reversing this trend if he would address the public to explain why climate science is valid and that climate impacts are happening now and will continue to worsen .
These poll results are also a significant indicator that the public knows that the deniers ' misinformation campaigns are BS , but they just need more information to make sense of an important and sometimes complicated subject .
In other words , while the polls show decreasing public support in the belief of climate change , the intensity of those beliefs may be weak , indicating that these views might be flipped if Americans are provided sufficient information to be able to understand climate change .
Well , one educational program to teach Americans about climate change is called the Daily Kos Eco Community .
Additional climate change news this weekend :
WATER & NATURAL RESOURCES
CLIMATE CHANGE & ENERGY
Rising wave of anger in response to virtual strip - search contradicts media spin
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Wednesday , March 17 , 2010
Despite establishment media spin that naked body scanners are being meekly accepted by a compliant public , documents released under the Freedom of Information
Act reveal that there have been more than 600 formal complaints about the devices in the last year .
Furthermore , the documents reveal anger at TSA officials for refusing to offer passengers a pat - down alternative , as well as forcing children to go through machines which provide crisp images of genitalia , a particularly outrageous scenario in light of last week ’s story concerning a TSA worker who was charged with multiple child sex crimes having raped an underage girl .
“ Hundreds of U.S. air travelers have lodged complaints over use of full - body security scanners in the past year , charging they violate personal privacy and may be harmful to their health , documents released on Tuesday showed , ” reports Reuters .
The Reuters piece amounts to little more than another whitewash of the issue , claiming that privacy filters blur sensitive areas of the body , an assertion contradicted by other journalists who investigated trials of the technology , as well as readily available sample images which clearly show that the penis and testicles are visible .
The Transportation Security Administration also downplayed the issue as insignificant , claiming that over 600 complaints about body scanners which are installed in just 21 airports in the U.S. was an “ infinitesimally small ” number .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“ I was not given an option to use the whole body screening device .
Neither was anyone else .
It appeared that everyone was being required to go through the devices , even children , ” said one complaint from an unidentified traveler who flew through the Tulsa airport in May 2009 .
As we reported last month , airport staff have also been accused of printing out and circulating naked images of famous people , a complete abuse of the “ professionalism ” we were promised would be exercised by those in control of these systems .
Courts have consistently found that strip searches are only legal when performed on a person who has already been found guilty of a crime or on arrestees pending trial where a reasonable suspicion has to exist that they are carrying a weapon .
Subjecting masses of people to blanket strip searches in airports reverses the very notion of innocent until proven guilty .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
Barring people from flying and essentially treating them like terrorists for refusing to be humiliated by the virtual strip search is a clear breach of the basic human right of freedom of movement .
Security experts agree that such scanners would not even have stopped the incident that has been exploited to justify their widespread introduction – the Christmas Day underwear bomber .
Not only have the scanners proven to be a total violation of privacy , but major international radiation safety groups are now warning of the health risks they pose .
Despite governments claiming that backscatter x-ray systems produce radiation too low to pose a threat , the Inter - Agency Committee on Radiation Safety concluded in their report that governments must justify the use of the scanners and that a more accurate assessment of the health risks is needed .
Pregnant women and children should not be subject to scanning , according to the report , adding that governments should consider “ other techniques to achieve the same end without the use of ionizing radiation . ”
“ The Committee cited the IAEA ’s 1996 Basic Safety Standards agreement , drafted over three decades , that protects people from radiation .
Frequent exposure to low doses of radiation can lead to cancer and birth defects , according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , ” reported Bloomberg .
We are joining the hundreds of other Americans who protested naked body scanners as an affront to privacy , dignity , and a health risk , by launching our naked body scanner contest in an effort to focus public attention on how we must stop these machines now before they are installed in the streets and become another tool of control and oppression as part of the prison planet being constructed around us .
Not only have authorities in Europe promised to roll out mobile body scanners on the streets to mass scan crowds of people , but Homeland Security has even gone a step further , developing Orwellian mind - reading devices that are set to be installed as part of unconstitutional checkpoints at public events .
We are offering our biggest prize fund ever of $ 15,000 for the entries that most successfully highlight the true agenda behind naked body scanners and where this is all heading unless we put our foot down now and help to build momentum behind public pressure to remove the scanners from airports .
Click here to see the contest rules and prepare your entry .
This article was posted : Wednesday , March 17 , 2010 at 5:42 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
So ...
You want some apricot tarts for Christmas , well I got your fucking apricot tarts right here :
First , you will need some stuff :
For the dough : 7 Cups Flour
2 Cups Sugar
2 Cups Lard
3 Eggs
1 Whole Juicy Lemon
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon 1/2 teaspoon cloves 3 teaspoons baking power ( exqeez me , baking powder ? )
3/4 Cup milk
For the apricots : 2 16 oz cans apricots
2 bags or cans of dried apricots
Utensils and pans and such : 2 Pyrex baking pans : 1 roughly 9x9 ; 1 roughly 13x11 1 Can Opener 1 Electric Mixer 1 Pastry Dealie
1 large mixing bowl 1 Large Pot 1 Sifter 1 Rolling Pin 1 Fork
A bunch of wax paper / parchment paper
Measuring Cups , or a really good eye .
1 bottle of fine single malt scotch ( some might call this optional , they are full of shit )
1 Rocking Playlist
On to the actual recipe :
Step One : Put on your rocking playlist .
You in to christmas tunes ?
Dude , lame .
Rock on anyway .
So ...
Clean the damned kitchen you filthy bastard , what the heck is that ?
Six Month old mayonnaise ?
What the hell dude ?
That got left out in the sun for 6 hours at the BBQ in September .
You 've been using it on your sandwiches ?
You sick fuck .
Step Two :
Pour yourself a healthy glass of the scotch .
You cleaned right ?
Then you 've earned it .
Step Three :
Put the dry apricots in the large pot with a cup of water .
Simmer them lightly while your making the dough .
Keep an eye on these .
Add more water as required .
Step Four : Put 2 Cups of Lard into the mixing bowl .
Put 2 Cups of Sugar into the mixing bowl .
Get your electric mixer out .
Cream .
Cream the fuck out of this .
Cream it to town .
Do n't be afraid .
Step Five : Add 3
Eggs to large mixing bowl .
Beat .
Do n't beat it too hard though .
You do n't want the eggs getting hard .
There is an awesome pun in here somewhere .
You let those eggs get hard and your fucked .
Step Six :
Add the juice of 1 Lemon to the mixing bowl .
Have you been checking on the apricots ?
Do they need more water ?
Come on dude , pay attention will ya ?
Ok , now add 1/2 teaspoon of Cinnamon to the mixing bowl , and while your at it add 1/2 teaspoon of cloves .
Mix all this up .
Step Seven :
Get out your parchment paper or wax paper .
Get your sifter out .
Put 3 and 1/2 Cups of Flour and 3 teaspoons of Baking Powder in there .
Sift .
Sift like the wind .
Gradually add this to the stuff in your mixing bowl .
Step Eight : Right about now , the substance in your mixing bowl will be too sticky for your mixer to do any damned good at all .
Get your pastry dealie out .
All those years as a chronic masturbator will not have been in vain .
Take the rest of the flour ( 3 and 1/2 Cups ) and gradually mix that in with the pastry dealie .
As you are doing this add in the 3/4 cup of milk bit by bit .
Step Nine :
Ok , your dough is done .
Have you been keeping an eye on the apricots ?
Do n't let them burn dude .
You got your 2 cans of apricots , pour the juice from the cans over the apricoty mess you got in your pan .
Yea , it looks like some unholy apricot sticky doom .
Do n't be alarmed .
As this concoction is simmering , put the canned apricots in .
Step Ten :
Pre heat your oven to 350 .
Step Eleven :
Take that sticky dough you got , wrap it up in three pieces of the waxed paper .
There 's another awesome pun here somewhere .
You think of it , I 'm fuckin busy .
Anyway , put that shit in the freezer .
It 's just too sticky to handle .
Step Twelve :
Are the apricots now some sort of goo ?
Thats about right .
Take that shit off the burner and set it aside .
We will come back to this .
Step Fourteen :
Take one of the sticky dough waxed paper packages out that freezer .
Take a bunch of waxed paper and put it on your counter .
Take flour , and put that shit everywhere .
When you think you have enough flour , double it .
It still is n't enough flour .
Do n't fuck around here , that dough is still sticky .
Put flour all over your rolling pin .
Again , there 's just got to be a great pun here .
Maybe something with stroking the flour all over the rolling pin .
Fuck it .
Roll out the hunk of sticky dough .
Step Fifteen :
Put that shit in your large pan .
Is it sticking to the waxed paper ?
Dude , I told you to use more flour .
Just use your hands .
Oh , be sure your hands are covered in flour .
Step Sixteen : Same thing as Step Fourteen and Fifteen , this time with the smaller pan and most of the dough from a second package out the freezer .
Step Seventeen :
At this point , someone probably comes into the kitchen and says something like : " dude , you 've got a serious blow problem .
What the fuck man . "
Just say : " Hey fuck you i'm baking .
This is flour that i've got all over "
Grab the last package of dough from the freezer .
Shower yourself and the whole kitchen in flour .
Using your hands , roll the dough into tubes .
Thin little tubes .
The best way I 've found is to place my hand parallel to a tube like object of the doughy nature and roll it out using mostly my palm .
Another pun .
I know its in there .
Repeat until you got a few of these fuckers .
Step Eighteen : Get yourself a fork .
Spoon that apricotty gooeyness out of the pan , and into the baking pans .
Take the tubes of dough and put them on top in a cris-cross way .
No I do n't mean put your pants on backward and do it .
Cross the tubes , dude .
Use that fork you got to make pretty like forked edges .
Its not gay , its totally fuckin bad ass dude .
Fork it .
Fork it good .
All the bad ass thugs fork their pastries and tarts .
Step Nineteen : Scotch .
Fuck it dude , you got the day off .
Get housed why not .
What else are you gonna do ?
Step Twenty :
Put these fuckers in your oven .
You preheated to 350 right ?
Was n't that a step ?
Damnit pay attention !
Step Twenty One : Wait around 40 minutes .
Check at 35 to see if the edges are browning .
This would be a good time to play some borderlands or something .
Step Twenty
Two :
Take them out of the oven .
Let them cool before you go just stickin your fingers in there .
That gooey apricoty stuff is gonna be pretty hot .
Do not fuck your apricot tarts .
Have another glass of scotch .
Relax a bit while they cool .
Step Twenty
Three :
Cut them , and enjoy .
Labels : Christmas
4 US States Have Lowered Greenhouse Gas Emissions Below 1990 Levels
Four Northeastern states : Connecticut , Delaware , Massachusetts and New York emitted less carbon dioxide from fossil fuel consumption in 2007 than they did in 1990 , according to energy information data compiled in a study by Environment America .
All four states have put in place Renewable Energy Standards requiring utilities to buy more clean energy , and all four signed on to the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative that is uses cap and trade to fund a substitution of clean renewable energy to replace older dirty fossil electricity plants .
The study found that the biggest factor in all four states was the shift to cleaner forms of electricity .
The average increase in gross state product was 65 % during that period , ruling out reduction in economic activity as the cause .
All four have RES requirements to add more renewable energy to the grid : Connecticut 27 % by 2020 , Delaware 18 % by 2019 , Massachusetts 15 % by 2020 , and green , green New York 25 % by 2013 .
The requirement excludes nuclear power .
Connecticut was already recognized by the EPA as early as 2007 for already getting 12 % of its electricity from renewable sources .
The studied period is instructive , as it ended prior to the 2008 hike in gas prices and global recession that impacted virtually every sector of the economy in 2008 and continued into 2009 – ruling out the bank deregulation recession as the cause for the drop .
These states are relatively small , however , so their overall effect on the nation ’s overall emissions are small , but this shows that America actually can do what Europe is doing to lower its greenhouse emissions with the right legislation .
Source : Environment America ( pdf )
More GreenLivingIdeas from Susan Kraemer : Journalists on Twitter
Please follow and like us :
Related
About the Author Susan Kraemer
Last evening I went over to a family friend ’s house to help her with an ongoing problem with her Internet connection .
She has AT&T DSL , and every night around 5 pm or so , the connection pretty much drops .
Getting to a web page is hit or miss , like one in every 10 attempts it will load a page .
The pings were good , but getting out was a nightmare .
She has a huge laptop running Windows 7 with insane specifications .
Great machine .
So , I took over my netbook running Kubuntu Netbook Remix ( Lucid ) to see if the problem was her laptop .
Right away I was able to decide it was n’t her laptop .
Further debugging made me realize it was the DSL connection .
I connected directly to the DSL modem , no router , firewall , anything in between me and the Internet .
The problem still existed .
At that time I determined it was AT&T ’s fault so we called them up .
Initially the phone call was a nightmare .
Typically I am really good at understanding an Indian dialect because the area of Chicago I grew up in was largely an Indian population .
The person on the phone was a bit harder to understand and I believe the reason was because they had a mix of the Indian dialect with a distinct southern US drawl .
Anyways , after talking to the AT&T tech support person for a few minutes , I started telling him what was going on and what I had done thus far .
He asked what version of Windows I was using to test and I told him I was n’t using Windows and instead was using Linux .
I expected the “ We do n’t support Linux ” comment , but was floored when he said , “ Please say you are using Fedora . ”
I chimed in with a “ Sorry , using Kubuntu . ”
He chuckled then said , “ Some people will never learn . ”
We shot little jabs back and forth at each other having a bit of fun while he was doing a modem test .
In the end they figured out it was their issue and some AT&T techie will be out there today to fix the issue .
So , if you were that AT&T dude I talked to last night who loves Fedora and despises us Ubuntu fanboys , drop by and say HI !
It was a pleasure getting to talk to you for support on the issue , and it is great seeing that there are some tech support people who are n’t afraid to explore other options .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Reddit
Print
Email
Anything But England Bringing Home The World Cup Will Do !
The press appear to be the major obstacle standing in England 's way .
Here 's a little guerilla warfare to counter the likes of The Sun and The Daily Fail ..
I mean Mail .
I will recommend to historians and semioticians very close study of the footage being produced right at this moment , on the Fox " News " Channel , as it covers the vote in the House on the health care reform bill .
The background footage virtually the entire time is of " Kill the bill ! " crowds chanting at the Capitol .
" Anchor " woman Megyn Kelly is at this moment breaking the news that Obama 's popularity ratings are the lowest of his administration and interviewing an expert on whether this reveals America 's recoil at the fundamental " statism " of his world view .
Then an on - the - scene interview to confirm that the people who yesterday yelled " nigger " at Rep.
John Lewis and " faggot " at Rep. Barney Frank were " an unrepresentative minority " of the protest crowds , and that in fact the typical crowd members would have been " the first to condemn " such harsh terms .
Just now going to break , with pan of a huge shouting " kill the bill ! " crowd at the Capitol .
Seriously , you would think martial law was about to be imposed in DC .
You can agree or disagree about this legislation .
But really , you cannot look at this " news " coverage and consider it other than outright political activism .
There is nothing wrong with outright political activism .
Megyn Kelly is arguably no more partisan on her show than Rachel Maddow is on hers .
But not a single person on Earth thinks that Rachel Maddow is a " news " anchor .
For the sake of sanity , precision in language , self - respect , and any other desirable quality we can think of , let 's drop the pretense about what 's coming across on Fox .
This surprises even me .
Back to C - SPAN .
Or , maybe out into the nice sunshine .
Update :
On the other hand , Kelly has Rep. Anthony Weiner on now to challenge part of what she 's saying .
But her stance - which he nicely skewers -- is as his opponent in debate , rather than as a " news " person .
Weiner 's performance , from approximately 2:25 - 2:30 pm EDT , is a clinic in how to handle the Fox approach . )
Update # 2 : At 5:00 pm , Fox 's Greta van Susteren tells us that the vote is still " too close to call . "
I 'm expecting next to hear from
Thumbnail image credit : Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images
: On the other hand , Kelly has Rep. Anthony Weiner on now to challenge part of what she 's saying .
But her stance - which he nicely skewers -- is as his opponent in debate , rather than as a " news " person .
Weiner 's performance , from approximately 2:25 - 2:30 pm EDT , is a clinic in how to handle the Fox approach . ) :
At 5:00 pm , Fox 's Greta van Susteren tells us that the vote is still " too close to call . "
I 'm expecting next to hear from Baghdad Bob
High levels of the omega - 3 fatty acids EPA ( eicosapentaenoic acid ) and DHA ( docosahexaenoic acid ) were associated with lower levels of triglycerides , as well as higher levels of HDL cholesterol , according to data from 357 Yup 'ik Eskimos published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition​ .
Raised levels of the fatty acids were also associated with decreased levels of markers of inflammation , such as C - reactive protein ( CRP ) , which is produced in the liver and is a known marker for inflammation .
Increased levels of CRP are a good predictor for the onset of both type - 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease .
CVD causes almost 50 per cent of deaths in Europe , and is reported to cost the EU economy an estimated € 169 billion ( $ 202 billion ) per year .
The study of omega - 3 intakes in inuits is nothing new .
The first reports of the heart health benefits of the marine fatty acids were reported in the early 1970s by Jørn Dyerberg and his co-workers in The Lancet​ and The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition .
​ The young Danes sought to understand how the Greenland Eskimos , or Inuit as they prefer to be called , could eat a high fat diet and still have one of the lowest death rates from cardiovascular disease on the planet .
Despite the precedent of study in these populations , the new research , led by Zeina Makhoul from Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle , claims that : “ Few studies have examined the associations of with biomarkers of chronic disease risk in populations with high intakes ” ​.
In an attempt to fill this knowledge gap , they analysed blood levels of EPA and DHA in red blood cells of in a cross-section of 357 Yup 'ik Eskimos .
Data showed EPA and DHA represented an average 2.8 and 6.8 percent , respectively , of the total fatty acid content of red blood cells .
In addition to the links between EPA and DHA levels and triglycerides and HDL , increased levels of DHA were positively with levels of LDL and total cholesterol , said the researchers .
While a link between EPA / DHA and CRP were reported , Makhoul and her co-workers noted that the link was stronger when EPA concentrations excessed 3 percent of fatty acids in the cells , and when DHA levels exceeded 7 percent .
“ Increasing EPA and DHA intakes to amounts well above those consumed by the general US population may have strong beneficial effects on chronic disease risk , ” ​ they concluded .
Source : American Journal of Clinical Nutrition ​
Published online ahead of print , doi : 10.3945/ajcn.2009.28820
“ Associations of very high intakes of eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids with biomarkers of chronic disease risk among Yup 'ik Eskimos ” ​
Authros : Z. Makhoul , A.R. Kristal , R. Gulati , B. Luick , A. Bersamin , B. Boyer , G.V. Mohatt
Cape Town on Friday , 2 February 1990 , 20 years ago today , was an extraordinary place to be .
Everyone seemed to be there .
The world 's press had descended on South Africa 's coastal capital in expectation of what would be the biggest news story of the year .
Television cameras roamed the town , but as the day wore on they concentrated outside the State Parliament where a momentous event was expected to be announced .
In Greenmarket Square and along Grand Parade in the heart of the city , wealthy young whites mixed happily with black demonstrators carrying the black , green and gold flags of the banned African National Congress ( ANC ) party .
Archbishop Tutu was at St George 's Cathedral with his flock , which included more whites than blacks , ready to celebrate a happening which he seemed to regard as the Second Coming .
What they were all waiting for was the release of Nelson Mandela , icon of the anti-apartheid movement for two decades , which President FW de Klerk was widely expected to herald that morning in the annual opening address to parliament , traditionally the occasion for big announcements in South African history .
Mandela , it was generally hoped , would complete his long walk to freedom a few hours after that , and no newspaper or TV station could afford to miss it .
In fact de Klerk had no intention of freeing Mandela that day .
He had something even bigger on his mind , something he knew would take even the keenest observers of his presidential style by surprise .
As MPs , ambassadors and other dignitaries gathered for the formal opening of parliament , only a handful of cabinet ministers were in the know , and they had been sworn not even to tell their wives – de Klerk only confided in his wife Marike on the way to parliament that morning .
De Klerk , in the job since September 1989 , was about to announce the official end of apartheid , the system which the National Party , which included his Afrikaner forebears , had given birth to 41 years before and whose brutality and injustice millions had demonstrated against in every capital in the free world .
He wanted maximum impact and publicity for his speech , which he had been working on for months , and he did n't want the distraction of Mandela 's pending release getting in the way of it .
" I had decided to play that down in my speech , " says de Klerk in his Cape Town home 20 years later .
" I knew the world 's press was there , not because they wanted to hear me speak , but because they wanted to witness the release of Nelson Mandela .
But I wanted them to focus on the fundamental decisions we had taken and to judge them on their merits , and not have the whole package overshadowed . "
Mandela himself was the only man in the world , other than de Klerk , who did n't want him to be released that day .
He was n't yet ready for it , and told government ministers that he needed more time to prepare .
After all , he had been in prison for 27 years – what was another week or two ?
But even he had no inkling of what de Klerk had in store for his party and people that day .
For years de Klerk 's presidential predecessors had used their opening addresses for the purposes of bringing in and then strengthening the creeping laws of apartheid , which basically held that whites and blacks should live entirely separately , the whites in the rich lands of South Africa , the blacks in the desperately poor homelands carved out for them .
To enforce the principles , the regimes of Hans Strijdom ( de Klerk 's uncle ) , Hendrik Verwoerd , John Vorster and , to a lesser extent , P W Botha , had brought in act after act which would eventually institutionalise one of the most repressive and hated regimes of the second half of the 20th century .
It was in this hall , on this same occasion , that announcements heralded the Bantu Education Act , the pass laws , the banning of political parties , detention without trial , the death penalty just for " furthering the aims " of communism , the banning of free speech , restrictions on trade unions , and many others .
Black Africans had basically lost nearly all of their human rights over that period .
Nothing in De Klerk 's Afrikaner background suggested he was about to reverse all that .
He had been in the job just four months and was still an unknown quantity , but what was known about him suggested he was no reformer .
After a lifetime in the National Party ( he was 54 ) , he was generally regarded as on the verkrampte , or unenlightened , side of the party , although he always saw himself around the middle , neither verkrampte or verligte ( enlightened ) , but certainly conservative .
" Negative expectations hinged on the fear that FW , far from being an innovator , was a hidebound disciple of apartheid , " said his own brother , Willem , later .
" He never formed any part of the enlightened movement in South Africa .
It was even rumoured he had tried to put the brakes on all the reforms PW Botha had made . "
Mandela later remarked that he placed no hopes in the address that day because de Klerk was " trapped in apartheid " and was too concerned that his power - base was being eroded by defections to the Conservative Party to make any radical moves .
None of them knew that for a year De Klerk had been working on a package of measures which , as he says now , " would go much further than anyone expected and was intended to gain the moral high ground " .
He had rejected the safer route of a gradual dismantling of the system basically because " the world would have thought we were playing games " , and time was against him .
The fall of the Berlin Wall at the end of 1989 was also a critical factor : " That took the sting out of the tail out of the Communist Party . "
It did the same for the ANC , many of whose leaders , including Presidents Mbeki and Zuma , had trained in the Soviet Union .
De Klerk says his instincts were " to go for the whole package – as one of my colleagues advised , when you cut off the tail of the dog , better do it in one stroke " .
He had become leader of the National Party exactly a year before when PW Botha , suffering from a major stroke , had reluctantly agreed to split his role , retaining the state presidency but giving up the party leadership .
In the party election which followed , de Klerk ran as the centrist candidate , narrowly beating his verligte opponent Barend du Plessis ( the real verligte candidate , the charismatic Pik Botha , who was much favoured by Western and African leaders , was eliminated in the first round ) .
De Klerk 's relationship with President Botha , never easy , soon deteriorated as the president became increasingly irascible as well as forgetful .
Botha was ill , but stubbornly stayed , making de Klerk 's life more and more difficult .
" He was giving me the cold shoulder .
I was supposed to be the third minister in the government but I was not kept informed of events : for instance I did n't know there had been secret meetings with Mandela until after I became president .
As time went on , and Mr Botha became more ill and difficult , there was crisis after crisis .
He began to forget things , agreeing to something in the morning and then saying he had n't been consulted in the afternoon . "
South Africa was heading for an election in September 1989 , its last in the old form , and just three weeks before it , the Botha situation came to a head .
The foreign minister Pik Botha , working hard to repair South Africa 's desperate image with the rest of the world , asked de Klerk to accompany him on a visit to see Kenneth Kaunda , president of Zambia .
He needed his support for the independence discussions on Namibia , which South Africa was about to give up after more than 70 years ' rule .
Pik believed he had the president 's approval for the visit , but when Kaunda announced the date ( August 28 ) , PW hit the roof , accusing his two ministers of treason .
" PW was furious , " says de Klerk ruefully .
" He announced he would have to discipline us for doing it without his permission . "
It was the final straw .
De Klerk summoned all the ministers he could find to his house in Pretoria and asked for a united front to force the president to take sick leave .
When he went to see Botha in Cape Town to tell him this , " he used the opportunity to give us a long lecture and called a full cabinet " .
It was to be his last .
De Klerk opened the discussion in the cabinet on the part of the ministers , and presented the sick leave option , which he thought would be more palatable than the alternative , which would be a very public sacking ( Botha had done much the same to his predecessor , John Vorster , 11 years before ) .
" He went around the table and asked every member of the cabinet for their opinion , and everyone said they supported my proposal , " says de Klerk .
" He got cross and said he was as healthy as any of us , and many of us were taking more pills than he was .
Then he went outside , and when he came back in he said , ' Gentlemen , I am resigning . ' "
De Klerk was elected state president after the general election and was inaugurated , rather more modestly , on the same spot where Mandela would have South Africa 's most celebrated inauguration five years later .
The changes began immediately : he appointed the first woman ever to serve in a South African cabinet , and brought in a number of industrialists to help deal with an economic situation which was in crisis , largely a result of sanctions and piled - up debts .
He also lifted the restrictions on protest marches , including a huge one led by Archbishop Desmond Tutu , and ended many of the petty restrictions of apartheid , including segregated beaches , parks , lavatories and restaurants .
A bolder move was the release of political prisoners , starting with Govan Mbeki , father of ( President ) Thabo Mbeki , followed by all the ANC leaders who had been imprisoned with Mandela in the so - called " Rivonia trial " in 1964 .
Soon the entire leadership – the actual ANC leaders , Oliver Tambo , and his deputy , Mbeki , were running the party from exile in Lusaka – was given its freedom , with the exception of Mandela .
" Everyone behaved themselves , and there had been no return to violence , " he says .
The way was now open for the release of Mandela .
In December de Klerk sent for him and Mandela was smuggled in through the basement garage of the presidential office in Cape Town ( later occupied by Mandela ) , and the officials withdrew to leave the two of them on their own .
Each later recorded they sat for a moment " weighing each other up " .
Like everyone else , de Klerk had no real idea what Mandela looked like , because there had been only a few secretly snatched photos of him for 20 years .
He found himself staring at a man much taller than he expected , slightly stooped with age ( he was 71 ) , and dignified , courteous and utterly self - confident .
Up to this point he had regarded him as " a grain of sand trapped in the oyster " , the almost mythical hero who had posed so serious an irritant to his predecessors .
Now here he was in the flesh .
" So this , " de Klerk recalls saying to himself , " is Nelson Mandela . "
By the end of the meeting he had come to a remarkably similar conclusion as Mandela , both later consciously echoing Mrs Thatcher 's famous remark about Gorbachev : " Here was a man I could do business with . "
Next time they met , de Klerk promised , they would discuss his release .
Mandela for his part wrote to his ANC colleagues in Lusaka that he had " taken the measure of Mr de Klerk , just as I had with new prison commanders when I was on Robben Island " .
De Klerk , he wrote , seemed to represent " a true departure from the National Party politicians of the past " .
In short , he was a man " we could do business with " .
They did not meet again until after de Klerk 's opening address , but behind the scenes there was frenetic activity as negotiations for the release accelerated .
Both men had separately , and for different reasons , decided there was no alternative but to talk .
Mandela later recorded that " it simply did not make sense for both sides to lose millions of lives in a conflict that was unnecessary " , while de Klerk had concluded that he could not win a military victory either and must negotiate with the enemy before the economy collapsed .
All of this was leading up to his 2 February speech , which de Klerk worked on in a long break over Christmas and the New Year at his holiday home in the seaside resort of Hermanus , east of Cape Town .
Several weeks before , he had taken his cabinet for a bosberaad , a conference in the bush where for days they discussed and debated the increasing limited options facing South Africa and its ruling white government .
Everyone now accepted there had to be change , and that it had to incorporate negotiations with the ANC .
The reality of a full democracy at some stage in the future now seemed inevitable , but none of them had any inkling of how far de Klerk , who had made statement after statement saying he would not accept majority rule , would go down that road .
Even he had not made that leap yet .
Walking on the beaches over Christmas , de Klerk reflected on the journey which had taken him here , and the rocky and uncertain fate which lay ahead .
His Huguenot ancestors arrived in the Cape in 1686 and the story of the de Klerks since had been , as he says , " the story of the emerging Afrikaner nation " .
They were farmers who took part in the legendary Voortek , when their leader Piet Retief led his column of ox wagons over the Drakensberg Mountains to escape British rule .
Three de Klerks died with Retief in the great kraal of the Zulu chief Dingane in 1837 , an event so deeply embedded in Afrikaner culture that 16 December , the day of the massacre , was named " The Day of the Vow " or " Dingane 's Day " , which is still celebrated .
His grandfather was twice captured by the British in the Boer War , and later became a founder member of the National Party in 1914 .
De Klerk 's own father was a minister in Verwoerd 's government , and FW himself became an MP at 37 and was appointed to Vorster 's cabinet five years later .
Nobody 's Afrikaner credentials were stronger than his .
" For many years I supported the concept of separate states , " he says now .
" I believed it could bring justice for everyone , including the blacks who would determine their own lives inside their own states .
But by the early 1980s I had concluded this would not work and was leading to injustice and that the system had to change .
I still believed in 1990 that the independent states had a place , but in the end the ANC had put so much pressure on them that they did n't want to go on .
Had we offered Buthelezi a Zululand with Richards Bay harbour , he would have accepted that .
But the whites wanted to hang on to as much as they could and were too greedy . "
He had , he says , " long come to the realisation that we were involved in a downward spiral of increasing violence and we could not hang on indefinitely .
We were involved in an armed struggle where there would be no winners .
The key decision I had to take now , for myself , was whether to make a paradigm shift . "
By the time he was back in Cape Town in early January , he had taken that decision .
He finally took the full cabinet into his confidence just two days before his speech , swearing them to secrecy which was vital if he was going to achieve his objective of maximum surprise and impact .
His press advisers were told to play down expectations , rather than build them up .
In the outside world , the only subject anyone wanted to talk about was Mandela 's imminent release .
The media was arriving in great numbers , including the biggest names in the business :
Ted Koppel decided to broadcast his entire ABC Nightline programme from South Africa for a whole week , and famous anchormen , editors and correspondents all took up residence in the crowded city .
It was slated to be the event of the decade – except it did n't happen that day .
The media would have to sit around – no hardship in mid-summer Cape Town – for another nine days before Mandela walked free nine days later .
" We had planned for February 2 in great detail , and it is remarkable it did n't leak , " says de Klerk now .
" My objective that day was to convince both our friends and our foes alike that we had made the paradigm shift . "
That morning , he says , he awoke with a " sense of destiny – I knew South Africa would never be the same again but I also believed I was doing the right thing at the right time . "
In the parliament , the public gallery was crowded , and television cameras relayed the proceedings live to South Africans who had stopped to watch and listen .
De Klerk calmly waited while the speaker opened the session with the traditional prayer .
Then he walked over to the podium where his speech was already in place and began , speaking half in English , half in Afrikaans .
When he sat down 30 minutes later , the ANC and 30 other political parties , including the Communist Party , had been unbanned unconditionally ; the death penalty was suspended ; the state of emergency was lifted ; trade unions were allowed to function freely ; all political prisoners were to be released immediately and restrictions on political exiles were lifted ; and , perhaps most importantly of all , de Klerk opened the way for South Africa 's first fully democratic election in 300 years by promising " a totally new and just constitutional dispensation in which every inhabitant will enjoy equal rights , treatment and opportunity " .
He did n't mention Mandela until late in the speech and only then in terms of the potentially important part he could play in negotiations , and the fact that he had already declared himself willing to participate in peaceful discussions ( Mandela , offered his release five years before on condition he renounce violence , had flatly refused ) .
But now , de Klerk said , he had taken a firm decision to release Mandela unconditionally , but not yet : " unfortunately a short passage of time is unavoidable " .
That would be days rather than weeks , he indicated , to a huge groan from the press .
He ended with an impassioned invitation to the ANC and all the other parties :
" Walk through the open door and take your place at the negotiating table . "
In short , in half an hour , de Klerk had announced a commitment to a full democracy , with majority rule in a unitary state which would include the homelands , an independent judiciary , a commitment to equal justice for all under a human rights manifesto , no discrimination , and a free economy .
The entire edifice of apartheid , so hated around the world , had been dismantled in a single speech .
He did n't have to wait long for the reaction .
The opposition Democratic party roared its approval while there was disbelief along his own backbenches and fury from the Conservatives .
The veteran editor , Allister Sparks , given a preview of the speech earlier in the day , gasped : " My God , he 's done it all . "
On the streets of Cape Town and in the townships , wild celebrations went on into the night .
Newspaper sellers quickly sold out of the Cape Argus with its headline " ANC UNBANNED " , while Tutu giggled : " Just wait till de Klerk sits down with Tambo .
They will discover how South African they both are ! "
Messages of congratulations began to pour in from world leaders : from Margaret
Thatcher , one of the few remaining relatively sympathetic voices , and presidents Bush , Soares , Mitterand , Kaunda and the UN secretary - general , Perez de Cuellar .
There were even rumours the Pope might pay South Africa a visit , inconceivable only an hour before ( he never did ) .
Mandela , watching on TV , later remarked : " It was a breathtaking moment , for in one sweeping action he had virtually normalised the situation in South Africa .
Our world had changed overnight . "
There would be no more arrests for being a member of the ANC , no more persecution for carrying its green , yellow and black banner and " for the first time in almost 30 years , my picture and my words , and those of all my banned comrades , could appear in South African newspapers " .
Not everyone was pleased of course .
The reactionary Conservative Party and the right - wing of his own party vowed immediate revenge and called for a vote of no confidence .
Die Patriot , organ of the Conservative Party , accused de Klerk of treason and naïveté towards the communists , still its bête - noir .
In far - off Pretoria and the Afrikaans heartland in the Orange Free State , there would be rallies where demonstrators chanted " Hang de Klerk , hang Mandela " and for good measure , in case they felt left out , " hang the Jews " .
But the die was cast and there was now no going back .
Three years later Mandela and de Klerk went together to Oslo to receive their Nobel Peace Prizes .
And a year after that , South Africa got its first black president .
De Klerk today : Confidant to current leaders
FW de Klerk , now aged 73 , lives in Cape Town with his second wife Elita , his comfortable house distinguishable only from his wealthy neighbours by the security guards who alternate between him and his fellow ex-president , Nelson Mandela .
His big interest today is the Global Leadership Fund , which he founded five years ago with the object of improving political leadership around the world .
Its membership comprises some 24 former world leaders , including Joe Clark ( Canada ) , Michel Rocard ( France ) , Mike Moore ( New Zealand ) and Jose Maria Aznar ( Spain ) , an extraordinary network of former heads of government who want to give something back by way of mentoring , guiding and helping new leaders who have no experience of government or how to cope with the hundreds of international agencies who turn up to clamour for their attention .
The GLF has no agenda , and seeks nothing back ( it even pays its own expenses from donations ) , often encouraging leaders to take credit for initiatives it has created for them .
Countries such as Colombia and East Timor have acknowledged the GLF 's support , but for many others it remains confidential .
Apartheid : Its roots and demise
1948 .
After decades of conflict between gold and diamond - hungry Brits and Boers – and a rising nationalist movement headed by the African National Congress ( ANC ) – a policy of apartheid ( separateness ) is adopted when the National Party takes power .
1960 .
Seventy black demonstrators are killed at Sharpeville .
The ANC , which has responded to apartheid with civil disobedience led by Nelson Mandela , is banned .
The following year , Mandela starts a campaign of sabotage with an ANC military wing .
1964 .
After his arrest two years earlier and subsequent imprisonment , Mandela is handed a life sentence .
He spends 18 of his 27 years in prison on Robben Island , where he studies law and seals his status as the hero of the anti-apartheid movement .
1976 .
Black anger boils over in riots that become known as the Soweto uprising – South Africa 's largest and deadliest anti-apartheid protests .
An estimated 600 people , including child demonstrators , are killed in clashes that rage for three weeks .
1990 .
A year after FW de Klerk replaces PW Botha as president and segregation begins to end , the ANC is unbanned and Mandela is set free .
Nine days earlier , FW de Klerk announces the end to apartheid and the coming of a " new South Africa " to a stunned all - white parliament .
1994 .
Mandela becomes President as the ANC wins South Africa 's first non-racial elections .
The country is restored to the Commonwealth , sanctions are lifted and South Africa takes a seat at the UN General Assembly after an absence of 20 years .
Only a few days ago rumors surfaced that AMD 's 890GX and 880G chipsets would debut on March 1 and April 26 .
Now , word has trickled from Sunnyvale that the company 's six - core Thuban processor will be showcased at CeBIT 2010 ( March 2 to 6 ) and corresponding with the aforesaid 880G launch , OCWorkbench claims Thuban will also be released on April 26 .
Previous speculation suggested Thuban would appear in May .
AMD has kept a tight lid on its new hexa - core processor , so next week 's unveiling should be interesting .
To recap what we 've heard about the chip : it will land in three iterations branded Phenom II X6 1035T , 1055T , and 1075T , all of which are 45 nm - based and compatible with AM2 + and AM3 sockets , so they should work with existing motherboards -- though , a BIOS update might be required .
Earlier this month , we also heard that Thuban will have some form of hardware - based dynamic speed boost technology called " C - state performance boost , " which would act similarly to the Turbo Boost feature found in some Core i5 and i7 processors .
Kodak made the initial complaint to the ITC in January
The US International Trade Commission ( ITC ) has said it will investigate the makers of the iPhone and Blackberry , over technology used in their handsets .
The case was prompted by a complaint by camera firm Kodak against Apple and Research In Motion ( RIM ) , the makers of the smartphones .
Kodak alleges the iPhone and Blackberry use technology for previewing pictures that infringe Kodak patents .
Kodak has asked the ITC to bar both firms from shipping the phones .
The camera firm said in January , when it filed the complaint with the ITC , it had been in talks with both firms " for years " to try to resolve the matter " amicably " .
Both RIM and Apple declined to comment on the investigation .
The technology has previously been scrutinised in court .
On 17 December 2009 , an ITC judge ruled that camera - enabled phones made by Samsung infringed upon the Kodak patent .
Kodak has also filed two separate lawsuits against Apple in the US .
They were filed on the same day as the complaint to the ITC and claim Apple products infringe patents relating to digital cameras and certain computer processes .
By Tom Geoghegan
BBC News Magazine
When doctors first examined former footballer John Hartson last week , he was already in the advanced stages of testicular cancer , which had spread to his brain and lungs .
Why do men commonly get medical help later than women ?
John Hartson went into Swansea 's Singleton Hospital a week ago and doctors quickly established that he had testicular cancer which had spread to other parts of his body .
Within days he'd had emergency brain surgery .
Hartson remains in a critical condition
It 's not clear whether the former Celtic and West Ham hero had ignored warning signs - sometimes testicular cancer has no symptoms .
Cycling legend Lance Armstrong , who has sent Hartson his best wishes , admitted he delayed going to a doctor for months before he was given a similar diagnosis in 1996 .
A survey last month for the Everyman Male Cancer Campaign suggested that nearly twice as many men as women had not visited their GP in the past year .
Evidence suggests fewer men go to dentists or ask the pharmacist for advice and information , or attend contraception clinics , although men are more likely to end up in hospital because they delay for so long .
Even male cancer helplines are used more by women , speaking on behalf of partners , fathers or sons .
And the fact that more women get skin cancer than men but more men die from it , indicates how late men are going to doctors .
Men are slowly getting better at it , says Mike Shallcross , associate editor of Men 's Health magazine , but the contrast is made between men's attitude to testicular lumps and women checking their breasts for potential tumours .
Martin Carter waited nine months to check his swollen testicle ' I thought it was something sexual , something I 'd caught , and that made it even harder to talk about it .
' Also , I did n't know where to start .
I was young and had hardly been to my doctor and when I had it was with a parent .
That lack of experience meant I did n't know where to start when it came to seeing my GP .
' When I finally got help I felt ashamed that I had left it so long .
It would have saved myself and my family so much worry and pain .
' My family were really upset and felt so guilty that I had felt as if I could n't talk to them . '
" There 's that fear when you find a lump on your testicle of thinking ' If I go to the doctor he 'll just lop it off ' , which is the standard treatment , but you can get by perfectly with the one .
But in the vast majority of cases , it 's not cancer at all and you 've done the right thing and got a weight off your mind . "
This kind of comparison can be misleading , however , because women need to be more vigilant , he says , Breast cancer is much more common , with about 45,000 new cases a year compared with 2,000 new cases of testicular cancer , which makes up only 1 - 2 % of male cancers and has a very high survival rate .
" Men could learn from women about attitudes to health .
I would characterise it as the way they treat their cars .
Women drive very carefully and make sure they take it into the garage at the right time but men just put their foot down until it 's knackered . "
Embarrassment and inexperience were the reason Martin Carter , 37 , waited nine months to get his testicle checked after it became swollen and hard .
He finally got it seen when it swelled to four times its normal size and he had severe back pain and was losing weight .
By then the cancer had spread to his lungs and abdomen and was pushing against his spine .
" I was only 20 and quite shy , " he says .
" Even though I was close to my family and friends , I just felt too embarrassed to tell anyone .
I felt awkward .
MOST COMMON MALE CANCERS 1 : Prostate - 24 % 2 : Lung - 15 % 3 : Colorectal - 14 % 4 : Bladder - 5 % 5 : Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma - 4 % And ... Testicular - 1 - 2 % ( below top 10 ) Source : Cancer Research UK
" I thought it was something sexual , something I 'd caught , and that made it even harder to talk about it .
Back then testicular cancer was n't so well known , there were no awareness campaigns like now .
" Also , I did n't know where to start .
I was young and had hardly been to my doctor and when I had been , it was with a parent .
That lack of experience meant I did n't know where to start when it came to seeing my GP . "
Gender divide
He had his testicle removed , along with the tumours in his lungs and abdomen , and underwent chemotherapy .
The treatment was successful but 14 years later , in 2006 , his remaining testicle showed signs of cancer .
He got it checked straight away and was told the cancer had returned .
But because he acted immediately it had n't spread anywhere else and he only needed to have the testicle removed .
Martin 's experience underlines the cultural reasons behind the gender divide in the self - diagnosis of cancer , says Professor Colin Cooper , head of the Everyman Centre , Europe 's first research centre dedicated to male cancer .
FAMOUS MEN WITH CANCER Robert De Niro ( above ) - prostate Former US state secretary Colin Powell - prostate Comedian Bob Monkhouse - prostate ( died in 2003 and appeared posthumously in a TV cancer campaign ) Footballer Alan Stubbs - testicular Lance Armstrong - testicular
Hartson condition still critical " Historically women have always been the custodians of health in the family , " he says .
" They have cervical screening and breast screening and they take the kids to the GP .
But men do n't do any of that and tend to be much more reluctant to go when they have symptoms . "
It could also be argued that women use the NHS at an earlier age , because of contraception or child birth , and they are generally more in tune with changes in their bodies .
Cancer survival rates in the UK are among the lowest in Europe because the British - both sexes - are for some reason less inclined to go to a doctor and cancer is diagnosed late , says the professor .
Celebrity Jade Goody , who died earlier this year after cervical cancer spread , ignored a letter saying a cervical smear test had indicated abnormalities .
But generally women are better than men at acting .
" Men tend not to talk about health , " he says .
" Eight years ago we did a survey which found that men like to talk about sport , women , cars .
Even politics is more popular than health issues .
It has slightly opened up since but there 's still a problem . "
That 's why men are going to doctors with very advanced cancer , he says , and John Hartson 's survival prospects , although still quite good at about 60:40 , would have been 99:1 had he been diagnosed earlier .
Taking risks and thinking nothing bad will happen is even seen as part and parcel of being a man
Peter Baker
Men 's Health Forum
Men have a reluctance to ask for help or admit they have a problem about anything , says Peter Baker of Men 's Health Forum , but basing primary health care around office opening hours hardly helps men who are in full - time work .
However , testicular cancer is not the major issue facing men because it's rare and the clear - up rate is high .
" Campaigns have worked because doctors are seeing testicular tumours at an earlier stage .
If I was to pick one issue above all others , I would say obesity and we should do much more about alerting men to the dangers of being overweight . "
Men are generally in poorer health , he says , with a worse diet .
They are more likely to smoke and be alcoholics .
They do more physical activity but the majority do n't do enough to make any difference to their health .
" Taking risks and thinking nothing bad will happen is even seen as part and parcel of being a man , " he says .
Health education should equip men with an understanding of what taking these risks means and how it affects their health , but it needs to be done in a humorous way to have any impact .
This should entail going to the workplace , the pub , the sports venues , and using humour to break down barriers , says Mr Baker .
A recent successful campaign was based on a Haynes car repair manual , with a man 's body illustrated as a car engine .
Additional reporting by Denise Winterman
Here is a selection of your comments .
I feel it is sadly true that men , particularly young men , feel that they are invincible and do not seek medical attention until symptoms become almost life threatening .
However this culture is changing and men are more willing to discuss health issues - if only the information is actually out there .
Unlike many of the other cancers you have mentioned in this article , testicular cancer is one of the few that can be cured IF , caught early enough .
More attention should be paid toward the simple act of checking yourself and knowing what feels right for you - this routine could be what saves your life .
Anna Haywood , Buckinghamshire I have had testicular cancer and luckily I caught it early .
I discovered it whilst showering one morning .
However , I was moving country at the time and only decided to do something about it once I had moved .
This was about two months from initial discovery to treatment .
I went through a phase before diagnosis of shrugging it off , but as I am relatively health conscious , I decided I had to do something about it .
Its only having had a serious illness that you become sensitive to them .
I now have annual blood checks .
Colin Larcombe , Orléans , France I work for the NHS in Health Improvement and lead on men's health .
I totally agree with a number of the comments above ; particularly access times and attitudes of GPs .
I hear these comments all the time from large groups of men who I deliver men's health awareness sessions to ( using humour as an approach ! ) .
New extended hours and 8 am - 8 pm 7 days a week surgeries are available now where anyone can simply walk in and see a GP .
We are promoting these as much as possible at the moment alongside self checking awareness .
Men need to keep pushing GPs or ask for a second opinion , and yes some work may need to be done with GP 's but for every difficult GP , you have another fantastic one who champions the cause so it 's not good to generalise .
Richie Andrew , Middlesbrough / Redcar and Cleveland I agree with the ' doctor 's condescending attitude ' theme to some of these posts .
I have experienced this on a couple of occasions at our local surgery ( seen by different doctors ) .
I went because I was concerned by a skin / chest irritation & I wondered if it was a possible cancer issue .
I had tried to find good NHS info about male breast cancer on their websites , but it 's all centred around female breast cancer .
The doctor was very dismissive and said that male breast cancer was very rare - how was I meant to know that ?
She could n't say what it was and told me to try changing washing detergent .
Is it any wonder that we ( men ) do n't take our symptoms to the doctor until it 's very serious !
Ross , Edinburgh
As I hit my 40s I requested a " well man " check from my GP .
Duly arranged I turned up and I was weighed and my blood pressure taken .
" Was that it ? " " Well , do you have any questions ? "
No cholesterol checks , no lifestyle questionnaire , no liver function test , no testicle or prostate exam , nothing .
I could have done it at home myself .
A complete waste of time and money .
When I worked in Japan EVERY public sector worker had a full work up every year - admittedly this was overkill - barium meals and x-rays - but some half - way house is surely needed .
Adam , Bradford Frankly , if you 're a male of working age , doctors also assume there can be little wrong with you .
I asked for a general check - up when I reached 40 , and as well getting a slightly frosty response , was asked " well , do YOU think there 's anything wrong ? "
It 's not embarrassment , it 's being made to feel you 're wasting the time of NHS staff .
Paul , Coventry
While it 's true that us men often ignore our health problems , my experience is that most doctors do n't take my health seriously enough .
I have suffered health problems for over four years , but it took three years of trying , and four GPs , till I was referred to hospital specialists - where they discovered I had chlamydia , intestinal parasites , and a potentially serious lung problem !
The first GP , when I told her on the phone I had just had a urinary tract infection while away in Wales , and had been advised by the doctor there to make an urgent appointment on my return , told me that men do not get UTIs ( by implication accusing me of lying ) , and refused to see me .
This meant I continued to have chlamydia for three more years and could potentially have infected hundreds of people -- fortunately I had n't !
Yet most women I know are repeatedly offered tests for STIs .
Rupert Taylor , Bristol , England
This article indicates one of the many problems men face in life generally .
It 's full of negatives ; it 's always our fault !
Why do n't women take a greater part in parliamentary politics ?
Because we ( men ) do n't encourage them enough .
Why do n't men go to the doctor ?
Because the NHS focuses so much on women , because men are not brought up with health issues like women are , because your local health centre is like a women 's centre , because men are under pressure as bread winners not to take time off for the doc ?
No , because men are bad , slow , unprepared etc .
A more positive attitude and a little less blame is what 's called for .
John Connolly , Northampton I live in Ealing and my local ' health ' centre is so over - subscribed they wo n't give you an appointment .
You 're supposed to ring up on the day and they 'll fit you in .
What good is that to me ?
I work full - time and would never go to the doctor with a cold or flu .
As a child I reacted to the whooping cough jab and on the advice of my GP was n't vaccinated against measles .
Recently my local ' health ' centre refused to vaccinate me as I was too old .
I 'm 28 .
In the end I got the jab at my previous GP practice in Northants .
I love Britain but why are so many ' services ' substandard ?
James , Ealing , London Lots of men do n't visit the doctor because they shrug off their symptoms either as bravado or just because it does n't seem significant .
Funny really because the stereotype is that we get man - flu and think things are worse than they really are so you 'd expect us to be going more than women .
The other reason could be that we do n't want to " put doctors out " and take valuable time away from those perceived to be more sick than us .
This is exacerbated by overworked GPs wanting to get through the daily surgery and giving an impression of hurrying us through .
You might feel you 've put out a GP by seeing them with what you consider trivial symptoms and not go back again .
Johnny Maelstrom , Surbiton Amongst other reasons I am sure there is one BIG reason why men dont report illness such as testicular cancer or indeed prostrate cancer : they are often unaware of what signs to look for ( unlike breast cancer where there is clear info on what to look for and how to go about it ) .
The answer to this might well include info such as has been given recently on the TV about strokes and / or popular TV programmes such as Coronation Street or EastEnders including such info in their storylines .
Pete Lawton , Birmingham UK I am a diabetic .
In my recent visits to my GP , I found him to be patronising and demeaning .
I will never be going back to the same GP and will be asking for a different GP at the surgery .
Such behaviour can drive patients away .
There must be strict rules about how GPs can speak to their patients as this can drive patients away and affect patients ' health .
Ashish Kulkarni , Stirling , Stirlingshire I think there are two measures that could be considered to improve the statistics : 1 . Make medical self - observation part of school education .
Some basic medical knowledge and the ability to tell signs of certain illnesses is just as important as basic maths .
2 . It would be helpful to provide an annual health checkup for every person .
It does not need to be high tech , just a 10 minute appointment with your GP to do some basic checks and have a chat .
But I suppose this would already put too much strain on the NHS .
Holger , Bristol , UK
It should be compulsory for men and women to have regular checks at the doctors for cancer .
More and more often , we hear of people being diagnosed too late , why are n't we all allowed the opportunity to be regularly checked by our GP ?
Maybe even full health checks on a yearly basis .
This would mean more GPs or them having to work weekends , but what price a human life ?
Rick Harrison , Doncaster GP opening hours are a major issue - I work away from home in hotels 5 days a week and my GP does n't open on a Saturday .
Even if I can work locally , the earliest appointment is 0830 so I would still not start the commute to work until 9 .
Us men are notoriously lazy at making an effort when it is needed so make healthcare more accessible and reduce the effort required !
Paul , Berkshire
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
SFF
Net opened on 10 July 1996 as an online home for authors , publishers , editors , media pros , and fans , catering to genre fiction , mostly science fiction and fantasy .
It closed on 31 March 2017 .
During its heyday , SFF
Net hosted hundreds of domains for authors and writing organizations , had discussion groups , sponsored parties at cons , and provided email , chat , and other such services .
It also produced a series of anthologies , helped readers connect with writers , and provided private areas where members of professional organizations could speak with each other about the craft and business of writing .
Alas , the economics of hosting services favor large providers over small communities .
Free hosting , free email , and social media ( all supported by advertisements ) came along , and large providers took over the remainder of the business by offering low - cost sites with tools for designing and maintaining websites without understanding HTML .
Google was only a year old when SFF
Net started .
Social media sites , such as Facebook , founded in 2004 , have mostly replaced the traditional " bulletin board " sites .
SFF
Net was a hobby rather than a business .
Jeffry Dwight custom - wrote most of the servers , services , scripts , and utilities .
Steve Ratzlaff provided most of the ongoing technical support for SFF
Net 's customers .
Jim Macdonald helped lost souls from GEnie find their way .
In the end , after putting it off as long as possible , SFF Net decided to close its doors .
Although we will miss each of our members , we hope to stay in touch through other means .
Best regards ,
Jeffry Dwight
Steve Ratzlaff
It ’s in her interest to say this , of course , if she wants any shot at the GOP nomination , and it ’s bound to irritate tea - party indies who bristle at her attempts to “ hijack ” the movement for Republicans .
But if , like me , you ’re first and foremost interested in knocking the Democrats out of power , this is pure gold .
Asked what her advice would be to conservatives as the November elections approach , Palin first lavished praise on the Tea Party movement , calling it “ a grand movement ” and adding , “ I love it because it ’s all about the people . ”
But she quickly pivoted to the broader question of whether the Tea Party movement might successfully field its own candidates in national elections , and on that point she sounded far from convinced .
“ Now the smart thing will be for independents who are such a part of this Tea Party movement to , I guess , kind of start picking a party , ” Palin said .
“ Which party reflects how that smaller , smarter government steps to be taken ?
Which party will best fit you ?
And then because the Tea Party movement is not a party , and we have a two - party system , they ’re going to have to pick a party and run one or the other : ‘ R ’ or ‘ D ’. ”
Translation : Forget the third - party nonsense .
She ’s been surprisingly consistent on this point , even with people like Glenn Beck leaning on her ; all credit to her for trying to keep the train on the track for the midterms before it derails in Perotville .
With exquisite timing , CNN ’s out with a new poll today showing just how catastrophic a third - party tea-party movement would be to the GOP ’s chances .
Head to head with Democrats on the generic ballot , Republicans currently lead 47/45 among registered voters .
Feast your eyes on what happens if tea partiers , er , go rogue :
That ’s a lot of tea .
In fact , according to CNN , fully 11 percent of Americans claim they ’ve actively supported the tea party movement in some way .
( Note to Olbermann : Supporters are also better educated than the population on average . )
Can that be right ?
33 million or so tea partiers ?
So you 've had Google Buzz for a few days , and you 're starting to figure out how you can fit Google 's latest social media venture into you r digital life .
Well , now it 's time to take your Buzz experience to the next level , with a few power user tips that will let you add some pizzazz to your text , give you greater flexibility in how you send out buzzes , and take control of those annoying Buzz notifications hitting your inbox .
Mark Up Your Text
Google Buzz understands some very basic text markup language .
That means you can spice up your text entries on Buzz by using bold text , italics and strikethroughs .
Here 's what you do :
* Make your text bold by placing an asterisk at each end of your word or sentence * .
_ Using underscores at each end will italicize this Buzz comment_ .
- Use a dash at each end for a strikethrough -
For an em -- dash , just place two hyphens side -- by-- side
( via ReadWriteWeb )
E- Mail Your Buzz
If you do n't have access to a Web browser , you can still send out your buzz via e-mail using your desktop e-mail client or your mobile device .
Just send your post to buzz@gmail.com from the same Gmail account that displays your Buzz activity .
You can use e-mail to send photos or text .
TIP : In my tests , only the text in my e-mail subject lines was displayed from my buzzes sent via e-mail .
So any text in the message body of your e-mail will not be displayed .
Photo attachments should show up automatically .
Bonus Tip :
The e-mail feature will work only with the Gmail account where you get your Buzz notifications .
It does not work with other Gmail accounts you might have or with a non-Gmail e-mail account .
To find out how to access your Gmail from a desktop e-mail client ( Outlook , Thunderbird etc. ) via POP or IMAP protocols , visit the Gmail help pages .
Get Those Buzzes Out of Your Inbox
Three kinds of Buzz updates will be automatically sent to your inbox :
Whenever anyone comments on a buzz created by you ; when another user comments on a buzz created by someone else that you have also commented on ; or when someone tags you in a Buzz through the @reply system .
Google send these notifications to you , because the company believes you 'll want to be notified when things happen on Buzzes you are actively participating in .
But if you find these notifications annoying , Google does n't have an obvious way to change this behavior .
So it 's up to you to employ the power of Gmail filters and labels to take control of your buzzes .
Here 's what you can do :
Labels
Note : this step is only useful if you are going to use the Multiple Inboxes tip detailed below .
The first thing you want to do is create two labels : " My Buzzes " and " Buzzes . "
To do this , click on the " Labels " button at the top of your Gmail inbox and select " Manage labels . "
Scroll down to where you see a text entry box that says " Create a new label . "
Just type in the name of each label one at a time and click " Create . "
Now go back to your inbox , and it 's time for part two .
Filter Buzzes created by you
1 ) Go to your Gmail inbox , and at the top of the page next to the " Search the Web " button click on " Create a filter "
2 ) In the " From " section type out your name and in the " Has the words " box type " label : buzz " and click on " Next step . "
If you get a pop - up warning telling you this is a highly unusual step , do n't worry about it and just click " OK . "
( Click on the images below to enlarge them for a closer look at the screen . )
3 ) On this page , select " My Buzzes " from the " Apply the label " drop down menu .
Then you can decide what you want Gmail to do with these Buzz notifications :
Skip the inbox , Mark as read , and so on .
I would recommend having them skip the inbox ; that way you can always view your buzzes by clicking on " All mail " in the left hand column of your Gmail page .
4 ) Now just check off " Also apply filter to ... " and then click the " Create filter " button , and you 're done with this filter .
For Buzzes created by others
For the second filter , step 1 is exactly the same .
For step two place a minus sign ( -) in front of your name .
Click on the image to see what step two looks like .
For step three , apply the label " Buzzes " and then choose your other filter options as you did previously .
( via jungleG )
Multiply Your Inbox
Now that you 've got the buzzes hitting your inbox under control , let 's get serious about organization by using Multiple Inboxes .
This is a relatively new feature in Gmail that lets you view several different sections in your Gmail inbox to make it easy to separate messages from specific people , groups or message types like buzzes .
For our purposes , we are going to add two different inboxes to your Gmail homepage : one for Buzzes created by you ( labeled My Buzzes ) and one for Buzzes created by others ( Buzzes ) .
Here 's what you do to activate Multiple Inboxes :
1 ) Open up Gmail labs ( the little green beaker in the top right corner ) and enable Multiple Inboxes .
Then scroll down to the bottom of the labs page and press " save changes . "
2 ) Back at your inbox click on " Settings " next to the Labs icon and you should see a heading called " Multiple Inboxes . "
3 ) In " Pane 0 " type " is: My Buzzes " and then type " My Buzzes " in " Panel title ( optional ) "
4 ) In " Pane 1 " type " is: Buzzes " and type " Buzzes " under " Panel title ( optional ) "
5 ) Now adjust your optional settings for how many conversations each inbox should show at once , and where you want them placed in relation to your general inbox .
6 ) Press " save changes " and your inbox should now look something like this ( click on the image to enlarge ) .
Now , you 'll be able to see your incoming buzzes at a glance , and they still wo n't be blocking up your general inbox .
So there you have it -- five great tips to get your new buzzes under control .
Got any other tips ?
Share them in the comments .
Connect with Ian Paul ( @ianpaul ) .
It is legal to kill iguanas in Florida but only if it is done humanely .
" If somebody is looking to trap them , I guess right now would be a good time because they 're not moving , " said Tiffany Snow , a biologist for the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission .
By Paul Rincon
Science reporter , BBC News , The Woodlands , Texas
Stardust landed back on Earth in January 2006 Scientists may have identified the first specks of interstellar dust in material collected by the US space agency 's Stardust spacecraft .
A stream of this dust flows through space ; the tiny particles are building blocks that go into making stars and planets .
The Nasa spacecraft was primarily sent to catch dust streaming from Comet Wild 2 and return it to Earth for analysis .
But scientists also set out to capture particles of interstellar dust .
The material was gathered by the Stardust probe in a seven - year , 4.8 - billion - km ( 2.9 billion miles ) interplanetary voyage .
So far this particle is unique ... if we drop it on the floor , it will cost $ 300 m to get another one
Dr Andrew Westphal , University of California , Berkeley
It extended a retractable device containing cells filled with a material called aerogel , a porous substance designed to trap dust molecules .
A capsule containing the precious samples was then returned to Earth in January 2006 .
Team members have now reported the possible discovery of two contemporary interstellar dust grains in the Stardust Interstellar Dust Collector ( SIDC ) deployed during the mission .
Dr Andrew Westphal , from the University of California , Berkeley , announced the find at the Lunar and Planetary Science Conference ( LPSC ) in The Woodlands , Texas .
' Cautiously excited '
The discovery was made by a member of the public , using the Stardust@Home internet application , which invited participants to search the aerogel collection medium for tiny particles of the dust .
" There are two particles , but they are in the same track .
So when they hit the aerogel , they were together - they are two components of the same particle , " Dr Westphal told BBC News .
" But they are very different from each other .
That in itself is interesting , because if this does turn out to be interstellar dust , then it is a bit more heterogeneous than people thought . "
All the heavy atoms in this room were in interstellar dust
Don Brownlee , University of Washington
The initial speck , known as particle 30 , was spotted by Bruce Hudson , from Ontario in Canada .
Under the agreement made between the science team and participants in Stardust@Home , Mr Hudson was allowed to choose a name for the particle ; he called it Orion .
After preliminary analyses , the scientists found another grain upstream , which Bruce Hudson named Sirius .
But Dr Westphal stressed that the find " could be a false alarm " .
" The right way to say it is we 're cautiously excited , " he told me .
" We have very limited data on it so far and the reason is deliberate .
The analyses we are doing have the potential to do some minor damage to the particles .
We do n't think it will and we 'll be careful to limit our analyses .
" So far this particle is unique ... if we drop it on the floor , it will cost $ 300 m to get another one . "
Heavy atoms Scientists have identified 28 definite impact " tracks " in the interstellar dust collector .
But most of these come from angles indicating they are little particles of debris from impacts with the spacecraft 's solar panels .
However , particle 30 is one of seven with ambiguous trajectories .
Interstellar dust is formed when gas is ejected from stars and condenses to form grains .
This dust then has to survive in the interstellar medium - the matter which exists between stars - where it is battered by cosmic radiation and shock processes .
It carries with it the heavy atoms that go into making the stars and planets .
Our own Solar System was also constructed with these building blocks .
Stardust flew by Comet Wild 2 in 2004
The possible dust grains were collected as Stardust travelled with the interstellar dust stream which passes through our Solar System .
The spacecraft 's chief scientist , Dr Don Brownlee from the University of Washington in Seattle , told BBC News : " All the heavy atoms in this room were in interstellar dust ... so we want to know what this stuff is . "
He added : " This dust , once it 's formed , and once it 's heated or changed [ initially ] it is set for billions of years .
Dr Westphal told BBC
News : " It is very fine - grained material , which is what you 'd expect for interstellar dust .
It has an elemental composition which is consistent with what you would expect for interstellar dust .
And it has a composition for other elements which are not inconsistent , but a bit surprising . "
The researchers have so far analysed magnesium , aluminium , iron , chromium , manganese , nickel , copper and gallium from the particles .
A new mineral found in a type of particle known as interplanetary dust has recently been named Brownleeite after Dr Brownlee , who is regarded as a founder of the field of cosmic dust research .
The discovery has been published in the journal American Mineralogist .
Though highly prized by Stardust 's team , interstellar dust can be a nuisance in optical astronomy , because it can obscure objects in regions of the sky targeted for observation .
Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Midway through his standing - room - only lecture at MIT on Friday , Feb.
5 , Nobel Prize - winning economist Paul Krugman PhD ’ 77 took a brief detour into world history — specifically to the Dark Ages .
It was a period , Krugman suggested , that was especially dismal not merely due to , say , rampant barbarism , but because it constituted an intellectual reversal : “ In the Dark Ages , people forgot what the Greeks and Romans had learned . ”
It is an analogy Krugman favors these days when he thinks about his own profession .
“ We ’re living in a dark age of macroeconomics , ” Krugman said during his lecture , before an audience of several hundred students ( and several of his former MIT colleagues ) in the Stata Center .
“ Economists themselves are confused , ” he added .
“ It ’s been really amazing within the economics profession to see how much has been lost . ”
What has been lost above all , Krugman argued , is an appreciation of ideas developed in the 1930s — most notably the economist John Maynard Keynes ’s broad view that in certain circumstances government spending is the best tool to instigate an economic recovery .
At a time when interest rates are minimal and can hardly be lowered to spur private investment , Krugman argued , Keynesian thought is especially vital , despite some loud arguments to the contrary .
Thus Krugman believes the United States has benefitted from the $ 787 billion federal stimulus package that was signed into law in February 2009 ; it consisted of a combination of spending programs on things like infrastructure , education and research , along with some state aid and tax cuts .
Although unemployment has risen from 8.2 percent when the stimulus was passed to 9.7 percent today , Krugman thinks the legislation helped alleviate the recession ’s effects .
“ We would probably have 12 percent unemployment in the U.S. if we did n’t have the stimulus , ” he said .
Yet the seemingly long odds against additional government spending are leading Krugman to think we may well be headed for a double - dip recession — the contemporary counterpart to the slump that occurred in 1937 , just as the U.S. economy was recovering from the worst of the Great Depression .
“ We are caught in a situation more than a little reminiscent of the mid-1930s , ” Krugman emphasized .
“ How can we be replaying the past so badly ? ” he added .
“ That is the question that has worried me a lot . ”
Share the blame
If economics is failing to help the economy , however , Krugman is willing to spread the blame around , between both economists and politicians .
At Friday ’s lecture , sponsored by MIT ’s Undergraduate Economics Association , Krugman amplified some of the critiques of his profession he has made over the last year , including a widely disseminated essay in The New York Times Magazine .
As Krugman sees it , the economic ideas associated most heavily with the University of Chicago — such as the continuous efficiency of markets and the need to keep government out of the economic arena — have had a broad and baleful influence on economics education .
“ In the 1970s , a lot of schools stopped teaching old - fashioned macro , ” said Krugman on Friday .
“ MIT being one of the places you could still get it . ”
( In addition to receiving his PhD at MIT , Krugman taught at the Institute in two stints , totaling more than 15 years , between 1980 and 2000 , when he moved to Princeton . )
As a result , he added , “ What ’s striking is how many people there are in their 30s and 40s in the profession who have n’t encountered this idea , that fiscal stimulus helps . ”
Additionally , Krugman thinks , efficient - markets ideology has allowed many misconceptions to flourish , including one he has frequently written about — the notion that government spending crowds out private investment , which Krugman believes to have been refuted long ago .
“ There are insights that have been hard - won , but they were hard - won 70 years ago , and were lost in the interim , ” he told the MIT audience .
When these ideas are forgotten within the profession , Krugman asserted , such pieces of knowledge stand even less of a chance of getting a hearing on Capitol Hill .
The problem , in his view , is that “ political people tend to always look part - way .
If you say you need to do this big [ bill ] , they ’ll say , ‘ All right , let ’s do part of it . ’ …
That ’s very difficult to do in a situation where half a loaf may be not much better than nothing .
And that is the situation we face with this crisis .
If you do a half - hearted policy , even if economists think you should do more , the conclusion will be , ‘ Well that policy failed . ’ ”
As Krugman sees it , then , the government did too little to fight the recession , and now it ’s too late to reverse course .
In part , he said , that is also because an odd kind of self - congratulation has set in among policy - makers and the chattering classes , for having prevented an all - out 1930s - style Great Depression .
“ By avoiding utter disaster , ” Krugman said , “ we ’re avoiding looking at our own failings . ”
Referring to Ben Bernanke , chairman of the Federal Reserve , Krugman offered , “ I have a high regard for my former department chair [ at Princeton ] , but I ’m not sure the fact that the world did n’t end is enough reason to make Ben Bernanke [ Time magazine ’s ]
Man of the Year . ”
No room for optimism
Krugman ended his talk with a wide - ranging question - and - answer session with students , covering subjects from international trade ( a Krugman specialty ) to his own investment advice ( Krugman declined to offer any ) .
Audience members found a variety of subjects in Krugman ’s ruminations to sort through after the talk .
The lecture was “ good , but rather depressing , ” commented Charles Barr , a freshman majoring in economics .
“ It ’s terrible to forget pieces of knowledge , so if he ’s right that important ideas are not being taught , that ’s disappointing .
Even if some ideas are wrong , we should still understand what they are . ”
Akil Middleton SB ’08 , who is pursuing a master ’s degree in aeronautics and astronautics , said he largely agreed with Krugman ’s analysis of the disjuncture between economics and policy - making .
“ What ’s frustrating is that we have so many people with expertise and solutions in this country , and it ’s the political system that ’s holding things up . ”
As Krugman made clear , he does not expect that current policy stasis to change any time soon .
Winding up his remarks , Krugman paused , looked down at the podium , then sized up the audience again .
“ I left a little [ space ] in my notes here that says , ‘ Come up with something optimistic to say at the end , ’ ” he remarked as the audience laughed , “ but I do n’t have anything . ”
Call it black humor for the new dark age .
Debra Medina is n’t calling for Texas to secede from the union .
She thinks the state should simply ignore federal laws that Texans ca n’t abide .
“ You get [ the Environmental Protection Agency ] off the backs of Texas agriculture , energy and manufacturing , we wo n’t have an economic crisis , ” the gubernatorial hopeful says .
She does n’t advocate bloodshed , though Medina believes it may be inevitable “ if we do n’t stand up and start to defend this free , great nation and get it back to . . . constitutional principles . ”
FOR THE RECORD :
Texas primary :
An article in Tuesday ’s Section A about the Texas gubernatorial primary said the election is March 3 .
The primary is March 2 . —
At another time , in another place , Medina might be a mere curiosity , peddling unconventional ideas -- replacing property taxes with a bigger sales tax , encouraging every citizen to be armed -- from the political fringe .
But as early voting starts Tuesday in the March 3 primary , Medina has emerged as a key factor in a Republican race once seen as a battle between two titans , Gov. Rick Perry and Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison .
Although sparsely funded , Medina , a small - business owner and “ tea party ” activist , could draw enough support to force an April runoff .
( Former Houston Mayor Bill White is the likely Democratic nominee . )
Until a recent stumble -- during a radio interview , Medina would n’t rule out the notion that the government was behind the Sept. 11 attacks -- she was well positioned to slip past Hutchison in the first round of balloting .
Very little , it seems , is far - fetched in this angry election season .
The grudge match between Perry and Hutchison has built for years , ever since the governor supposedly reneged on a private pledge to step down after 2010 to clear the way for Hutchison .
Perry says he made no such promise .
Still , the candidates ’ mutual contempt is obvious .
Between them , Perry and Hutchison are expected to spend about $ 50 million scratching and clawing , and more if there is a runoff .
( Medina has raised less than $ 700,000 , using her credit card for such expenses as air travel . )
Perry , the longest - serving governor in Texas history , relentlessly assails Hutchison as “ a Washington - establishment type who has voted for bailouts , wild spending and skyrocketing debt . ”
Hutchison , a three - term senator , portrays Perry as lazy and corrupt , saying he has rewarded his political cronies but done little else .
“ It ’s time we had a governor whose record is as good as the rhetoric , ” she says in one TV spot .
On most issues , they are closer than either lets on .
Both take a tough stance on illegal immigration .
( Each accuses the other of being all talk . )
Both promise to keep taxes low and foster a business - friendly climate .
Perry has backed off an unpopular toll road plan .
Hutchison said she would make sure the plan is really , truly dead .
Perry , 59 , is the better campaigner -- he is an avid gripper and grinner , where Hutchison is prim and aloof -- and she has suffered by dividing her time between Washington and Texas .
Although Hutchison , 66 , has spoken of stepping down to campaign full time , her failure to set a date has contributed to a less - than - decisive image .
( Her convoluted stance on abortion has n’t helped .
Hutchison said at one point that she opposed a reversal of Roe vs .
Wade because overturning the decision legalizing abortion could lead to more abortions . )
As often happens in three - way contests , Medina has been the beneficiary of all the mud-heaving .
“ It seems the longer people are in office , whether it ’s Washington or Austin , the more out of touch they get , ” said Mannon Mints , 65 , a retired state law officer , who came to see Medina last week at the Victoria Country Club .
“ They need to go up there and spend a few years and then come home . ”
Medina ’s breakthrough came in January , after two strong debate performances .
“ She was the one who came across , to judge from polls and reaction afterward , as more forthright , better prepared , quite calm and confident , ” said University of Texas analyst Bruce Buchanan .
However , success has brought greater scrutiny , and Medina , 47 , has not always handled it well .
Last week , on Glenn Beck ’s radio show , she was asked whether she thought the federal government was involved in the Sept. 11 attacks .
“ Some very good questions have been raised in that regard , ” she said , declining to take a position .
( Medina also questions whether President Obama is an American citizen . )
She quickly issued a follow - up statement disavowing any Sept. 11 conspiracy , but Perry and Hutchison pounced .
An “ insult ” to Americans who lost their lives , Perry said .
An “ affront ” to America ’s soldiers , Hutchison said .
Still , Medina has already achieved far more than might have been expected .
Failing a successful run for governor , she may be a strong candidate to replace her congressman , Republican Ron Paul , whenever he steps down .
Paul , who built a strong anti-establishment following in his quixotic 2008 presidential run , is a Medina supporter .
mark.barabak@ latimes.com
Photos of SpaceX's Falcon 9 Vertical at Cape Canaveral
Status Report From : SpaceX
Posted : Sunday , February 21 , 2010
SpaceX's Falcon 9 launch vehicle is now vertical at Space Launch Complex 40 , Cape Canaveral .
Following its mate to the transporter erector , Falcon 9 was rolled from the integration hangar to the launch pad where final checks of the pad hydraulic and pneumatic systems were completed .
Falcon 9 is undergoing a checkout of the critical flight connections including fuel , liquid oxygen , and gas pressure systems .
Once all system interfaces are verified , the SpaceX launch team will execute a full tanking test of both first and second stages ( wet dress ) followed by a brief ~ 3.5 static fire of the first stage .
SpaceX has not set specific dates for wet dress or static fire as schedule will be driven by the satisfactory completion of all test objectives and a thorough review of the data .
// end //
More status reports and news releases or top stories .
Please follow SpaceRef on Twitter and Like us on Facebook .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
11:29 a.m. , Feb. 16 , 2010 ---- The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention continue to urge everyone to get vaccinated against the H1N1 flu , and vaccinations are available free to UD students , faculty and staff at Student Health .
THIS STORY E-mail Print Twitter
UD students can make an appointment online using Student Health 's secure Web site .
Members of the faculty and staff should call ( 302 ) 831-2226 and press option 0 during regular office hours to make an appointment .
Employees should have their UD employee number available when they call .
There is no charge for H1N1 influenza vaccine given to students , faculty and staff at Student Health .
For information about H1N1 and the University of Delaware , go to UD's H1N1 411 site .
Space is full of images that make a geek ’s heart flutter .
But how about when we point those cameras back down at us on Earth ?
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
Google Earth has created a treasure trove of geeky images .
Here are some of my favorites .
( Click on the images to see the image in the Google Maps webpage . )
Okay , so some of these images are geekier than other images .
My kids thought it was “ cool ” to see them , especially as we zoomed in and panned around the surrounding areas .
You can also see all of these on a world map at Geeky Images on Google Earth .
Let me know about any others and I will add them to the map .
All images are © Google .
The arrests come on the heels of the capture of Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar , the Taliban ’s military commander and the deputy to Mullah Muhammad Omar , the movement ’s founder .
Mullah Baradar was arrested in a joint operation by the Central Intelligence Agency and the Directorate for Inter - Services Intelligence , Pakistan ’s military intelligence agency .
NYTimes.com
I have taken to heart the advice that Progressives should be just as loud about good news as we are about bad news , so , in that spirit , I gladly give you this GOOD NEWS - and no , it 's not good news for John McCain .
The Taliban played a central role in the planning of 9/11 and the training of the terrorists who launched that attack .
The Taliban harbored Osama Bin Laden and American troops had Bin Laden cornered in the Tora Bora region of Afghanistan when then President George W. Bush and President Dick Cheney decided to let Bin Laden go so they could invade Iraq for Oil and declare mission accomplished .
At the time it was a stupid decision that cost America the lives of our troops , plunged Iraq into chaos and drove America 's debt through the roof , and most Americans do not know this .
So let 's spread the news .
There is a new Sheriff in town , and we are finally doing the job we were supposed to do , the job that Republicans ignored for years and years .
And now , under a new President , we are beginning to finally bring the Taliban to justice .
More proof that ELECTIONS MATTER .
2010 is upon us , with mid term elections only months away .
It is time for EVERYONE who is opposed to the lunacy and corruption of Conservative governance to GRAB A MOP .
It is time for us to FIGHT BACK .
That starts with messaging .
So let 's spread the message far and wide , and let 's Yell Louder when we do it .
So spread the GOOD NEWS .
Make it viral .
Shout it from the frigging rooftops , and Yell Louder !
President Obama has caught more Taliban Leaders in 1 month than Bush / Cheney did in 6 years
Put that in your coal pipe and smoke it , wingnuts .
UPDATE :
More GOOD NEWS : Breaking : Taliban / HQ stronghold captured
US Marines seize Taliban headquarters , IDs , photos
The only thing Obama is making America less safe for is chickenshit draft dodgers who want to scare America into voting against their own interests .
The funniest part of this is that while Dick Cheney works the Sunday talk circuit telling everyone how President Obama is making us less safe Obama 's policies are actually working to catch the Taliban terrorists that Dick Cheney and Republicans totally ignored for 6 years .
WIN / WIN
If you look close , you can see the part where Haliburton moves it 's hand up Cheney 's ass to make him speak .
GOOD NEWS !
Crossposted at ProgressiveElectorate.com
You can take the girl out of the Dot , but you can't take the fight out of the girl , apparently .
Rather than risk more trouble with OFDs turned suburban matrons turned no-holds - barred fighters , Florian Hall has canceled a series of glitter - ball events because of a fight that left one woman with only nine fingertips on Jan. 22 .
The two women , both originally from Dorchester , returned to the neighborhood that night from their current homes in Rockland , where they 've apparently been feuding for years , a hall manager told the Boston Licensing Board this morning .
Sgt. Charles McKinnon of District C- 11 told the board the two began to fight around 10:40 p.m .
One body checked the other before friends broke them up .
But then they started to fight again .
Several punches were thrown and one used her teeth rather decisively , he said .
He added " the tip of the finger was then located on the dance floor inside the hall . "
Board Chairman Daniel Pokaski noted the hall has a good reputation .
The board decides Thursday whether to take any action .
Troy , N.Y. -
Why can't I fall asleep ?
Will this new medication keep me up all night ?
Can I sleep off this cold ?
Despite decades of research , answers to these basic questions about one of our most essential bodily functions remain exceptionally difficult to answer .
In fact , researchers still do n't fully understand why we even sleep at all .
In an effort to better understand the sleep - wake cycle and how it can go awry , researchers at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute are taking a different approach than the traditional brain scans and sleep studies .
They are using mathematics .
Professor of Mathematics Mark Holmes and his graduate student Lisa Rogers are using math to develop a new computer model that can be easily manipulated by other scientists and doctors to predict how different environmental , medical , or physical changes to a person 's body will affect their sleep .
Their model will also provide clues to the most basic dynamics of the sleep - wake cycle .
" We wanted to create a very interdisciplinary tool to understand the sleep - wake cycle , " Holmes said .
" We based the model on the best and most recent biological findings developed by neurobiologists on the various phases of the cycle and built our mathematical equations from that foundation .
This has created a model that is both mathematically and biologically accurate and useful to a variety of scientists .
" This is also an important example of how applied mathematics can be used to solve real issues in science and medicine , " Holmes continued .
To create the model , the researchers literally rolled up their sleeves and took to the laboratory before they put pencil to paper on the mathematical equations .
Rogers spent last summer with neurobiologists at Harvard Medical School to learn about the biology of the brain .
She investigated the role of specific neurotransmitters within the brain at various points in the sleep - wake cycle .
The work taught the budding mathematician how to read EEG ( electroencephalography ) and EMG ( electromyography ) data on the brainwaves and muscle activity that occur during the sleep cycle .
This biologic data would form the foundation of their mathematic calculations .
This research foundation allowed the team to develop a massive 11 - equation model of the sleep - wake cycle .
They are now working to input those differential equations into an easy - to - use graphic computer model for biologists and doctors to study .
" We have developed a model that can serve other researchers as a benchmark of the ideal , healthy sleep - wake cycle , " Holmes said .
" Scientists will be able to take this ideal model and predict how different disturbances such as caffeine or jet lag will impact that ideal cycle .
This is a very non-invasive way to study the brain and sleep that will provide important clues on how to overcome these disturbances and allow patients to have better and more undisturbed sleep . "
Rogers will continue her work on the program after receiving her doctoral degree in applied mathematics from Rensselaer this spring .
Her work on the mathematics of the sleep - wake cycle has already garnered attention within the scientific community , earning her a postdoctoral research fellowship from the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) .
With the fellowship , Rogers will continue her work at New York University and begin to incorporate other aspects of the sleep - wake cycle in the model such as the impacts of circadian rhythms .
###
Hackage now has 1851 Haskell packages , of which 1541 ( 84 % ) have been natively packaged for Arch in AUR .
All these packages are available via AUR , using the “ bauerbill ” tool ( or other full - resolving package tool for Arch ) .
You can find the status of all Haskell packages in Arch here , regularly updated using the archlinux Haskell package tools .
Since the GHC 6.12 upgrade , there have been some major package updates :
Most things are now ready for GHC 6.12 , with the notable exception of packages that :
depend on gtk2hs ( not yet released for GHC 6.12 )
parsec < 3 ( Arch will be downgrading to parsec 2 to be HP compliant ) .
If this bill were a step forward , we would support it .
If we believed and evidence indicated that this bill could be “ tweaked ” into something better , we would support it .
But this bill is a step backwards , a step away from single payer .
This bill further cements the privatization of health care , further enriches the industries that are the problem .
We are seeing the same scenario play out at the national level that has played out at the state level for decades .
People see the suffering because it is very real .
They are told that we must do something and that this all they can get .
So the people accept this believing it is an incremental step towards reform .
And guess what — it is not a step in the right direction .
This type of reform has failed every time .
This is why we continue to be in a health care crisis .
As this passes , the public will be told it is a solution .
They will be told to wait and see how it works when it is implemented in 2014 .
In the meantime , people will continue to suffer , go bankrupt , or die of preventable causes .
This is unacceptable .
We want health CARE reform .
Health insurance reform makes no sense .
Health insurance is very regulated but they are rich enough and clever enough to evade regulation .
We will not support health insurance reform : it is a waste of time , money , and human life .
If we want real reform , it is n’t going to be pretty .
It ca n’t be brought in through the back door or by tweaking .
We will have to take on a very powerful industry that currently owns the White House , Congress , and the media .
But work for anything less is a waste of time .
The smallest increment of change that will be effective is to change to publicly funded health care .
It is not going to be another 10 years or 50 years before we get real reform if this bill fails .
The single payer movement is growing .
We can organize and push for real reform .
But we must stand strong and united on our principles .
We must put single payer on the table .
It wo n’t happen any other way .
Dr. Margaret Flowers , a Maryland pediatrician , is Physicians for a National Health Program ‘s Congressional Fellow .
|
| Print
On the Chromium projects site , Google has quietly posted some pictures and a video of their ideas of what a future Chrome OS tablet would look like .
What ’s interesting to me is that the video shows browser windows that are treated as objects which can be readily manipulated in the screen for the best use possible depending on the site you are at .
And there is no doubt that the demo is showing that fact that you can multi-task with the tablet for a reason .
One of the biggest selling points for a Google tablet as a competitor to the iPad is the fact that you will be able to carry out more than one process at a time .
But the video only explores one concept .
The pictures indicate that Google is experimenting with several different UIs .
One is using sidebar tabs in order to navigate , another show large buttons above the Chrome tabs in addition to just a screen where you can manipulate the browser that the clip above shows .
So further development of a tablet for Chrome OS is anyone ’s guess .
Although it appears that they are trying to develop this operating system based on many different types of PCs , it ’s clear that Google is just trying to develop the best user experience that they can for a device like this .
You can get to all the tablet pictures that are on the Chromium site from here .
Enjoy !
Mary , who was renowned in France as Marie Stuart and in Scotland and England as Mary Queen of Scots , was born on December 8 , 1542 by Linlithgow Palace , Linlithgow , which is in this area 20 miles from Edinburgh , the hub city of Scotland .
Her father was sovereign James V of Scotland and her mother was the French born Mary of Guise .
Mary was the couple 's single surviving outcome .
House of the Stewart which was originally from Brittany in France had occur to take the throne of Scotland through the wedding ceremony of sovereign Robert the Bruce 's daughter Marjorie to Walter Stewart who was the 6th High Steward of Scotland .
James
V died single six days with Mary was born hence the throne was currently her dependability .
There were thumbs down males who may possibly rightfully aver to be heir and by this cycle in calculate it would be inflicted with been the imperative with the intention of one males in any case of being younger than their sister , would be the lawful ruler .
Due to Mary being a very childish outcome as she came to be Queen , Scotland was ruled ended by the regentry until Mary came of age .
From the regentry came two claims to power - lone from James Hamilton , 2nd Earl of Arran and the other from Cardinal Beaton , the Archbishop of St Andrews .
Arran was thriving and ruled until Mary 's protect succeeded him in 1554 .
Henry VIII projected in the lead the birth of Mary with the intention of England and Scotland be united through the wedding ceremony of Mary to his son Prince Edward .
Henry furthermore wished with the intention of Mary move from Scotland to England everywhere he may possibly ensure her education .
However , Cardinal Beaton rose to power some time ago again and prefered a much more pro- French alliance as France was broad .
Henry was exasperated as he wished to break one alliance with France and with the Vatican in Rome .
With the turmoil hostile to the sovereign in England , the Scottish public saught the aid of the French through sovereign Henry II , who was proposing to marry the 5 time old Mary to his own very childish son - the Dauphin Francois , who was single 3 years old .
Mary 's protect agreed to this and on the 7th of July 1548 the French Marriage Treaty was signed .
Once the wedding ceremony had taken place , Mary was stirred to the safety of the French courts everywhere she remained pro the then 13 years .
If you ’re a cheetah , that is .
Otherwise it ’s just time consuming and silly , especially if you ’re a grown man .
These incredible photos were taken by wildlife photographer Michel Denis - Huot , in Kenya ’s Masai - Mara Reserve , and show three grown male cheetah ’s playing and cuddling with a young Impala , instead of tearing it apart and eating it , like God intended .
The “ deadly ” trio were just roaming across the wilderness , when they spotted a pack of Impalas , which they decided to chase .
One little antelope was n’t fast enough and got left behind .
When the cheetahs caught up with it , they simply started playing with what supposed to be their food .
The three felines started licking the Impala , put their paws on its head , cuddling , but nothing threatening .
Sounds a lot like what a cat does to a mouse , but usually the rodent ends up being eaten .
Not in this movie .
After a playing session , the Impala ran away unharmed .
The only remotely logical explanation is that the three cheetahs were already too full and tired for another kill .
Still … AMAZING !
via Daily Mail
There are some combinations that just should never go together .
Hello Kitty x Jesus .
Hello Kitty x S&M room .
Hello Kitty x
Men ’s underwear ( I could go on and on , but I would rather not have your suicide attempt traced back to this blog ) .
Of course , Hello Kitty continually adds to this list .
Case and point — Hello Kitty x chainsaw :
While Hello Kitty fanatics may see something like this as cute ( you have to seriously feel for the lumberjack significant other that has to carry this around at work ) , for the rest of us it pretty much exemplifies what any horror movie villain ( or the evil feline herself ) would undoubtedly use to dismember victims .
In fact , The Hello Kitty Chainsaw Massacre is probably already in production and is guaranteed to be the most horrifying movie that you have ever seen .
Then again , getting dismembered by Hello Kitty wielding a Hello Kitty chainsaw probably would be less painful than actually having to live in Hello Kitty Hell …
Sent in by Shelly who really should have to spend all her free time cutting firewood with this thing ( along with a miscellaneous Hello Kitty plush now and then which “ accidentally ” gets mixed in with the wood pile ) as punishment for ever thinking that sending it to me could ever be a good idea .
Update : Apparently , this brings out the worst fears in everyone :
( via Onipepper )
( via Mysticmaster )
When you 've got thousands of the world 's most brilliant engineers spending 20 % of their time on whatever takes their fancy , you need a home for the results .
Such a home would provide a safe environment for these fledgling experiments to test their wings — even if they fail .
It would provide a playground where the geekier contingent of the general public can access ideas before those ideas are ready for public consumption .
It would be associated enough with Google to get the brand benefits , and quarantined enough so that it does n't put the core service at risk .
That playground exists at Google Labs .
And while many of the experiments from the Lab have slunk away into obscurity ( anyone remember Google X ? ) , some of the big G's most popular current offerings had their genesis there .
Google Alerts , Google Desktop , GOOG - 411 , Google Docs , Google Maps , and more , all alumni of this no-holds - barred , no - fear - of - consequences toy store .
Here are my current picks for the 10 coolest experiments in the Labs right now .
Coloridadd - generate SVG shapes representing colors
Coloridadd is a script to generate SVG shapes representing colors , using the ColorAdd code developped by Miguel Neiva .
The ColorAdd code is a monochromatic Graphical Code allowing colorblind to recognize colors .
Download the latest version
FAQ
Prerequisites
You must install python , which is available for almost every plateforms from which you would wish to generate SVG shapes .
How to use this ø$%*µ§! script ?
Specify the pigments you want to encode as options to the script .
Output the SVG representing the dark brown color on the standard ouput : ./ coloridadd --red -- blue -- yellow -- black
Output the shape encoding silver to the " silver.svg " file : ./ coloridadd -- grey -- shine -- output silver.svg
Show the help ./ coloridadd -- help Usage : coloridadd [ options ]
Options : -h , -- help show this help message and exit -r , -- red add red pigment - b , -- blue add blue pigment -y , -- yellow add yellow pigment -k , -- black add black pigment -e , -- grey add grey pigment -s , -- shine add the " shine " special pigment -o FILE , -- output=FILE write shape to FILE instead of standard output -p FILE , -- primitives=FILE use FILE as the SVG file containing primitives
How do I open the SVG ?
SVG ( Scalable Vector Graphics ) is an XML file format for two - dimensional vector graphics .
You can read SVG documents on a lot of softwares , among which most of the modern web - browsers .
See the corresponding support section on Wikipedia for a list of available softwares .
Coloridadd SVG has been tested with inkscape , which is the recommended way of viewing the shapes and exporting them to other formats .
Tell me more
Coloridadd is released under the GNU Affero General Public License version 3 .
See the sourceforge project page if you want to participate or get more informations .
Has anyone ever questioned why the Tea Party movement has no persons of color ?
NONE .
It is stuff like this that is so wrong on many levels , that idiots like Tancredo are not called out on it .
It is also stuff like this that is a total turnoff to most Americans .
And it took Meghan McCain on The View to totally go off on the Tea Party movement and Tancredo :
Home Page
This is the doorway to The Claremount , an apartment building in Manhattan .
I think that it was built in the 1890s .
Those letters over the door just reached out and grabbed me from across the street and I had a typeface coming on .
The Claremount , 229–31 East 12 St , New York .
I had been studying this style of letters on similar buildings in Washington , D.C. , and something about them always felt a little dull .
But in the Claremount letters I found life in the charming way the awkward proportions and loose spacing came together .
Screenshot of the Claremount font in FontLab .
So I set about designing a Claremount typeface .
A few hours later I had drawn what looked like an incompetent attempt to revive Eurostile .
I felt the ghost of Aldo Novarese stabbing me in the kidneys every time I looked at it .
Clearly these letters would not carry their charm from cast concrete to vectors .
Egyptian Letters from Poilkilographia ( 1812 ) by Samuel Coates , from The Nymph and the Grot p. 38
But I still saw potential in those wonky letters .
So I stuck them into a lower layer and began drawing something over them .
Inculcated with strategies absorbed in life drawing classes I prefer to draw from a model .
I did not want to revive any particular typeface , so I put aside my specimen books and looked at the images in The Nymph and the Grot , James Mosley ’s history of the early development of sans types .
Engraved by H. Moses for the book Household Furniture ( 1807 ) , from The Nymph and the Grot p. 36
The “ Egyptian Letters ” on page 36 and in fig .
28 of The Nymph and the Grot predated any sans type , much less one hundred fifty years of efforts to smooth off every rough edge of the genre .
Some of the Egyptian letters were downright weird and they oozed vitality .
These images became my model for the Armitage capitals .
I drew a matching lowercase without a model , focusing on harmony with the capitals .
Proof of an early version of Armitage .
I was tempted to release the typeface as an oddball single - weight historical design , but the alphabet just did not work — at least not in a way that suited this century .
A mix of odd terminal styles and angles were clashing in a way that looked like Franklin Gothic at war with Stephenson Blake ’s Grotesque No. 8 .
It came together as a messy whole in the way a crowd does at a punk / metalcore doubleheader .
Paul
Shaw urged me to update the design by harmonizing the terminals of C , G , S , c , g , s , and a .
Proof of Light and Black weights used to reconcile differences .
Somewhere along the way I had also lost interest in the idea of a single weight and drawn a thin version .
After it was done I harmonized the two and interpolated a regular weight , which needed a serious overhaul to fix problems caused by interpolating from extremes .
By the time I was happy with the roman masters and knew they would interpolate properly it was mid-October , and with designers wrapping up their holiday ad work it seemed like a bad time to release a new typeface .
So I started on the italics , and got through January developing the complete twelve - font family .
View Transcript
Transcript
Dogbert the CEO Dogbert says , " Employees are so important to me that our head of human resources will get a C - level title . "
Dogbert says , " Edna will be our CPO , or Chief People officer . "
Dogbert says , " Take a seat over there by the chief artificial coffee creamer officer . "
Coronavirus , unemployment increase pressure on food pantries to meet community 's needs
The USA TODAY NETWORK - Wisconsin kicks off its annual Stock the Shelves to raise money for Feeding America Eastern Wisconsin .
When it comes to the health care reform bill , perfect is the enemy of good .
But Republicans are the enemy of everything .
And on Sunday , every member of the House GOP will likely vote against the final health care reform bill that will bring coverage to 32 million more Americans , end insurance company abuses involving rescission , pre-existing conditions and lifetime caps on payments , all while slashing the federal budget deficit by $ 1.3 trillion over the next two decades .
But in saying no in that simple up - or - down vote scheduled for Sunday , Congressional Republicans are choosing to perpetuate the worsening symptoms of an American health care system already in critical condition .
Here , then , are the 10 Republican No's on health care :
The data and details behind each follows after the break .
1. No Hope for the 50 Million Uninsured
In 2007 , the U.S. Census Bureau placed the number of uninsured people in America at 45.7 million , up from 37 million since the last time Republicans successfully blocked health care reform in 1993 .
But a February 2009 analysis by the Center for American Progress found that the recession had already added four million more to the rolls of the uninsured , a group which a study by Families USA last March found included 86.7 million Americans over a two - year span .
And a July Gallup poll revealed the percentage of American adults without coverage catapulted to 16 % from 14.8 % since the start of the Bush recession in December 2007 .
All told , likely another five million people have pushed the ranks of the uninsured over 50 million .
And as the New York Times found last month in " The Cost of Doing Nothing on Health Care , " should the Democrats fail to muster the needed votes this weekend , the future is bleaker still :
While estimates vary , the number of people without insurance is expected to increase by more than a million a year , said Ron Pollack , the executive director of Families USA , a Washington consumer advocacy group that favors the Democrats ' approach .
The Urban Institute , for example , predicts that the number of uninsured individuals will increase from about 49 million today to between 57 million and 66 million by 2019 .
2. No Improvement for 25 Million More Underinsured
The crisis does n't end there .
In June 2007 , a devastating assessment from the Commonwealth Fund showed fully 25 million more Americans were " underinsured , " a staggering 60 percent jump since 2003 .
As the study showed , the number of " people who have health coverage that does not adequately protect them from high medical expenses " has skyrocketed :
As of 2007 , there were an estimated 25 million underinsured adults in the United States , up 60 percent from 2003 .
Much of this growth comes from the ranks of the middle class .
While low - income people remain vulnerable , middle - income families have been hit hardest .
For adults with incomes above 200 percent of the federal poverty level ( about $ 40,000 per year for a family ) , the underinsured rates nearly tripled since 2003 .
All in all , 75 million Americans - 42 % of the people in the United States under age 65 - have insufficient insurance or simply none at all .
3. No Halt to the Rapid Deterioration of Employer - Based Coverage
Making matters much worse is the rapid deterioration of employer - provided health insurance coverage .
A 2007 report from the Economic Policy Institute showed a dramatic decline in employer - provided health care .
That drop - off from 64.2 % of Americans covered through workplace insurance in 2000 to just 59.7 % in 2006 alone added 2.3 million more people to those without coverage .
Census data since showed workplace coverage dipped further in 2007 , down to an alarming 59.3 % .
A recent Thomson Reuters survey put the figure for 2009 at a stunning 54.6 % .
( Data from the U.S. Census revealed that it was only the expansion of government programs including SCHIP and Medicaid which offset the erosion of employer coverage in 2008 . )
And recent surveys by National Business Group on Health and the Kaiser Family Foundation found that the situation is quickly worsening .
While the NBGH sampling of 507 firms each with over 1,000 employees revealed that 56 % will hold workers responsible for a greater share of health care costs next year , the September Kaiser study was grimmer still :
Forty percent of employers surveyed said they are likely to increase the amount their workers pay out of pocket for doctor visits .
Almost as many said they are likely to raise annual deductibles and the amount workers pay for prescription drugs .
Nine percent said they plan to tighten eligibility for health benefits ; 8 percent said they plan to drop coverage entirely .
Forty - one percent of employers said they were " somewhat " or " very " likely to increase the amount employees pay in premiums -- though that would not necessarily mean employees are paying a higher percentage of the premiums .
4. No Help for the 1 in 5 Americans Already Postponing Their Medical Care
While Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell warns of a dystopian future of reform which " denies , delays , or rations health care , " de facto rationing is already today 's nightmare for millions of Americans .
An April 2009 Thomson Reuters survey of 12,000 people not only found that 20 % of Americans have postponed or delayed medical care .
That 1 in 5 figure is a staggering jump from 15.9 % in 2006 .
Other jaw - dropping numbers from that report :
In the most recent survey , 21 percent of U.S. adults expected to have difficulty paying for health insurance or healthcare services in the next three months ...
More than 54 percent who skipped care said they missed a doctor visit .
Eight percent said they delayed or skipped medical imaging of some sort .
As McClatchy reported last fall , a new Consumers Union survey revealed that due to skyrocketing costs and reductions in coverage , Americans are forced to deny themselves needed medical treatment .
Among the findings of CU 's poll of a 1,002 respondents :
In the new poll 59 percent said that the cost of their health care had increased more than their other expenses over the past two years .
Fifty - one percent said they had faced difficult health care choices in the past year .
The most common responses were putting off a doctor visit because of cost ( 28 percent ) , not being unable to afford medical bills or medication ( 25 percent ) , and putting off a medical procedure because of cost ( 22 percent ) .
Twenty - eight percent said they had lost or experienced cutbacks in their health care coverage in the past year .
The greatest concerns about health care expressed by respondents were a major financial loss or setback from medical cost due to an illness or accident ( 73 percent ) , not being able to afford health care in the future ( 73 percent ) , necessary care being denied or rationed by health insurance companies ( 73 percent ) , and the prospect of rising costs forcing them to choose between health care and other necessities ( 64 percent ) .
5. No Drop in the 62 % of Bankruptcies Due to Medical Bills
Often , among those " other necessities " is one 's home .
Given the deterioration of the employer - provided health coverage and the skyrocketing costs of out - of - pocket care , it 's no wonder , as a June 2009 study funded by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation determined , medical bills are involved in over 60 % of U.S. personal bankruptcies :
More than 75 percent of these bankrupt families had health insurance but still were overwhelmed by their medical debts , the team at Harvard Law School , Harvard Medical School and Ohio University reported in the American Journal of Medicine .
" Using a conservative definition , 62.1 percent of all bankruptcies in 2007 were medical ; 92 percent of these medical debtors had medical debts over $ 5,000 , or 10 percent of pretax family income , " the researchers wrote .
" Most medical debtors were well - educated , owned homes and had middle - class occupations . "
6. No End to Double - Digit Increases in Business Insurance Premiums
The failure of health care reform would mean there is no end in sight to the skyrocketing insurance premiums paid by businesses and individual Americans alike .
A report last year from the consulting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers forecast employers will face a 9 % increase in health insurance costs in 2010 .
42 % of those business surveyed will pass at least some the new burden on to their workers .
As PWC's Michael Thompson concluded in June :
" If the underlying costs go up by 9 % , employees ' costs actually go up by double digits , " he said , noting that will have a " major , major impact " when many employers also are freezing or cutting pay .
As the Washington Post detailed , some business groups themselves are also ringing the alarm bell .
A new report from the Business Roundtable concluded , " If current trends continue , annual health - care costs for employers will rise 166 percent over the next decade -- to $ 28,530 per employee . "
Antonio M. Perez , chief executive of Eastman Kodak and a leader of the Business Roundtable described the relentless pressure faced by employers and employees alike :
" Maintaining the status quo is simply not an option .
These costs are unsustainable and would put millions of workers at risk . "
A March report from Goldman Sachs forecast just how much risk .
Coming hot on the heels of annual premium increases as high as 39 % from Anthem Blue Cross and others , the Goldman Sachs analysis predicted insurance rates for individuals will jump by up to 50 % in some markets .
7. No Barrier to Family Premiums Doubling in 10 Years
The implications of these trends for American families are clear .
The exponential increases in the private market combined with the looming collapse of employer - based coverage could lead to a typical family health insurance policy to nearly double in cost .
Pointing to data from the actuaries at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services , the Center for American Progress warns that per capita medical costs are forecast to rise by 71 % over the next decade .
That would catapult the cost of the average family 's insurance policy from $ 13,000 a year to over $ 22,000 by 2019 .
And as the New York Times reported just weeks ago :
Even those families that enjoy generous insurance now are likely to see the cost of those benefits escalate .
The typical price of family coverage now runs about $ 13,000 a year , but premiums are expected to nearly double , to $ 24,000 , by 2020 , according to the Commonwealth Fund .
That equals nearly a quarter of the projected median family income in 2020 .
8. No Reduction of the Near - Monopoly Status in 94 % of Insurance Markets
As Ezra Klein of the Washington Post noted , the Democratic health care bill addresses one of the Republicans ' supposed key goals of enabling " insurance companies compete for your business and you can shop around for the best coverage and price . "
But as the Commonwealth Fund revealed in a report titled , " Failure to Protect : Why the Individual Insurance Market Is Not a Viable Option for Most U.S. Families , " that is a far cry from today 's actual private insurance market , one in which Americans are simply priced out :
Over the last three years , nearly three - quarters of people who tried to buy coverage in this market never actually purchased a plan , either because they could not find one that fit their needs or that they could afford , or because they were turned down due to a preexisting condition .
Behind that market failure is the rapid emergence of health insurance monopolies in most areas of the United States .
The past 13 years have seen over 400 corporate mergers involving health insurers .
As the American Medical Association found , " 94 percent of insurance markets in the United States are now highly concentrated , and insurers are thriving in the anti-competitive marketplace , raking in enormous profits and paying out huge CEO salaries . "
As I noted in 2006 :
In most states , the AMA concludes , the idea of choice among competing insurance providers is a myth .
The study showed that in each of 43 states , a small group of insurers exerts such market dominance as to merit the Justice Department " highly concentrated " market methodology for assessing potential anti-trust action .
In 166 of 294 metropolitan areas surveyed , a single insurer controls over half the preferred provider network and HMO underwriting .
In North Dakota , for example , Blue Shield owns 90 % of the market .
It 's no wonder that Jim Rohack , an AMA trustee , concluded , " This problem is widespread across the country , and it needs to be looked at . "
9. No Reversing the Dramatic Decline in Emergency Room Capacity
Mitch McConnell , George W. Bush , Tom Delay and a laundry list of other Republican leaders have pledged allegiance to the GOP 's emergency room solution to the American health care crisis .
As they put it , " no American is denied health care in America " because " you just go to an emergency room . "
As it turns out , the disturbing trends above are having a cascading effect on waiting times and treatment at American emergency rooms .
While high - profile cases of the deaths of untreated ER patients in Los Angeles and New York put a face on the crisis , a 2006 report by the Institute of Medicine revealed that U.S. emergency rooms can barely cope with the volume of patients in the best of circumstances , let alone in the wake of crises such as a terrorist attack or flu epidemic :
The study cited three contributing problems to the rise in emergency room visits : the aging of the baby boomers , the growing number of uninsured and underinsured patients , and the lack of access to primary care physicians .
The report found that 114 million people , including 30 million children , visited emergency rooms in 2003 , compared with 90 million visits a decade ago .
In that same period , the number of U.S. hospitals decreased by 703 , the number of emergency rooms decreased by 425 , and the total number of hospital beds dropped by 198,000 , mainly because of the trend toward cheaper outpatient care , according to the report .
In 2008 , a Congressional panel looked into the ability of the nation 's emergency rooms to handle a terrorist attack on the scale of the 2004 Madrid bombings which killed 177 people and injured more than 2,000 .
The results were unsettling : " None of the 34 U.S. hospitals surveyed earlier this year had the emergency space needed to handle a similar number of casualties . "
10 . No Rescue for the 45,000 Uninsured Americans Needlessly Dying Each Year
The death spiral of the American health care system - and the scorched earth tactics of the Republican Party to prevent its reform - has a body count .
Back in September , a study by Harvard Medical School found that almost 45,000 Americans die each year due to lack of health insurance .
To translate that into a metric even Tea Baggers can understand , that annual death toll exceeds the number of U.S. military personnel killed during the entire Korean War .
For its part , Families USA estimates that as many as 275,000 people will die prematurely over the next 10 years because they do not have insurance .
Even using more conservative models , the Washington Post 's Ezra Klein noted in December , the $ 940 billion Democratic health care plan could save 150,000 American lives over a 10 - year span .
Again , translated into Tea Bagese , that 's more than was lost by the United States armed forces during World War I .
11 . No Chance for Failing Red State Health Care
As it turns out , Republican obstructionism goes to 11 .
In the ultimate irony of this entire debate , health care is worst precisely those states where Republicans poll best .
The unhealthiest residents and worst health care systems can be found in those states ( especially southern states ) which most reliably back the GOP .
And if health care reform passes , it will be blue state taxpayers who will fund the improved health care for their red state brethren .
The diagnosis is n't pretty for Republicans committed to denying the health care their constituents need most of all .
A 2009 UnitedHealth Foundation analysis of 22 indicators revealed that nine of the top 10 healthiest states voted for Barack Obama in 2008 .
Conversely , 9 of the 10 cellar dwellers backed John McCain in 2008 ; four years earlier , the 15 unhealthiest states voted for George W. Bush for President .
In October , the Commonwealth Fund released its 2009 state scorecard for health care access , quality , outcomes and hospital use .
There , too , Mississippi led the Republican south in providing dismal health care .
Again , while nine of the top 10 performing states voted for Barack Obama in 2008 , four of the bottom five ( including Arkansas , Mississippi , Oklahoma and Louisiana ) and 14 of the last 20 backed John McCain .
( That at least is an improvement from the 2007 data , in which all 10 cellar dwellers had voted for George W. Bush three years earlier . )
This week , Georgia Republican Rep. Paul Broun said of the looming health care vote :
" If ObamaCare passes , that free insurance card that 's in people 's pockets is gonna be as worthless as a Confederate dollar after the War Between The States -- the Great War of Yankee Aggression . "
As the numbers show , Broun 's reaction should be , " thank you . "
( This piece also appears at Perrspectives . )
Simple & Ironclad Money Back Guarantee
If for any reason you are not 100 % satisfied with your purchase , just send it back within one week of delivery for a full refund of the cost of your merchandise .
Click here for more details on this great offer >
President Barack Obama took another dig at Las Vegas at his New Hampshire town hall Tuesday after similar remarks got him into hot water last year .
Obama said that people should not " blow a bunch of cash in Vegas " during a tough recession .
Las Vegas Mayor Oscar Goodman called for Obama to apologize after he made comparable comments last February .
ADVERTISEMENT
" When times are tough , you tighten your belts , " he said at the forum . "
You do n’t go buying a boat when you can barely pay your mortgage .
You do n’t blow a bunch of cash in Vegas when you ’re trying to save for college . "
The president targeted Las Vegas last Feburary at a town hall in Elkhart , Ind . when he was asked about corporate responsibility .
" You can't get corporate jets .
You ca n't go take that trip to Las Vegas or go down to the Super Bowl on the taxpayers ' dime , " he said .
Goodman fired back , saying " That 's outrageous .
He owes us an apology .
He owes us a retraction . "
The mayor later withdrew his apology demand but remained unhappy about the comment .
Obama will also travel to Nevada this month to campaign for Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D ) , who hails from the Silver State .
Goodman last year said that Las Vegas , which plays host to many business conferences and conventions , had suffered under the recession like many other areas of the country .
" There ’s no question that we ’re feeling the impact of it today , and as far as living in Las Vegas , this has a debilitating effect on our economy , " Goodman said .
" We can promote what we ’re famous for , but it has nothing at all to do with the fact that you can have a serious meeting here in Las Vegas , " he added .
White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs later clarified that Obama meant to target banks and other firms that received federal bailout funds .
Gibbs said that the president believes in a strong tourism industry .
Noble people of Iran ,
We do not see the need to tell you of our love for Iran and Iranians .
Anyone who has contact with the Baha ’is of Iran is without a doubt well aware of their devotion to their land and their dear compatriots .
However , as a poet put it ,
The guards of my cage broke my silence
They broke my heart filled with patience
The time to wait and hesitate has come to an end .
The pen in the hands of the oppressive rulers writes nothing but defamation , distortion of facts , and derision .
Their paper is soaked in the darkness of dogma , detestation , and despotism .
My dear compatriots , you should also present a pen and paper , because you love freedom , and you love kindness and passion .
The power of thought and heart is stronger than a thousand weapons .
We are Iranians of the Baha ’i faith .
Our desires will be reached with an Iran that is proud and Iranians that are honoured .
On the contrary , we are deprived of our minimal civil rights [ in Iran ] .
Although we do not have the right to attend universities in our country , we have not ceased to defend the dignity and honour of Iranians .
We have shown compassion to this land and its people with all our heart and soul .
Despite all the injustices we have to bear , this land is sacred and a source of pride for us .
To pursue our right to education , we went to many government organizations like the Ministry of Advanced Education , the Evaluations Office ( responsible for post - secondary examinations ) , and the Presidential Office .
[ As a response ] we were either insulted or threatened .
Conscious violations of human rights in Iran is not new .
Everyone , in some way or another , is faced with it .
Followers of the Baha ’i faith seem to have been more stripped of their human rights than others .
Baha ’is have not experienced justice , fairness , and equality in the past thirty years .
The violators of these rights did not stop at insults and defamation .
The regime has a dark record of burning Baha ’is alive ; looting and confiscating property owned by Baha ’is ; threatening , torturing , and imprisoning Baha ’is .
Despite the amount of cruelty Baha ’is have endured , they have never submitted to the injustices .
Despite all these , we cannot complain about these oppressors ; it is clear to everyone that power and wealth blind those who depend on it .
They turn exalted feelings into hatred and violence such that one does not even recognize the humanity of others , let alone respect their rights .
The Baha ’i youth who were engaged in serving their fellow citizens by helping disadvantaged children of their cities were arrested and detained for daring to assist their compatriots .
The individuals who take their grievances on their right to education to officials are affronted and intimidated .
Currently some are detained in prison .
Mercenaries who know nothing of the Baha ’i people are recruited to write whatever they want against followers of this faith to weaken their status in the society .
Not a single word they write is true , and yet when we try to clarify the facts and uncover the truth , we are hit by legal prosecution on the false premises that we have acted against national security and have insulted Islam .
As we mentioned before , we do not expect much more of them .
We are , however , disappointed at fellow citizens who listen and believe those who say whatever they want , distort the truth , defame and slander , and even break the law .
We are heartbroken at the compatriot who harasses their fellow citizen out of religious dogma , and turns the schools attended by young Baha ’i children to a place where they harass , belittle , and insult these defenseless youngsters .
We are saddened by those who accept without research and review whatever they hear without seeing the impacts of such statements .
Whatever you do , you remain our compatriot and our fellow human being , and we will not cease to love you .
It is not hatred and resentment , but love for you which remains in our hearts .
I like you my bully and oppressive fellow citizen .
We love you our oppressed and bullied compatriot .
Whether you are Muslim , Christian , or you hold another belief ; whatever your post and status , whether you are poor or rich ; whether you are fair or unjust ; whether you are educated or illiterate ; whether you are black or white ; we cordially love you .
The New Year is an excuse to renew thoughts and emotions .
Let us celebrate it , and regardless of any dogma , let ’s hold hands .
Let ’s rise with one heart and one soul , bonded by compassion and mutual respect , to serve the sacred soil of Iran .
A group of Baha ’i students deprived of education
March 18 , 2010
Source : Siavosh J. | Persian2English.com
It may only represent a smidgen of the multi-trillion dollar annual federal budget , but funding for NASA never fails to stir up debate , and that looks like it 'll be the case more than ever with the Obama administration 's just - announced 2011 budget .
While NASA 's budget will actually increase slightly to $ 19 billion , the big news is that Constellation moon program started by the Bush administration in 2006 ( with the goal of returning by 2020 ) is being shelved amid what amounts to a fairly big change in priorities for NASA .
That includes the first phase of more than $ 9 billion in spending on robotic exploration and heavy - lift rockets and , perhaps most notably , $ 6 billion in spending to promote the development of commercial rockets and spacecraft -- which NASA hopes will eventually be able to transport astronauts into orbit .
Turning around a space agency is n't exactly easy though , and it'll apparently cost $ 3 billion over two years simply to end what 's already been started on the Constellation program .
Feeling a little wistful ?
Then head on past the break for a brief history of NASA 's recent lunar ambitions .
It is sad and surprising that among the deluge of comments and letters on Greece in the European papers in the last few weeks , not one has gotten the most crucial point about the crisis .
Most commentators treat Greece ’s domestic problems and those of other southern members of the European Monetary Union ( EMU ) as if they were totally unrelated to external trade within and outside EMU .
But even the few who mentioned the huge external imbalances inside EMU and their contribution to creating an unsustainable fiscal situation have not provided the basis for a proper judgment about misdoings and wrongdoers .
The budget deficits may be a big problem but it is the external imbalances that could lead to dissolution of the EMU if strong corrective action is not taken soon .
As long as important wrongdoers are able to hide behind the flawed mainstream theory of flexible labour markets , strong political action is not on the cards .
Greece ’s current account deficit already had reached nearly 15 per cent of GDP in 2007 and has come down slightly due to falling imports in the recession .
What has gone wrong ?
Between 2000 and 2010 , Greece ’s net exports were sluggish but domestic demand rose at a healthy 2.3 per cent according to EU Commission estimates .
Real compensation to labour increased at 1.9 per cent per employee annually , a little less than productivity .
Unit labour costs , the most important measure of international competitiveness between members of a currency union , advanced with a rate of 2.8 per cent per annum and reached a level of 130 in 2010 if 2000 is 100 .
On the other hand , the biggest country in the Union , Germany , accumulated a huge current account surplus in the same period , culminating at 8 per cent in 2007 .
What has gone right ?
Between 2000 and 2010 , Germany ’s net exports exploded but domestic demand stagnated with an insignificant annual increase of 0.2 per cent .
Stagnant real compensation — at 0.4 per cent , its growth fell far behind productivity growth — explains the sluggish domestic demand since the expected employment creation did not follow from wage restraint .
Unit labour costs in Germany rose only marginally in the decade , reaching a level of 105 in 2010 .
This simply means that the production of a comparable good or service that was produced at the same cost in 2000 in all the member states of EMU and could be sold at the same price now costs 25 per cent more if it comes from Greece than if it is produced in Germany .
The difference is similar for Spain , Portugal and Italy , 13 per cent for France and 23 per cent for Ireland .
Now , some people like the President and the chief economist of the European Central Bank hold that the difference is not relevant as Germany had absolute disadvantages before the beginning of EMU , mainly due to the burden of the German unification .
However , logic says otherwise .
If your belt tightening only makes up for absolute disadvantages , you will not end up with absolute advantages .
But this exactly is the German case .
Germany is the only big country in Europe that was able to stabilize its global market share in the first decade of this century , whereas all the others lost dramatically .
That leads to the final line of German defense , namely that high unemployment has justified the German wage dumping and still does .
Wrong again , unemployment in Germany has fallen but it is still as high as in other countries as the domestic demand gap compensated the external demand overhang .
Moreover , countries seeking to repress wages for domestic reasons should not join currency unions if they are not able or willing to convince all the others to do the same .
Even worse , Germany has agreed to enter a currency union with an inflation target of close to 2 per cent and not an inflation ceiling of 2 per cent .
Given this target and the high correlation between unit labour costs and inflation , it was a clear violation of the common EMU inflation target by the German government to put enormous pressure on wage negotiations , which resulted in a unit labour cost growth of close to zero .
Greek officials are wrong if they believe that there will be a Greek solution inside the EMU and out of the slump .
If Germany continues with belt tightening , and there is every indication that it will , Greece would need to absolutely cut wages far beyond the public sector that is discussed now .
The result will be deflation and depression for Europe as a whole but no Phoenix rising from the ashes as long as correction of the overvaluation by devaluation is impossible .
But that ’s not only a Greek tragedy .
If Europe cannot agree on a concerted action with explicit decisions about wage adjustment paths for many years , indeed for decades , to rebalance its trade , all of the so - called PIIGS countries mentioned above will have to consider opting out of the EMU .
No country in the world can survive economically with all its companies facing huge absolute disadvantages against their most important trading partner .
Heiner Flassbeck is Director of the Division on Globalization and Development Strategies at UNCTAD , Geneva .
He was Deputy Finance Minister of Germany at the start of the EMU .
This article is adapted from one published by International Development Economics Associates on 12 March 2010 .
See , also , a nearly identical article he published in Le Monde , in which he writes : “ Si l ’Europe ne peut s’accorder sur une action concertée , en prenant des décisions claires sur l’évolution des salaires sur plusieurs années , voire des décennies , afin de rééquilibrer son commerce , alors tous les pays de l’Europe du Sud , dont la France , devront envisager de sortir de l’Union monétaire ” ( emphasis added , Heiner Flassbeck , “ Avis de tempête sur l ’Union monétaire européenne , ” 5 March 2010 ) ; and “ ‘ Unser Überschuss ist das Defizit der Partner ’ : BZ - INTERVIEW mit Heiner Flassbec ” ( Badische Zeitung , 13 March 2010 ) .
|
| Print
by
Gee , there ’s a real surprise , ai n’t it ?
An alarmist organisation whose sole existence is thanks to the overblown “ climate crisis ” comes up with a report that justifies its own existence and reassures everyone that the massive , unnecessary new tax will have far less of an effect on food prices than the evils of “ global warming ” .
And as usual , the ABC fails to see the conflict and publishes it all unquestioningly , and timed perfectly to coincide with the return of parliament tomorrow , undermining the Coalition ’s opposition to the ETS ( of course , the ABC is stuffed to the gills with Lefties from Kerry O’Brien down [ or is it up ? ] , so any opportunity to bolster Rudd and Labor at the expense of the other parties is welcomed with open arms ) :
A new report has found failing to tackle climate change will have a greater impact on supermarket prices than an emissions trading scheme ( ETS ) .
The report from independent [ Ha ha !
My aching sides – Ed ] think - tank the Climate Institute found extreme weather events , caused by climate change , will lead to food price rises in the future .
The report says these increases will be far greater than the 1 per cent weekly price rise , or $ 1.30 a week , expected to flow from an ETS .
It predicts extreme weather events , like drought , will become more common as the Earth ’s temperature rises .
[ Wrong , wrong , wrong , and wrong .
By the way , did I mention that ’s wrong ?
– Ed Climate Institute chief executive John Connor says tackling climate change , through an ETS , will save money in the long run .
“ What this report shows is that food prices are far more at risk from extremes in the weather and the climate , extremes that will increase with climate change , than they are with any ETS or a system which puts a price on carbon pollution , ” Mr Connor said .
And then we have the usual outright L - words :
He says climate change is already having an effect on supermarket prices .
“ Climate change is not just about warmer weather , it ’s about wilder weather , ” he said .
“ And the drought , cyclones , extreme weather events will increase over time .
[ That ’s a big fat L - word – Ed ] “ We ’ve had that experience in Australia , of course .
We ’ve had the tripling of the price of bananas from Cyclone Larry .
We ’ve had the drought raise lamb prices around 60 per cent . ” ( source )
I get tired of writing this : there is no link between “ global warming ” and increased hurricanes , floods or other extreme weather .
And there is n’t a climate scientist on the planet that would link Cyclone Larry with global warming .
But who cares about the facts ?
Certainly not the Climate Institute , which is feathering its own nest , and certainly not the ABC which will publish any old rubbish as long as it fits its pre-conceived warm - mongering agenda .
My involvement in that tournament was part of a plan , launched in 1975 , to infiltrate the criminal organizations that organized the fights .
The original idea was to participate in the Kumite tournament and make a few contacts .
We initially assumed I would lose , but eventually I became one of the best Kumite fighters to ever participate in the event .
- Frank Dux ( Martial Arts Magazine )
Questioning the Story :
Is the underground Kumite Tournament in the movie Bloodsport real ?
Frank Dux ( right , circa 1975 ) shared a similar resemblance with his onscreen counterpart Jean - Claude Van Damme ( left ) .
Frank Dux ( right , circa 1975 ) shared a similar resemblance with his onscreen counterpart Jean - Claude Van Damme ( left ) .
Bloodsport t- shirts , including the bestselling Kumite t- shirt , have helped fans celebrate the movie and the legendary tournament .
From 1975 to 1980 Frank W. Dux fought 329 matches .
He retired undefeated as the World Heavy Weight
Full Contact Kumite Champion .
Mr. Dux still holds four world records :
Fastest Knockout - 3.2 seconds
Fastest Punch with a Knockout - .12 seconds
Fastest Kick with a Knockout - 72 mph
Most Consecutive Knockouts in a Single Tournament - 56
What does the word kumite mean ?
According to the movie , the Kumite tournament is a no-holds - barred mixed martial arts competition held in secret every five years .
In the 1988 film , we see Jean - Claude Van Damme , playing Frank Dux , triumphing over a ruthless fighter named Chong Li , portrayed by a then 50 - year - old Bolo Yeung .
As stated in the November 1980 Black Belt magazine interview , titled " Kumite : A Learning Experience , " the real Frank Dux did in fact attend and win the 1975 Kumite , weighing in as a heavyweight .
His experience became the inspiration for the onscreen events in the 1988 movieBloodsport .
However , according to Frank 's accounts , " The Kumite " was held in Nassau , Bahamas in 1975 , not in Hong Kong like we see in the film .
Controversy has arisen around Dux 's own past and his stories of The Kumite .
In our own correspondence with Frank , he named numerous organizations as acknowledging the existence of The Kumite , including the USA Martial Arts Hall of Fame , The Alliance , Black Dragon Fighting Society , Shinjimatsu ( Yokohama , Japan ) , Golden Globe International Martial Arts Hall of Fame , and Imperial , among others .
Black Belt magazine 's November 1980 issue states the following , " The truth is that a full - contact kumite event is indeed held at a private location once every five years .
The event is sponsored by the International Fighting Arts Association ( I.F.A.A. ) which , although not a publicity seeking organization , is far from secret . "
( Black Belt Magazine , 1980 , p. 28 ) .
Considering that the Kumite took place nearly two decades before the emergence of the internet , coupled with the I.F.A.A.'s desire to remain out of the public eye , it is not hard to understand why an online search for the I.F.A.A. organization yields little evidence of its existence , other than a brief mention on the websiteFasstDuxRyu.com .
The website is run by one of Dux 's former students , Sky Benson , who uses the website to help promote Dux 's fighting system , FASST ™ / Dux Ryu .
In communications with Frank , he stated that the I.F.A.A. has since disbanded and that the Black Dragon Fighting Society is a " derivative affiliate " of the former organization , which was still in existence when the 1980 Black Belt magazine article was written .
This might also help to explain why an online search for the I.F.A.A. yields such a small number of results .
The Black Dragon Fighting Society ( BDFS ) is a sponsor of the Kumite in the Bloodsport movie .
It should be noted that the BDFS acknowledges Frank Dux 's championship titles and world records , which are listed on their South African website .
Frank 's records also appear at the end of the Bloodsport movie , displayed as follows : Those who believe that the Kumite was a fantastic exaggeration need only to fast - forward thirty plus years to the Mixed Martial Art cage fight genre of today , as CNBC reporter Scott Wapner points out during the segment " From Bloodsport to Blue Chip . "
Wapner explains that the Kumite essentially gave birth to today 's publicly recognized MMA .
Translation of he Japanese word kumite means " free fighting " or roughly " sparring . "
The westeren sense of the word incorporates a broader meaning that includes " sparring " in boxing and even some forms of karate , like Shotokan .
Kumite is one of the three main areas of traditional Japanese karate training , along with kata and kihon ( form and fundamentals ) .
In the movie Bloodsport , Kumite is the name given to the deadly , underground , full - contact fighting tournament to which the main character , Frank Dux ( Jean - Claude Van Damme ) , is clandestinely invited .
Other real life names used to refer to the tournament include Vale Tudo , San Soo , No Holds - Barred , etc .
How did Frank Dux get invited to the Kumite competition ?
Dux found himself entered in the International Fighting Arts Association ( I.F.A.A. ) competition because his instructor , a Japanese man named Senzo Tanaka , had participated in past events .
After performing well enough in smaller kumite matches held by the I.F.A.A. , the organization granted him an invitation to the international event .
- Black Belt Magazine , November 1980
In the movie , is Frank 's nemesis , Chong Li ( Bolo Yeung ) , based on a real life individual ?
Dux said that Bolo Yeung 's character was based on a real person .
Dux said that Bolo Yeung 's character was based on a real person .
Did the real Chong Li blind Frank Dux during their fight ?
Yes .
According to the real Frank Dux , actor Bolo Yeung 's character in the movie , Chong Li , was based on a real person .
" I understand he passed away before the film was made , " Dux said , " due to brain tumors from fighting ( like what almost killed me , in 1993 ) .
Other people say it was a car accident .
I have no way of knowing for sure . "
Yes .
Dux said that the real Chong Li openly admitted to blinding him during their fight .
However , Chong Li assured
Dux that the incident was purely accidental , regarding blurring his eyes with liniment .
" In the movie , the incident is shown as him intentionally tossing powder , but it was beads of sweat and dit dao mixed in that temporarily burned my eyes , blinding me , which is not a single unique occurrence for fighters .
Muhammad
Ali for instance shares a similar experience , " Frank said .
Does the 1980 Black Belt magazine article offer definitive proof of the Kumite and Frank Dux 's achievements ?
The now legendary Black Belt magazine article " Kumite : A Learning Experience " is prefaced with the following disclaimer .
" Although there is no convenient way to verify each and every detail connected with the story , the editors have verified enough of the basic facts to feel confident in publishing it .
But since we are not at liberty to share the corroborating evidence with the public , we acknowledge that each reader may have a different idea of what the facts permit him to believe . "
Regarding Dux , the magazine states , " Although the details of his story are impossible to check out completely , BLACK BELT has spoken with other I.F.A.A. members from the United States and abroad who have privately confirmed that the basic facts are indeed as Dux says they are . "
In 2009 , Frank Dux sent HistoryvsHollywood.com a copy of a cover letter from John Stewart , the editor of Black Belt magazine and author of its Kumite article .
Stewart 's letter , dated May 21 , 1980 , makes general statements about Frank Dux 's unique martial arts expertise and knowledge , stating , " BLACK BELT magazine has conducted a lengthy series of interviews with Mr. Dux , and it is the opinion of the editor that :
Dux is highly skilled in a number of martial arts and has mastered some extremely unusual techniques , many of which may never be seen by the general public .
Dux is a fully knowledgeable consultant on the details of such subjects as full - contact fighting , breaking objects , weapons technique , and anit - terrorism .
He has had military experience of a unique nature . "
What made Frank Dux decide to talk about the existence of the Kumite in Black Belt magazine ?
In the letter 's closing , John Stewart wrote , " While this magazine ordinarily does not act as an agency for the verification of skills or credentials , in this case we happen to know that the above statements are true . "
In Martial Arts Illustrated , the real Frank Dux answered this question by saying , " The stated purpose in doing the article is the fact I issued an open challenge encouraging others to fight in the Kumite circuit I championed as a heavyweight , in 1980 .
It is the reasons why I was " green lighted " to act as a spokesperson for the I.F.A.A. then trying to commercialize the event , with a foothold in the United States . "
Can Frank
Dux prove that he fought in a tournament called the Kumite ?
Frank Dux holding his 1975 Kumite tournament trophy .
Dux said the photo was taken in 1976 .
Frank Dux holding his 1975 Kumite tournament trophy .
Dux said the photo was taken in 1976 .
The alleged trophy receipt is a Xerox document where Frank Dux 's signature is cut and recopied from another document onto the receipt , in addition to giving the incorrect address for him .
Anyone could create this on their home copier .
The trophy inscription name is incorrectly spelled D - U - K - E - S and not D - U - X ( contrary to the correct spelling inscribed on Dux 's trophy ) .
The alleged trophy receipt is dated 1979 , which is three years after the trophy was first viewed in my possession , both on public display and in the photo that was taken of me holding the trophy ( above ) that appeared in Black Belt magazine , November 1980 .
No resemblance exists between the John Johnson photocopy of a trophy receipt and Dux 's trophy .
The Johnson receipt is for a three tiered trophy with two gold cups on and four judo figures .
The kumite trophy has a two foot pedestal base with a large engraved silver bowl as its crown , and it is not even remotely close in its size specifications and materials to the description on the alleged receipt . "
Was Dux 's instructor in the movie based on an actual person ?
Dux is shown on the left holding his 1975 Kumite tournament trophy , as inset in Black Belt magazine , November 1980 .
Yet shortly after the movie 's release in May of 1988 , writer John Johnson published an an editorial in the Los Angeles Times ' local San Fernando Valley Metro Section accusing Dux of making everything up .
The editorial is written in a format one may easily mistake for an objective article .
Johnson states that Dux's Kumite trophy did n't come from a 1975 tournament in the Bahamas , but rather it was merely ordered and picked up by Dux at a trophy shop just a few miles from his Southern California home .
Johnson 's claims contradict the facts regarding Dux 's achievements that are displayed at the beginning of the Bloodsport movie credits .
" There exists as public record eyewitness testimony and photographic evidence of my winning the Kumite made available through court proceedings , " Dux says .
This is in addition to the journalistic research undertaken by print and broadcast media outlets and the fact finding done by the legal firms of the movie studio and the publishing house behind Dux 's book .
When interviewed by Martial Arts Illustrated as part of their " Asking the Masters " series ( December & January 2008 ) , Dux tackled Johnson 's allegation that he bought his trophy , and in speaking with HistoryvsHollywood.com , he supplied a copy of the alleged receipt and responded , " One can not litigate or force a retraction of opinion .
To demonstrate how untrustworthy John Johnson is , keep the following in mind .
My trophy has been in my possession and on public display , since January 1976 .
John Johnson alleges , in 1988 , he was able to obtain the receipt for my trophy made out to me and commissioned in my name - TWELVE YEARS AFTER MY TROPHY IS IN MY POSSESSION !
The trophy shop owner , Mr. Moody , is quoted by John Johnson as saying that it was " partially " manufactured by Moody in his trophy shop , located near my home .
After the editorial , I spoke with Mr. Moody , who denied ever supplying Johnson this mysterious receipt and acknowledged he informed Johnson he was misquoted , referring to partially repairing another trophy of mine , damaged after my studio was broken into by students of a business competitor .
These perpetrators were arrested and convicted .
This is a verifiable fact , a public record .
This alleged trophy receipt was shown in a court of law to be an obvious fabrication , thus withdrawn from evidence due to these facts :
In the interview with Martial Arts Illustrated , Dux also stated that the article 's author , John Johnson , was an acquaintance of his ex-wife and that the article was written at the same time that he was embroiled in a bitter divorce .
Yes .
The Bloodsport true story reveals that Frank Dux 's instructor in the movie is a composite of two individuals , Jack Seki and Senzo Tanaka .
" Jack Seki is an extended Tanaka family member and is related to my other instructor who I met through Seki , Senzo Tanaka , " Frank said .
When asked about instructor Senzo Tanaka , Frank said that they " did not part the best of friends . "
Did Frank
Dux really meet his karate instructor after breaking into his house ?
As a boy , the real Dux never broke into his instructor 's house .
As a boy , the real Dux never broke into his instructor 's house .
Did Frank Dux have to evade U.S. Military police to fight in the Kumite ?
No .
The movie shows the Dux character as a teenager breaking into Tanaka 's house .
Tanaka ( Roy Chiao ) catches him attempting to steal a sword .
The real Frank Dux said , " My meeting my instructor by breaking into his house was the producer 's idea , which I objected to , but now in hindsight I must admit he was right to do this , given screen time limitations .
It was a clever device to help make people understand the importance of martial arts training and how its discipline played a role in putting and keeping young impressionable minds on the right path . "
No .
In the movie Bloodsport , Jean - Claude Van Damme 's character is a valuable U.S. Military Operative who tries to evade two military police agents so that he can fight in the Kumite .
Contrary to internet gossip and unsubstantiated allegations , no evidence exists of the real Frank Dux having directly claimed he worked for the CIA or military as an in - expendable agent , as depicted in the movie .
Some of the misconceptions undoubtedly come from the cover of Frank Dux 's memoir , The Secret Man : An American Warrior 's Uncensored Story .
Dux says that the publisher misrepresented him on the cover .
He alleges that he only worked as a contract agent for the CIA and was never a card - carrying member .
Recognizing the intelligence - gathering value , as a contract agent , Dux initially entertained only participating in the Kumite in order to formulate a plan to get closer to the Asian criminal element that organized the fights .
He says that he never expected to win .
Regarding his character being on the run from military agents , " The AWOL bit was the producer 's idea , " Frank said .
Did spectators really place bets on Kumite fights ?
Yes .
According to Black Belt magazine , gambling did take place at the Kumite .
Frank said that documentary video footage taken by eyewitnesses who attended the events also verifies the fact that gambling was an aspect of the Kumite .
" We rarely knew each other by our names , " Frank said of the fighters , " due to fear at any moment the doors to the room could be kicked in and we would end up jailed , with all the gambling going on . " ( Martial Arts Illustrated )
Is Dux 's friend in the movie , Ray Jackson , based on an actual person ?
Frank Dux and actor Don Gibb on the Bloodsport movie set in 1986 .
Frank Dux and actor Don Gibb on the Bloodsport movie set in 1986 .
Is Jean - Claude Van Damme 's love interest in the movie Bloodsport based on a real person ?
Yes .
The basis for Dux 's friend and fellow fighter in the movie , Ray Jackson ( Donald Gibb ) , can be traced back to two different individuals .
" The majority of the Ray Jackson characteristics are chiefly based upon Richard Robinson , " said the real Frank Dux .
Robinson , a Jujitsu black belt , went from being a biker in Venice , California , to transforming himself today into a prominent stockbroker for Montgomery Scott .
Robinson also founded The River of Life Martial Arts and Wellness Center , a million dollar facility that teaches numerous Japanese koryu martial arts in Pennsylvania .
In an earlier interview with Martial Arts Magazine , Dux said that the Ray Jackson character is also partially based on Swedish Karate Champion Kurt Peterson .
No .
In the movie , the main character becomes involved in a romantic and sexual relationship with an American journalist named Janice Kent ( Leah Ayres ) .
" As far as the love interest , she did not represent a single particular person , " Frank said , " nor would I be intimate with a woman right before a fight . "
Did Frank Dux sue Jean - Claude Van Damme over a script titled The Kumite ?
Dux battled Jean - Claude Van Damme in court in 1998 .
Dux battled Jean - Claude Van Damme in court in 1998 .
Did Frank Dux win his court case against Jean - Claude Van Damme ?
In October of 1998 , the real Frank Dux sued his former friend and the man who portrayed him in the movie Bloodsport ( 1988 ) for breach of a 1991 oral contract .
Dux , who had been dating Jean - Claude Van Damme 's sister - in - law , penned a script for a movie that focused on the Kumite tournament .
Known simply as The Kumite , the film was to utilize Jean - Claude Van Damme 's rising star power to capture a bigger budget with real world locations .
The production company behind the movie , Epic Productions , went bankrupt and the film was never made .
As a result , the $ 50,000 agreement that Frank Dux had signed with Epic Productions to pen the script also fell through .
Dux was left out in the cold while Van Damme moved on to film his 1996 hit The Quest .
In the trial , Frank Dux claimed that The Quest and The Kumite were essentially the same movie and that Van Damme had verbally promised him 2.5 percent of the The Kumite 's box office gross .
Prior to suing Van Damme , Dux had brought his case before the Writer 's Guild of America , who deemed that he deserved only a " story by " credit for The Quest .
Dux felt that he also deserved $ 50,000 for his work on The Kumite script and 2.5 percent of The Quest 's box office gross , believing that the latter was a derivative of the former .
The Dux vs. Van Damme trial was heavily covered by Court TV .
No .
Frank Dux lost his case against Van Damme .
CourtTV.com states that Van Damme 's attorney , Martin Singer , centered his closings on two witnesses who attacked the truthfulness behind Dux 's claims .
Dux ( center ) and Van Damme on the Bloodsport set during happier times , with costar Paulo Tocha .
Dux ( center ) and Van Damme on the Bloodsport set during happier times , with costar Paulo Tocha .
Did Frank
Dux set a record for breaking bulletproof glass with his bare hands ?
Dux testified before the court that Van Damme had written an outline and had made an audiotape of their supposed agreement .
However , Dux said that both items were lost when an earthquake destroyed his apartment in 1994 .
Dux 's former neighbor , Kim Owens , testified that the earthquake did not cause severe structural damage to the apartment building .
She submitted photos to prove that the building 's balconies had not crumbled as Dux had claimed .
As a result , Frank Dux 's credibility was damaged , suggesting that his written proof of the contract may not have existed at all .
The testimony of the second witness is detailed in the following question .
An independent observer to the trial , the Hollywood trade magazine Point Of View , offers up another observation and raises an eyebrow at how the trial was run .
Point of View's Jennie and Terrie Frankel write , " The judge karate kicked Dux below the belt with a series of unprecedented rulings that precluded the testimony of any rebuttal witnesses , any impeachment witnesses , and all actual eyewitnesses to the deal .
Kramer ( Dux 's attorney ) argued these witnesses were critical to his case , but to no avail .
" Dux states , " Regarding Kim Owen 's testimony , I was n't able to put before the jury any substantive rebuttal evidence , such as a FEMA engineering report detailing and condemning the structure at the time in question .
This directly contradicts Owen 's testimony .
Notably , the contractor 's invoices making the repairs that detail the reconstruction of balconies were precluded .
Her photographic evidence was n't taken by her and it could have been taken before the earthquake . "
" I recently received an inquiry via my myspace page by Jean Claude Van Damme , " Frank reveals , " asking me to please set aside our past differences in order that I might collaborate with him on doing another Bloodsport .
One thing is for certain given our last communication , we recognize we are both fighters who fought for what we believed was the truth for us , and unfortunately the people around us , who could not understand this , began a mudslinging campaign on both sides to our mutual detriment .
It was out of our control . "
Watch a video of Dux breaking the bulletproof glass .
In the 1998 Dux vs. Van Damme trial , Richard Alexander , who claimed to be Frank 's friend for over twenty years , testified against him saying that Dux 's feat of breaking bulletproof glass with a single punch was a hoax .
Alexander said that it was really Plexiglas that Dux had found .
In his testimony , Richard Alexander also described another stunt that he alleges Dux staged , whereby Dux shattered a glass bottle with his bare hand .
Alexander claimed that Dux used candied glass instead of the real thing .
Alexander stated under oath that Dux is a liar who " tries to get something for nothing . "
Court TV
Online states that Dux 's attorney , Steven Kramer , attempted to discredit Alexander by accusing him of having a grudge against his client , revealing that Alexander had attempted to steal Dux 's car .
" Court TV Online fails to report that Alexander was dismissed by the judge before my attorney Steven Kramer could even complete his cross examination , " Dux cites .
" Kramer exposed that Richard Alexander lied under oath about his real identity , that he is really Richard Shimer , a convicted felon . "
Dux provided to HistoryvsHollywood.com , a mug shot of Alexander ( aka Shimer ) .
In our communications with Dux , he stated that Alexander did not witness him breaking the bulletproof glass , " Richard Alexander ( aka Richard Shimer ) who was not a witness , is not my friend for twenty years and documents in my possession prove my relationship with him amounts to he attempted to steal my car , as was exposed in a court of law . "
It should be noted that Alexander was the only witness contesting the break , yet this testimony is repeated over the internet with no mention of the many reliable witnesses who contradicted Alexander 's testimony while under penalty of perjury .
With regard to the bulletproof glass , Dux told Martial Arts Illustrated , " In breaking the bulletproof glass it took me two attempts .
Candy or Plexiglas would obviously break on the first strike , considering I generated enough force to have cracked the glass with the bullet wad still in it and visibly bent the ¼ inch steel frame holding it backwards with my first strike , as captured by the European telecast and watched by millions . "
Dux also provided HistoryvsHollywood.com a copy of the declaration of Jose Bermudez , who testified in the 1988 Dux vs. Van Damme trial .
Bermudez is the fabricator responsible for supplying the bulletproof glass and documenting its authenticity by videotaping the glass being shot by a fully loaded 9 mm bullet .
The impact area and bullet wad in the glass is seen on the video being circled and signed by the shooter .
In trial , Bermudez further produced cancelled checks and paid invoices verifying it was indeed bulletproof glass .
Yes .
Dux performed the world record feat at the 1993 International Martial Arts Festival at Bercy Stadium in Paris in front of representatives of numerous martial art organizations taking part in the event ; an international press corps ; bushido magazine staff ; and approximately 40,000 spectators who were able to inspect the glass before and after the break .
" The pieces of bullet - proof glass were handed out to members of the press , as well , " Dux said .
The onsite doctor 's medical report substantiates glass ( not sugar - glass ) was embedded in Dux 's foot and hand for which TV camera close - ups take notice of .
In the 1998 Dux vs. Van Damme trial , Richard Alexander , who claimed to be Frank 's friend for over twenty years , testified against him saying that Dux 's feat of breaking bulletproof glass with a single punch was a hoax .
Alexander said that it was really Plexiglas that Dux had found .
In his testimony , Richard Alexander also described another stunt that he alleges Dux staged , whereby Dux shattered a glass bottle with his bare hand .
Alexander claimed that Dux used candied glass instead of the real thing .
Alexander stated under oath that Dux is a liar who " tries to get something for nothing . "
Court TV
Online states that Dux 's attorney , Steven Kramer , attempted to discredit Alexander by accusing him of having a grudge against his client , revealing that Alexander had attempted to steal Dux 's car .
" Court TV
Online fails to report that Alexander was dismissed by the judge before my attorney Steven Kramer could even complete his cross examination , " Dux cites .
" Kramer exposed that Richard Alexander lied under oath about his real identity , that he is really Richard Shimer , a convicted felon . "
Dux provided to HistoryvsHollywood.com , a mug shot of Alexander ( aka Shimer ) .
In our communications with Dux , he stated that Alexander did not witness him breaking the bulletproof glass , " Richard Alexander ( aka Richard Shimer ) who was not a witness , is not my friend for twenty years and documents in my possession prove my relationship with him amounts to he attempted to steal my car , as was exposed in a court of law . "
It should be noted that Alexander was the only witness contesting the break , yet this testimony is repeated over the internet with no mention of the many reliable witnesses who contradicted Alexander 's testimony while under penalty of perjury .
With regard to the bulletproof glass , Dux told Martial Arts Illustrated , " In breaking the bulletproof glass it took me two attempts .
Candy or Plexiglas would obviously break on the first strike , considering I generated enough force to have cracked the glass with the bullet wad still in it and visibly bent the ¼ inch steel frame holding it backwards with my first strike , as captured by the European telecast and watched by millions .
" Dux also provided HistoryvsHollywood.com a copy of the declaration of Jose Bermudez , who testified in the 1988 Dux vs. Van Damme trial .
Bermudez is the fabricator responsible for supplying the bulletproof glass and documenting its authenticity by videotaping the glass being shot by a fully loaded 9 mm bullet .
The impact area and bullet wad in the glass is seen on the video being circled and signed by the shooter .
In trial , Bermudez further produced cancelled checks and paid invoices verifying it was indeed bulletproof glass .
Did the scene really happen where Dux crushes the bottom brick in the stack ?
The real Frank Dux ( right ) performed brick breaking stunts similar to those seen in the movie ( left ) .
The real Frank Dux ( right ) performed brick breaking stunts similar to those seen in the movie ( left ) .
Did Frank train actor Jean - Claude Van Damme for his role in the movie Bloodsport ?
In the movie Bloodsport , the Dux character , portrayed by Jean - Claude Van Damme , is seen crushing the bottom brick in a stack of five bricks .
To achieve this feat , the movie says that he must be capable of executing the dim mak , or death touch .
A different , visually less extreme version of this feat was performed by the real Frank Dux on numerous TV shows and at various exhibitions .
However , instead of crushing the bottom brick in a stack of five , causing it to visibly explode , the photo on the right shows Frank breaking in half the bottom concrete slab in a stack of two concrete slabs alternated with two fragile and easily broken ceramic tiles that are left intact .
The stunt offers proof that one can hit the outside of the body leaving no noticeable harm , while damaging an essential internal organ like the heart .
Like in the movie , the strike is commonly referred to as the " death touch . "
- Martial Arts Illustrated
Frank said , " … I trained him three times a week for several months in preparation for Bloodsport , as acknowledged in the film 's credit role . "
According to Frank , Van Damme attempted to conceal this in 1998 when he was on the stand during their litigation over The Quest .
- Martial Arts Illustrated
Did the real Frank Dux nearly lose his life to a brain tumor ?
Yes .
In 1993 Frank Dux was very ill with two brain tumors ( The Artesia Daily Press , July 18 , 2008 ) .
He spoke of this experience in an interview with Martial Arts Magazine , " In 1993 , when I began writing this memoir , neither monetary gain nor fame seemed relevant at the time , as I was extremely ill , due to a brain tumor .
... Ultimately , I would become comatose due to surgical complications resulting in a spinal fluid leak that led to spinal meningitis .
When I recovered , I realized I was n't living up to that responsibility which outweighs personal gain .
What needed to be said could have died with me , so I tossed my completed first book and wrote this book [ The Secret Man ] instead , fully aware that if I lived I would be subjecting myself to criticism by envious and would be compromising my personal safety . "
Was Frank Dux really an inexpendable soldier in the U.S. Military ?
Frank Dux on graduation day in 1975 , at the Marine Corps Recruit Depot in San Diego , California .
Frank Dux on graduation day in 1975 , at the Marine Corps Recruit Depot in San Diego , California .
Was Frank Dux really a CIA Operative as his book claims ?
This is another aspect of Dux 's life that has sparked a great deal of controversy .
In 1980 , Black Belt magazine stated that Dux " compiled a distinguished military record during the Vietnam conflict . "
The magazine 's inability to elaborate on this statement and others , due to the fact that they were not at liberty to share corroborating evidence with the public , has in part led to a misrepresentation of the facts regarding Dux 's military past .
According to Dux , journalists , authors , and bloggers have continued to misconstrue the truth .
For example , researcher B.G. Burkett states that he used the Freedom of Information Act to obtain a copy of Dux's Marine Corps records , and thereby discovered that Dux served in the Marine Corps Reserves in the U.S. from 1975 to 1981 , never seeing any overseas action .
If these records are correct , it means that Dux was not even in the U.S. military during the United States efforts in Vietnam , since the U.S. left Vietnam in 1972 and the North took it over in 1975 .
" Burkett 's rational is somewhat misleading , " says Dux , " in light of the observable fact the U.S. military and intelligence services only suspended their conventional military operations in 1973 , all while clandestine , covert special operations continued , including their fronts ( i.e. Air America employing private contractors photographed evacuating the US Embassy in 1975 ) .
Such activities still remain ongoing in Southeast Asia , to this day . "
For more details , see B.G. Burkett 's 1998 book Stolen Valor : How the Vietnam Generation Was Robbed of Its Heroes and Its History and be sure to check out Frank Dux 's website where you can review The Legal Analysis and Breakdown of Stolen Valor with regards to Dux 's court case of libel and slander ( Dux vs. Soldier of Fortune magazine ) .
" The Legal Analysis and Breakdown reveals over 600 unsubstantiated allegations made by Burkett , whose book is self - published , not subjected to unbiased independent external scrutiny , unlike my book The Secret Man , " says Dux .
It appears that the main problem with Burkett 's research is that it ignores the fact that Dux never claimed to be a veteran of the Vietnam War in the first place .
" I never represented myself in my book or otherwise as a Vietnam War veteran , was in the CIA , or murdered anyone , " Dux said .
However , it 's easy to see why so many people have been led astray with regard to various facts about Dux .
For instance , the Publisher 's Weekly review of Dux 's 1996 book The Secret Man , which is no longer in print , states , " It 's hard to tell whether the author is merely posturing or expressing his fantasy life in a memoir that reads as if patterned on the early paperback Avenger series .
…
He was a contract operative for William Casey , who supposedly recruited him in a urinal after introducing himself as ' head of the f*cking CIA . '
The missions Dux recounts include killing a mass murderer and aiding the U.S.S.R. in investigating what proved to be a scam anthrax scare . "
Dux called the Publisher 's Weekly review , " over the top and deceptive . " ( Martial Arts Illustrated )
Used copies of Dux 's controversial memoir can still be found .
Used copies of Dux 's controversial memoir can still be found .
tells of his often graphically violent James Bond - like experiences as a CIA operative , who masked his covert operations under his international reputation as a martial artist .
The cover of the book refers to Dux as " the CIA 's finest covert operative . "
" To say I worked for the CIA is misleading , " Dux said in a 2008 interview with Martial Arts Illustrated .
" The publisher 's marketing director and publicist of The Secret Man made the interpretation I worked for the CIA as it appears on the book jacket , not me , " insists Dux .
" But the book jacket also points out I was given the moniker ' The Secret Man ' because I worked in anonymity , specifically , unknown to and outside the military or the CIA 's auspices to avoid compromise by intelligence oversight procedures or violation of the Boland and Logan amendments . "
Dux emphasizes that he never worked as a card carrying agent for the CIA , stating , " it is historical fact guys like me ended up working for their front companies . "
Dux describes himself as being a third generation descendant of covert operatives .
" From 1981 to 1987 , I served as a covert operative for CIA director Bill Casey , " Dux told Martial Arts Magazine .
His alleged contact in the CIA , director William Casey , passed away from a brain tumor in 1987 , almost ten years before Dux 's book was published .
William Casey was not around to either confirm or denounce Dux 's statements , or the existence of their relationship .
However , other individuals have stepped forward to help lend credence to Dux 's role as an operative .
Congressional expert witness , Iran- Contra insider , US Navy Lt. Cmdr.
Alexander Martin stated in court proceedings under penalty of perjury , " During my intelligence career , I have met with and been introduced to many covert operatives , whose existence has often been officially denied by the government agencies that these parties have been associated with .
One of these covert operatives was one Frank Dux . "
Lt. Cmdr. Martin 's declaration was entered into evidence as Exhibit # 25 in Dux 's suit of libel and slander against Soldier of Fortune magazine .
Frank has additional military related experience as noted by Kathy Kolt in her 2008 Artesia Daily article , " In 1996 , he ( Frank Dux ) was with HIDTA , High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area at the Criminal Justice Center .
He designed strategies and tactics and evaluated their existing training program .
In 1997 , he received awards from the Multi Jurisdictional Counter Drug Task Force for drug task investigations .
He also was sponsored by the Department of Defense to teach NEOA , Narcotics Enforcement Officers Association , covert activities .
He is an adjunct faculty member of the Saint Petersburg , Florida Criminal Justice Institute .
He was knighted in the Order of Saint Michael , Knight Chevalier , by the Police Hall of Fame , Miami , Florida .
He was a source contributor to the US Navy Seal SpecWar Manual . "
The Secret Man tells of his often graphically violent James Bond - like experiences as a CIA operative , who masked his covert operations under his international reputation as a martial artist .
The cover of the book refers to Dux as " the CIA 's finest covert operative . "
" To say I worked for the CIA is misleading , " Dux said in a 2008 interview with Martial Arts Illustrated .
" The publisher 's marketing director and publicist of The Secret Man made the interpretation I worked for the CIA as it appears on the book jacket , not me , " insists Dux .
" But the book jacket also points out I was given the moniker ' The Secret Man ' because I worked in anonymity , specifically , unknown to and outside the military or the CIA 's auspices to avoid compromise by intelligence oversight procedures or violation of the Boland and Logan amendments . "
Dux emphasizes that he never worked as a card carrying agent for the CIA , stating , " it is historical fact guys like me ended up working for their front companies .
" Dux describes himself as being a third generation descendant of covert operatives .
" From 1981 to 1987 , I served as a covert operative for CIA director Bill Casey , " Dux told Martial Arts Magazine .
His alleged contact in the CIA , director William Casey , passed away from a brain tumor in 1987 , almost ten years before Dux 's book was published .
William Casey was not around to either confirm or denounce Dux 's statements , or the existence of their relationship .
However , other individuals have stepped forward to help lend credence to Dux 's role as an operative .
Congressional expert witness , Iran- Contra insider , US Navy Lt. Cmdr.
Alexander Martin stated in court proceedings under penalty of perjury , " During my intelligence career , I have met with and been introduced to many covert operatives , whose existence has often been officially denied by the government agencies that these parties have been associated with .
One of these covert operatives was one Frank Dux . "
Lt. Cmdr. Martin 's declaration was entered into evidence as Exhibit # 25 in Dux 's suit of libel and slander against Soldier of Fortune magazine .
Frank has additional military related experience as noted by Kathy Kolt in her 2008 Artesia Daily article , " In 1996 , he ( Frank Dux ) was with HIDTA , High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area at the Criminal Justice Center .
He designed strategies and tactics and evaluated their existing training program .
In 1997 , he received awards from the Multi Jurisdictional Counter Drug Task Force for drug task investigations .
He also was sponsored by the Department of Defense to teach NEOA , Narcotics Enforcement Officers Association , covert activities .
He is an adjunct faculty member of the Saint Petersburg , Florida Criminal Justice Institute .
He was knighted in the Order of Saint Michael , Knight Chevalier , by the Police Hall of Fame , Miami , Florida .
He was a source contributor to the US Navy Seal SpecWar Manual . "
Why did Frank Dux decide to pull his book The Secret Man from store shelves ?
In an interview with Martial Arts Illustrated , Frank explained , " I felt compelled to take into account the sensitive nature of my book , The Secret Man , HarperCollins , 1996 given its revelations .
My strong sense of duty prompted me to pull it from my publisher and to continue to withhold its circulation to this day , in light of uncharacteristic behavior of government agencies and shadowy requests , on their behalf . "
Frank said that by writing his book he " dared to do the unthinkable and reveal ongoing corruption and war crimes being committed by persons working under the color of authority … "
Did Frank Dux sue Soldier of Fortune Magazine for attempting to smear his military past ?
Yes .
The real Frank Dux sued Soldier of Fortune Magazine for defamation of character after they praised B.G. Burkett 's book ( see above ) and published a photo of Lance Corporal Dux wearing Navy jump wings and four rows of ribbons headed by a Navy Cross , calling him a wannabe .
Dux says that he and Soldier of Fortune publisher Robert K. Brown were intending to launch similar movie projects , and that Brown wanted to discredit his competition so that his own project would succeed ( jameshom.com ) .
In his court declaration , Dux explained the photo of himself in the Marine costume by stating , " … it was snapped on my way to a fraternity costume party , when I was still in college or shortly , thereafter . "
This fact is corroborated in Dux 's complaint by the declaration of Jeff Stromph , one of several eyewitnesses who attended the party ( Dux Declaration , Dux vs. Soldier of Fortune Magazine ) .
Where can I read more about the Frank Dux controversy ?
Frank
Dux does not shy away from responding to his critics , including those individuals who he feels have slandered him or misrepresented his past , as evidenced in Frank Dux v. Robert Brown , Alexander McColl , Larry Baily and Soldier Of Fortune Magazine , Case No : BC198883 , Superior Court Of California , Los Angeles County .
" I have done everything in my power within reason to correct any misconceptions being made about me , " Frank stated in his declaration , " not only being spun by my fans but through journalists who have , innocently , made reports of my being a decorated Vietnam veteran , based upon the erroneous facts attributed to me in articles they use for their research . " ( FrankDux.net )
To learn more about the controversy regarding Frank Dux 's past , including events chronicled in his book The Secret Man , visit the controversy section of his official Dux Ryu website .
Have any other fighters claimed to have fought in the Kumite ?
Actor Bolo Yeung poses on the set with Muay Thai Champion and fellow Bloodsport star Paulo Tocha ( right ) , " Paco " in the movie .
Actor Bolo Yeung poses on the set with Muay Thai Champion and fellow Bloodsport star Paulo Tocha ( right ) , " Paco " in the movie .
Did Frank
Dux create his own martial arts fighting style ?
In addition to Frank becoming the first American to win the Kumite , a handful of other fighters have come forward with regard to participating in the event .
Perhaps the most notable is Irving Soto , who 's resume includes being an 8 - time middleweight World Kumite Champion , holding the title from 1973 - 1980 .
In an interview with Martial Arts Illustrated , Frank said that on the Bloodsport movie set , some of the crew and producers had the opportunity to hear eyewitness accounts of various unsanctioned Kumite fighting events , told by various fighters and champions who were present on the set .
This included Muay Thai Champion Paulo Tocha , who portrays the character Paco in the movie .
Frank said that Swedish Karate Champion Kurt Peterson was also present to share his Kumite stories ( Martial Arts Illustrated ) .
Yes .
Frank created Dux Ryu Ninjitsu , a practical fighting style that builds on one 's own strengths and weaknesses .
He has also developed a system that he calls FASST / Dux Ryu , which strives to teach the individual an effective approach to conflict resolution .
- FrankDux.net
Where can I find the songs from the movie and who sings them ?
The songs from the movie can be found on the Bloodsport soundtrack .
The songs from the movie can be found on the Bloodsport soundtrack .
Did the real Frank Dux come up with the movie 's title , ' Bloodsport ' ?
Most of the Bloodsport songs from the movie can be found on the Bloodsport Soundtrack .
The song in which the singers chant " Kumite " is called " Fight to Survive " by Stan Bush .
The slower soft - rock song is called " On My Own - Alone , " also sung by Stan Bush .
" My original contract with producer Mark Disalle , the fact I retain full literary rights to my story and the film title Bloodsport in literature , memorializes I was the first to use and invent the term Bloodsport regarding martial art competition , in the mid 1970's , " says Dux .
In a radio interview from On The Edge hosted by Kelly S. Worden , Frank talked about how he came up with the movie 's title years earlier when he was nineteen and fighting in a junkyard in Tijuana , " I 'm a young kid and I 'm getting really kinda nervous and I ... the one way I fight ... for me I fight my feelings of nervousness is I use a lot of humor sometimes ... and so I immediately started doing this Howard Cosell imitation and said ' Here we are '.. ya know ...' at the Red Cross '.. you know ..' blood drive ' ya know .
' Bloodsport ... where everyone 's guaranteed to give an ounce . ' .. you know [ laughs ] ... and that 's where that whole term came from .
And then we 're sitting around with Mark DiSalle he says ... he was trying to think of a name and a title for the movie and I said , ' well why do n't you just call it Bloodsport . ' "
Listen to the entire radio interview below .
Have any sequels ever been made to the movie Bloodsport ?
Daniel Bernhardt replaced Van Damme in the sequels .
Daniel Bernhardt replaced Van Damme in the sequels .
Has Frank
Dux appeared in any major motion pictures ?
Yes .
In 1996 , Bloodsport II : The Next Kumite was released direct - to - video .
The movie featured Daniel Bernhardt , Pat Morita , and Donald Gibb , who reprised his role as Ray ' Tiny ' Jackson from the first Bloodsport movie .
Jackson was the only returning character .
In the following years , Bloodsport 3 and Bloodsport 4 were released in 1997 and the latter in 1999 .
Both films featured Swiss actor and martial artist Daniel Bernhardt in the lead role .
Yes , but as a stunt coordinator and stunt player .
For example , Frank Dux appears in the 1993 film Only The Strong as the welder fighting Mark Dacascos , who climactically had a car dropped on him .
He appeared in Force Five opposite Richard Norton .
Frank
Dux states that he was trained by Stuntman Hall of Fame legends Boyd ' Red ' Morgan and Hubie Kerns , who taught motion picture fighting to Bruce Lee and became head of training for the Canadian Stuntman 's Association in the 1980's .
Apparently , the Internet Movie Database ( IMDB ) has it all wrong , as the same Frank Dux behind Bloodsport is not the same Frank Dux who appeared as the " Old Man in Car " in the 1986 cult classic Highlander , nor is he the same Frank Dux who is listed as being " Patient # 2 " in the 1986 movie Little Shop of Horrors , among other credits .
Frank Dux Radio Interview :
Radio host and martial artist Kelly S. Worden interviewed the real Frank Dux on May 1 , 2004 on his show " On the Edge " .
Over the course of the near hour - long interview that you 'll hear below , Dux attempts to answer some of the controversial questions that surround his life .
It 's worth listening to even though Worden never really presses Dux for the truth , nor does he dig deep enough into the controversy .
Listen to the Frank Dux Interview - YouTube , 56:30
Frank Dux Video and Interviews
Meet the real life Frank Dux portrayed by Jean - Claude Van Damme in the movie Bloodsport .
The Frank Dux videos below show the martial artist punching through bulletproof glass , moving with an opponent while blindfolded , and teaching a teenager who had been confined to a wheelchair .
Link - to - Learn More :
China urged the United States to immediately cancel plans for President Barack Obama to meet the Dalai Lama next week , warning that the move could further hurt ties between the two countries .
A foreign ministry spokesman , Ma Zhaoxu , issued the remarks hours after Washington announced that Obama would meet the Tibetan spiritual leader at the White House on 18 February .
China accuses the Dalai Lama of pushing for Tibetan independence , which the Dalai Lama denies , and believes that shunning the exiled Tibetan monk should be a basic principle of international relations .
Obama has been under intense pressure to meet the Dalai Lama after postponing a meeting in October .
" We urge the US side to fully understand the high sensitivity of Tibet - related issues , honor its commitment to recognising Tibet as part of China and opposing ' Tibet independence ' , " the foreign ministry said .
The US should cancel the meeting " so as not to cause further damage to Sino - US relations " .
A White House spokesman , Robert Gibbs , said Obama looked forward to an " engaging and constructive dialogue " with the Dalai Lama .
Every US president for the last two decades has met the Dalai Lama , who enjoys widespread support in the US , and those visits are considered powerful signs of the American commitment to human rights .
Obama told China 's leaders last year that he would meet with the monk .
China - US relations have been strained in recent weeks over several issues : Washington announcing a $ 6.4bn arms sale to Taiwan , the self - governing island Beijing claims as its own ; US secretary of state Hillary Rodham Clinton urging Beijing to investigate hacking attacks that led to Google 's threat to pull out of China ; and Obama vowing to get tough with China on a currency dispute .
Advertisements
As Sarah Palin basks in both the cash of , and the love from the Tea Party , a new Washington Post poll reveals that her political popularity among the nation as a whole has never been lower .
Conservative Republicans give her a 71 % approval rating and tea partiers put her at 60 % , but the nation as a whole gives her only a 37 % approval rating , and a 55 % disapproval rating .
The most striking number from the Washington Post poll was that only 17 % of all Americans surveyed said that they held a strongly favorable view of the former Alaska governor .
In contrast , 41 % of respondents strongly disapproved of her .
Palin ’s rating with Independents mirrors her overall 37 % - 55 % approval / disapproval rating .
Her favorability rating gains one point with Independents to 38 % , while her disapproval rating holds steady at 55 % .
Palin is popular with the Tea Party crowd , as she has a 60 % approval rating with them , but the Tea Party as a whole is more popular than Palin herself .
With all adults surveyed the Tea Party has a 41 % approval rating .
Although the gap is small , it is possible that Palin ’s lack of personal popularity could end up damaging the Tea Party movement in the eyes of the nation at large .
The Tea Party movement , even with its recent run of negative publicity , remains more popular than Sarah Palin .
Advertisements
Palin ’s approval ratings have remained in steady decline since October of 2008 .
Her book did n’t help .
Her gig at Fox News has not helped , and it is safe to say that a reality show on the Discovery Channel is not going to revive the flat lined national political perception of her .
America has made up its mind about Sarah Palin , and has all but closed the door on any White House ambitions that she might hold .
Even the nationally polarizing Hillary Clinton was able to have an overall approval rating around 50 % during the 2008 campaign .
By the numbers , Palin is even more polarizing than Mrs. Clinton was .
The half a term governor of Alaska is a niche brand whose appeal is limited to Republicans .
It would be a disaster for the Republican Party if Sarah Palin was their presidential nominee in 2012 .
A Palin nomination would virtually ensure not only an Obama reelection , but also an expansion of the Democratic majorities in Congress .
Never in modern American electoral history has there been a less popular politician as seriously discussed as a presidential candidate .
Palin may have no chance of winning but that might not stop the GOP from nominating her .
The first detailed search of breast cancer genomes to uncover genomic rearrangements is published December 23 .
The team characterised the ways in which the human genome is broken and put back together in 24 cases of breast cancer .
Rearrangements involve reshuffling and reorganisation of the genome and include deletions , duplications and novel juxtaposition of DNA sequences .
The study shows that breast cancer samples can differ greatly in the extent to which they are subject to genomic rearrangements : some are relatively undisturbed whereas others are fractured extensively and then reassembled with more than 200 rearrangements present .
While it is known that the majority of cancer genes important in blood cancers are activated by rearrangement , the role of this process in the common adult cancers is much less clear .
This new study builds on pioneering work from the team using next generation sequencing to characterise comprehensively rearrangements in adult solid tumours .
" We have looked at the level of the DNA sequence at just how splintered and reorganised the genome is in many breast cancers .
We were , frankly , astounded at the number and complexity of rearrangements in some cancers . " says Professor Mike Stratton of the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute .
" Just as important , the genomes were different from each other , with multiple distinctive patterns of rearrangement observed , supporting the view that breast cancer is not one , but several diseases . "
The information obtained from this study will add a new dimension to tumour classification and thus refine diagnosis and treatment .
In the study , the team used next - generation DNA sequencing to produce maps of genome rearrangements in 24 breast cancer samples , which were chosen to include the major subtypes of breast cancer and also included examples of breast cancers arising in BRCA1 and BRCA2 breast cancer families .
advertisement
One breast cancer showed just a single genomic rearrangement -- while others showed more than 200 .
The study provides detailed insights into the ways that the genome in some cancers have broken and also the processes that were used by the cancer cell in gluing the broken bits of genome back together again .
" It looks as though some breast cancers have a defect in the machinery that maintains and repairs DNA and this defect is resulting in large numbers of these abnormalities , " says Dr Andy Futreal of the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute .
" At the moment we do not know what the defect is or the abnormal gene underlying it , but we are seeing the result of its malfunction in the hideously untidy state of these genomes .
Identifying the underlying mutated cause will be central to working out how some breast cancers develop . "
The broad groups of rearrangement were associated with different subtypes of breast cancer : HER2 positive breast cancers -- those that are responsive to herceptin -- have similar patterns of disruption .
By the same measure , triple - negative breast cancers , which do n't respond to treatment with herceptin or hormones , looked similar .
The size of the DNA regions that are deleted , duplicated or removed ranges from a few hundred letters of DNA code to several millions .
Most changes were rearrangements within the same chromosome , but there were also a substantial number involving the joining of two different chromosomes .
Dissecting out the complexity and the diversity of the breast cancer genomes is important for understanding how the cancers arise .
Importantly , however , the apparent loss of DNA repair systems raises the possibility of new therapeutic opportunities in some breast cancers .
" It appears that in different subtypes of breast cancers , distinct mechanisms of DNA repair are impaired , leading to different types of genomic disorganisation , " suggests Dr Jorge Reis - Filho , team leader from the Breakthrough Breast Cancer Research Centre at The Institute of Cancer Research .
" If we damage further an already - faulty DNA repair system using tailored therapies , one can kill tumour cells selectively , without harming normal cells .
There are already some highly interesting results suggesting that breast cancers with defects in DNA repair are more sensitive to drugs that cause additional DNA damage . "
Every now and then , we like to take a break from our usual coverage of cyborg movies and dance pop to talk about something a little different .
By which I mean : every now and then it ’s one in the morning on the night before my post is due , and I ’ve spent the last two hours frantically scrambling for a topic and coming up blind .
I just have n’t consumed any particularly interesting pop culture in the last week .
Makes it kind of hard to write about the stuff .
So what did I do this past week ?
Well , I had a pretty good sandwich … yeah .
Okay , sandwiches .
Let ’s overthink this thing .
As a general rule , food requires either quality ingredients , skilled preparation , or both .
Pulled pork barbecue and chili are way up in the top left corner because , while they both take a fair amount of skill to do well , the quality of the ingredients does n’t matter at all .
Barbecue is quite literally a cooking technique developed in order to compensate for having terrible cuts of meat .
Have you ever seen an uncooked brisket ?
It ’s basically a wad of fat and gristle .
Unlocking that delicious meaty lockbox takes time , energy , and no small degree of skill .
Sashimi , on the other hand , is way out there on the lower right .
Quality of ingredients – by which I mean essentially freshness of fish – is all - important .
Not only does it determine whether it tastes good , it determines whether or not it will kill you .
But as for preparation … look , this is raw fish .
It ’s not going to get any rawer .
There is a very real sense in which it has not , actually , been prepared .
Now , this does n’t mean that the people who make it are n’t talented .
It ’s one of the most elaborately presented foods in the world , and carving fish into perfect gem - like slabs is tricky business .
And sushi — the difference , as I ’m sure you know , is that sushi is presented on a little lozenge of rice with a thin film of wasabi paste , while sashimi is just a stack of fish slabs — is basically the Japanese equivalent of a sandwich , which we ’ll be getting to later on .
But when it comes to sashimi , they are not so much chefs as sculptors whose medium is food .
The only food where preparation matters less is the apple , where the recipe consists of
1 : Open mouth
2 : Insert apple
3 : Not the whole apple , you jackass
Coffee is in the top middle .
The ingredients do matter here , some , but not nearly as much as the preparation .
It ’s very easy to take some high - end small - batch free - trade shade - grown hand - roasted Ethiopia Harrar , and turn it into something that tastes like cat piss by messing up the brewing process .
Its opposite number is breakfast cereal .
This is all but impossible to screw up : your culinary experience is determined entirely by which brand of cereal you buy … but quality of ingredients is only going to take you so far .
The most expensive cereal in the world is still going to taste like cereal , so you might be better off sticking to the Cinammon Toast Crunch , or even the Pathmark - brand knockoff thereof .
Ingredients still matter some , though … shredded wheat is pretty gross .
The lowly hotdog sits in the bottom left corner .
Now I ’m no snob : I ’ll eat hotdogs and I like them .
But I have no illusions about the kind of “ meat ” that goes into the things .
Could you create a sort of uber - hotdog , that used no fillers and only the finest grass - raised beef ?
Well you could … but it would not be a hotdog .
It would be a sausage .
The hotdog is not a distinct culinary category : it is shorthand for the cheapest sausage available , cooked in the laziest way available .
Marshmellows could go down here too .
Anything you toast on a stick over a campfire .
In the top right , on the other hand , we have eggs benedict .
To make these , you first need to make poached eggs and hollandaise sauce , and there are dozens of ways to ruin either of those .
But the quality of your english muffin , your canadian bacon , and even the egg itself is going to depend heavily on how deep your pockets are .
Which is why this foodstuff is basically never seen outside of brunch restaurants .
And finally , we have the sandwich , the origin point , the one food in which ingredients and skill are perfectly balanced .
But this is actually a radical claim .
Many people do n’t think of sandwiches as taking skill at all : you just slap some stuff between two pieces of bread and eat it , right ?
Wrong .
The atrocity at left is the “ Bacon Whoopee , ” available at the Carnegie Deli for a mere $ 22 .
As a bacon - delivery vector , this is superlative .
As a sandwich , it is completely incompetent .
A properly calibrated sandwich is all about balance .
It is an exquisitely tuned chord .
Allow any one element to overwhelm the others , and the sandwich is ruined .
Ruined !
You need to be able to taste every component .
At the Carnegie Deli , this is not going to happen .
This is also the problem with the sandwiches at Subway .
It does n’t really matter what you order at subway : they basically all taste like the bread , with a little crunchiness from the lettuce .
( This is why when I have to eat at Subway , I just get the vegetarian sub .
It tastes the same , and it ’s cheaper . )
And yet these two options – giant overpowering stack of meat ; giant , flabby , overpowering bread – seem to be the dominant paradigm in modern sandwich making .
So here , as a public service , I present Stokes Sandwich Algorithm .
I do n’t pretend that it ’s a perfect formula , but it ’s better than a hell of a lot of the stuff out there .
And I think it ’s proof that anything – even a sandwich – can be overthought .
Cheese : the trick here is that the slices should be very , very thin , and no more than two layers .
The flavor wo n’t come out right otherwise .
If you want more cheese , do n’t put the layers next to eachother .
I list cheese first because it ’s the sandwich ’s limiting factor .
You ca n’t use too much cheese , and none of the other elements can overwhelm the cheese .
Of course , if you ’re not putting cheese in your sandwich , the rest of this formula is basically useless .
Sorry about that
Meat :
About two to three times the size ( by thickness ) of your cheese layer .
Thin slices are important here too : this is the one thing that the standard deli sandwich gets right .
But it ’s not so much because of the flavor .
It ’s because a thick slice of meat is hard to bite through .
You run the risk of dragging the whole slice of meat out of the sandwich , all slimy and covered with mayonnaise , and at that point the aesthetic experience is more or less ruined .
If you ca n’t cut the slices thin , you ’ll want to cut them lengthwise as well .
( Incidentally , this is the way that chicken salad works . )
Lettuce , Tomatoes , Pickles , Cucumbers , and the like :
What exact kind of vegetables you want to use is up to you .
The combined layer , though , should be exactly the same size as the meat layer .
Obviously if you ’re using something very strongly flavored – pickles , hot peppers , raw onion – you want to use less .
One slice of cheddar , three slices of roast beef , and a single near - translucent slice of red onion makes for a very fine sandwich indeed .
Condiments : Again , less than you think .
Nothing is more revolting than taking a bite of the sandwich and winding up with a big blob of mayonnaise in your mouth , unless it ’s biting into a sandwich and having mayonnaise squirt out the sides and all over your hands .
Spread thin , using just enough to moisten the surface of both slices of bread , and let it go .
Grinding a some fresh black pepper onto the bread after you apply the condiments is often a nice touch .
Bread : must be firm enough to hold the sandwich together , must not be so coarse as to scratch the roof of your mouth .
The two slices , together , should be about the same thickness as the meat layer , or slightly thicker .
Now , this is the formula that works for me .
Your results may vary .
But use this as your starting point .
Then maybe the next time you make a sandwich , use a little more meat .
Use a little less cheese .
Use a little less mayonnaise ( but not more , because that squirting out the sides of the sandwich thing is really , really gross ) .
And once you ’ve arrived at your own platonic sandwich ideal , remember what it is .
Do it that way every time from now on .
Life is short .
And the people reading this website ( not to mention writing for it ) are wasting too much time already to waste any more eating imperfectly balanced sandwiches .
Fans of This American Life , a weekly Public Radio show hosted by Ira Glass , were thrilled to discover that a dedicated iPhone app had been released .
Developed by Public Radio Exchange , the This American Life ( TAL ) app not only gives users unfettered on - demand access to the show 's entire archives going back to 1995 , but provides the content in a user - friendly and interactive format .
Now , instead of buying those back episodes for 99¢ apiece on iTunes or getting stuck listening on the Web , you can grab those episodes anytime for a flat app cost of $ 2.99 .
We gave the TAL app a whirl — being the huge TAL fanboys and girls that we are — and found that it was definitely worth the money , despite a few of the typical annoyances that come with third - party apps .
The most obvious appeal of the app is exactly what we just mentioned : you can access any episode , all the way back to 1995 , for free at any time .
That is , assuming you have some sort of wireless connection ; you can stream the shows over 3G or WiFi all you want , but you can't download them for offline use ( like , say , when you 're about to board a plane or go underground in the subway ) unless you buy the individual shows from iTunes .
The upside is that the app gives you an easy way to do that , should you decide you loved the episode that much , but you do n't have to .
As long as you have wireless , you can stream the episode at no cost .
That 's likely to be the main reason anyone will use this app , but the extra features are just as good .
For one , you can search episodes by contributor — say you 're a fan of David Sedaris , and you know that he contributes regularly to TAL .
Just bring up the " Search by Contributor " screen , found under the " All Episodes " tab , and filter by whoever you like best .
Additionally , the All Shows tab contains clips from the TAL TV show that is broadcast on Showtime .
No , you wo n't be able to get free access to full episodes , but you will be able to watch short clips ( provided through YouTube ) from right within the app .
Should you decide you like that episode , it 's easy to buy from iTunes here as well .
Another cool tidbit is the app's countdown to the next show , which you can stream live .
Not only is there a counter right there ( for you fidgety types ) , you can also have the app set an alert for when the next show is about to air so you do n't miss a single second of Ira Glass ' soothing voice .
As usual , the downsides to this app are similar to those on any other third - party streaming app .
Since it can't run in the background , you must stay within TAL if you want to continue listening to your shows — if you decide to exit to check an e-mail or SMS , you 'll have to exit out of the stream .
This , coupled with the inability to preload streamed content for use offline , makes it slightly annoying , but it 's hardly a limitation of just this application .
The die - hard fan knows that the show , as well as public radio in general , has fallen upon hard times as the economy has taken a dive and donations have slowed .
This is one way for TAL to make up for the $ 100,000 or so it takes to provide the podcast online , and we think the $ 2.99 is worth the unfettered access to past episodes , even if we have to be online and keep the app in the foreground to listen to them .
If you 're just a casual fan , the app still offers a great value because it allows you to listen to past ( and present ) shows without committing a dollar to each download — if you listen to just three past shows , you 'll have made up the cost of the app itself .
WE SERVE COFFEE
332 W 29TH STREET NEW YORK , NY
Aviator is dedicated to perfecting the craft of coffee while building community .
Our coffee is carefully selected , then hand - roasted in our roastery in the Catskills , and finally delivered daily to our three beautiful cafes in the city .
Background image by jakeliefer
Equipped with little more than a video camera and a piece of green cardboard , Montreal filmmaker Patrick Boivin earns a comfortable living by setting up action figures on his kitchen table and moving the limbs in tiny increments to produce weirdly funny slugfests .
The creative shorts have propelled this self - taught stop-motion auteur from YouTube sensation to Hollywood hopeful in a matter of months .
In March , Boivin , 35 , heads west to pitch projects on the strength of his videogame - inspired hit “ YouTube Street Fighter , ” his funny smackdown clip “ Iron Man vs. Bruce Lee ” and his recent martial arts spoof “ Ninja ’s Unboxing , ” commissioned by Google to promote its new cellphone .
The videos have racked up millions of views on YouTube and earned Boivin entry to Hollywood ’s hit - making machine .
Essentially a one - man show , Boivin savors the do - it - yourself show biz ethos .
“ There used to be this huge process where you had to go to a company with an idea , they ’d called another company to hire a director — there was all this protocol , ” he told Wired.com in an telephone interview .
“ Now , thanks to the web , companies can contact me directly to create all this stuff .
For them it ’s cheaper , and for me it ’s a lot of money because I ’m all alone . ”
Well , not entirely .
Shorts posted on Boivin ’s YouTube channel triggered a call last year from Circle of Confusion .
The talent - management outfit is setting up meetings with movie producers for Boivin to meet with during next month ’s trip to Los Angeles .
Here ’s a look at Boivin ’s short film artistry that forced Hollywood to take notice .
“ The Future of Air Travel ”
Before he picked up a video camera , Boivin came under the influence of moody French illustrator Moebius and , at age 16 , began drawing cartoons .
Out of high school , Boivin formed the Alliage comedy troupe with eight fellow comic book fanatics .
They performed in Montreal bars .
“ We wanted to tell stupid , funny stories that were bigger than life , ” Boivin explains .
Supporting himself as a dishwasher , Bolvin bought a used VHS camera and started shooting the troupe ’s sketches .
“ We did n’t know how to do movies , but we could watch movies and knew we wanted ours to look like those .
The other guys acted and created sets and costumes .
I was director , cinematographer , editor and I did the special effects .
You do one short movie , you look at it , want it to look better so you try something else . ”
A TV show called Phylactère Cola hired the Alliage troupe to produce a series of sketches in 2002 including “ The Future of Air Travel , ” embedded above .
Made at the peak of post - 9/11 paranoia , the film draws on an absurdist point of view that characterizes most of Boivin ’s shorts .
The Phylactère comedy spots brought Boivin steady work as a TV commercial director , but he grew weary of shooting 30 - second spots a couple years ago and launched a master plan to earn wider recognition .
“ I started my YouTube channel with short movies , and they were not popular at all , ” Boivin says .
The short dramas had plenty of poetry but not a lot of punch , garnering only 200 views after six months .
So Boivin shifted course .
“ YouTube Street Fighter ”
“ I decided to do stop - motion stuff that would get me some notoriety and then I could contact toy companies about making animations with their toys for money , ” Boivin says .
Tech Specs Camera : Canon 5D MkII
Editing : Final Cut Pro and After Effects
Stop-motion software : Final Cut Pro and After Effects Dragon Stop Motion .
“ It ’s a brilliant and affordable tool developed by people who really understand your needs while animating , ” Boivin says .
Thus was born “ YouTube Street Fighter , ” embedded above .
Working with a couple of action figures based on the videogame , Boivin cleverly manipulated YouTube ’s annotation tool to create an interactive fight scenario embedded with 121 different video segments .
“ First , ” he explains , “ I moved the toys to fight together .
Then , using YouTube ’s principal of annotations , I created a clickable section of each video so you could decide what kind of move you want the character to do by pushing the buttons that drive you to another video . ”
“ You Tube Street Fighter ” blew up immediately .
“ That was my first real home run , ” Boivin recalls , adding that the video brought with it 70,000 subscribers to his YouTube channel .
“ The videos that followed got discovered faster , ” he says .
Next came Boivin ’s 1 - minute , 19 - second animated smackdown titled “ Iron Man vs. Bruce Lee , ” embedded below .
“ For that one , ” he says , “ I created the picture of the set , put the characters that I wanted to animate in front of green - screen cardboard and then animated the characters on a table in front of the cardboard as I sat in front of it . ”
“ Iron Man vs. Bruce Lee ”
Powered by a goofy disco track from Boivin ’s musician friend DJ4Joy , “ Iron Man vs. Bruce Lee ” landed Boivin an offer from Google to create a viral ad for its Nexus One cellphone .
“ They basically let me do what I wanted , so that ’s pretty cool , ” says Boivin .
“ It did n’t really feel like work . ”
To produce the 1 - minute , 37 - second clip , Boivin holed up in his Montreal living room for most of December .
Logging 12 - hour days , six days a week , he minutely moved the limbs of his figures and captured each action moment with a Canon camera .
“ Stop - motion is complicated in a way because you have to think about the movement of each different section of the body , ” Boivin says .
“ Once you do a couple of them , you start to understand how to do it so they ’re living - like . ”
“ Bboy Joker ”
A previous interactive smackdown , “ Bboy Joker ” ( embedded above ) , pitted Batman against his clown - faced nemesis .
Boivin showed off some of his stop- motion techniques in a subsequent video , “ Making of Bboy Joker ” ( below ) .
“ Making of Bboy Joker ”
Boivin shares unique cinematic tricks , like how to perform prosthetic hip surgery on a Batman figurine , in “ Making of Bboy Joker . ”
“ Love Letter ”
Boivin does n’t always hit it out of the park .
His submission for Animboom ‘s Radiohead music video contest failed to take the top prize , yet “ Love Letter , ” his animation - and - storyboard clip about a lovelorn love letter , embedded above , demonstrates a sure grasp of surreal storytelling principals .
“ Redite ”
With cash flow from Lego , Hot Toys , Google and other clients in place , Boivin is eager to move forward on feature film scripts involving time travel and post - apocalyptic war zones while the Circle of Confusion management team solicits director - for - hire assignments .
“ I would have made a good Transformers movie , ” Boivin says .
Though his live - action shorts , like the artfully shot “ Redite ” piece embedded above , failed to drum up big viral crowds , Boivin hankers to do some long - form storytelling .
Citing the brainy , dark - humored films of Paul Thomas Anderson and Wes Anderson as prime influences , Boivin says Duncan Jones ’ “ Moon was the last movie I saw that really touched me .
This is the kind of picture I would like to make :
It uses science fiction to talk about something else . ”
See Also :
A- Doctor Strange : Tulsi Gabbard , who is sorcerer who travels into alternate dimensions .
B -Batwoman : Elizabeth Warren , although a star in her own right , is linked to a larger comics franchise .
C – Mole Man : Tom Steyer , when running , operated in a subterranean world .
D – The Human Torch : Joe Biden :
His body , exuding flames , powers ahead , yelling , “ Flame on ! ”
E – Mr. Fantastic : Pete Buttigieg :
In his campaign became famous for his ability to stretch himself to attempt the unexpected .
F – Captain Marvel : Bernie Sanders , who discovers that by yelling a magic word becomes a superhero .
G - The Black Canary : Lindsey Graham , who fights other super heroes and keeps the money .
H – Ninja Turtle : Mitch McConnell , who lives in a sewer and was trained by a rat .
I- The Rocketeer : Michael Bloomberg , who flies around in a jetpack , wearing a retro costume .
J -Invisible Woman : Amy Klobuchar , who could render herself and other objects invisible .
K- Hell Boy : Donald Trump , was summoned from Hell to Earth as a baby by Nazi occultists .
L - The Shadow : Vladimir Putin , who operates in the dark , clouding minds .
About the author
( NewsTarget ) Over 95 % of the 24,000 plus FDA approved medicines have side effects .
In many instance those side effects lead to further conditions requiring still more drugs with more side effects in a never ending cycle .
Millions of serious adverse reactions are reported each year and over 140,000 deaths in hospitals and homes happen each year even when the drugs have been properly prescribed and administered .
We are told that there is always risk versus reward to be considered .
But it appears that often a great deal of the " reward " is drug company profits regardless of risks .
Such was the case when the makers of Vioxx ( Merck ) reaped billions of dollars of profit while the body count piled up even higher than all the lives we lost in the Vietnam War .
The same thing appears to be happening now with Paxil : Meanwhile , major side effects caused by natural herbs are rare and deaths almost non-existent .
Often we see the supporters of mainstream medicine refer to natural healing as " woo " and sometimes they liken belief in natural herbs as more akin to some kind of religion instead of " real science " .
Yet , true science is based on observation and mankind has observed nature to work and has used nature for healing for thousands of years .
Most of the people around the world continue to rely on such observation and history of us to make herbal and natural healing their top choices for addressing health issues .
Among those countries are several countries ranked above the U.S. ( the world`s most medicated country ) in health rankings , including two of the top three ranked countries .
Our life expectancy ranks below 40 plus other countries and is closer to that of Mexico than it is the top 10 countries .
To claim that nature , from whence life itself came , is " woo " is patently absurd .
Of course most of us would like to see scientific proof that anything we take is safe and effective , but when medical science has been sold off to the highest bidder far too often , choosing what others have observed to work time and again through the ages often appears to be a safer bet than taking the word of what medical science tells us will work and is safe .
History has taught us over and over that the science of today has but a fraction of the answers and is often overturned tomorrow .
When you combine the record of safety and effectiveness of approved drugs with the lessons of history , one might well conclude that blind belief in mainstream medicine is much more of a religion than belief in nature .
Granted , just because something is natural does not mean that it will work or even that it is safe , but the fact that something has been approved by medical science provides no assurances either .
According to Doctor Allen Roses , worldwide vice - president of genetics at GlaxoSmithKline and academic geneticist from Duke University , " The vast majority of drugs - more than 90 per cent - only work in 30 or 50 per cent of the people .
" Despite the conflicting and incomplete studies on herbs , natural remedies , vitamins and minerals , studies largely agree on one thing : a great many of our health problems can be traced to vitamin and mineral deficiencies .
On the other hand , no one ever became ill due to a deficiency in pharmaceuticals .
Sources included : The JOURNAL of the AMERICAN MEDICAL ASSOCIATION ( JAMA ) Vol 284 , No 4 , July 26th 2000 Tony Isaacs , is a natural health author , advocate and researcher who hosts
The Best Years in Life website for those who wish to avoid prescription drugs and mainstream managed illness and live longer , healthier and happier lives naturally .
Mr. Isaacs is the author of books and articles about natural health , longevity and beating cancer including " Cancer 's Natural Enemy " and is working on a major book project due to be published later this year .
He is also a contributing author for the worldwide advocacy group " S.A N.E.Vax .
Inc " which endeavors to uncover the truth about HPV vaccine dangers .
Mr. Isaacs is currently residing in scenic East Texas and frequently commutes to the even more scenic Texas hill country near Austin and San Antonio to give lectures and health seminars .
He also hosts the CureZone " Ask Tony Isaacs - featuring Luella May " forum as well as the Yahoo Health Group " Oleander Soup " and he serves as a consultant to the " Utopia Silver Supplement Company " .
Physicists at the National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) have built an enhanced version of an experimental atomic clock based on a single aluminum atom that is now the world 's most precise clock , more than twice as precise as the previous pacesetter based on a mercury atom .
The new aluminum clock would neither gain nor lose one second in about 3.7 billion years , according to measurements to be reported in Physical Review Letters . *
The new clock is the second version of NIST 's " quantum logic clock , " so called because it borrows the logical processing used for atoms storing data in experimental quantum computing , another major focus of the same NIST research group .
The second version of the logic clock offers more than twice the precision of the original .
" This paper is a milestone for atomic clocks " for a number of reasons , says NIST postdoctoral researcher James Chou , who developed most of the improvements .
In addition to demonstrating that aluminum is now a better timekeeper than mercury , the latest results confirm that optical clocks are widening their lead -- in some respects -- over the NIST - F1 cesium fountain clock , the U.S. civilian time standard , which currently keeps time to within 1 second in about 100 million years .
Because the international definition of the second ( in the International System of Units , or SI ) is based on the cesium atom , cesium remains the " ruler " for official timekeeping , and no clock can be more accurate than cesium - based standards such as NIST - F1 .
advertisement
The logic clock is based on a single aluminum ion ( electrically charged atom ) trapped by electric fields and vibrating at ultraviolet light frequencies , which are 100,000 times higher than microwave frequencies used in NIST - F1 and other similar time standards around the world .
Optical clocks thus divide time into smaller units , and could someday lead to time standards more than 100 times as accurate as today 's microwave standards .
Higher frequency is one of a variety of factors that enables improved precision and accuracy .
Aluminum is one contender for a future time standard to be selected by the international community .
NIST scientists are working on five different types of experimental optical clocks , each based on different atoms and offering its own advantages .
NIST 's construction of a second , independent version of the logic clock proves it can be replicated , making it one of the first optical clocks to achieve that distinction .
Any future time standard will need to be reproduced in many laboratories .
NIST scientists evaluated the new logic clock by probing the aluminum ion with a laser to measure the exact " resonant " frequency at which the ion jumps to a higher - energy state , carefully accounting for all possible deviations such as those caused by ion motions .
No measurement is perfect , so the clock 's precision is determined based on how closely repeated measurements can approach the atom 's exact resonant frequency .
The smaller the deviations from the true value of the resonant frequency , the higher the precision of the clock .
Physicists also evaluate the performance of new optical clocks by comparing them to older optical clocks .
In this case , NIST scientists compared their two logic clocks by using the resonant laser frequency from one clock to probe the ion in the other clock .
Fifty - six separate comparisons were made , each lasting between 15 minutes and 3 hours .
The two logic clocks exhibit virtually identical " tick " rates -- differences do n't show up until measurements are extended to 17 decimal places .
The agreement between the two aluminum clocks is more than 10 times closer than any previous two - clock comparison , with the lowest measurement uncertainty ever achieved in such an evaluation , according to the paper .
The enhanced logic clock differs from the original version in several ways .
Most importantly , it uses a different type of " partner " ion to enable more efficient operations .
Aluminum is an exceptionally stable source of clock ticks but its properties are not easily manipulated or detected with lasers .
In the new clock , a magnesium ion is used to cool the aluminum and to signal its ticks .
The original version of the clock used beryllium , a smaller and lighter ion that is a less efficient match for aluminum .
Clocks have myriad applications .
The extreme precision offered by optical clocks is already providing record measurements of possible changes in the fundamental " constants " of nature , a line of inquiry that has important implications for cosmology and tests of the laws of physics , such as Einstein 's theories of special and general relativity .
Next - generation clocks might lead to new types of gravity sensors for exploring underground natural resources and fundamental studies of the Earth .
Other possible applications may include ultra- precise autonomous navigation , such as landing planes by GPS .
While Samsung is desperate for us and the world to focus on its very first Bada device -- the Wave S8500 -- we found something a bit more interesting for Google fans .
Tucked away in the depths of a spec sheet is Samsung 's unannounced i8520 phone running Android 2.1 .
After quizzing a team of perplexed executives of increasing rank , a VP from Samsung 's mobile division finally told us that it 'll be revealed as the " Halo " tomorrow when the show floor opens .
Looking at the spec sheet then , the i8520 Halo packs a 3.7 - inch WVGA Super AMOLED display ( bigger than the Wave 's 3.3 - incher ) , 8 megapixel autofocus camera with flash ( VGA on the front ) , 720 p / 30 fps video encoding / decoding , DivX and Xvid playback support , Bluetooth 2.1 , standard 3.5 m m headphone jack , 802.11b/g/n
WiFi , A - GPS , 16GB of internal storage and microSD expansion , stereo speakers , DLNA support , and -- get this -- a DLP pico projector integrated .
The spec-sheet also lists a " Specialized Projector UI " as one of the features , suggesting it'll look a little different when you toss it up onto the big screen .
This quad - band GSM / EDGE phone with tri-band UMTS 900 / 1900 / 2100 will ship in Q3 to Europe and Asia with a chance for a US version at some point later .
We 'll bring you more tomorrow just as soon as we get through all this paella .
Even though the i8520 clearly seems to run the same UI as the Bada - powered Wave , we 've been assured by multiple people in Samsung -- including a VP in the Mobile division -- that it is , in fact , running Android 2.1 .
That ties in nicely with the fact that Bada 's graphical representation comes through as a new cut of TouchWiz , so it makes sense these guys would want to port the same look and feel to other platforms .
Also of note is the fact that we could n't confirm from the company that it's got a projector on board , but there 's plenty of evidence to suggest it does : the so - called Specialized Projector UI , the fact that the 14.9 mm girth is likely thick enough to swallow the necessary optics , and -- of course -- the big DLP logo on back .
We 'll bring out the final details just as soon as we know 'em . : Images confirm it , Halo is a projector phone !
Over the next few weeks , many municipalities and states will be trying to hash out their budgets .
It is clear that this is not going to be an easy task .
Already , the controller of Harrisburg , Pa. , the state capital perched on the Susquehanna River , is talking about declaring Chapter 9 bankruptcy , which gives communities protection from creditors while trying to work out a debt payment plan .
If the city goes ahead , it would be the first time since at least World War II that a state capital declared bankruptcy .
But for the most part , municipalities are likely to try to avoid this route .
It involves lawsuits , the loss of access to the bond markets to fund their capital projects , and allowing a bankruptcy judge to make decisions normally the province of elected officials .
Also , just the mention of the word “ bankruptcy ” by a public official sets off alarm bells for the bond - rating services .
“ It will trigger a call and questions from us , ” says Richard Raphael , group managing director for public finance at Fitch Ratings in New York .
“ The consideration of it is a serious concern . ”
Mr. Raphael does not expect defaults on bonds to be widespread , but he adds , “ There will be situations of severely distressed communities . ”
Most cities and states obtain their revenue from either property taxes or income taxes .
During good times , there is a lag in the downturn in revenues .
But during bad times , it works the other way .
For example , unemployment in some states is as high as 14 percent .
This reduces state income tax collections .
At the same time , an unemployed consumer is not spending as much money , reducing sales tax receipts .
And the federal funds from the stimulus package , which were helpful to states in balancing last year 's budgets , will be phasing out as well .
In New York , Mayor Michael Bloomberg complains regularly about the cut in state funds .
In addition , many states will continue to see income tax revenue fall this spring , as investors continue to write down losses in the stock market .
Analysts expect the market ’s downturn to hang over state finances for some time , because investors can carry the capital gains losses forward for years .
And , many communities are still experiencing a downturn in property values .
This either reduces revenues after an assessment or results in fewer home sales , which may effect transfer taxes .
“ We think many municipalities will have budget pressures that will require cutting or raising revenues , ” says Mr. Raphael .
States and communities also have a lot of assets that can potentially be sold , points out Mark McMullen , a director at Moody 's Economy.com , who follows state and local governments .
“ These are not underwater homeowners or financial service companies , ” he says .
“ They have a lot of infrastructure and land and valuable assets to cash in . ”
In Harrisburg , for example , there are news reports that Mayor Linda Thompson is trying to work out a way to sell some assets .
The controller , Daniel Miller , did not return several phone calls .
There are ramifications for the future of a community that declares bankruptcy .
“ It does adversely affect your credit rating going forward , ” says Mr. McMullen .
States need a good credit rating , because they need to borrow to finance capital projects , such as water treatment facilities , and to smooth out their income stream .
The largest example of a community declaring bankruptcy is Orange County , Calif. , which filed for Chapter 9 in 1994 .
The last community to declare bankruptcy appears to be Prichard , Ala. , which filed for Chapter 9 in October 2009 .
This was the second bankruptcy for the town , which also had sought protection from its creditors in 1999 .
The main reason it entered bankruptcy was to address debt from fighting lawsuits and to work out a way to pay retired municipal workers .
A year earlier , Vallejo , Calif. , went bust .
That city was hurt by declining real estate values after the housing bubble burst in 2007 .
Rafael says the city has used the bankruptcy to try to renegotiate some labor contracts .
“ They presented a plan in December , but it ’s not approved yet , ” he says .
In fact , even if a community felt as if it had no choice but to declare bankruptcy , it might not be able to do so .
Half of the states require a municipality to seek state permission to file .
That may not be easy to obtain .
Instead , a state may set up a control board to monitor the finances of the community .
Pennsylvania is one of the states that requires a municipality to seek permission to go bankrupt .
----
Follow us on Twitter .
Some mercenaries fight for a lost home , for revenge , for adventure .
Drake MacBain fights for coin .
No mission too dangerous , no battlefield too bloody , he 'll work for any of the warring nations of the Iron Kingdoms without moral qualm .
MacBain fights with the gritty determination of the hired professional and will let nothing stop him from the completion of his contracts .
He is the consummate mercenary and has the tools to finish any job .
3D Rotation Sorry , you need to install flash to see this content .
Great health begins with a healthy heart , and healthy hearts are strengthened by the food you eat .
We at Corazonas® HEARTBAR ™ are passionate about making sure every product tastes great and is uniquely good for your heart – that ’s why we bake every bar with a thoughtful amount of whole grain rolled oats and natural plant sterols that are clinically proven to help reduce cholesterol * .
Each bar we make is designed with you and your heart health in mind with low amounts of sodium , high amounts of fiber , antioxidant rich superfoods , and never any GMO ingredients .
Delicious food , love of life , and healthy hearts – that ’s our philosophy .
Caring for your health has never been so delicious !
* FDA HEALTH CLAIM : Foods containing at least 0.65g per serving of phytosterols , eaten twice a day with meals for a total daily intake of at least 1.3g , as part of a diet low in saturated fat and cholesterol , may reduce the risk of heart disease .
A serving of Corazonas® HEARTBAR ™ Oatmeal Squares supplies 0.8g of phytosterols .
DETROIT --
While one Detroit Red Wing 's season is ending , another 's is just beginning .
The Red Wings will have defenseman Andreas Lilja back on their roster and presumably in the lineup Monday at Colorado , their first game after the Olympic break .
But they will not have forward Kirk Maltby for at least the remainder of the regular season because he has opted to have surgery early next week on his chronically sore right shoulder .
Red Wings general manager Ken Holland said Maltby will be placed on long - term injured reserve , which solves the club 's salary - cap issues , and Lilja will officially be cleared to play before Monday , which would be his first game in one year and one day .
Lilja suffered a concussion Feb. 28 , 2009 , on a punch to the chin from Nashville 's Shea Weber .
If he can regain his pre-concussion form , he would provide a big boost in several ways .
" He brings a dimension with his size ( 6 - foot - 3 , 228 pounds ) , he 's a good shot blocker and penalty killer , " Holland said .
" I thought our penalty killing got dramatically worse last year after he got hurt . "
Lilja played four games in a conditioning stint with the American Hockey League 's Grand Rapids Griffins before the break and experienced no issues .
He has been headache - free for several weeks and said he is ready to play .
" It 's really exciting , " Lilja said .
" It 's been a long journey , but it 's a good outcome . "
All the Red Wings ' 16 non-Olympians participated in their first post - break practice Wednesday at Joe Louis Arena .
Patrick Eaves said he is ready to play after missing the past three games with a sprained left ankle .
Tomas Holmstrom , who was forced to withdraw from the Swedish Olympic team because of a bone bruise in his left knee , is ready to play , Holland said .
Maltby is not sure when he will be able to play , but estimated he will be out four to six weeks after surgery .
He hopes to return for the playoffs .
" It kind of stinks , not how you want to finish a year , but when you can't do certain things and play the way you want to play on a consistent basis , it 's something that had to be addressed , whether it was sooner or later , " Maltby said .
" I ended up playing with it all year .
Now that the club 's getting a lot healthier , it 's an easier decision to do it now .
" Hopefully , there 's no surprises when they ( operate ) , which I do n't expect there will be , and just take care of business , get it rehabbed as quick as possible , get back into game shape and hopefully be ready to help the team make a run in the playoffs . "
Maltby , 37 , said he has arthritis in the ball joint and AC joint and a couple small tears in the labrum .
Whether he is able to return for the playoffs , Maltby said he would like to play next season .
He is in the final year of his contract .
" I still feel like I can contribute , I can still play .
My legs felt great all year , " Maltby said .
" That 's something that will be addressed at the end of the year .
" ( His career ) is going to come to an end sooner or later .
Hopefully , I can plug out another year or so .
Right now , I 'm going to get the surgery and be the biggest cheerleader for the guys to make the playoffs . "
Who Can Do Something About Those Blue Boxes ?
Robert Scoble has a good analogy :
Let ’s go back a few years to when Firefox was just coming on the scene .
Remember that ?
I remember that it did n’t work with a ton of websites .
Things like banks , e-commerce sites , and others .
Why not ?
Because those sites were coded specifically for the dominant Internet Explorer back then .
Some people thought Firefox was going to fail because of these broken links .
Just like Adobe is trying to say that Apple ’s iPad is going to fail because of its own set of broken links .
But just a few years later and have you seen a site that does n’t work on Firefox ?
I have n’t .
What happened ?
Firefox FORCED developers to get on board with the standards - based web .
The same thing is happening now , based on my talks with developers : they are not including Flash in their future web plans any longer .
Regarding those blue boxes that indicate embedded Flash content in MobileSafari , think of it this way :
Who can make them go away ?
Adobe can’t .
They ca n’t put Flash Player on iPhone OS on their own .
Apple could , but they wo n’t .
Users could make Apple change its mind by refusing to buy iPhones , iPod Touches , and iPads because they do n’t support Flash .
That does not seem to be happening .
In fact , iPhone sales are accelerating .
Web site producers could do it , by replacing or providing an alternative to the Flash content on their sites .
Adobe ’s initial reaction to the iPad seems to be geared toward # 3 — emphasizing publicly that iPhone OS devices are not capable of rendering the ( admittedly , substantial amounts of )
Flash content on the web today .
Good luck with that .
Adobe ’s fear , of course , is that # 4 is what will happen .
And with good reason , since I think it ’s fair to say that we ’re seeing this happen already .
Flash evangelist Lee Brimelow made his little poster showing what a bunch of Flash - using web sites look like without Flash without actually looking to see how they render on MobileSafari .
Ends up a bunch of them , including the porno site , already have iPhone - optimized versions with no blue boxes , and video that plays just fine as straight - up H.264 .
i Phone visitors to these sites have no idea they ’re missing anything because , well , they ’re not missing anything .
For a few other of the sites Brimelow cited , like Disney and Spongebob Squarepants , there are dedicated native iPhone apps .
Kendall Helmstetter Gelner put together this version of Brimelow ’s chart using actual screenshots from MobileSafari , the App Store , and native iPhone apps .
The only two blue boxes left : FarmVille and Hulu .
The explanation is simple .
Web site producers tend to be practical .
Those that use Flash do so not because they ’re Flash proponents , but because Flash is easy and ubiquitous .
Few technologies get to 100 percent market penetration ;
Flash came remarkably close .
A few years ago you could say that , effectively , Flash was everywhere .
It made total sense for sites like YouTube and Hulu to go with Flash .
Flash is no longer ubiquitous .
There ’s a big difference between “ everywhere ” and “ almost everywhere ” .
Adobe ’s own statistics on Flash ’s market penetration claim 99 percent penetration as of last month .
That ’s because , according to their survey methodology , they ’re only counting “ PCs ” — which ignores the entire sort of devices which have brought about this debate .
Adobe is arguing that Flash is installed on 99 percent of all web browsers that support Flash , not 99 percent of all web browsers .
Used to be you could argue that Flash , whatever its merits , delivered content to the entire audience you cared about .
That ’s no longer true , and Adobe ’s Flash penetration is shrinking with each iPhone OS device Apple sells .
What ’s Hulu going to do ?
Sit there and wait ?
Whine about the blue boxes ?
Or do the practical thing and write software that delivers video to iPhone OS ?
The answer is obvious .
Hulu does n’t care about what ’s good for Adobe .
They care about what ’s good for Hulu .
Hulu is n’t a Flash site , it ’s a video site .
Developers go where the users are .
Housing is on the rocks and prices are headed lower .
That 's not the consensus view , but it 's a reasonably safe assumption .
Master illusionist Ben Bernanke managed to engineer a modest 7 - month uptick in sales , but the fairydust will wear off later this month when the Fed stops purchasing mortgage - backed securities and long - term interest rates begin to creep higher .
The objective of Bernanke 's $ 1.25 trillion program , which is called quantitative easing , was to transfer the banks " unsellable " MBS onto the Fed 's balance sheet .
Having achieved that goal , Bernanke will now have to unload those same toxic assets onto Freddie and Fannie .
( as soon as the public is no longer paying attention )
Bernanke 's cash giveaway has helped to buoy stock prices and stabilize housing , but market fundamentals are still weak .
There 's just too much inventory and too few buyers .
Now that the Fed is withdrawing its support , matters will only get worse .
Of course , that has n't stopped the folks at Bloomberg from cheerleading the nascent housing turnaround .
Here 's a clip from Monday 's column :
" The U.S. housing market is poised to withstand the removal of government and Federal Reserve stimulus programs and rebound later in the year , contributing to annual economic growth for the first time since 2006 .
Increases in jobs , credit and affordable homes will help offset the end of the Fed ’s purchases of mortgage - backed securities this month and the expiration of a federal homebuyer tax credit in April .
Sales will rise about 6 percent this year , and housing will account for 0.25 percentage point of the 3.6 percent growth , according to forecasts by Dean Maki , chief U.S. economist for Barclays Capital in New York ...
“ The underlying trend is turning positive , ” said Bruce Kasman , chief economist at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in New York . "
Just for the record ; there has been no " increases in jobs " .
It 's baloney .
Unemployment is flat at 9.7 percent with underemployment checking - in at 16.8 percent .
There 's no chance of housing rebound until payrolls increase .
Jobless people do n't buy houses .
Also , while it is true that the federal homebuyer tax credit did cause a spike in home purchases ; it 's impact has been short - lived and sales are returning to normal .
It 's generally believed that " cash for clunker - type " programs merely move demand forward and have no meaningful long - term effect .
So , it 's likely that housing prices -- particularly on the higher end -- will continue to fall until they return to their historic trend .
( probably 10 to 15 % lower )
That means more trouble for the banks which are already using all kinds of accounting flim - flam ( " mark - to - fiction " ) to conceal the wretched condition of their balance sheets .
Despite the surge in stock prices , the banks are drowning in the losses from their non performing loans and toxic assets .
And , guess what ; they still face another $ 1 trillion in Option ARMs and Alt - As that will reset by 2012 .
it 's all bad .
The Fed has signaled that it 's done all it can to help the banks .
Now it 's Treasury 's turn .
Bernanke will keep the Fed funds rate at zero for the foreseeable future , but he is not going to expand the Fed 's balance sheet anymore .
Geithner understands this and is working frantically to put together the next bailout that will reduce mortgage - principal for underwater homeowners .
But it 's a thorny problem because many of the borrowers have second liens which could amount to as much as $ 477 billion .
That means that if the Treasury 's mortgage - principal reduction plan is enacted ; it could wipe out the banks .
Here 's an excerpt from an article in the Financial Times which explains it all :
" A group of investors in mortgage - backed bonds dubbed the Mortgage Investors Coalition ( MIC ) recently submitted to Congress a plan to overhaul the refinancing of underwater borrowers by writing down the principal balances of both first and second mortgages .
The confederation of insurers , asset managers and hedge funds hope to break a logjam between Washington DC and the four megabanks with the most exposure to writedowns on second lien mortgages , including home equity lines of credit .
The private sector initiative coincides with House Financial Services Committee Chairman Barney Frank ’s open letter dated 4 March to the CEOs of the banks in question – Bank of America , Citigroup , JP Morgan Chase and Wells Fargo – urging them to start forgiving principal on the second lien loans they hold .
But the banks are unlikely to take action until they get new accounting guidance from regulators that would ease the impact of such significant principal reductions on their capitalization ratios . "
( Ed. --" Accounting guidance " ?
Either the banks are holding out for a bigger bailout or they 're looking for looser accounting standards to conceal their losses from their shareholders .
Either way , it 's clear that they 're trying to hammer out the best deal possible for themselves regardless of the cost to the taxpayer . )
Financial Times again : " The four banks in question collectively own more than USD 400bn of the USD 1trn in second lien mortgages outstanding .
BofA holds USD 149bn , Citi holds USD 54bn , JP Morgan holds USD 101bn and Wells Fargo holds USD 115bn , according to fourth quarter 2009 10Q filings with the Securities & Exchange Commission .
As proposed , the MIC ’s plan entails haircuts to the first and second lien loans to reduce underwater borrowers ’ loan to value ratios to 96.5 % of current real estate market prices , according to two sources close .
For the program to work , HAMP would place principal balance forgiveness first in the modification waterfall .
The associated second lien would take a principal balance reduction but remain intact through the process - ultimately to be re-subordinated to the first lien , the sources close said .
A systemic program to modify second lien mortgages called 2MP does exist but Treasury has stalled on implementation because the banks that hold them ca n’t afford it , six buyside investors said .
The sources all said implementation of the program , called 2MP , would result in “ catastrophic ” losses for the nation ’s four largest banks , which collectively hold more than USD 400bn of the USD 1trn in second lien mortgages outstanding . "
( " Mortgage investors push for banks to write down second liens " , Allison Pyburn , Financial Times )
Hold on a minute !
Did n't Geithner just run bank " stress tests " last year to prove that the banks could withstand losses on second liens ?
Yes , he did .
And the banks passed with flying colors .
So , why are the banks whining now about the potential for " catastrophic " losses if the plan goes forward ?
Either they were lying then or they 're lying now ; which is it ?
Of course they were lying .
Just like that sniveling sycophant Geithner is lying .
According to the Times the banks hold $ 400 billion in second lien mortgages .
But -- as Mike Konczal points out -- the stress tests projected maximum losses at just " $ 68 billion .
In other words , Geithner rigged the tests so the banks would pass .
Now the banks want it both ways :
They want people to think that they are solvent enough to pass a basic stress test , but they want to be given another huge chunk of public money to cover their second liens .
They want it all , and Geithner 's trying to give it to them .
Wanker .
And do n't believe the gibberish from Treasury that " they have no plan for mortgage principal reductions " .
According to the Times :
“ Treasury continues to tell investors that any day now they will be out with a final program and they will be signed up " ....
“ The party line continues to be they are a week away , two weeks away , ” the hedge fund source said . ”
So , it 's not a question of " if " there will be another bank bailout , but " how big " that bailout will be .
The banks clearly expect the taxpayer to foot the entire bill regardless of who was responsible for the losses .
So , let 's summarize :
1-- Bank bailout # 1--$ 700 billion TARP which allowed the banks to continue operations after the repo and secondary markets froze - over from the putrid loans the banks were peddling .
2--Bank bailout # 2--$ 1.25 trillion Quantitative Easing program which transferred banks toxic assets onto Fed 's balance sheet ( soon to be dumped on Fannie and Freddie ) while rewarding the perpetrators of the biggest financial crackup in history .
3 -- Bank bailout # 3 --$ 1 trillion to cover all mortgage cramdowns , second liens , as well as any future liabilities including gym fees , energy drinks , double - tall nonfat mocha's , parking meters etc. ad infinitum .
And as far as the banks taking " haircuts " ?
Forget about it !
Banks do n't take " haircuts " .
It looks bad on their quarterly reports and cuts into their bonuses .
Taxpayers take haircuts , not banksters .
Besides , that 's what Geithner gets paid for -- to make sure bigshot tycoons do n't have to pay for their mistakes or bother with the niggling details of fleecing the little people .
The next big bailout is on the way .
Prepare to get reamed !
_______
plantman
About author Mike Whitney lives in Washington state .
He is a contributor to Mike Whitney lives in Washington state .
He is a contributor to Kindle edition .
He can be reached at fergiewhitney@msn.com
By Jody Bourton
Earth News reporter
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Extraordinary footage of a rarely seen giant deep sea fish has been captured by scientists .
Using a remotely operated vehicle , they caught a rare glimpse of the huge oarfish , perhaps the first sighting of the fish in its natural setting .
The oarfish , which can reach 17 m long , has previously only been seen on a few occasions dying at the sea surface , or dead washed ashore .
The scientists also filmed for the first time the behaviour of a manefish .
We saw this bright vertical shiny thing .
We zoomed in a little bit and said ' that 's a fish !'
Professor Mark Benfield
Louisiana State University , Baton Rouge , US
Mark Benfield from Louisiana State University , Baton Rouge , US was undertaking a survey as part of the Serpent project , a collaboration between marine scientists and energy companies such as BP , Shell , Chevron and Petrobras working in the Gulf of Mexico .
Using remotely operated vehicles ( ROV ) provided by the oil and gas companies , the scientists are able to explore the deep like never before .
During one of these surveys , the scientists glimpsed a giant oarfish .
Sea serpent Oarfish ( Regalecus glesne ) are one of the world 's longest fish reaching 17 m .
Their strange appearance may have provided the basis for the sea serpent myths told by early ocean travellers .
Not only are they elongated , they also have a prominent dorsal fin which gives it an unusual " serpent " appearance .
Recalling the event Professor Benfield explained how at first , they thought the fish was simply a drilling pipe called a riser being lowered into the water .
" We saw this bright vertical shiny thing , I said ' are they lowering more riser ? ' as it looked like they were lowering a huge pipe . "
" We zoomed in a little bit and we said ' that 's not a riser that 's a fish ! ' "
CREATURES OF THE DEEP
In the deep sea live some of the most bizarre and highly adapted creatures on the planet
Meet the remarkable creatures of the deep ' Deepest ever ' living fish filmed Three - foot nemertean worms and carnivorous sea stars prowl the Antarctic in search of flesh " As we approached it retreated downwards swimming tail first in a vertical orientation as the ROV followed , " Professor Benfield explained .
The team followed the fish for about five minutes before breaking off contact to resume their surveys .
" What was interesting about the fish was its swimming behaviour , " said Professor Benfield .
" It moved by undulating its dorsal fin in waves that propelled it backwards at quite a good speed . "
Early estimates measure the fish at between 5 m and 10 m in length .
Filmed alive Professor Benfield said this may be the first time the oarfish has been filmed alive swimming in the so - called mesopelagic layer of the ocean .
Usually , they are seen dying at the sea surface or washed up dead .
The fish may have been caught on camera at a depth of 765 m at another Serpent survey site , off western Africa in 2007 , but a positive identification has not yet been made from that video .
On this occasion the fish was observed underneath Thunderhorse in the Gulf of Mexico , one of the largest semi-submersible oil rigs in the world .
The Serpent project run by the National Oceanography Centre , Southampton ( NOCS ) is a unique collaborative project between scientists and industry .
Oil and gas companies allow scientists access to their deep sea technologies and infrastructure in a bid to aid their research .
" ( It ) provides a wonderful opportunity to learn more about life in the depths of the Gulf of Mexico .
That we found an oarfish while doing so was a fantastic bonus , " said Professor Benfield .
The oarfish was not the only new discovery the team has made .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
On another ROV survey in the Gulf of Mexico , the team came across the deep sea manefish ( Paracaristius sp . ) .
They report this sighting in the journal Copeia .
This observation enabled the scientists to get a rare insight into the behaviour of the fish in its natural environment .
That gave them a further understanding of how it lives and what it looks like .
" When you see manefish collected in trawls they are incredibly beat up , they do n't look like much of a fish at all , " said Professor Benfield .
" So to actually see this fish in its natural habitat with its fins beautifully splayed out almost as a parachute , we get an idea that it 's a really good swimmer . "
Manefish are thought to steal food from or feed on a jellyfish - like animal called a siphonophore .
This may explain why the fish needs to swim so accurately .
" This fish has very precise control over its orientation and position , so if you are in very close proximity to an animal with tentacles that could potentially damage you , you want to able to really precisely control your locomotion . "
Professor Benfield is excited by the potential for further discoveries and revelations from the deep that the Serpent project may bring .
" It 's all very exciting , my vision for the Gulf Serpent Project is to establish a Gulf - wide deep sea biological observation system , with hundreds of ROV - equipped ships and rigs in the deep Gulf . "
" ( We can ) get a good idea of what species are present , where they are present , and what are they doing . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Endophenotypes , measurable components unseen by the unaided eye along the pathway between disease and distal genotype , have emerged as an important concept in the study of complex neuropsychiatric diseases .
An endophenotype may be neurophysiological , biochemical , endocrinological , neuroanatomical , cognitive , or neuropsychological ( including configured self - report data ) in nature .
Endophenotypes represent simpler clues to genetic underpinnings than the disease syndrome itself , promoting the view that psychiatric diagnoses can be decomposed or deconstructed , which can result in more straightforward — and successful — genetic analysis .
However , to be most useful , endophenotypes for psychiatric disorders must meet certain criteria , including association with a candidate gene or gene region , heritability that is inferred from relative risk for the disorder in relatives , and disease association parameters .
In addition to furthering genetic analysis , endophenotypes can clarify classification and diagnosis and foster the development of animal models .
The authors discuss the etymology and strategy behind the use of endophenotypes in neuropsychiatric research and , more generally , in research on other diseases with complex genetics .
As we celebrate the 50th anniversary of Nobelists Watson , Crick , and Wilkin ’s discovery ( with Franklin ) of the structure of DNA — and its offspring , the complete sequencing of the human genome — it is salutary to contemplate the relative youthfulness of the field of human genetics .
The term “ genetics ” was provided by William Bateson in 1902 ( the Wright brothers ’ first flight was in 1903 ) .
In 1909 , the clarifying distinction we now take for granted between the concept of “ genotype ” and the concept of “ phenotype ” was provided by the Danish botanist Wilhelm Johanssen .
He also introduced the word “ gene . ”
His research on self - fertilized lines of beans revealed that quantitative variability in the phenotype confounded thinking about separable contributions of heredity and environment .
He found that the phenotype is often an imperfect indicator of the genotype , that the same genotype may give rise to a wide range of phenotypes , and that the same phenotype may have arisen from different genotypes .
Specific evidence for multifactorial ( genetic and nongenetic ) contributions to a continuous phenotype was provided about the same time by H. Nilsson - Ehle on the basis of observations of seed colors in crosses of oats and wheat .
However , the term “ polygene ” was not available until K. Mather coined it in 1941 .
Exact citations for these historical references , often in German , are provided in the classic text by A.H. Sturtevant ( 1 ) .
Genotypes , which can be measured with techniques of molecular biology such as polymerase chain reaction ( PCR ) and DNA sequencing , are often useful as probabilistic prognosticators of disease .
In contrast , a phenotype represents observable characteristics of an organism , which are the joint product of both genotypic and environmental influences .
In diseases with classic or Mendelian genetics as their distal causes , genotypes are usually indicative of phenotypes .
However , this degree of genetic certainty does not exist for diseases with complex genetics ( 2 –4 ) .
Genetic probabilism aptly describes the process by which a particular genotype gives rise to phenotype ( 5 , 6 ) .
Epigenetic factors may also be of critical importance for modifying the development of phenotypes ( 7 ) , and such modifications may be influenced by genotype or environment or be entirely stochastic in origin ( 8 ) .
Thus , models of complex genetic disorders predict a ballet choreographed interactively over time among genotype , environment , and epigenetic factors , which gives rise to a particular phenotype ( 9 –12 ) .
Despite the successful characterization of the nucleotide base - pair order that represents the human genome ( 13 , 14 ) , and although a legion of genetic linkage and association studies have been done , psychiatry has had little success in definitively identifying “ culprit ” genes or gene regions in the development of diseases categorized by using the field ’s diagnostic classification schemas ( 15 –18 ) .
The reason there is so much difficulty is undoubtedly — in part — that psychiatry ’s classification systems describe heterogeneous disorders ( 19 –22 ) .
In addition to the inherent complexity of psychiatric diseases , which have multifactorial and polygenic origins , the brain is the most complex of all organs .
In organs such as the liver , all cells are nearly identical in their phenotypes and very similar in their transcriptomes ( mRNA transcripts ) and proteomes .
In addition to the homogeneity in the structure of such cells , their interactions are mostly homogeneous .
However , individual cells of the brain are quite different from each other in their transcriptomes , proteomes , and morphological phenotypes and also in the thousands of connections and interactions with other neurons and glia that are critically important to optimal functioning .
Different cellular experiences are transduced to differences on the biochemical and epigenetic levels so that cellular memories regulated by protein modification , morphometric changes , and epigenetic influences make the brain unique among organs .
Furthermore , the brain is subject to complex interactions not just among genes , proteins , cells , and circuits of cells but also between individuals and their changing experiences ( 23 ) .
Therefore , the phenotypic output from the brain , i.e. , behavior , is not simply a sum of all its parts .
It stands to reason that more optimally reduced measures of neuropsychiatric functioning should be more useful than behavioral “ macros ” in studies pursuing the biological and genetic components of psychiatric disorders .
The Endophenotype Concept in Psychiatry
The theory that genes and environment combine to confer susceptibility to the development of diseases surfaced in the early half of the last century , but the use of such a framework for exploring the etiology of schizophrenia and other psychiatric disorders is more recent .
Douglas Falconer ’s 1965 multifactorial threshold model for diabetes and other common , non-Mendelizing diseases was adapted to a polygenic model of schizophrenia in 1967 ( 24 ) .
About this time , it became clear that the classification of psychiatric diseases on the basis of overt phenotypes ( syndromic behaviors ) might not be optimal for genetic dissection of these diseases , which have complex genetic underpinnings .
In their writings summarizing genetic theories in schizophrenia 30 years ago , Gottesman and Shields ( 25 , 26 ) described “ endophenotypes ” as internal phenotypes discoverable by a “ biochemical test or microscopic examination . ”
The term was adapted from a 1966 paper by John and Lewis ( 27 ) , who had used it to explain concepts in evolution and insect biology .
They wrote that the geographical distribution of grasshoppers was a function of some feature not apparent in their “ exophenotypes ” ; this feature was “ the endophenotype , not the obvious and external but the microscopic and internal . ”
That felicitous term seemed to suit the needs of psychiatric genetics , and the concept of endophenotype was adapted for filling the gap between available descriptors and between the gene and the elusive disease processes .
The identification of endophenotypes , which do not depend on what was obvious to the unaided eye , could help to resolve questions about etiological models .
The rationale for the use of endophenotypes in exploring disease processes is illustrated in Figure 1 .
This rationale held that if the phenotypes associated with a disorder are very specialized and represent relatively straightforward and putatively more elementary phenomena ( as opposed to behavioral macros ) , the number of genes required to produce variations in these traits may be fewer than those involved in producing a psychiatric diagnostic entity .
Endophenotypes provided a means for identifying the “ downstream ” traits or facets of clinical phenotypes , as well as the “ upstream ” consequences of genes and , in principle , could assist in the identification of aberrant genes in the hypothesized polygenic systems conferring vulnerabilities to disorders .
That is , the intervening variables or hypothetical constructs that were championed as useful for theorizing about behaviors ( 35 ) — and that could mark the path between the genotype and the behavior of interest ( Figure 2 ) — might Mendelize in a predicted manner .
Despite the inherent advantages of the concept of endophenotype , the term and its promise lay dormant for a number of years .
However , now that multiple genetic linkage and association studies using current classification systems and the development of practical animal models , have all fallen short of success , the term and its usefulness have reemerged .
( A MEDLINE search for the years 2000 through 2002 found 62 entries for “ endophenotype , ” compared with 16 entries before 2000 . )
Endophenotypes are being seen as a viable and perhaps necessary mechanism for overcoming the barriers to progress ( 28 , 51 –58 ) .
The methods available for endophenotype analysis have advanced considerably since 1972 ; our current armamentarium includes neurophysiological , biochemical , endocrinological , neuroanatomical , cognitive , and neuropsychological ( including configured self - report data ) measures ( 29 ) .
Advanced tools of neuroimaging such as functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) , morphometric MRI , diffusion tensor imaging , single photon emission computed tomography ( SPECT ) , and positron emission tomography ( PET ) promise to expand the possibilities even more ( 30 , 59 –61 ) .
Other terms with patently synonymous meaning , such as “ intermediate phenotype , ” “ biological marker , ” “ subclinical trait , ” and “ vulnerability marker , ” have been used interchangeably .
These terms may not necessarily reflect genetic underpinnings but may rather reflect associated findings ( see the discussion in the next section ) .
In this context , we use the term “ biological marker ” to signify differences that do not have genetic underpinnings and “ endophenotype ” when certain heritability indicators are fulfilled .
Endophenotypes in Genetic Analysis
An endophenotype - based approach has the potential to assist in the genetic dissection of psychiatric diseases .
Endophenotypes would ideally have monogenic roots ; however , it is likely that many would have polygenic bases themselves .
Furthermore , the use of endophenotypes in genetic research must be tempered by the realization that without controls and limits , their usefulness may be obscured .
For example , putative endophenotypes do not necessarily reflect genetic effects .
Indeed , these biological markers may be environmental , epigenetic , or multifactorial in origin .
Criteria useful for the identification of markers in psychiatric genetics have been suggested ( 62 ) and have been adapted here to apply to endophenotypes :
1 . The endophenotype is associated with illness in the population .
2 . The endophenotype is heritable .
3 . The endophenotype is primarily state - independent ( manifests in an individual whether or not illness is active ) .
4. Within families , endophenotype and illness co-segregate .
Subsequently , an additional criterion that may be useful for identifying endophenotypes of diseases that display complex inheritance patterns was suggested ( 29 ) :
5 . The endophenotype found in affected family members is found in nonaffected family members at a higher rate than in the general population .
Other fields of medicine have had some success in using endophenotypes to assist with genetic linkage studies .
For instance , the multiple genes that cause long QT syndrome were identified by using an endophenotype - based method ( 63 , 64 ) .
Manifestations of long QT syndrome include syncope , ventricle arrhythmias , and sudden death ( 63 ) .
Although not all family members who carry the disease genes show these symptoms , a much greater percentage have QT elongation as measured by ECG .
By using QT elongation as a phenotype — and excluding or including pedigree members with this finding — linkage studies were successful in identifying the genes that cause the QT elongation endophenotype and thus the syndrome phenotypes of syncope , ventricle arrhythmias , and sudden death ( 64 , 65 ) .
The identification of these genes has allowed for genetic manipulations in mice to study disease pathology and to further the development of novel medications ( 66 ) .
Other examples in the literature of endophenotype - based strategies for identifying genetic linkage include studies of idiopathic hemochromatosis ( excessive serum iron ) ( 67 ) , juvenile myoclonic epilepsy ( an EEG abnormality ) ( 68 ) , and familial adenomatous polyposis coli ( intestinal polyps ) ( 69 ) .
In other disorders with complex genetics such as diabetes , hypercholesterolemia , or hypertension , researchers use physiological challenges , biochemical assays , and physiological measures to obtain a primary index of disease pathology .
Indeed , these syndromes may all present to the physician as fatigue , but the pathophysiological underpinnings are substantially different .
The glucose tolerance test , measurements of serum cholesterol levels , and sphygmomanometer measurements all represent objective , quantifiable methods for making disease diagnosis and classification .
In addition to being crucial in diagnosis and classification of these diseases , the phenomena measured by these methods constitute endophenotypes that represent the primary inclusion / exclusion feature by which “ hits ” for genetic linkage and association studies are defined .
In psychiatry , a number of attempts have been made to develop and determine the feasibility of candidate endophenotypes .
However , few have met all the criteria listed earlier .
Nonetheless , some linkage and association studies — using endophenotypes — have had moderate success .
Candidate endophenotypes have also been used in the development of animal models and to subtype patients for classification and diagnostic reasons ( see the discussion in later sections ) .
The hunt for candidate endophenotypes has been described in the literature on several psychiatric disorders , including schizophrenia ( 30 , 31–33 , 39 , 70 –73 ) , mood disorders ( 28 , 55 , 74 , 75 ) , Alzheimer ’s disease ( 76 , 77 ) , attention deficit hyperactivity disorder ( 54 , 78 , 79 ) , and even personality disorders ( 80 ) .
We give a brief description of some possibilities in schizophrenia research as salient examples .
The interested reader is referred to the references just cited for more in - depth discussions .
Sensory Motor Gating and Eye- Tracking Dysfunction in Schizophrenia
Deficits in sensory motor gating are consistent neuropsychological findings in schizophrenia ( 33 , 39 ) .
The hypothesized association between these deficits and schizophrenia has face validity primarily on the basis of patients ’ reports that they have difficulty filtering information from multiple sources ( 33 , 81–83 ) .
On the level of neurobiology , the inhibitory mechanisms of patients with schizophrenia may not be capable of adequately adjusting to the multiple distinct or repetitive inputs that occur in everyday life .
Neuropsychological tests , including assessments of P50 suppression and prepulse inhibition of the startle response , have been developed to discern efficiencies in these capabilities .
Both tasks have been studied in schizophrenic patients , and abnormalities consistent with defects in inhibitory neuronal circuits have been found .
In tests of prepulse inhibition , startling sensory stimuli ( loud noise , bright light ) are used to elicit an unconditional reflexive startle response in individuals .
If a weaker prestimulus is provided before the startling stimulus , the subsequent startle response is generally diminished .
A relatively reproducible finding is that this dimunition of the second response is attenuated in patients with schizophrenia , compared to healthy subjects ( 39 , 84 , 85 ) .
Prepulse inhibition is a generally conserved finding among vertebrates , and as such it has been the target of several rodent studies ( reviewed in reference 86 ) , both to model a facet of schizophrenia and to investigate the biology of a prepulse inhibition response .
The presence of this candidate endophenotype has been documented in relatives of patients with schizophrenia ( 87 ) , but more extensive testing is required .
Genetic studies in inbred animals have suggested at least a partial genetic diathesis ( 86 ) ; however , environmental influences may also be active ( 88 , 89 ) .
Abnormal prepulse inhibition is not specific to schizophrenia ; studies have identified this abnormality in obsessive - compulsive disorder ( 90 ) and Huntington ’s disease ( 91 ) , among others .
However , the reproducibility of the finding in schizophrenia , the fact that abnormal prepulse inhibition parallels a putative central abnormality in the disease , and the fact that prepulse inhibition is a conserved phenomenon among vertebrates make abnormal prepulse inhibition a promising candidate endophenotype to pursue .
The P50 suppression test uses two auditory stimuli presented at 500 - msec intervals .
A positive event - related response for both stimuli is measured by EEG .
In normal individuals , the neuronal response to the second stimulus is of lower amplitude than the first .
However , patients with schizophrenia do not show the same degree of suppression of P50 amplitude ( 33 , 92–95 ) .
In addition to this finding in probands , abnormal P50 suppression is found in unaffected first - degree relatives of patients with schizophrenia ( 95–99 ) .
The heritability of this measure has been assessed in twins , and the results have suggested that genetics plays a role in the development of variation in this candidate endophenotype ( 100 , 101 ) .
Freedman and colleagues ( 102 ) also used P50 suppression to identify a potential susceptibility locus for schizophrenia on chromosome 15 , a chromosomal region where the gene for the α7 nicotinic acetylcholine receptor resides .
Furthermore , this group of researchers has shown linkage disequilibrium in this region ( 103 ) and has shown that promoter variants of the α7 receptor are associated with schizophrenia and / or P50 suppression abnormalities ( 104 ) .
Eye - tracking dysfunction has long been associated with schizophrenia .
This dysfunction was first described in 1908 by Diefendorf and Dodge ( 105 ) , whose work was rediscovered in the 1970s , initially by Holzman and colleagues ( 106 , 107 ) .
Eye movements are generally of two forms , either saccadic ( brief and extremely rapid movements ) or smooth and controlled .
The latter “ smooth pursuit ” eye movements occur only when the subject is following an object moving at a constant velocity , most commonly a pendulum ( in early studies ) or bright dot on a computer monitor .
Initiation and maintenance of smooth pursuit eye movements involve integration of functions of the prefrontal cortex frontal eye fields , visual and vestibular circuitry , thalamus , and cerebellum , as well as the muscles and neural circuitry directly responsible for eye movement ( 108 ) .
A number of studies have found that patients with schizophrenia have deficiencies in smooth pursuit eye movements , compared to healthy subjects ( see references 41 – 43 for review ) .
In general , these deficiencies are manifested as corrective saccades , which follow smooth pursuit eye movements that are slightly slower than the target ( reviewed in reference 42 , where more detailed descriptions of specific abnormalities are available ) .
Furthermore , the heritability of these deficiencies has been extensively addressed ; studies have suggested that biological relatives of schizophrenic subjects have an increased rate of smooth pursuit eye movement dysfunction .
Thus , 40 % –80 % of schizophrenic subjects , 25 % –45 % of their first - degree relatives , and less than 10 % of healthy comparison subjects generally show this trait ( 41–43 ) .
A study requiring replication has suggested linkage to a region of chromosome 6 ( 109 ) .
Correlating smooth pursuit function with neuroimaging measures ( 110 ) or performance on working memory tasks ( 111 , 112 ) may be a useful research strategy .
Smooth pursuit eye movements are maintained in primates but not in most other mammals used in preclinical research ( 108 ) .
Working Memory in Schizophrenia
Working memory and executive cognition are compromised in patients with schizophrenia ( 44 ) .
A primary brain region involved in working memory is the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex ( 31 , 45 , 113 ) , a region in which abnormalities have been found in postmortem studies of schizophrenic patients ( 114 ) .
Family ( 115 , 116 ) , and twin studies ( 117 , 118 ) have suggested heritability of working memory deficits in schizophrenia .
Recent studies have identified gene and chromosomal regions possibly involved in working memory .
A study of Finnish twins by Gasperoni and colleagues ( 53 ) , which used an endophenotype - based strategy , suggested linkage and association to a region of chromosome 1 .
In their study , dizygotic twins discordant for schizophrenia underwent four neuropsychological tests .
Using the sum of performance scores on these tests , Gasperoni and colleagues identified significant linkage to 1q41 , a region previously suggested in traditional linkage studies of schizophrenia ( 119 –122 ) .
By stratifying their data according to performance on each neuropsychological test , they found that visual working memory performance was highly significantly linked with this region ( p=0.007 ) , while performance on none of the other three neuropsychological tests was significantly associated with any 1q markers .
In the second part of their study , Gasperoni and colleagues ( 53 ) completed an association analysis involving monozygotic discordant twins , unaffected dizygotic and monozygotic twins , and the dizygotic twin group from the linkage study .
In this analysis , an association of the 1q41 region and performance on the visual working memory task was again identified .
The facts that previous linkage studies have identified this region and that performance on working memory tasks is a reproducible endophenotype for schizophrenia strengthen the claim that this endophenotype — and the putative gene(s ) at 1q41 linked to it — may be relevant to the pathophysiology of schizophrenia .
The study requires replication in a larger group of subjects representing a nonisolate population .
Association and physiological evidence have also linked a specific enzyme with a small increased risk for developing schizophrenia and with poorer performance on a working memory task .
The enzyme catechol O- methyltransferase ( COMT ) , the gene for which is found at 22q11.2 , assists in the catabolism of dopamine .
This chromosomal region has been linked to both schizophrenia and bipolar disorder and overlaps with a deletion that has been associated with velocardiofacial syndrome ( DiGeorge syndrome ) and schizophrenia ( see reference 16 for review ) .
A functional polymorphism ( val108/158 met ) for COMT results in a fourfold increase in the activity of this enzyme .
The considerable body of evidence implicating dopaminergic neurotransmission , the presence of a common functional polymorphism , and the data suggesting the involvement of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in schizophrenia and working memory led to association studies of COMT ( 31 ) .
While their effect sizes are small , a number of family studies have found that the valine allele is transmitted at a higher rate than the methionine allele to patients with schizophrenia than to their nonaffected siblings ( reviewed in reference 31 ) .
This polymorphism has also been linked to performance on a working memory task .
Specifically , Egan et al. ( 123 ) associated poorer performance on a working memory task in patients , their siblings , and comparison subjects with the same valine allele variation of COMT found to be transmitted at a higher rate in schizophrenia .
They used fMRI to measure dorsolateral prefrontal cortex activation in a subset of these individuals ; the fMRI fingerprint from individuals with the valine allele suggested that activation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex is less efficient in those subjects ( 123 ) .
Additional studies from two independent laboratories have also suggested that patients with schizophrenia show this inefficiency ( 124–126 ) .
Callicott and colleagues ( 127 ) have recently shown that the fMRI response in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex observed in schizophrenic subjects is also found in unaffected siblings of patients with schizophrenia .
Although they found no group differences between the siblings of schizophrenic patients and the comparison group in overall working memory performance , fMRI measurement showed that the sibling group had less efficient dorsolateral prefrontal cortex functioning than the comparison group .
Taken together , these results suggest that fMRI analysis of subjects undergoing working memory tasks may be a more sensitive endophenotype than working memory performance alone as measured by neuropsychological testing .
Additional studies using PET have suggested dysfunction of the cortical - thalamic - cerebellar - cortical circuit during working memory tasks ( 72 , 73 ) .
The “ cognitive dysmetria ” resulting from this disruption may provide another candidate endophenotype .
Conclusions : Broader Uses for Endophenotypes
Endophenotypes may have additional uses in psychiatry , including uses in diagnosis , classification , and the development of animal models .
The current classification schema in psychiatry were derived from observable clinical grounds to address the need for clinical description and communication ( 22 ) .
However , they are not based on measures of the underlying genetic or biological pathophysiology of the disorders .
The most widely used systems currently in place must serve the needs of clinicians , psychiatric statisticians , administrators , and insurance companies , among other groups and agencies ( 128 ) .
As this system is designed for a wide range of users and because it pays little attention to the biological contributors to the disorders , it is not optimized for the design , implementation , and success of research studies ( 128 ) .
The lack of a biological basis for the classification of psychiatric disorders has led , in part , to a lack of success in studies of the neurobiology and genetics of psychiatric disorders .
Endophenotype - based analysis would be useful for establishing a biological underpinning for diagnosis and classification ; a net outcome would be improved understanding of the neurobiology and genetics of psychopathology .
Animal models are an active area of research in psychiatry .
However , despite some progress ( 129 , 130 ) , there remains a great need for further development ( 130 –132 ) .
Improved animal models will help in understanding the neurobiology of psychiatric disorders and will further the development of truly novel medications ( 133 ) .
Development of animal partial - models in psychiatry relies on identifying critical components of behavior ( or other neurobiological traits ) that are representative of more complex phenomena ( 134 ) .
Animals will never have guilty ruminations , suicidal thoughts , or rapid speech .
Thus , animal models based on endophenotypes that represent evolutionarily selected and quantifiable traits may better lend themselves to investigation of psychiatric phenomena than models based on face - valid diagnostic phenotypes ( 28 ) .
Given the hopefully successful consequences of studies adopting an endophenotype strategy , psychiatric diagnosis will continue to be important in research and clinical practice .
Indeed , similar to the principle we describe here , optimally reduced or partitioned phenotypes may be useful in refining the diagnostic system .
Measures that have already been used to deconstruct illnesses for genetic analysis include severity and course of illness ( 135 ) , age at onset of illness ( 136 , 137 ) , amount of substance use in drug and alcohol disorders ( 138 , 139 ) , and response to specific treatments such as lithium ( 140 , 141 ) .
Gottesman and Shields ( 25 ) concluded their 1972 book on schizophrenia and genetics with the following remarks :
We are optimistically hopeful that the current mass of research on families of schizophrenics will discover an endophenotype , either biological or behavioral ( psychometric pattern ) , which will not only discriminate schizophrenics from other psychotics , but will also be found in all the identical co-twins of schizophrenics whether concordant or discordant .
All genetic theorizing will benefit from the development of such an indicator ( p. 336 ) .
Although these words are still pertinent after 30 years , there is ample reason to be optimistic about anticipated discoveries and refinements in the quest for endophenotypes .
Right now , more than 104 million people around the world have been made homeless by natural disaster and conflict .
We ’re working to change this .
By providing emergency shelter and tools for families robbed of their homes by disaster , we ’re transforming despair into hope .
We want to see a world where no family is left without shelter after disaster .
Find out more about us .
About This Game Welcome to Torchlight !
A sleepy enclave founded on the discovery of rich veins of Ember : a rare and mysterious ore with the power to enchant or corrupt all that it touches .
Emboldened by its power , legions of twisted creatures have begun to swarm up from the tunnels and caves below town .
Choose from three heroes in this Action - RPG and delve into the caverns below town for endless treasure and glory .
Key Features
RANDOMIZATION
Your adventure is uniquely your own .
Explore seven lovingly crafted environments randomly generated with new monsters , treasures , puzzles , and items each time you embark on your journey .
MOD SUPPORT
All the tools we used to make Torchlight are fully available in TorchED .
Change your gameplay experience , or create something entirely new to explore and share .
PETS & FISHING
Take a break from your fast - paced job adventuring and go fishing .
Your catch will help you along your journey .
Solo adventuring can be a lonely so chose a faithful companion to accompany you .
Your pet will carry items for you , help you in battle , and – with the right fish – can even transform into powerful allies !
RETIREMENT SYSTEM
Hanging up your boots does n't mean the adventure has to be over .
“ Retire ” your hero and pass down a prized item imbued with unique attributes for your new hero .
BALTIMORE —
The community organizing group Acorn , battered politically from the right and suffering from mismanagement along with a severe loss of government and other funds , is on the verge of filing for bankruptcy , officials of the group said Friday .
Acorn is holding a teleconference this weekend to discuss plans for a bankruptcy filing , two officials of the group said .
They asked not to be identified because they were not authorized to speak to the news media .
Over the last six months , at least 15 of the group ’s 30 state chapters have disbanded and have no plans of re-forming , Acorn officials said .
The California and New York chapters , two of the largest , have severed their ties to the national group and have independently reconstituted themselves with new names .
Several other state groups are also re-forming outside the Acorn umbrella , and will not be affected if the national organization files for bankruptcy .
This week , the Maryland chapter announced that it would not reopen its offices , which were shuttered in September in the wake of a widely publicized series of video recordings made by two conservative activists , posing as a prostitute and a pimp , who secretly filmed Acorn workers providing them tax advice .
In the videos , Acorn workers told one of the activists , James E. O’Keefe III , how to hide prostitution activities from the authorities and avoid taxes , raising no objections to his proposed criminal activities .
As soon as Haverford ’s president , Stephen G. Emerson , understood the letter ’s history , he contacted the Institut de France ( coincidentally on Feb. 11 , the anniversary of Descartes ’ death in 1650 ) and offered to return the item .
“ I was frankly shocked because I did n’t know we had the letter at all , ” said Mr. Emerson , who was a philosophy major in college .
“ But it ’s really not ours . ”
Scholars have known of the letter ’s existence for more than 300 years , but not its contents .
Apparently the only person who had really studied it was a Haverford undergraduate who spent a semester writing a paper about the letter in 1979 .
( Mr. Bos called the paper “ a truly fine piece of work . ” )
Gabriel de Broglie , chancellor of the Institut de France , an organization that manages thousands of donations and foundations , described the letter as “ a wonderful discovery for science . ”
Delighted by the college ’s offer , Mr. de Broglie awarded Haverford a prize of 15,000 euros ( slightly more than $ 20,000 ) , writing to Mr. Emerson that the offer “ honors you and exemplifies the depth of moral values that you instill in your students . ”
Image
The stolen letter , dated May 27 , 1641 .
Credit ...
Haverford College
France has recovered only 45 of the 72 stolen Descartes letters , Mr. de Broglie explained .
One was offered at an auction in Switzerland in 2006 and 2009 .
“ After I protested vociferously and publicly on both occasions in the name of the Institut , the letter did n’t find a buyer , ” Mr. de Broglie wrote , “ but it proved impossible for us to raise the very large sum that the seller demanded , and even though it ca n’t be sold , this 1638 letter remains in private hands . ”
The letters were among thousands of documents stolen by Guglielmo Libri , an Italian count and mathematician who served as secretary of the Committee for the General Catalog of Manuscripts in French Public Libraries in the 1840s .
After learning that he might be arrested , Libri fled to London in 1848 with a collection of 30,000 books and manuscripts , including those by Descartes , Galileo , Fermat , Leibniz , Copernicus and Kepler and other scientific and mathematical giants .
By Bill the Butcher
Imagine this scenario .
There is a great city , a city that has been the envy of others in the past , rich in culture and surrounded by heavy industry , excellently supported by communication links , endowed with some of the better schools and universities the nation has to offer .
Yes , a great city indeed – but not now , no longer .
Years and decades of unplanned and unregulated population growth have swelled the numbers so much that there ’s no space for new entrants , and yet still they flood in , for the streets are paved , reputedly , with gold .
It ’s a city where the potholed streets are choked with vehicular fumes , a city where entire multi-member families share single rooms and make shanties on the pavements ; where the avenues for legitimate employment have dried up and begging , prostitution and crime are the easiest ways to make a living .
Imagine , now , that drought visits the land and the parched fields can no longer produce enough to feed everyone , and the granaries begin to empty out .
The shops of the city are half - empty , prices begin to rise through the roof , and food riots are imminent .
Services begin to break down .
There ’s no longer electricity or water enough to go around , and what resources are available tend to go to the highest bidder .
Garbage piles up faster than it can be removed .
Residents of various localities begin arming themselves with whatever weapons come to hand and form vigilante groups intent on keeping outsiders away and saving whatever they have .
Profiteers and black marketers make a killing selling everything from baby food to medicines to those with the money to pay their prices .
Fascist politicians have a field day blaming everything on whichever public enemy – always a minority group , ethnic , linguistic or religious – is convenient .
The floodgates , obviously , are creaking .
Chaos and anarchy are on the way .
And in the middle of this , imagine this : the people of the city continue having large numbers of children .
Not just two or three ; the average couple still insists on producing six , seven , eight kids – or more .
And so do those living in the surrounding villages , where there are neither roads nor electricity , schools or health - care facilities ; they have even more children , so many children that there ’s no possibility of them being able to absorb them all in agriculture , the only employment available .
So these extra mouths also trickle into the city , swelling numbers further and stressing the services that much more .
With the burden of providing for the immense load of the population already too much to bear , the government of the day throws up its hands and declares that it ca n’t tell people not to have children ; it ’s their affair .
If anyone sounds the alarm , the government claims that such a person is crying wolf , and that all earlier claims of impending disaster have proved unfounded .
And having said that , the government continues to preside over the coming catastrophe , essentially doing nothing .
Now imagine that this state applies not just to a single city , or to a province ; an entire nation or a larger part of the planet is affected .
Obviously , there would be repercussions , not just on the people directly affected but on those around them , and further , because of the terrific problems of feeding , clothing , sheltering and providing for such a mass of humanity ca n’t be solved without doing long - term damage to the region .
At this point , it ’s useless to say that since each of those teeming millions of humans does n’t really consume much , the situation is less dire than projected .
One might think of it in terms of an increasing number of ants seeking to consume the sugar in a bowl of limited size .
Even if each ant eats only one or two grains , at some point the sugar will run out , so long as nobody pours in more from outside .
And even if more sugar is poured in from outside , at some point it will run out , and yet more sugar will have to be poured in to feed the uncontrolled increase in the ant numbers .
Finally , even though each ant is still eating just one or two grains , there will no longer be enough sugar available to be poured in from outside .
So long as our city above can still depend on food and raw materials coming in from outside , it can still somehow get along .
But raw materials are n’t infinite , and at a certain point the growth of population is going to outstrip the inflow of resources ; the point when the sugar stops being poured into the bowl , so to speak .
You will appreciate that the situation grows more dire and more disastrous the larger the social unit we ’re talking about ; when it reaches a point that an entire portion of the planet is affected , it ’s time to draw back and ask , why ?
Simply put : since the primary cause of all this distress is the uncontrolled growth of population , why do these people still insist on having so many babies ?
The standard answer to this question is that agrarian societies typically have more children than more industrial ones .
Farming people need working hands on the land , and children who have a stake in the farm will work better and more reliably than hired help who may be seduced away with greater wages .
Of course , modern farming practices are n’t labour - intensive , relying overwhelmingly on machinery .
But these societies are n’t modern .
They continue to farm in conditions that are anywhere between Neolithic and mid-twentieth century .
Machinery is n’t affordable or , since the typical farm is small and produces relatively little , is n’t economically useable .
Social divisions run too deep to allow co-operative farming to develop .
Whereas a typical farm in a Western country will occupy hundreds to thousands of hectares and make use of heavy machinery and little human labour , in these countries a farm is a small patch of ground where everything from tilling the ground to sowing the crops and harvesting is done by direct physical labour .
These people feel they need children .
The downside of this , of course , is when it comes to sharing out the property to the members of the next generation .
In most cases , a small farm ca n’t be cut up further between five or six heirs without becoming utterly economically unviable .
And in spite of all the uplifting stories , siblings rarely work well together .
So with each succeeding generation , these agrarian people become further immured in debt and poverty .
At the same time , primarily agricultural societies in this day and age are n’t in any case rich societies .
They have few schools , few hospitals , and people live shorter lives than in more “ developed ” communities .
The child mortality rate tends to be high .
Also , these societies typically have no social security , no guaranteed pensions , and no old age homes .
Old people usually live with their adult children who are supposed to take care of them .
Since several to most of your kids may die before reaching adulthood , while others may migrate in search of jobs or may be unwilling or unable to shelter you later , the only way of ensuring you have someone to take care of you in your old age is to have as many offspring as possible .
Therefore , of course , if you improve these peoples ’ access to health and education , provide them the means to earn enough to be less desperately uncertain about their future , the number of children they produce ought to drop .
And , in many to most societies , they do .
But not always .
No .
Why not ?
Why did , for instance , China need to impose a ruthless one - child - per- couple policy to control its runaway population explosion ?
Is it only because they ’re evil Commie Red Maoist freedom - hating anti-democratic scum ?
Let ’s see .
I live in a nation , India , that is n’t just overpopulated ; it ’s hyperpopulated , with cities bursting at the seams with the pressure of people , villages without water or sanitation or electricity , and a government that has , like our example of the city above , practically given up on managing the population .
( It uses an interesting argument to justify its stance , which I ’ll get to in a moment ) .
Indians , I ’m convinced , will never reach a point where the population will balance available resources , for a series of reasons .
In no particular order , some of these reasons are :
1 . The influence of religion .
Most Indians are Hindus , and one of the tenets of Hindu belief is that if one ’s to go to heaven , one ’s funeral rites have to be carried out by one ’s oldest son .
Women , in fact , are usually blocked out from the actual cremation of a corpse entirely .
Therefore , religion demands a male child , and couples will keep having kids until they get one .
Muslims , who do not have any such religious requirement , are still goaded on to have a maximum number of kids by semiliterate mullahs who condemn family planning as “ anti-Islam . ”
Christian converts in villages are also exhorted by their pastors and priests to have many kids , because the extent of financing from the parent church often depends on the size of one ’s congregation .
2. Son preference .
In South Asia , the only child acceptable is a male child .
Female children are very often selectively aborted or just quietly murdered at birth by suffocation or poisoning .
If they are allowed to live , they ’re commonly given less food than their male siblings , less schooling and less access to health care .
There are several reasons for this son preference apart from the religious angle .
Some are :
i . Sons , not married daughters , inherit property .
One needs a male heir .
ii .
In most parts of India , in order to get your daughter married you have to pay a gigantic dowry .
In effect , you ’re paying the groom to take your daughter off your hands .
Sons are needed to bring dowry into the house to compensate .
iii .
Married daughters are no longer considered part of the family .
Sons are .
So – since you need someone to take care of you in your old age – the son is the one who has to do that .
iv .
Farming communities prefer sons since daughters are n’t of much use on the farm .
Whatever the reason , in practical terms the consequence is that parents typically keep trying till they have a male .
I remember when I was a kid , I used to keep hearing how so - and - so had “ two daughters and a son ” or “ three daughters and a son . ”
Only later did I realise why .
The parents bred until the son was born and then they stopped breeding .
3. Early or polygamous marriage .
To this day , in many parts of the country , the average person is married by the time he or she is fourteen or fifteen , and sometimes while literally still a baby in arms .
Officially these marriages are n’t legal , but once done , legally again , they ca n’t be annulled .
( More on child marriages another time . )
These couples begin having babies early and keep having them at regular intervals until the female component is so worn out she can’t have any more .
At this stage , very often , and especially so if there ’s no male child , the male component marries again .
Outside the cities , most marriages are n’t registered anyway , so there ’s no need to get a divorce .
4. Social pressure .
It may sound weird and bizarre , but in this hyperpopulated nation there ’s an incredible amount of pressure on any newly - wed couple to have children .
It ’s not just one ’s immediate family ; total strangers will ask if you have children and shake their heads sorrowfully if you say you do n’t .
“ For whom are you earning then ? ” they ’ll ask .
“ Why are you so selfish ?
Who ’ll take care of you in your old age ? ”
Try telling these idiots that having children to take care of one in one ’s old age is as selfish an activity as one can think of , and they ’ll stare at you blankly .
Their brains just ca n’t handle it .
5 . The low status of women .
Except in the upper strata , and especially in North India , women typically make no decisions about anything .
They have no control over their bodies , no right to decide if or when to have sex , and as for contraception , unless it ’s ordained by the male , forget it .
6 . The complete and total absence of sex education , both formal and informal .
Not only do parents not talk of sex to their children , they go out of their way to prevent sex education ( even if by some other innocuous name ) from being taught in the schools .
Recently a parliamentary committee claimed that sex comes naturally , so there ’s no need to teach it .
This may be funny , but it ’s fairly typical of how the Indian mind works when confronted with difficult choices .
7. Lack of foresight .
My paternal grandmother had eleven children , and that was nothing extraordinary for her time .
Six or seven , in fact , were the fewest a couple had .
When I asked her why they had that many kids , she said frankly that they “ had so much ” ( they were minor landowners in what is now northern Bangladesh ) that they never thought it could ever run out .
Strange , but there it is .
8. Lack of any other entertainment .
I remember an Indian minister saying one way of reducing population growth was to give villagers free TV sets and electricity on which to run them .
He was right – in villages across India , there ’s hardly anything to do after dark except , um , a spot of nookie .
9. Child labour .
For the poorest of the poor , children are essential for augmenting the family ’s income .
As soon as the kid can sit up and understand basic orders , it ’s put to work ; maybe at making matchsticks or fireworks or anything else at which it can pick up a few rupees a day .
Later it might graduate to domestic service or construction labour , or if especially fortunate to doing embroidery work in an export - oriented textile company , until its fingers lost their dexterity and their eyes their keenness .
By the time the kid grows old enough to strike out on its own , the parents have recouped the expense of feeding and clothing it for the first couple of years of its life , over and over again .
As long as the demand for cheap child labour persists , the incentive for the poorest people is to have more kids , not less .
And in a competitive capitalist economy , a firm which , clandestinely if need be , employs cheap child labour has a great advantage over one which does n’t , so child labour is here to stay .
( I should explain that Indians typically consider their children their properties , theirs to do with as they see fit .
There ’s no legal requirement to send one ’s offspring to school , for example .
The government refuses to make such a requirement on the plea that in a democracy the government can’t force parents to educate their children , despite the fact that many democracies , like Britain , have done precisely that . )
Undoubtedly , despite all of this , the average number of kids per couple is declining .
The problem is that it ’s not declining fast enough .
The ants are still crawling over more and more of the bowl .
By the time they stop coming into the bowl , the sugar will all be gone .
Droughts and declining agricultural output are already haunting the country , and the cities are crashing under the weight of their own populations .
We are approaching the point where the sugar bowl will be empty .
I do n’t think these features are all unique to India ; the son preference one holds as true for China as it does for India .
But China has recognised the danger and imposed a one - child policy .
Far from emulating it , India has virtually given up all attempts to control the population .
Instead the government has come up with a weird bit of twisted logic , called the “ demographic dividend , ” which claims that a huge population is actually an asset and offers more human resources .
How a starving , uneducated , unemployed mass of humanity can be a human resource is n’t a question the government wants to hear raised , let alone answer .
But that ’s India for you .
A potential new energy source so controversial that people once regarded it as junk science is moving closer to acceptance by the mainstream scientific community .
That 's the conclusion of the organizer of one of the largest scientific sessions on the topic -- " cold fusion " -- being held here for the next two days in the Moscone Center during the 239th National Meeting of the American Chemical Society ( ACS ) .
" Years ago , many scientists were afraid to speak about ' cold fusion ' to a mainstream audience , " said Jan Marwan , Ph.D. , the internationally known expert who organized the symposium .
Marwan heads the research firm , Dr. Marwan Chemie in Berlin , Germany .
Entitled " New Energy Technology , " the symposium will include nearly 50 presentations describing the latest discoveries on the topic .
The presentations describe invention of an inexpensive new measuring device that could enable more labs to begin cold fusion research ; indications that cold fusion may occur naturally in certain bacteria ; progress toward a battery based on cold fusion ; and a range of other topics .
Marwan noted that many of the presentations suggest that cold fusion is real , with a potential to contribute to energy supplies in the 21st Century .
" Now most of the scientists are no longer afraid and most of the cold fusion researchers are attracted to the ACS meeting , " Marwan said .
" I 've also noticed that the field is gaining new researchers from universities that had previously not pursued cold fusion research .
More and more people are becoming interested in it .
There 's still some resistance to this field .
But we just have to keep on as we have done so far , exploring cold fusion step by step , and that will make it a successful alternative energy source .
With time and patience , I 'm really optimistic we can do this ! "
The term " cold fusion " originated in 1989 when Martin Fleishmann and Stanley Pons claimed achieving nuclear fusion at room temperature with a simple , inexpensive tabletop device .
That claim fomented an international sensation because nuclear fusion holds potential for providing the world with a virtually limitless new source of energy .
Fuel for fusion comes from ordinary seawater , and estimates indicate that 1 gallon of seawater packs the energy equivalent of 16 gallons of gasoline at 100 percent efficiency for energy production .
The claim also ignited scepticism , because conventional wisdom said that achieving fusion required multi-billion - dollar fusion reactors that operate at tens of millions of degrees Fahrenheit .
When other scientists could not reproduce the Pons - Fleishmann results , research on cold fusion fell into disrepute .
Humiliated by the scientific establishment , their reputations ruined , Pons and Fleishmann closed their labs , fled the country , and dropped out of sight .
The handful of scientists who continued research avoided the term " cold fusion . "
Instead , they used the term " low energy nuclear reactions ( LENR ) . "
Research papers at the ACS symposium openly refer to " cold fusion " and some describe cold fusion as the " Fleishmann - Pons Effect " in honor of the pioneers , Marwan noted .
" The field is now experiencing a rebirth in research efforts and interest , with evidence suggesting that cold fusion may be a reality . "
Marwan said .
He noted , for instance , that the number of presentations on the topic at ACS National Meetings has quadrupled since 2007 .
Among the reports scheduled for the symposium are :
In 2018 we moved the digitalbond.com content to dale - peterson.com for consulting and public speaking and s4xevents.com for S4 content .
The old site hosted almost 2000 blog entries .
This was before social media , and we were putting out about 7 per week .
We have moved the still pertinent half of those to this site , and you can see them archived by year .
Most of the research projects have been dorment for a number of years including the Quickdraw ICS IDS signatures , Bandolier Security Audit Files , Portaledge SCADA SIEM , Redpoint Nmap NSE Scripts , PLC Honeynet , Basecamp Metasploit Modules and more .
Now that there is a market for ICS security products these proof of concept research has served its purpose .
Some of the remnants of these products are available on Github .
Useful Links
Digital Bond Blog articles
Digital Bond Research on GitHub
S4 and Dale Peterson Videos on YouTube
Unsolicited Response Podcast
Information on S4 Events
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
After becoming stranded at Ben-Gurion Airport due to an alleged NIS 9,000 debt , an American couple ’s journey to Israel has been transformed into a nightmare .
Jack and Suzan Baumann , from Miami , arrived on January 7 for a visit and hoped to soon make aliya , but unforeseen circumstances meant that their immigration process ground to a halt .
With nowhere to go , the Baumanns were forced to stay in a number of hotels , using up their funds .
Last Tuesday , the couple abandoned their plans for aliya , and decided to return to Florida .
A nasty surprise awaited them at Ben-Gurion Airport , however , when Jack , 49 , discovered that a no - exit ban had been imposed on him by a Haifa court over a debt of NIS 9,000 .
He was told he could leave only if he paid the sum .
Efforts by Jack to trace the source of the debt failed , and he spent several hours trying to navigate complex bureaucracy on the phone , as his funds dwindled .
He and Suzan were forced to live at the airport for five days , during which his newly pregnant wife suffered a miscarriage in a bathroom .
When the couple asked about medical assistance , a nurse at the airport told them that they would have to pay money they did not have for an ambulance , and , fearing another debt , they remained at Ben-Gurion .
A second medical problem emerged when Jack began suffering from a bad infection of the root canal and sinuses , which began spreading up to his cheekbone and eye , causing severe pain and swelling .
“ We have nowhere to go , ” he said .
“ Unfortunately , my family is dysfunctional and unable to help me .
We are desperate , and we fear the cold streets are our next stop , ” Jack said .
“ I believe this is a case of mistaken or forged identity , because I was not in the country during the year the debt was incurred , ” he said .
“ We have no access to shelter or food , let alone legal assistance , so we cannot track this debt down , and we can not pay it .
” Jack , a chef by profession , lived in Israel in the past and helpeddesign the menu of well - known Tel Aviv restaurants such as PlanetHollywood in Tel Aviv and Columbus in Herzliya .
“ All we want to do now is return home – we have an open return ticket , but we cannot leave because of the debt , ” he said .
The couple have not eaten properly or showered in days , have walkedmany kilometers in cold rain seeking help , and say that without outsidehelp , their future looks grim .
“ We have tried every emergency help available , including the USEmbassy , but were told they could not pay the debt , but only the planeticket home , ” he said .
“ We have never been in a situation like this . ”
The Senate spent Wednesday afternoon debating the merits of national health care , state sovereignty and passing measures that would allow the state to opt out of a national health care plan — if such a plan is ever created .
By the end of the day , the Senate passed three measures voicing opposition to a nationalized health care plan .
The measures include a proposed constitutional amendment to prohibit the state ’s " forced participation ” in a health system .
The joint resolutions are in response to plans by President Barack Obama and Congress to reform the nation ’s health care system .
Obama is expected to meet with a bipartisan group to discuss health care reform today .
Obama released his proposal for a national health care plan Monday .
Senate Joint Resolution 59 , filed by Sen. Dan Newberry , R - Tulsa , would allow voters to pass a constitutional amendment to prevent Oklahomans from having to take part in a national health care system .
After nearly two hours of debate , the measure passed the Senate 30 - 16 , with five Democrats backing the Republican proposal .
Sen . Sean Burrage , D - Claremore was absent .
" The point of this bill is to send a statement to Washington that says we do n’t agree with Obama care , ” Newberry said .
Newberry said 35 other states are considering similar provisions in response to a proposed national health care plan .
Sen. Jay Paul Gumm , D - Durant , pointed out that the state already sent Obama a message when " not a single county voted for him for president . ”
Gumm argued that a proposed constitutional amendment was not the way to address a perceived conflict between states ’ rights and the reach of the federal government .
Several Democrats pointed out that a national health care plan could help the thousands of Oklahomans who do n’t have health insurance or ca n’t get coverage because they have pre-existing conditions .
Sen .
Tom Adelson , D - Tulsa , said Oklahomans could be taxed to help pay for a national health care plan and not be able to opt into the plan if the state constitution has provisions that forbid the state ’s participation .
" You ’re going to be taxed anyway , but if this works we would n’t have the option to take advantage of it , ” he said .
" Let ’s not engage in bad policy just because it ’s good politics . ”
The title is off SJR 59 and a title is needed for legislation to become law .
A title can be restored at any time in the legislative process .
The measure now heads to the House .
Two other measures to address a proposed national health care plan also passed the Senate , where Republicans have a 25 - 22 majority .
Sen .
Mike Mazzei , a Tulsa Republican , has taken a leave of absence from the 48 - member chamber after suffering a back injury in a car accident .
Senate President Pro Tempore Glenn Coffee , R- Oklahoma City , wrote two measures challenging a nationalized health care plan .
SJR 58 seeks to allow Oklahoma to opt out of a national health care plan and instead receive block grants to administer its own Medicaid program .
That measure passed 35 - 11 .
SJR 64 directs the attorney general to file a lawsuit challenging whether the federal government has the power to force states to take part in a national health care plan .
That measure passed 29 - 16 .
The measures now go to the House .
Let ’s not engage in bad policy just because it ’s good politics . ”
Sen . Tom Adelson
Unless you are Alice Waters or Barbara Kingsolver , planting and maintaining an edible garden can seem a tad arduous .
In her book " Animal , Vegetable , Miracle , " Kingsolver extolled the pleasures of home - grown food , but all the soil amending , weeding and watering - not to mention controlling greedy pests - takes time , effort and , of course , space .
Enter aquaponics , a system of food gardening that has a small but growing fan base , not least because its advantages seem almost too good to be true .
An aquaponics installation requires no soil , scant water ( 2 to 10 percent of what is used in the average vegetable garden ) , a modest financial outlay and minimal maintenance .
There 's no dealing with pesticides , and the system is sustainable and easy to set up .
For gardeners conscious of the need to slash their water use during California 's drought , or those with little or no land , this method has a lot to offer .
The cherry on top is that you get to enjoy nurturing a school of pretty fish .
Fish can be fed with regular fish food or , eventually , with the fruits of your crop , creating a virtuous circle in which you know precisely what is going into the food you eat .
Whether you consider your fish a decorative feature or dinner is up to you .
" My wife and I were blown away when we saw aquaponics for the first time , " says Bob Rudorf , who has a system installed under a grow light in the living room of his Sonoma home and is harvesting baby lettuces and culinary herbs .
Aquaponics combines hydroponics , or water - based planting , with aquaculture , or fish cultivation .
The idea is simple :
In a closed - loop system , water from a tank full of fish , rich with fish waste , irrigates and feeds plants that grow in a bed of gravel .
The plants filter the water , which is then channeled back into the fish tank .
The boxed plant bed is typically set at table height to distance it from soil - borne diseases such as the fungi that grow on tomatoes , but there 's another benefit : no need to bend or kneel to tend your plants .
Aquatic life can range from goldfish , trout and tilapia to crustacea , frogs and turtles ; a simple pump is required to circulate the water .
Plants can be grown from seed or as transplants that have been cleaned of soil .
Sustainability in action
Rudorf and his wife , Amelia Belle , discovered aquaponics at the San Francisco Green Festival last fall .
Strolling past the exhibits , the couple were disappointed with how little they saw that was truly green .
" It screamed commercialism , " Rudorf says .
" There were lots of purses made out of recycled candy wrappers . "
On an upper level they came upon Oakland aquaponics company Kijiji Grows .
" There were these beautiful gardens and blooming flowers , " recalls Rudorf , who decided this was sustainability in action .
Kijiji Grows was started last March by Keba Konte , co-owner of the Guerilla Cafe in north Berkeley , and Eric Maundu , who trained in computer science and industrial robotics .
" An aquaponic garden is just one big robot , " he says .
The company has worked extensively with children , setting up aquaponic gardens in half a dozen schools and several preschools in Oakland .
Maundu says kids are naturally drawn to the simplicity of the gardens and the transparency of how they work .
" Just like with recycling and other sustainable concepts , it 's the kids who are initially energized by the idea , and they pass their enthusiasm on to their parents , " he says .
Kijiji , the Swahili word for village , has also collaborated with Oakland 's Office of Parks and Recreation to create a community garden in Mosswood Park , at the corner of Macarthur Boulevard and Webster Street .
In March , their three tabletop beds , one of which uses solar power for its water pump , are bursting with chard , mint , parsley , bok choy and broccoli .
The gentle gurgling of the water making its way from the darting goldfish in their black tub to the plants above makes for a soothing aural backdrop .
' Rains all the time '
Nearby , a number of traditional raised beds tended by neighbors also look abundant , but come the summer months they will require constant irrigation .
As Maundu puts it , with aquaponics , " it rains all the time . "
Aquaponic gardens are not as tied to the seasons because they are not tied to the ground .
" You can push spring and summer much longer , " Maundu says .
Konte and Maundu bring adults and children to the park to teach them how to create and maintain aquaponic systems .
The majority of plants lend themselves to aquaponics , including leafy greens and fruiting and flowering plants .
Tuber crops , such as potatoes , are one exception .
In the tanks at Mosswood , Kijiji likes to stock goldfish : " Some of the younger children find the whiskered catfish scary , " Maundu says .
Ideal for the poor
Aquaponic systems are ideal for poor communities , here or in developing countries , because they do n't require fertile land , significant water or funding , and in some places families can rely on them for subsistence .
Maundu has helped set up installations in Kenya for families who have lost adults to AIDS .
In these instances , it is often the family members left behind - children and grandparents - who benefit from a simple aquaponics garden .
" There , it can be a matter of life and death , " Maundu says .
It helps that the systems can be built from whatever materials are available locally , be it coconut fibers , rocks , bamboo or wood .
Inka Biospheric Systems , a San Francisco company that produces a variety of aquaponic installations , is looking at how it might provide systems to earthquake - devastated Haiti .
Founder Paul Giacomantonio , who started out as a stonemason building fishponds , among other things , and who has worked in Gabon , Senegal and Zimbabwe , says he sees Inka 's " micro farms " as part of an effort to ease poverty .
Inka has created aquaponic gardens at Sanchez Elementary School in San Francisco 's Mission District , and has installed a suspended version of its rotating cylinder garden on the Plastiki , the sailing vessel made of recycled plastic bottles that David de Rothschild intends to sail across the Pacific from San Francisco this year .
The garden is clamped onto the vessel 's mizzenmast , and the cylinder is enclosed in a clear covering to create a greenhouse effect and to keep saltwater off the plants .
Inka also has developed a bio - quilt in which seedlings are grown to create vertical walls of plants sustained by water from a fish tank .
These are suitable for condo and apartment patios or decks , Giacomantonio says .
In Sonoma , Rudorf is hoping that aquaponic gardens like his may one day be in every public school in the county .
" There 's a commitment to put gardens in schools , and it makes sense for them to be aquaponic , " he says .
In the meantime , he says his family is deriving a lot of pleasure from their small indoor installation .
" It has a function and it is really pretty .
And we love just looking at the fish . "
Although the global economic downturn no longer appears to be heading off a cliff , signs of stability or recovery are still sporadic and tenuous .
As news stories look for signs of of the direction of economic indicators , photographs fill the wires of people working from all over .
Once more , I 've collected some of these disparate photos over the past couple of months , composing another global portrait we humans at work around the world .
In the " modern " Objective - C runtime ( that 's iPhone OS or 64 - bit Mac OS X ) , you can dynamically add ivars ( instance variables ) to a class without declaring them first .
This allows a solution to the common " fragile base class " problem involving ivar layouts .
Dynamic ivars can also help data hiding and abstraction and can even create a confusing situation where a base class and a sub class have ivars with the same names that do n't refer to the same underlying data .
Introduction
The post is about dynamic ivars in Objective - C. Dynamic ivars exist to solve a common type of fragile base class , specifically , the problem of ivar layouts .
A fragile base class problem is a situation where a minor change to the base class can break subclasses .
The ivar layout problem is a fragile base class problem where you can't add an ivar to a base class without requiring all subclasses to be recompiled .
The fragile base class problem with ivar layouts occurs because accessing an ivar requires adding the ivar 's offset within the object to the object 's pointer .
Since a subclass ' ivars are always positioned after the base class ' ivars , the offset to a subclass ' ivars must always be the total size of the base class ' ivar region plus their own relative offset .
Since these offsets are traditionally fixed and unchangeable after compile - time , this means that you can't change the total size of a base class ' ivar area without needing to recompile all subclasses to update their ivar offsets .
The reality is that in most object - oriented languages ( including Objective - C before dynamic ivars ) , adding ivars to established classes while maintaining backwards binary compatibility is practically impossible .
Objective - C in conjunction with the Objective - C modern runtime is one of the few compiled language environments to address this problem .
Dynamic does not mean " at any time " : by dynamic , I mean that the absolute ivar layout is not known at compile - time .
Really , I 'm talking about ivars that will appear dynamically from the perspective of subclasses ( to the base class , they will appear like a normal ivar ) .
While additional ivars can be added to a class at runtime , they can only be added before the class pair is registered ( i.e. before there are any instances of the class ) .
See the Apple documentation for class_addIvar for more .
The fragile base class problem of ivar layouts
Let 's have a look at how the fragile base class problem of ivar layouts can cause problems by looking at an example .
Adding an ivar to a base class would break all subclasses
Consider an example where a writer of dynamic libraries ( e.g. Apple writing the Mac OS X or iPhone OS Cocoa libraries ) issues a version of a class that is designed to allow subclasses :
@interface LibraryBaseObject : NSObject { NSString * baseObjectIVar ; } @end
Users of that library class then make their own subclasses of the base class :
@interface UserSubObject : LibraryBaseObject { NSString * userSubObjectIVar ; } @end
This works fine until the writer of the library wants to add a feature to LibraryBaseObject that requires an additional ivar :
@interface LibraryBaseObject : NSObject { NSString * baseObjectIVar ; id newFeatureObject ; } @end
Traditionally , this would break every existing subclass of LibraryBaseObject because no existing subclass would allocate enough memory to hold this new ivar and the offsets to userSubObjectIVar would be wrong because these offsets were compiled to include the old instance memory size of NSObject +
LibraryBaseObject and will now offset by the wrong amount .
Yes , code can simply be recompiled with the new headers and all offsets would be corrected to the new values automatically , but until such a recompile , all existing programs that subclass the LibraryBaseObject will break .
Greg Parker 's Hamster Emporium : [ objc explain ] has a good post titled Non-fragile ivars with more diagrams showing the ivar layout problem .
Previous workarounds for the fragile base class problem
The common workaround to the fragile base class problem of ivar layouts is to declare your class like this :
@interface LibraryBaseObject : NSObject { id private ; } @end
and then actually store all your data in the private class , which you can change in size without affecting the actual LibraryBaseObject since the private ivar will only ever be the size of a pointer .
However , this has three problems :
You must have had the foresight to include this private pointer from the beginning
pointer from the beginning
It involves two dereferences ( see the performance note below where I explain that the dereference is the slowest part of ivar access )
In this untyped scenario , it is unwieldy since all your code must cast this private ivar to its actual class before use .
You can forward declare a @class and use that instead to eliminate this difficulty .
A fix requires that one of the compile - time values becomes dynamic
Previously , I said that we access an ivar by :
Add the ivar 's offset within the object to the object 's pointer value Dereference ( read or write from ) the memory location referred to by the offset pointer value
This should not be new information to any programmer since Algol : it is the approach taken for accessing data in any struct , record or instance variable in most compiled languages .
The problem is that the offset of any subclass ' ivars must include the total size of the base class ivar area and none of this can change at runtime .
Obviously , to fix the problem , something must be changeable at runtime .
Objective - C's modern runtime fixes this by making the " size of the base class ivar area " a value that can be looked up at runtime .
The " modern " Objective - C runtime therefore requires that accessing an ivar follows this modified approach :
Add the offset for the subclass ' instance value area to the object 's pointer value
Add the offset from the subclass ' instance area to the ivar Dereference ( read or write from ) the memory location referred to by the offset pointer value
Once this is done , the base class ' ivar area can grow and the subclass ' offsets will shift to accommodate this .
All ivars are dynamic in the modern runtime :
Since this procedure is followed for all ivars , that means that all ivars in the modern Objective - C runtime are dynamic in that their absolute offsets are never known at compile - time .
Performance note
You may be concerned that the " modern " runtime makes a very common task ( accessing ivars ) slower .
Yes , adding the extra offset might slow down some code but for most , the reality is that the difference will be unmeasurably small .
Theoretically , if the extra offset needs to be fetched from the struct that describes the class ' ivar layout , then the new approach could double time taken .
However , the offset for the current subclass will normally already be stored in the rip register , which is designed for this type of doubly offset dereference and may reduce the impact of the extra offset to zero .
Even if the extra cycle to add the offset is needed , it will be a maximum 20 % speed impact , assuming the ivar is in the L1 cache ( 1 cyle impact versus 4 cycles just to fetch from L1 on newer Intel CPUs ) , less than 10 % for L2 ( where the fetch takes 10 cycles ) and about 1 % for main memory fetches .
In addition to this , compilers already eliminate unnecessary dereferencing , so multiple accesses to the same ivar will be optimized so that this additional offset only occurs once .
Synthesizing ivars
The next question is how do we take advantage of this to add additional ivars to an existing , established class ?
The reality is that since all ivars are dynamic in the modern runtime , you can simply add extra ivars to a base class and it wo n't cause a problem for existing subclasses .
But dynamic ivars also enable another way of creating ivars that involves even less disruption to existing classes since it does n't require changing the header file at all — you can use a synthesized property without a matching ivar .
This will create an additional ivar in the implementation that does n't appear in the declaration that other classes see .
For example , if you start with the following class :
@interface MyIvarlessObject : NSObject { } @end
You could add dynamic ivars by altering the declaration to :
@interface MyIvarlessObject : NSObject { } @property ( nonatomic , copy ) NSString * myProperty ; @property ( nonatomic , copy ) NSString * another Property ; @end
and add the following to the implementation :
@synthesize myProperty = myIvar ; // a dynamic ivar named myIvar will be generated @synthesize another Property ; // a dynamic ivar named another Property will be generated
With no matching ivars for either myIvar or another Property , the @synthesize statement will generate a dynamic ivar for each and the @synthesize statement becomes the declaration of these ivars .
Since the @synthesize statement acts as a declaration , you can now reference myIvar or another Property in the implementation as though they were regular declared ivars .
For example , you could write :
- ( id ) init { self = [ super init ] ; if ( self ) { myIvar = [ [ NSString alloc ] initWithString : @ " someString " ] ; another Property = [ [ NSString alloc ] initWithString : @ " someOtherString " ] ; } return self ; }
If you wanted to hide the property declaration or avoid changing the header file at all , you can declare the properties in a private category in your implementation file instead of in your interface file :
@interface MyIvarlessObject ( ) @property ( nonatomic , copy ) NSString * myProperty ; @property ( nonatomic , copy ) NSString * another Property ; @end
This will need to appear above the implementation block for MyIvarlessObject .
Multiple ivars with the same name
Imagine the following base class :
@interface BaseObject : NSObject { } @property ( nonatomic , copy ) NSString * propertyOne ; @end @implementation BaseObject @synthesize propertyOne = myIvar ; @end
and a subclass :
@interface SubObject : BaseObject { } @property ( nonatomic , copy ) NSString * propertyTwo ; @end @implementation SubObject @synthesize propertyTwo = myIvar ; @end
This base class and the sub class both @synthesize an ivar with the name myIvar .
In a somewhat unusual quirk , the myIvar in BaseObject and the myIvar in SubObject are not the same value — they are actually different ivars , with different offsets within the instance memory area .
This quirk is required to properly address another fragile base class problem : if a @synthesize ivar could conflict with a subclass ' ivar , then the base class ' ivars would still be fragile .
To support this idea , @synthesize ivars are always @private .
However , this does not mean that they are limited to the scope of the @implementation .
You can access them in category implementations , provided that the category is below the @implementation that synthesizes the ivar and hence can see the implicit declaration .
It also means that if the BaseObject and SubObject were implemented in the same file , they would not compile .
Why ?
Because if they were implemented in the same file , SubObject would see the implicit declaration of myIvar from its superclass BaseObject , attempt to use that instead of synthesizing its own and fail because the myIvar from BaseObject is @private .
Conclusion
You do not normally need to worry about ivar layout problems when adding ivars to your classes .
It is only a concern when you are writing or updating a dynamic library and you want to maintain backwards binary compatibility .
Dynamic ivars are a feature of the " modern " runtime ; if you are targetting 32 - bit Mac OS X , they are not supported .
For other Cocoa platforms , there are numerous reasons why you may want to @synthesize ivars :
They are convenient ( do n't require an ivar declaration , just a property declaration ) .
They allow for greater information hiding from subclasses than @private declarations since they do n't publicly declare anything .
declarations since they do n't publicly declare anything .
You can add them to base classes without needing to recompile subclasses .
Dynamic ivars do require the cost of an extra pointer offset at runtime but you are paying this cost whether you use them or not ( it is a required part of the iPhone OS and 64 - bit Mac OS X Objective - C runtimes ) .
In any case , you 're unlikely to ever notice this cost .
The leader of a Michigan militia group charged this week with conspiring to kill law - enforcement officers was described Tuesday as a private , family - oriented man who nurtured a festering mistrust of governmental authority , according to people close to the family .
" On the inside of this man 's brain , something evil lurks , and until you get to know him , you do n't know it , " said Andrea Harsh , who was engaged to David Brian Stone Sr. until the couple broke up last year .
She ...
Und hier mal ein bisschen Smalltalk - Wissen für die nächste Cocktailparty : Fotoagenturen wie “ Corbis ” oder “ Getty Images ” bieten lizenzpflichtiges Bildmaterial digital und frei einsehbar auf ihrer Homepage an .
Um zu verhindern , dass sich dort jeder nach Lust und Laune bedient , haben diese Agenturen verschiedene Schutzmechanismen entwickelt , bei denen ein sichtbares Wasserzeichen noch zu den offensichtlicheren Varianten zählt .
Wie so ein Wasserzeichen aussieht ?
Ziemlich genau so wie oben links bei dieser eindrucksvollen Grafik auf Bild.de :
Nachtrag , 11 .
Februar : Entweder wurde es von Außerirdischen entführt oder Bild.de hat das Wasserzeichen jetzt einfach abgeschnitten .
I have recently fallen victim to a new mental illness : Post - Avatar Ecological Depressive Disorder ( PAEDD ) .
Do n’t try to look for it in the DSM - IV ; that book is full of imaginary pathologies .
This one is real .
My symptoms include hissing at cars , wishing I were twelve feet tall and blue , feeling a painfully nostalgic yearning to “ return ” to the magical world of Pandora depicted in James Cameron ’s latest film Avatar , and simply wanting to die as I watch Planet Earth perish all around me .
I feel a bit better with each passing day , but climbing out of a sadness like this can be a daunting , arduous process .
I realize that this may seem like a strange , somewhat juvenile affliction , but before telling me to “ get a life ” and reminding me that Avatar is “ just a movie , ” I ’d like to try to explain how this terrible sickness befell me , how I have managed to cope with it thus far , and , seeing as how I ’m not the only one suffering in this manner , I ’d like to address what I believe to be the implications of PAEDD for society at large .
For those predisposed to the disorder , PAEDD is triggered by two directly related , yet violently dissonant events :
1 ) Watching the movie Avatar and 2 ) leaving the theater .
Below is a realistic dramatization of how this disease might typically seize hold of a person .
You enter the theater , Avatar begins , and you are catapulted with an almost entheogenic force into the world of Pandora , a verdant moon throbbing with transcendent beauty .
Pandora is inhabited by a species of sapient humanoids known as the Na’vi .
The Na’vi — twelve feet tall , big-eyed , blue - skinned , beautiful — move through their forested biosphere like dolphins cutting through open ocean .
Their home is alive ; the entire ecosystem of Pandora is permeated by the sacred energy of Eywa , a silent , Gaia - like deity who is as ethereal as she is organic .
All beings on Pandora commune with Eywa , and each other , by physically plugging themselves into the interconnected web of life that encompasses the entire moon .
When you hug the trees , the trees hug you back .
Although most everything seems to be trying to kill you on Pandora , the exhilaration of survival is so pure that you begin to wonder how true human freedom is possible without it .
Through the power of James Cameron ’s special - effects sorcery , you lose yourself in the hypnotic colors and cadences of this majestic new world , ego subsumed in bioluminescent wonder , sense of self humbled and transformed by an enchanting , nurturing , all - encompassing immanence .
Then the lights turn on in the theater , and you find that your sneakers are sealed fast to a Pepsi - sticky floor .
You exit the building , and step out not onto pure soil , but filthy , ungodly concrete , littered with cigarette butts and plastered with rotten splotches of discarded chewing gum .
Fumes from arrogant cars fill your lungs , and the snow on the ground is leprous with oil and other toxins from off the street .
Metal is everywhere , you ’re standing in a strip mall , and tomorrow , you recall , you will have to go sit in a gray cubicle for eight hours , withering under the stuttering rays of fluorescent lights .
The Earth is vile , human beings are worse still , and Eywa is nowhere to be found .
Suddenly , the heart - wrenching words of Jake , Avatar ’s narrator and male lead , echo in your ears : “ Look at the world we come from .
There is no green there .
They killed their Mother , and they ’re going to do the same thing here . ”
In that instant , you realize that something is horribly wrong with everything .
Epiphany and counter - epiphany collide in your mind : the film has inspired you to believe that somewhere in your spirit you , like the Na’vi , have a “ port ” that is intended to connect with nature , but as you frantically search your surrounding environment , you simply do n’t know where to plug this port in .
You long to commune with a holy , green , transpersonal home , but you realize that you are destroying the closest thing you ’ve got to that .
It ’s time to get back to the garden , your spirit whispers to you , but there is no garden , it appears , to get back to , and , what ’s worse , it ’s all your fault .
As symptoms of PAEDD intensify , what was once considered merely unsustainable becomes unendurable .
What was once irresponsible now seems intolerable .
As you yearn to see yourself as an integral part of the dynamic planetary system around you , you are suddenly awakened to the fact that your corporeal spirit is mingling with garbage .
You have profaned your home planet , your life , and , quite possibly , your afterlife , for you now imagine your body buried in a cemetery next to a bunch of strangers on the side of the highway , with unknown chemicals seeping into your coffin like grave robbers .
If , as a member of the audience during Avatar , you could not endure the destruction of Eywa , how , as a human being , could you possibly tolerate the destruction of Gaia ?
You cheered the heroes of the film on to victory against the greedy and myopic mercenaries , only to discover that , in reality , you are among the evildoers .
You do n’t walk the Earth ; you trample it .
You are an eco-pathological rapist and murderer , and you are committing slow - motion suicide with every industrial movement you make .
Planet Earth , Live and In Color
But shame , outrage , and despair are not , in themselves , horrors sufficient enough to catalyze a full - blown case of PAEDD .
To be truly out of your mind , you must be filled with an infinite love for something that you cannot touch .
Fortuitously , as confronting hardship so often involves the magic of paradox , the way into the disease is also the way out from it .
Pandora may seem like an exotic and impossible fantasy , but , save for the floating mountains and some far - out megafauna , it is modeled almost entirely after a vision of Planet Earth restored to its original beauty .
The best hope people with PAEDD have for a long - term cure , then , is to actualize this vision in real life by taking the pathos and reverence they feel for the fictional Pandora and using that energy to actively participate in the restoration of the celestial body that miraculously sustains our existence right here on real , live 3 - D Planet Earth .
In other words , if you want to heal yourself , start by healing the world .
By striking at the root of the problem , not only can you alleviate your symptoms , you can reverse them , giving your life a newfound sense of vitality , gratitude , exuberance , meaning , and mission .
In this sense , PAEDD can ultimately be a blessing both for you and everyone and everything around you .
As I said before , I am not alone in my struggle , and I am not the only one who has found healing and purpose in the eco-recovery treatment program prescribed above .
The much - maligned fansite , avatar - forums.com , for example , is buzzing with suggestions on how to , in effect , bring about a kind of Pandora on Earth .
One poster on this site suggested joining Greenpeace .
Another announced that he would be writing angry letters to Wall Street and GM and all other corporations who are imperiling the delicate balance of life on this planet .
People have quit smoking , littering , eating meat , playing video games , and watching television .
Entire chat rooms are dedicated to sharing ideas about renewable technologies .
One comment from “ PandoraOnEarth , ” whose moniker pretty much sums up her mission , succinctly highlights both the pain and the promise of PAEDD .
In order to cope with her “ homesickness ” at losing Pandora , “ PandoraOnEarth ” felt it necessary to , in her words ,
devise a plan for implementing Pandora on Earth ; at least those parts of it that appeal to me and are probable …
In this , I can have hope , instead of the hopelessness I felt just after the realisation that Pandora would never be real …
As human beings , we have the power to sculpt our world as we see fit ; for good or bad …
The current social structure of city life and six degrees of separation are not working for us ; we are coming apart at the seams .
I have read over a thousand Avatar - inspired eco-pledges , ranging from the practical to the fanatical ( one zealous fellow claimed that he had traded his bed for a hammock , given up his car for a horse , and galloped about town trying to “ liberate ” the roots of trees from the sidewalk concrete above ) .
One thing all these pledges , diverse as they are , have in common is that they all seem to emanate from a profound re-thinking of the relationship between human beings and nature .
This is because Avatar , rather than simply telling people that they should n’t pollute because it is bad for the planet , shows people , on a visceral , instinctual , primordial level , that they are the planet .
By humanizing nature , Avatar effectively ecologizes humans .
The Truth Will Break Your Heart
“ Pandora on Earth , ” then , is an unquestionably viable project , one that could transform an ailment into a movement .
The energy of such a movement would surge up from the soul and crystallize intellectual anxieties over rising CO2 levels into an existential panic over the murder of Gaia .
However extreme this form of motivation may seem , we are in dire need of exactly this type of radical spiritual ecology .
Environmentalism is failing ; we are failing to heal the planet .
We have the intellect , but we lack something wild and pulsating at the core of our efforts , and this is where the pain of PAEDD could prove itself useful .
Avatar provides what An Inconvenient Truth , for example , does not : wonder , communion , inspiration , romance , reverence , music , mysticism , love , hope , awe .
The truth , however inconvenient it may be , simply does not matter unless it breaks one ’s heart .
This past Monday , Avatar surpassed Titanic ’s longstanding international box office record , making Avatar the highest - grossing film of all time .
For a movie with such a progressive environmental ( not to mention anti-imperial and anti-corporate ) message to achieve this kind of universal popularity is remarkable .
Any explanation as to how a mainstream Hollywood mega - blockbuster could radicalize the eco-consciousnesses of scores of people who seem to have had little previous interest in the praxis of deep ecology or neo-tribalism must go beyond the observation the film was merely “ visually interesting . ”
One could easily deconstruct Avatar to bits , but as our planet hums its own elegy beneath our feet , and as our failed politicians come home from climate summit after summit with empty hands , is this really how we want to talk about the most influential ecological parable of our time ?
I hope not .
It is easy to scoff at Avatar and those like me who were so affected by it , but it would be irresponsible to dismiss the cultural force behind the disorder that I only half - jokingly made up .
Avatar is striking hard at a nerve , a nerve that is desperately straining to reconnect itself with the vanishing beauty of the natural world .
There is tremendous energy inside the agony of our estrangement from nature .
After the 3 - D goggles come off , let us harness this energy ; it is the most bountiful of renewable resources , and so long we are capable of imagining that which could be , it is also the most powerful .
The Tomb of the Patriarchs in Hebron has been a flashpoint for decades Israel 's prime minister has announced a controversial plan to add two major religious sites in the West Bank to the country 's national heritage list .
Benjamin Netanyahu told his cabinet the Tomb of the Patriarchs in Hebron and Rachel 's Tomb in Bethlehem would now be included in the $ 107 m restoration plan .
Israeli media said the two sites had been included on the list only after pressure from nationalist ministers .
The Palestinian Authority warned the decision would " wreck " peace efforts .
Negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians have been frozen for more than a year , with the PA refusing to participate until Israel halts settlement building in the West Bank and East Jerusalem .
Israel has scaled back construction in the West Bank , but it does not consider areas within the Jerusalem municipality to be settlements .
' Violation ' Addressing a cabinet meeting , Mr Netanyahu unveiled the two additions to the national heritage list .
He said the Tomb of the Patriarchs and Rachel 's Tomb had to be preserved because they showed Israel 's ancient ties to the land .
The purpose of the list ... is to single out sites that are of great importance to the Jewish people
Mark Regev
Israeli government spokesman " Our existence here does n't just depend on the might of the military or our economic and technological strength , " he added .
" It is anchored first and foremost in our national and emotional legacy . "
The Tomb of the Patriarchs - which Muslims call the al - Ibrahimi mosque - is where the Bible says Abraham , Isaac and Jacob were buried along with three of their wives .
It has been a flashpoint for decades , with 500 Jewish settlers living in enclaves near the disputed site , surrounded by 170,000 Palestinians .
The Tomb of Rachel - a shrine to the Biblical matriarch revered by Jews , Christians , and Muslims - has also been a source of controversy .
Israel 's West Bank barrier juts far into Bethlehem so that the tomb is located on the Israeli side , ostensibly for security reasons .
However , Palestinians say it impedes their access and represents an illegal land grab .
Palestinians have complained they are denied access to Rachel 's Tomb Jewish settlers and nationalists , who oppose giving up control of any of the West Bank , said they were pleased with Mr Netanyahu 's announcement and that they would press for additional biblical sites to be added to the list .
A spokesman for the Palestinian Authority condemned the decision , particularly the designation of the Tomb of the Patriarchs , and warned it could take the Israeli - Palestinian conflict in a dangerous direction .
" We believe that this particular violation is very dangerous because it might add to the religious nature of the conflict , " Ghassan Khatib told the Associated Press .
But Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev said the list was not meant to draw borders ahead of a final status agreement .
" The purpose of the list ... is to single out sites that are of great importance to the Jewish people , " he said .
Close to 500,000
Jews live in more than 100 settlements built since Israel 's 1967 occupation of the West Bank and Arab East Jerusalem .
They are illegal under international law , though Israel disputes this .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Home Announcement : Gnocl Release 0.9.96
Now Available For Download
The first release increment for almost in over 18 months heralds a host of new and enhanced functionality within the Gnocl command set plus a number bug fixes .
Here 's a brief overview .
New Widgets
gnocl :: aspectFrame
gnocl : :dial
gnocl : : fixed
gnocl::iconView
gnocl::infoBar
gnocl :: layout
gnocl::menuRecentChooser
gnocl::recentManager
gnocl : : spinner
gnocl :: tickerTape
New Commands
gnocl: :exec
gnocl : : fileFilter gnocl :: font
gnocl::getStyle
gnocl :: keyFile
gnocl : : pointer
gnocl :: screenshot
gnocl :: showURI
gnocl :: snapshot
gnocl :: sound
gnocl::statusIcon
gnocl::stockItems
Many new options and sub-commands
for these objects
gnocl :: calendar
gnocl ::drawingArea
gnocl :: eventBox
gnocl:: fileChooser
gnocl::fileChooserButton
gnocl::folderChooserButton
gnocl :: list
gnocl:: menuItem
gnocl :: notebook
gnocl : : print
gnocl::radioButton
gnocl : : text
gnocl : : textBuffer
gnocl::toggleButtton
gnocl :: toolbar
gnocl :: tree
gnocl::volumeButton
gnocl : : window
gnocl : : winfo
Major Areas of New Functionality
Implementation of undo/redo for text widget and word - wrapping for gnocl : : tree / gnocl : : list column text .
Get the latest release from SourceForge !
Gnocl Development Blogs
We live in a connected world , messages take seconds to bounce around the world and , lets face it , it 's as easy to talk to web buddy in Karachi as it is to call across the house the one 's spouse in the kitchen .
We 've become familiar with chat , familiar with getting regular feedback on whatever 's happening out there .
Miss - out of the latest gossip and there 's a fair chance that interest will be lost .
Hence the Gnocl development blog .
If you 're like me , th en as you code away you 'll have notebooks , lots of them with jottings and ideas scribbled down .
So many jottings that , lets face it , they 're lost .
The idea of creating a Gnocl blog then , is not just to promote interest in Gnocl , but also to keep together some ideas and code snippets that are being worked on at the time .
Blogspot provides a convenient place to to this , its possibly entertaining too , in a geeky sort of way .
If you want to read more , follow this link .....
Gnocl for MS - Windows
Although most widely though of as a * nix development environment , Gtk+ libraries are available for a number of platforms including Microsoft Windows and Apple 's MacOSx .
Many dyed in the wool Tcler 's tend to shy away from the idea of using anything other that Tk for UI development .
Well , now 's the chance for them to try the latest and stable development release of Gnocl and they do n't even need to download dependencies and compile the sources - oh you lucky people !
Following this link for more !
Gnocl for MacOSx ?
Can it be true ?
The lack of cross platform support has been a criticism often made against Gnocl but , things are about to change .
Already development versions of the the Mac ready Gnocl core package and its complementary package GnoclMacOSX are available for download thanks to the hard efforts of Mac / Tcl developer Zbigniew Diaczyszyn .
Making the cross-over from Linux desktop to Snow Leopard has not been easy as Zbigniew will confirm .
The major difference between the Gtk and Mac UI design is the issue of menu bars .
These have to be handled somewhat differently in order to get that ' authentic Mac look ' .
In fact , this is why Mac options are handled in a specific , unique package .
They can be developed independently of the main Gnocl core giving branch developers the freedom they need to create exciting new platform specific extensions .
To read more , check out the GnoclMacOSX web - site .
The U.S. could add hundreds of thousands of jobs if Congress requires that part of the nation 's electricity be derived from renewable sources , according to a study released Feb .
4 .
The U.S. could add hundreds of thousands of jobs if Congress requires that part of the nation 's electricity be derived from renewable sources , according to a study released Feb .
4 .
The study , by Navigant Consulting , said a renewable - energy standard requiring utilities to produce between 20 percent and 25 percent of their energy from wind , solar and other renewable sources would create between 191,000 and 274,000 jobs .
More than half would be high - value manufacturing jobs that could help the U.S. boost exports and develop an advantage in technological innovation , said Navigant , a business consultancy that conducted the study for the RES Alliance for Jobs , a consortium of renewable - energy companies .
Absent such a federal mandate , the study found , many states would lose renewable - energy jobs in coming years and some industries , such as biomass , could collapse altogether .
As natural gas prices decline , renewable energy is less competitive against conventional sources of power generation .
A renewable - energy standard is receiving more attention now that federal climate - change legislation has stumbled .
The Waxman - Markey bill , passed by the House of Representatives in June , included a requirement that 20 percent of U.S. energy come from renewables by 2020 .
Some environmental and renewable - energy groups are lobbying for such provisions in a separate jobs bill .
Pennsylvania Gov. Edward Rendell this week urged a group of business leaders to support a federal renewable standard , characterizing it as critical to U.S. efforts to compete with China , which has become the largest exporter of equipment to generate solar and wind power .
China is devoting more than $ 200 billion to clean energy in its economic - stimulus package .
Rendell urged business leaders to agitate for a renewable - energy standard .
" Mandates are what will create the market , " he said .
Speaking before the same gathering , a conference organized by the Brookings Institution think tank and investment bank Lazard , California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said the federal government can learn from the experience of states that are tackling climate change through their own renewable - energy standards .
California has set a goal of obtaining 33 percent of its power from renewable sources by 2020 , from about 13 percent now .
" We do n't mind being the laboratory for the federal government , " Schwarzenegger said .
Bruce Katz , director of Brookings 's Metropolitan Policy Program , said " the transition to a low - carbon economy is fundamentally about markets " and who will dominate them .
The states that would benefit most from a renewable - energy standard are those that already impose targets on their utilities such as California , Pennsylvania , Texas , Colorado and Florida .
« BehindTheMedspeak : World 's first live - Tweeted surgery | Home | TypePad Follies — Week II »
January 20 , 2009
Noodle Eater Hair Guard
Beyond sublime .
[ via Sava 's Place , Foolish Gadgets and J - Walk Blog ]
January 20 , 2009 at 01:01 PM | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d8341c5dea53ef010536dba0a7970b
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Noodle Eater Hair Guard :
Comments
Yet MORE migraine aura inspiration !
Like the " fortification spectrum " jagged outline , except her face would be obliterated by the scotoma .
( See # 9 in slideshow ) :
http://www.nytimes.com/slideshow/2008/02/28/opinion/20080222_MIGRAINE_SLIDESHOW_2.html
I wonder , though -- is the idea to protect the hair from the noodles , or the noodles from the hair ?
Posted by : Flautist | Jan 21 , 2009 12:29:19 AM
brilliant .
just brilliant .
Posted by : erin | Jan 20 , 2009 10:22:24 PM
I love these things .
Search Google images for Chindogu .
The
toilet paper holder you wear like a hat is probably my favorite .
Posted by : Ray | Jan 20 , 2009 2:05:46 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
Can you be fooled ?
In each of the following photos try to guess which member of the couple is a girl and which is a guy .
There are 6 pairs .
Look closely , then pick left or right to identify the guy .
The correct answers are at the bottom .
Answer :
It was a trick question …. all of them are guys .
These pictures are taken from the MissLadyboy Pageant in Thailand .
Britain last night fired the first shot in a potentially explosive diplomatic row with Israel by calling in the country 's ambassador to explain the use of faked British passports by a hit squad who targeted a Hamas official in Dubai .
The Israeli ambassador has been summoned to the Foreign Office to " share information " about the assassins ' use of identities stolen from six British citizens living in Israel , as part of the meticulously orchestrated assassination of Mahmoud al - Mabhouh .
Britain has stopped short of accusing Israel of involvement , but to signal its displeasure , the Foreign Office ignored an Israeli plea to keep the summons secret .
" Relations were in the freezer before this .
They are in the deep freeze now , " an official told the Guardian .
Gordon Brown yesterday launched an investigation into the use of the fake passports , which will be led by the Serious Organised Crime Agency ( Soca ) .
The British embassy in Tel Aviv is also contacting the British nationals affected in the plot , " and stands ready to provide them with the support that they need " , the Foreign Office said in a statement last night .
" The British passport is an important part of being British and we have to make sure everything is done to protect it , " Brown told LBC Radio yesterday .
Israel 's foreign minister , Avigdor Lieberman , insisted there was no proof that the Mossad was involved in Mabhouh 's killing in a Dubai hotel last month , but added that Israel had a " policy of ambiguity " on intelligence matters .
However , there were calls in Israel for an internal government inquiry into whether the Mossad was responsible for identity theft from dual nationals , and criticism of its chief , Meir Dagan , for what critics described as a clumsy operation that risked alienating European allies .
" What began as a heart attack turned out to be an assassination , which led to a probe , which turned into the current passport affair , " a columnist , Yoav Limor , wrote in Israel Hayom , a pro-government newspaper .
" It is doubtful whether this is the end of the affair . "
Israel 's ambassador to London , Ron Prosor , will meet Peter Ricketts , head of the diplomatic service and the permanent under-secretary at the Foreign Office .
Yesterday more details emerged about the assassination plot :
• The Guardian learned that a key Hamas security official is under arrest in Syria on suspicion of having helped the assassins identify Mabhouh as their target .
• Reports that the hit squad could have been bigger than the 11 suspects named by the Dubai police appear to have been confirmed by surveillance pictures showing other possible accomplices , including a second woman .
• Authorities in Vienna have begun an investigation into whether Austria was used as a logistical hub for the operation , after seven of the mobile phones used by the killers had Austrian SIM cards .
• Three of the killers entered Dubai with forged Irish passports that had numbers lifted from legitimate travel documents .
It is not the first British - Israeli row over the misuse of British passports .
British officials are particularly angry because the Israeli government pledged that there would be no repeat of an incident in 1987 , in which Mossad agents acquired and tampered with British passports .
Lieberman said he believed that relations with Britain would not be damaged .
" I think Britain recognises that Israel is a responsible country and that our security activity is conducted according to very clear , cautious and responsible rules of the game .
Therefore we have no cause for concern , " he said .
However , the former Liberal Democrat leader Sir Menzies Campbell , a member of the Commons foreign affairs committee , welcomed the decision to confront the Israeli government directly .
He said : " If the Israeli government was party to behaviour of this kind it would be a serious violation of trust between nations . "
France yesterday also claimed that the French passport used by one of the assassins had been forged .
A source close to the French intelligence services told Reuters a French passport which Dubai said had been used in the operation had a valid number but incorrect name .
" It was a very good fake , " the source said .
Hamas , meanwhile , vowed vengeance for Mabhouh 's assassination .
At a memorial rally in Gaza , Hamas militants vowed that the movement 's armed wing , Izz -el Deen al - Qassam , " will never rest until they reach his killers " .
The UK's Industrial Design Consultancy has developed a new motorcycle helmet with somewhat gruesome - sounding biomimetic influences :
The outer shell of the helmet mimics the action of skin stretched over a skull , which is to say , the outer layer can move and stretch across the surface of the harder inner layer upon impact .
Why ?
Managing director of IDC , Stephen Knowles , explains , " Traditionally , motorcycle helmets have been rigid in design .
We needed to introduce a dynamic element of movement to dramatically reduce the rotational impact which often causes life - threatening injuries .
On impact , the outer membrane is able to stretch and slide over the main helmet shell to prevent these dangerous rotational forces being transmitted to the head and brain .
... The revolutionary product design required careful selection of materials .
A strong synthetic sits on top of the gel - like lubricant to form a protective layer across the surface of the helmet .
State - of - the - art vacuum casting was used to create prototypes and the materials tested for resistance and strength .
The chosen synthetic stretched up to eight times its original length .
Called the SuperSkin , the helmet may not look like much in the photo above , but the outer membrane can apparently be painted in patterns and designs as well as a regular helmet casing .
Lazer Helmets will begin selling the SuperSkin this summer .
There has been a lot of buzz surrounding a site throughout the week .
If you were one of the curious people who visited rockstargames.com / v earlier , then you might have been welcomed with a file download .
The site does not seem to be active anymore though .
The contents of the file seemed too random to connect to the GTA series , but someone on the gtaforums believes the video is connected to the fictional film shown below .
If you recall there was a message on page 13 of the Episodes From Liberty City saying “ Liberty City , it ’s over ! ” which was followed by “ Next Stop . ”
Next to those words was a small torn piece revealing the word “ Seagull ” .
Fans of the series might remember that you were able to snipe seagulls in Vice City and San Andreas .
Since the plane ticket that surfaced for Niko Bellic a while back showing his destination as San Andreas let ’s assume that is the location .
Anyone who has played Episodes From Liberty City may have also noticed that the pigeons Niko had to shoot have been replaced by seagulls for Johnny and Luis .
Another important item to point out is that the message in the manual said it would be opening in March .
We are almost entering March and the hints towards GTA V’s announcement keep piling up .
It seems we wo n’t have to wait much longer for our answer .
Check back frequently for updates as we receive them and leave comments below if you have your own interpretation of this information .
Washington ( CNN ) --
The fight over health care reform burst back into public view Tuesday as four Democratic senators asked Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid to hold a vote on a government - run public insurance option .
Most observers have considered the public option -- an idea long favored by liberal Democrats -- to be a non-starter since it was dropped from a Senate reform bill passed in December .
But Sens. Michael Bennet of Colorado , Kirsten Gillibrand of New York , Jeff Merkley of Oregon , and Sherrod Brown of Ohio signed a letter urging Reid , D - Nevada , to hold a vote on the proposal under a rule known as a reconciliation , which would allow the measure to pass with only 51 votes -- a simple majority .
The letter was co-signed by 119 Democrats in the House of Representatives .
Liberal groups MoveOn.org , the Progressive Change Campaign Committee , Democracy for America , and Credo Action are pushing other Democratic senators to sign the letter as well .
Health care reform has long been considered President Obama 's top domestic priority .
Democrats , however , have been struggling to reach agreement on how best to pass a bill since Massachusetts GOP Sen .
Scott Brown 's upset victory last month in the race to fill the seat formerly held by Sen .
Ted Kennedy .
Brown 's win stripped Democrats of their 60 - seat Senate supermajority and gave Republicans enough votes to block most legislation .
" We respectfully ask that you bring for a vote before the full Senate a public health insurance option under budget reconciliation rules , " the letter states .
" There are four fundamental reasons why we support this approach -- its potential for billions of dollars in cost savings ; the growing need to increase competition and lower costs for the consumer ; the history of using reconciliation for significant pieces of health care legislation ; and the continued public support for a public option . "
Use of reconciliation is limited to legislation affecting the budget and therefore could apply only to certain elements of the health care reform agenda .
Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus , D - Montana , told CNN in January that he thinks reconciliation will ultimately be necessary to pass a health care bill in the chamber .
However , multiple Democratic aides have warned that using the controversial maneuver would take time and evoke criticism of relying on a procedural trick to pass a bill .
" It looks too partisan , " said Rep. Gerry Connolly , a freshman Democrat from Virginia .
Democratic Rep. Earl Pomeroy of North Dakota likened the move to " legislative trickery . "
Proponents argue there is a precedent for using reconciliation , noting that it was recently used to pass measures such as an expansion of the Children 's Health Insurance Program .
A number of conservative Democrats are urging Obama to craft a more narrowly tailored health care bill -- excluding a public option -- that can win at least some bipartisan support .
Increasingly frustrated liberals argue it is pointless to pursue negotiations with what they characterize as an ideologically rigid GOP minority determined to block every White House initiative for short - term political gain .
Obama is scheduled to hold a televised health care summit with Republican leaders on February 25 .
The president has said the talks should involve true give - and - take negotiations as opposed to mere " political theater . "
Obama said last week he wants the meeting -- which also will include health care experts -- to " establish some common facts " on the health care issue and reach agreement on the most pressing health care problems facing the country .
To signal his willingness to compromise , Obama said he would consider a Republican push to include limits on medical malpractice lawsuits in a health care bill if the proposal can be shown to truly reduce overall health care costs .
However , Obama said bipartisanship on health care reform cannot mean only that " Democrats give up everything they believe in . "
" Bipartisanship depends on a willingness among both Democrats and Republicans to put aside matters of party for the good of the country , " he said .
Obama has not yet given any public indication he is prepared to make a renewed push for a public option .
GOP congressional leaders have repeatedly said health care legislation already passed by the Senate and the House of Representatives should be completely scrapped .
" What we need to do is start over , go step - by - step on a truly bipartisan basis to try to reach an agreement , " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R- Kentucky , recently told reporters .
" My members are open to doing that . "
Police questioned an amateur photographer under anti-terrorist legislation and later arrested him , claiming pictures he was taking in a Lancashire town were " suspicious " and constituted " antisocial behaviour " .
Footage recorded on a video camera by Bob Patefield , a former paramedic , shows how police approached him and a fellow photography enthusiast in Accrington town centre .
They were told they were being questioned under the Terrorism Act .
Senior police officers last year promised to scale back the use of anti-terrorist legislation such as Section 44 of the act , which deals with photographers , after a series of high - profile cases in which photographers said they had been harassed by police for taking innocuous images in the street .
Patefield and his friend declined to give their details , as they are entitled to under the act .
The police then appeared to change tack , saying the way the men were taking images constituted " antisocial behaviour " .
Patefield , who is in his 40s , was stopped three times before finally being arrested .
He and his friend were taking photographs of Christmas festivities on 19 December , after attending a photography exhibition .
The last images on his camera before he was stopped show a picture of a Santa Claus , people in fancy dress and a pipe band marching through the town .
He turned on his video camera the moment he was approached by a police community support officer ( PCSO ) .
In the footage , she said : " Because of the Terrorism Act and everything in the country , we need to get everyone 's details who is taking pictures of the town . "
Patefield declined to give his details and , after asking if he was free to go , walked away .
However the PCSO and a police officer stopped the men in another part of the town .
This time , the police officer repeatedly asked him to stop filming her and said his photography was " suspicious " and " possibly antisocial " .
Patefield asked if the officer had any " reasonable , articulable suspicion " to justify him giving his details .
She replied : " I believe your behaviour was quite suspicious in the manner in which you were taking photographs in the town centre … I 'm suspicious in why you were taking those pictures .
" I'm an officer of the law , and I 'm requiring you , because I believe your behaviour to be of a suspicious nature , and of possibly antisocial [ nature ] …
I can take your details just to ascertain that everything is OK . "
Patefield and his friend maintained that they did not want to disclose their details .
They were stopped a third and final time when returning to their car .
This time the officer was accompanied by an acting sergeant .
" Under law , fine , we can ask for your details – we 've got no powers , " he said .
" However , due to the fact that we believe you were involved in antisocial behaviour , ie taking photographs … then we do have a power under [ the Police Reform Act ] to ask for your name and address , and for you to provide it .
If you do n't , then you may be arrested . "
There is a section of that act that compels a member of the public to give their details if a police officer suspects them of antisocial activity .
The sergeant also alluded to complaints from the public and , turning to Patefield , added : " I 'm led to believe you 've got a bit of insight into the law .
Do you work in the field ? "
Patefield was arrested for refusing to give his details , while his friend , who gave in , walked free .
Patefield was held for eight hours and released without charge .
In a statement , Lancashire police said they and members of the public were " concerned about the way in which [ Patefield ] was using his camera " .
It said police felt they had " no choice " but to arrest him because he was refusing to co-operate .
The ' magic ' for want of a better word that makes this happen is triggers .
This is a feature of high - end database systems like Oracle , SQL Server and MySQL that causes program code to execute via the ordinary creating , updating or deleting of data that typically occurs .
Triggers are implemented at the database layer and fired off by the database engine itself .
This means you do not need to modify the code within your front - end application that the users see .
This is particularly important and beneficial when the program code is not in your control anyhow , like a third - party application .
It is also of value when you have multiple interfaces to your data - perhaps via a web app , a fat - client app and a mobile app - whether you can maintain the source code or not .
In this case , the trigger can be created within the database and applies no matter how the user is working .
There are , of course , some catches .
I 'll describe these on page two , and then give working T - SQL trigger code on page three to illustrate .
If the database is from a third - party application then you must be careful to maintain compatibility with version updates .
A well - written trigger will be invisible to anyone using the software but a malformed trigger will interfere with its regular operation by causing operations to fail or throw errors .
Additionally , you must consider possible performance hits .
A trigger will be activated each and every time something is changed in the specific database table you are targeting .
If that table is frequently written to or updated then you are firing many , many triggers , each with its own small grab at the CPU .
If you wish an alert to be raised immediately when certain database changes occur then a trigger is for you ; however , if you only want ( say ) a daily report indicating what has changed then there are other means of achieving this which can be implemented to execute out of working hours .
Over the page is a simple trigger implemented in Microsoft 's SQL Server T - SQL language .
The principles are identical for other enterprise databases though the syntax will vary .
In this example , we wish to be notified whenever a new record is inserted into the PurchaseOrders table , or whenever an existing record is modified .
We create a trigger using the T - SQL ' create trigger ' command , specifying both the table to monitor ( PurchaseOrders ) and the actions that cause it to fire ( insert , update ) .
Within the program code we have access to a special table called inserted - this can be queried to divulge precisely what the new or changed data is .
Similarly , a trigger that fires whenever data is deleted has access to a special table called deleted .
Within the trigger code we extract fields from table inserted , construct a message and then send this via e-mail using SQL Server 's msdb.dbo.sp_send_dbmail stored procedure .
Note that in the below code it is assumed that only one row is modified at a time , which is typically the case when operating an application .
However , if an administrator performed a bulk UPDATE command then the trigger would break because each of the SELECTs from table inserted would return multiple values .
You will need to test your trigger against thorough test cases to ensure it is not going to break in production , but despite this the power it offers in instantaneous alerting , plus auditing of modifications , is unparalleled .
Copyright© Blenzor India .
All Right Reserved | Website Design by Om Sai Infotech
About The Author Steven Snell is a Web designer and blogger .
In addition to maintaining his own blog and writing for a number of other top design blogs , he also manages an … More about Steven Snell …
Group Interview : Expert Advice For Students and Young Web Designers
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Our readers have requested that Smashing Magazine conduct an interview with industry leaders on issues that are relevant to students and those just starting off in their design career .
_With the help of our panel of 16 designers , we ’ll dispense advice that should help new designers get their career off to a promising start .
We ’ve asked a few different questions to each of the designers ; you ’ll see all of their responses below .
Our readers have requested that Smashing Magazine conduct an interview with industry leaders
on issues that are relevant to students and those just starting off in their design career .
With the help of our panel of 16 designers , we ’ll dispense advice that should help new designers get their career off to a promising start .
We ’ve asked a few different questions to each of the designers ; you ’ll see all of their responses below .
First , here is a list of the designers who participated .
You may be interested in the following related posts :
1 . For students who aspire to work in design , what would you recommend they study ?
David Leggett
Finding a good university - level design program that interests you will greatly increase your chance of finding awesome opportunities down the road , but it ’s very beneficial to get experience before and outside
of the education system .
Find projects to help with , start your own , read up and apply as much as you can as you ’re learning on the side .
The extra experience will never hurt , and at the very least you ’ll get to see if design is something you really enjoy .
Just to clarify , I have never taken any higher education courses in design , but I know the knowledge you get in that environment is valuable , as I ’m sure others will suggest .
Wolfgang Bartelme
Well , I guess the most important thing is “ practice , practice , practice
. ” To improve the quality of your work , you have to keep pushing yourself further and further .
By the way , many great artists are self - taught .
But I ’m also convinced that a profound education will sharpen your skills and help you be able to judge why and how certain designs work .
Personally , I studied “ Information Design ” at the University of Applied Science in Graz , focusing on all different aspects of design : print and advertising , exhibitions , Web design , usability , photography and film — thus giving students a wide range of knowledge , and making them more generalists than specialists .
2 . How does a student determine whether design is for them or they should pursue another career ?
Jacob Gube
This is a question you have to ask yourself .
There are n’t any set rules or algorithms to determine whether you should be a designer .
The important thing is to have passion
for the work .
Even mediocre designers will be able to sustain themselves , but they ’ll have to work extra hard to compete with more talented and experienced designers .
So , it all boils down to how much you want to be a designer and how much you ’re willing to work at it and push forward .
I wo n’t sugar - coat the current situation : the truth is that the industry is saturated , and there are a lot more designers than jobs , so you have to be sure that this is the profession you want to invest your time in .
Henry Jones
I think it ’s all about passion
.
If you find yourself up late at night working on design projects just for the fun of it , then that ’s a good sign that design is right for you .
I think one of the worst situations in life is hating what you do .
Loving what you do means you ’ll probably be doing it and thinking about it even outside of class or when you ’re not being paid to do it .
You ’ll constantly be honing your skills and staying on top of the latest technologies , which is very important for designers .
David Leggett
Everyone has a unique situation , and I do n’t mean to suggest the following is always true : if you ’re already a student at a university and have no outside experience , it may be difficult to really pursue a career in design .
I say this only because personal friends of mine have struggled to find jobs in this current economic climate .
Experience and something to show for your knowledge goes a long way .
Otherwise , be sure you truly enjoy
whatever you decide to pursue .
Many designers and artists I ’ve met thoroughly enjoy their lifestyles , even when they ’re struggling to find work .
This is not to say that you should undervalue your work , but if you can enjoy your career when you ’re not making money , then it ’s probably a good match for you .
Wolfgang Bartelme
First and foremost , designing stuff has to be fun you have to love what you do .
If that ’s not the case , look for something else .
Secondly , you should , of course , have a decent measure of talent and imagination .
Even though you will learn many skill in the course of your studies , without talent and imagination your work will be at best mediocre .
Chris Spooner
As with any career , if you ’re passionate
about the subject , you ’re set to succeed .
Careers in the design industry can seem exciting ; after all , all you do is sit and color things in all day , right ?
I think this draws in a lot of people who maybe have n’t been particularly creative in the past and see the career as easy .
This type of person might then find it difficult to be motivated to learn the required skills and to continue developing those skills throughout their career .
That ’s not to say that if you ’ve were n’t a creative child , you ca n’t pursue a career in design .
We all stumble across different interests throughout our lives , so as long as you feel you have a passion for design , go for it !
3 . How do you balance education and work ?
Zach Dunn
By my last estimate , I spend about 3 to 4 hours on client work for every 1 hour of academic work .
I generally learn specialized skills more from client work than from academics .
It ’s easy to get caught up in client work and blogging .
The hard part is making sure you do n’t lose touch with the world around you .
Interacting with clients and blog community members is certainly social , but you need to take a break and interact with “ regular college students ” from time to time .
I consider it like mental detox .
I ’m convinced you must put in extra time on personal projects to truly become competent in the Web design industry .
Going through the motions during class and homework hours only leaves you behind .
The Internet moves faster than any standard academic schedule .
Keeping current and practiced is up to you .
Jacob Cass
Finding the right balance between family , friends , work and all of life ’s other misdemeanors will always be a challenge , no matter what your career .
You must set priorities
and goals relative to what you want to achieve and get out of life .
Although I have now finished studying ( officially ) , I could say that my biggest challenge then was finding enough time to give high - quality attention to all projects , whether they were educational , personal or for paying customers .
At times , I found this nearly impossible , and to be honest a lot of my university and personal work suffered from my commitments to paying customers .
In saying this , I guess a lot of it comes down to having priorities , goals and good time management .
4 . How did work outside your studies prepare you for your career ?
Zach Dunn
Almost all of our “ career ” success so far has been a direct result of work done outside of studies .
College is a great incubator for a number of things other than academics .
I value school for reasons that are different than those of the average person .
College has helped me socially .
Sam recently wrote an article that does a great job of explaining more about our college philosophy in relation to Web design , titled The Role of College for Web Designers
. Certain career paths cannot start before graduation date .
Lawyers , for example , ca n’t have hobby clients while putting themselves through school : it ’s all or nothing .
Web design is n’t limited by credentials for entry .
Web design is largely portfolio - based .
When ’s the last time a client was more interested in your GPA than in your previous client work ?
In this industry , we have the luxury of starting early .
I like to take advantage of that .
I do n’t know what the future holds for Sam and me , but I ’m confident that at least some of the projects we start today will have some role in it .
Jacob Cass
To be honest , I learned more in six months of blogging and following other people ’s blogs , than studying for three full years at university .
Doing extra work outside
of the education system is vital .
5 . What should students and new designers focus on outside of their course work to advance in their careers ?
Brian Hoff
Students should definitely consider taking many business classes , especially if they want to go freelance or start their own studio one day .
I ’ve always been passionate enough about design to teach myself , but I wish I took more business and marketing classes .
Also , I would recommend collecting designs .
Having resources of inspiration and also an idea of good design is essential .
I take photos of many types , colors , designs , etc. as I pass them by , and I use LittleSnapper to organize online media .
Being a graphic designer is non -stop learning .
Here ’s an article I wrote that covers more : 16 Tips to Improve as a Graphic Designer
.
Chris Coyier
No individual program is going to cover every single angle of design , especially the most modern technological stuff .
Because you are already reading Smashing Magazine , you probably already have a good grasp of what ’s going on in modern design .
Reading and following tutorials and doing your own experimental projects on the side will definitely help you excel .
That being said , your whole life does n’t have to revolve around career enhancement .
A well - rounded
life will serve you well .
Perhaps some of your other hobbies could benefit from your design talent .
I have a friend who used to build coffee tables and decorate the surfaces with patterns of partially burnt matches .
If he were looking for a design job , I would absolutely tell him to put that stuff onto an online portfolio .
Elliot Jay Stocks
Build your portfolio .
Do free websites for your mates ’ bands or your Mum ’s friend ’s wool shop .
It might not be glamorous work , but doing as much as you can builds up your portfolio , and you ’ll learn loads on every project .
When I left university and got my first job , my portfolio was made up almost entirely of stuff I ’d done on an extracurricular basis , not really the course work itself .
But also do n’t forget that it ’s about quality
, not quantity , and a good portfolio strikes a balance between variety ( showing that you ’re versatile ) and continuity ( showing that you have your own identity as a designer ) .
Walter Apai
It ’s important to expand your knowledge to any areas that are related to design .
Most design courses concentrate on the basics or on how to use the various pieces of software that are available .
These are just basic tools for new designers , but they wo n’t make you a great designer .
Learn about art , layout and composition , and try to read at least one new book on design every month , or even one per week .
Subscribe to design blogs such as Smashing Magazine and Webdesigner Depot , and never stop learning .
Keep updating your knowledge whenever possible by attending conferences , reading books and magazines and becoming involved in the local artistic community .
Try to become a well - rounded designer , not just an operator of Photoshop or another design software tool .
George Lois , the real - life inspiration for Don Draper in Mad Men , said it best :
“ The computer has played a role in destroying creativity with Photoshop .
Everybody thinks they ’re a designer . ”
While he may be generalizing a bit , I believe what is meant is that you ca n’t be a proper designer without understanding the
of art and design .
Jacob Gube
When I was a college student , what truly helped me in my career was proactively
attempting to get real - world experience by doing freelance work , part time .
The purpose was two - fold : to see what it was like to work with the kind of people who would become your employers once you were out of school , and to apply what you learned in class , which reinforces your education and helps you understand it hands on .
You might even end up with a few portfolio pieces to show employers once you ’re on the job hunt — and some money to buy those expensive classroom textbooks .
6 . What one thing do you wish you knew before starting your career ?
Darren Hoyt
Being in touch with my limitations and skills .
The first few years of designing for the Web ( 1998 to 2001 ) , I knew being cross - trained was important , so I built my skills in design and front - end code ( HTML , CSS ) equally .
But then I made the mistake of thinking that , if I was to become a more complete designer and developer , I should learn Perl , Flash and Unix commands , too .
I sucked at all of those things and kept sucking until they asked me to stop .
Deep down , I knew I was n’t wired for any of that stuff .
And more importantly , I was n’t actually interested in it , not compared to design anyway .
Employers do value someone who is cross- trained , but not if the results are mediocre .
David Leggett
Pleasing everyone is nearly impossible
.
Be friendly to those who enjoy your work and friendlier to those who attack it .
Jacob Gube
I wished I had realized that quality
is more important than quantity .
When I started out , I focused on low - cost , high - quantity jobs , which resulted in late hours , not enough pay and nothing really that I could be proud to put in my portfolio .
I wanted to work with as many people and on as many projects as I could to jumpstart my experience and resume .
But the Project Triangle principle applies here : I did it fast and cheap , and so the outcomes were n’t good .
If I had slowed down and focused on getting gigs that were interesting and better quality , I would have progressed more fruitfully .
Paul Boag
That constraints
are good .
As a Web design student , I was given endless freedom to design how I wanted and what I wanted .
However , the real world is not like that .
When I joined IBM out of university , my first job was to design 8 - bit icons .
Very restrictive indeed .
When I started on the Web , it allowed only gray backgrounds and text that was justified left , right or centred .
The first time I worked on a multimedia CD , it was capable of running video at only 160 x 120 pixels .
At the time , this frustrated me massively .
However , in hindsight it was enormously beneficial .
It pushed me creatively , and it has also given me a lot more patience with the peculiarities of browsers such as IE6 .
7 . What job search advice do you have for recent graduates ?
Soh Tanaka
First and foremost , get your portfolio up , and make sure it represents your best work .
If you lack work samples , start creating projects for yourself ( websites for your hobbies , your family or for friends ) .
As a new grad , you need to prove that you are serious and willing ; the best way to get that message across is through a robust portfolio .
Secondly , hit the job boards , and send your resumes and cover letters to companies you would like to work for .
Doing research and tailoring each cover letter and resume to the company is important .
Stick to the job requirements , and follow directions carefully .
These employers receive many applications daily , and nothing is worse than seeing a bland and generic introduction to who you are and what you offer .
Stand out from the rest .
Thirdly , keep your networks
open , and make yourself known !
Networking is key .
Darren Hoyt
Obviously , scour the online job boards ( Authentic Jobs , 37 Signals , Coroflot ) , but also follow the blogs and Twitter feeds of Web designers who you respect .
Studying their methods will give you a clearer picture of the sort of designer you want to be .
If you need advice , trying dropping them an email .
But remember that not everyone has the free time to answer .
Truthfully , most designers I know did n’t get their job by applying cold to an agency they knew nothing about .
Instead , they slowly made relationships
with like - minded people until they began to see opportunities and get offers .
But I would stress , do n’t “ network ” compulsively .
It can look obvious and obnoxious and make you look needy .
Instead , make connections with people you actually think you share interests with , people you could imagine being colleagues and friends , rather than business contacts .
The rewards are much greater .
Chris Coyier
Nobody will hire you because you say you have skills .
You ’ll have to demonstrate your skills , so either work on your current personal website or start building one .
Use the website as a portfolio and resume to send to companies .
Send it both to companies that say they are hiring and to ones that do n’t .
Just because a Web company does n’t hang a “ Now hiring ” sign on it door does n’t mean it could n’t use someone .
Pitch them .
A little advice for that portfolio : three awesome designs are better than three awesome and six mediocre designs packed in the same space .
Showcase only your finest work , what you ’re capable of .
Quality
over quantity .
8 . What should new designers consider when deciding between working for an agency and freelancing ?
Elliot Jay Stocks
Jumping straight into freelancing once you ’ve completed your education is really tempting .
I very nearly did that myself .
But I ’m glad I did n’t .
You learn valuable lessons working for someone else first , and it ’s actually much easier because you do n’t have to worry about getting clients for yourself .
So , I would recommend working for someone else before going it alone .
It ’s a great opportunity to build up your portfolio without dealing with any of the boring stuff that goes with freelancing or running your own business .
I wrote a post about this a while ago : Build Your Profile to Get More Freelance Work
.
Soh Tanaka
As a new designer , being at an agency or on a team is great for learning and feeling out the industry .
Though you may not be able to set your own hours or work from home , a steady pay check and health insurance are both welcome during a tough economy .
When choosing the freelance route , have some experience
under your belt , and be ready to be on your own .
The key factor is knowing what your skills are and having discipline .
Freelancing has its ups and downs , and you must be self - motivated and determined to overcome the challenges .
Working from home and setting your own hours is ideal for most , but young designers should consider the requirements and reality before diving in head first .
It may be wise to freelance part time until you build enough confidence and experience and know enough about your strengths and weaknesses to be able to make the right decisions when you strike out on your own .
Chris Spooner
It ’s always worth learning the pros and cons of working for an agency and freelancing , because each has its perks !
Here are a few that spring to mind .
Agency pros :
Working for an agency after your studies can be great for gaining experience in how the industry works and how projects are managed from start to finish .
At an agency , you work with like - minded colleagues , who you can learn from and develop with .
Large agencies often attract big corporations and established brands .
A full - time job guarantees you a monthly wage and set working hours .
Agency cons :
You might get stuck working on projects that you do n’t find interesting or might have to work on something you do n’t agree with .
Agencies sometimes have strict policies , rules and guidelines .
For instance , browsing the Web , checking Facebook or tweeting might get you a slap on the wrist .
Agencies work during the usual 9:00 to 5:00 business hours , so you will have to as well .
Freelance pros :
As a freelancer , you have complete control of the projects you take on and the type of work you do .
You ’re not tied to any particular working hours , so taking a day off is no problem .
If you can generate a consistent flow of projects , it can be much easier to earn a decent wage than you would by working at an agency .
You can work in your pyjamas !
Freelance cons :
You are personally responsible for your own income , a circumstance that can put you at risk .
Freelancers need to be able to manage their time in order to avoid distractions .
I would recommend that new designers first seek out employment , which will give you professional experience with and knowledge of design .
Then you ’ll be able to decide whether you fit better at an agency or working for yourself .
One of the main things to consider before starting out as a freelancer is whether you ’ve generated enough industry experience to be able not only to create designs but to source work , manage multiple projects and communicate with clients .
These other factors definitely come into play when freelancing , so having at least some knowledge
of these processes before diving in is important .
9 . How can students and young designers make themselves more valuable to potential employers ?
Darren Hoyt
Start building a Web presence as early as possible , even before seeking a junior position .
Buy a personal domain and set up a simple portfolio , with an “ About ” page that gives a snapshot of your personality and talents .
If have n’t done client work , do pro bono projects for friends until you have work samples to show .
Displaying them publicly shows that you have pride in your work .
Be concise .
Employers and human resource people are like anyone else : they are busy and have short attention spans .
Do n’t make them dig to find out who you are .
Give your portfolio website just enough text , images and examples to paint an accurate picture .
If you ca n’t give your own content a crisp and concise design , why should employers trust you to do that for clients ?
Also , do n’t exaggerate
the facts when presenting yourself .
Our lives are way too public these days to bother .
More important than bragging or dazzling anyone with half - truths is finding a team whose needs and interests align with your own .
If you get hired under false pretences , you will have wasted everyone ’s time .
Even experienced designers with great portfolios are n’t the right fit , disposition - wise , for every agency they apply to .
Wolfgang Bartelme
As I mentioned before , I ’m a huge fan of the interdisciplinary
approach .
At most companies , you are unlikely to work exclusively in a single field .
In fact , when you do Web design , being able to do some decent - looking icons or cut a simple screencast or promo video is good .
This becomes even more important when you are self - employed .
Moreover , this variety makes and keeps work interesting … at least that ’s the case for me .
Chris Coyier
Just being a nice person and easy
to work with is pretty huge .
I think employers look for that during the interview process , at least as best they can in that short time .
Someone incredibly stiff or stand - offish is unlikely to win the job over someone who is happy and casual .
Design studios , in my experience , are pretty friendly and casual .
Other random advice : become really good at one thing .
You ’ll be a lot more valuable as the guy or girl who knows that one thing really well than as a jack of all trades .
Being well - rounded is awesome , but having a spike of talent in one particular area will serve you well .
. ” To improve the quality of your work , you have to keep pushing yourself further and further .
By the way , many great artists are self - taught .
But I ’m also convinced that a profound education will sharpen your skills and help you be able to judge why and how certain designs work .
Personally , I studied “ Information Design ” at the University of Applied Science in Graz , focusing on all different aspects of design : print and advertising , exhibitions , Web design , usability , photography and film — thus giving students a wide range of knowledge , and making them more generalists than specialists .
2 . How does a student determine whether design is for them or they should pursue another career ?
Jacob Gube
This is a question you have to ask yourself .
There are n’t any set rules or algorithms to determine whether you should be a designer .
The important thing is to have passion
for the work .
Even mediocre designers will be able to sustain themselves , but they ’ll have to work extra hard to compete with more talented and experienced designers .
So , it all boils down to how much you want to be a designer and how much you ’re willing to work at it and push forward .
I wo n’t sugar - coat the current situation : the truth is that the industry is saturated , and there are a lot more designers than jobs , so you have to be sure that this is the profession you want to invest your time in .
Henry Jones
I think it ’s all about passion
.
If you find yourself up late at night working on design projects just for the fun of it , then that ’s a good sign that design is right for you .
I think one of the worst situations in life is hating what you do .
Loving what you do means you ’ll probably be doing it and thinking about it even outside of class or when you ’re not being paid to do it .
You ’ll constantly be honing your skills and staying on top of the latest technologies , which is very important for designers .
David Leggett
Everyone has a unique situation , and I do n’t mean to suggest the following is always true : if you ’re already a student at a university and have no outside experience , it may be difficult to really pursue a career in design .
I say this only because personal friends of mine have struggled to find jobs in this current economic climate .
Experience and something to show for your knowledge goes a long way .
Otherwise , be sure you truly enjoy
whatever you decide to pursue .
Many designers and artists I ’ve met thoroughly enjoy their lifestyles , even when they ’re struggling to find work .
This is not to say that you should undervalue your work , but if you can enjoy your career when you ’re not making money , then it ’s probably a good match for you .
Wolfgang Bartelme
First and foremost , designing stuff has to be fun you have to love what you do .
If that ’s not the case , look for something else .
Secondly , you should , of course , have a decent measure of talent and imagination .
Even though you will learn many skill in the course of your studies , without talent and imagination your work will be at best mediocre .
Chris Spooner
As with any career , if you ’re passionate
about the subject , you ’re set to succeed .
Careers in the design industry can seem exciting ; after all , all you do is sit and color things in all day , right ?
I think this draws in a lot of people who maybe have n’t been particularly creative in the past and see the career as easy .
This type of person might then find it difficult to be motivated to learn the required skills and to continue developing those skills throughout their career .
That ’s not to say that if you ’ve were n’t a creative child , you ca n’t pursue a career in design .
We all stumble across different interests throughout our lives , so as long as you feel you have a passion for design , go for it !
3 . How do you balance education and work ?
Zach Dunn
By my last estimate , I spend about 3 to 4 hours on client work for every 1 hour of academic work .
I generally learn specialized skills more from client work than from academics .
It ’s easy to get caught up in client work and blogging .
The hard part is making sure you do n’t lose touch with the world around you .
Interacting with clients and blog community members is certainly social , but you need to take a break and interact with “ regular college students ” from time to time .
I consider it like mental detox .
I ’m convinced you must put in extra time on personal projects to truly become competent in the Web design industry .
Going through the motions during class and homework hours only leaves you behind .
The Internet moves faster than any standard academic schedule .
Keeping current and practiced is up to you .
Jacob Cass
Finding the right balance between family , friends , work and all of life ’s other misdemeanors will always be a challenge , no matter what your career .
You must set priorities
and goals relative to what you want to achieve and get out of life .
Although I have now finished studying ( officially ) , I could say that my biggest challenge then was finding enough time to give high - quality attention to all projects , whether they were educational , personal or for paying customers .
At times , I found this nearly impossible , and to be honest a lot of my university and personal work suffered from my commitments to paying customers .
In saying this , I guess a lot of it comes down to having priorities , goals and good time management .
4 . How did work outside your studies prepare you for your career ?
Zach Dunn
Almost all of our “ career ” success so far has been a direct result of work done outside of studies .
College is a great incubator for a number of things other than academics .
I value school for reasons that are different than those of the average person .
College has helped me socially .
Sam recently wrote an article that does a great job of explaining more about our college philosophy in relation to Web design , titled The Role of College for Web Designers
. Certain career paths cannot start before graduation date .
Lawyers , for example , ca n’t have hobby clients while putting themselves through school : it ’s all or nothing .
Web design is n’t limited by credentials for entry .
Web design is largely portfolio - based .
When ’s the last time a client was more interested in your GPA than in your previous client work ?
In this industry , we have the luxury of starting early .
I like to take advantage of that .
I do n’t know what the future holds for Sam and me , but I ’m confident that at least some of the projects we start today will have some role in it .
Jacob Cass
To be honest , I learned more in six months of blogging and following other people ’s blogs , than studying for three full years at university .
Doing extra work outside
of the education system is vital .
5 . What should students and new designers focus on outside of their course work to advance in their careers ?
Brian Hoff
Students should definitely consider taking many business classes , especially if they want to go freelance or start their own studio one day .
I ’ve always been passionate enough about design to teach myself , but I wish I took more business and marketing classes .
Also , I would recommend collecting designs .
Having resources of inspiration and also an idea of good design is essential .
I take photos of many types , colors , designs , etc. as I pass them by , and I use LittleSnapper to organize online media .
Being a graphic designer is non -stop learning .
Here ’s an article I wrote that covers more : 16 Tips to Improve as a Graphic Designer
.
Chris Coyier
No individual program is going to cover every single angle of design , especially the most modern technological stuff .
Because you are already reading Smashing Magazine , you probably already have a good grasp of what ’s going on in modern design .
Reading and following tutorials and doing your own experimental projects on the side will definitely help you excel .
That being said , your whole life does n’t have to revolve around career enhancement .
A well - rounded
life will serve you well .
Perhaps some of your other hobbies could benefit from your design talent .
I have a friend who used to build coffee tables and decorate the surfaces with patterns of partially burnt matches .
If he were looking for a design job , I would absolutely tell him to put that stuff onto an online portfolio .
Elliot Jay Stocks
Build your portfolio .
Do free websites for your mates ’ bands or your Mum ’s friend ’s wool shop .
It might not be glamorous work , but doing as much as you can builds up your portfolio , and you ’ll learn loads on every project .
When I left university and got my first job , my portfolio was made up almost entirely of stuff I ’d done on an extracurricular basis , not really the course work itself .
But also do n’t forget that it ’s about quality
, not quantity , and a good portfolio strikes a balance between variety ( showing that you ’re versatile ) and continuity ( showing that you have your own identity as a designer ) .
Walter Apai
It ’s important to expand your knowledge to any areas that are related to design .
Most design courses concentrate on the basics or on how to use the various pieces of software that are available .
These are just basic tools for new designers , but they wo n’t make you a great designer .
Learn about art , layout and composition , and try to read at least one new book on design every month , or even one per week .
Subscribe to design blogs such as Smashing Magazine and Webdesigner Depot , and never stop learning .
Keep updating your knowledge whenever possible by attending conferences , reading books and magazines and becoming involved in the local artistic community .
Try to become a well - rounded designer , not just an operator of Photoshop or another design software tool .
George Lois , the real - life inspiration for Don Draper in Mad Men , said it best :
“ The computer has played a role in destroying creativity with Photoshop .
Everybody thinks they ’re a designer . ”
While he may be generalizing a bit , I believe what is meant is that you ca n’t be a proper designer without understanding the
of art and design .
Jacob Gube
When I was a college student , what truly helped me in my career was proactively
attempting to get real - world experience by doing freelance work , part time .
The purpose was two - fold : to see what it was like to work with the kind of people who would become your employers once you were out of school , and to apply what you learned in class , which reinforces your education and helps you understand it hands on .
You might even end up with a few portfolio pieces to show employers once you ’re on the job hunt — and some money to buy those expensive classroom textbooks .
6 . What one thing do you wish you knew before starting your career ?
Darren Hoyt
Being in touch with my limitations and skills .
The first few years of designing for the Web ( 1998 to 2001 ) , I knew being cross - trained was important , so I built my skills in design and front - end code ( HTML , CSS ) equally .
But then I made the mistake of thinking that , if I was to become a more complete designer and developer , I should learn Perl , Flash and Unix commands , too .
I sucked at all of those things and kept sucking until they asked me to stop .
Deep down , I knew I was n’t wired for any of that stuff .
And more importantly , I was n’t actually interested in it , not compared to design anyway .
Employers do value someone who is cross- trained , but not if the results are mediocre .
David Leggett
Pleasing everyone is nearly impossible
.
Be friendly to those who enjoy your work and friendlier to those who attack it .
Jacob Gube
I wished I had realized that quality
is more important than quantity .
When I started out , I focused on low - cost , high - quantity jobs , which resulted in late hours , not enough pay and nothing really that I could be proud to put in my portfolio .
I wanted to work with as many people and on as many projects as I could to jumpstart my experience and resume .
But the Project Triangle principle applies here : I did it fast and cheap , and so the outcomes were n’t good .
If I had slowed down and focused on getting gigs that were interesting and better quality , I would have progressed more fruitfully .
Paul Boag
That constraints
are good .
As a Web design student , I was given endless freedom to design how I wanted and what I wanted .
However , the real world is not like that .
When I joined IBM out of university , my first job was to design 8 - bit icons .
Very restrictive indeed .
When I started on the Web , it allowed only gray backgrounds and text that was justified left , right or centred .
The first time I worked on a multimedia CD , it was capable of running video at only 160 x 120 pixels .
At the time , this frustrated me massively .
However , in hindsight it was enormously beneficial .
It pushed me creatively , and it has also given me a lot more patience with the peculiarities of browsers such as IE6 .
7 . What job search advice do you have for recent graduates ?
Soh Tanaka
First and foremost , get your portfolio up , and make sure it represents your best work .
If you lack work samples , start creating projects for yourself ( websites for your hobbies , your family or for friends ) .
As a new grad , you need to prove that you are serious and willing ; the best way to get that message across is through a robust portfolio .
Secondly , hit the job boards , and send your resumes and cover letters to companies you would like to work for .
Doing research and tailoring each cover letter and resume to the company is important .
Stick to the job requirements , and follow directions carefully .
These employers receive many applications daily , and nothing is worse than seeing a bland and generic introduction to who you are and what you offer .
Stand out from the rest .
Thirdly , keep your networks
open , and make yourself known !
Networking is key .
Darren Hoyt
Obviously , scour the online job boards ( Authentic Jobs , 37 Signals , Coroflot ) , but also follow the blogs and Twitter feeds of Web designers who you respect .
Studying their methods will give you a clearer picture of the sort of designer you want to be .
If you need advice , trying dropping them an email .
But remember that not everyone has the free time to answer .
Truthfully , most designers I know did n’t get their job by applying cold to an agency they knew nothing about .
Instead , they slowly made relationships
with like - minded people until they began to see opportunities and get offers .
But I would stress , do n’t “ network ” compulsively .
It can look obvious and obnoxious and make you look needy .
Instead , make connections with people you actually think you share interests with , people you could imagine being colleagues and friends , rather than business contacts .
The rewards are much greater .
Chris Coyier
Nobody will hire you because you say you have skills .
You ’ll have to demonstrate your skills , so either work on your current personal website or start building one .
Use the website as a portfolio and resume to send to companies .
Send it both to companies that say they are hiring and to ones that do n’t .
Just because a Web company does n’t hang a “ Now hiring ” sign on it door does n’t mean it could n’t use someone .
Pitch them .
A little advice for that portfolio : three awesome designs are better than three awesome and six mediocre designs packed in the same space .
Showcase only your finest work , what you ’re capable of .
Quality
over quantity .
8 . What should new designers consider when deciding between working for an agency and freelancing ?
Elliot Jay Stocks
Jumping straight into freelancing once you ’ve completed your education is really tempting .
I very nearly did that myself .
But I ’m glad I did n’t .
You learn valuable lessons working for someone else first , and it ’s actually much easier because you do n’t have to worry about getting clients for yourself .
So , I would recommend working for someone else before going it alone .
It ’s a great opportunity to build up your portfolio without dealing with any of the boring stuff that goes with freelancing or running your own business .
I wrote a post about this a while ago : Build Your Profile to Get More Freelance Work
.
Soh Tanaka
As a new designer , being at an agency or on a team is great for learning and feeling out the industry .
Though you may not be able to set your own hours or work from home , a steady pay check and health insurance are both welcome during a tough economy .
When choosing the freelance route , have some experience
under your belt , and be ready to be on your own .
The key factor is knowing what your skills are and having discipline .
Freelancing has its ups and downs , and you must be self - motivated and determined to overcome the challenges .
Working from home and setting your own hours is ideal for most , but young designers should consider the requirements and reality before diving in head first .
It may be wise to freelance part time until you build enough confidence and experience and know enough about your strengths and weaknesses to be able to make the right decisions when you strike out on your own .
Chris Spooner
It ’s always worth learning the pros and cons of working for an agency and freelancing , because each has its perks !
Here are a few that spring to mind .
Agency pros :
Working for an agency after your studies can be great for gaining experience in how the industry works and how projects are managed from start to finish .
At an agency , you work with like - minded colleagues , who you can learn from and develop with .
Large agencies often attract big corporations and established brands .
A full - time job guarantees you a monthly wage and set working hours .
Agency cons :
You might get stuck working on projects that you do n’t find interesting or might have to work on something you do n’t agree with .
Agencies sometimes have strict policies , rules and guidelines .
For instance , browsing the Web , checking Facebook or tweeting might get you a slap on the wrist .
Agencies work during the usual 9:00 to 5:00 business hours , so you will have to as well .
Freelance pros :
As a freelancer , you have complete control of the projects you take on and the type of work you do .
You ’re not tied to any particular working hours , so taking a day off is no problem .
If you can generate a consistent flow of projects , it can be much easier to earn a decent wage than you would by working at an agency .
You can work in your pyjamas !
Freelance cons :
You are personally responsible for your own income , a circumstance that can put you at risk .
Freelancers need to be able to manage their time in order to avoid distractions .
I would recommend that new designers first seek out employment , which will give you professional experience with and knowledge of design .
Then you ’ll be able to decide whether you fit better at an agency or working for yourself .
One of the main things to consider before starting out as a freelancer is whether you ’ve generated enough industry experience to be able not only to create designs but to source work , manage multiple projects and communicate with clients .
These other factors definitely come into play when freelancing , so having at least some knowledge
of these processes before diving in is important .
9 . How can students and young designers make themselves more valuable to potential employers ?
Darren Hoyt
Start building a Web presence as early as possible , even before seeking a junior position .
Buy a personal domain and set up a simple portfolio , with an “ About ” page that gives a snapshot of your personality and talents .
If have n’t done client work , do pro bono projects for friends until you have work samples to show .
Displaying them publicly shows that you have pride in your work .
Be concise .
Employers and human resource people are like anyone else : they are busy and have short attention spans .
Do n’t make them dig to find out who you are .
Give your portfolio website just enough text , images and examples to paint an accurate picture .
If you ca n’t give your own content a crisp and concise design , why should employers trust you to do that for clients ?
Also , do n’t exaggerate
the facts when presenting yourself .
Our lives are way too public these days to bother .
More important than bragging or dazzling anyone with half - truths is finding a team whose needs and interests align with your own .
If you get hired under false pretences , you will have wasted everyone ’s time .
Even experienced designers with great portfolios are n’t the right fit , disposition - wise , for every agency they apply to .
Wolfgang Bartelme
As I mentioned before , I ’m a huge fan of the interdisciplinary
approach .
At most companies , you are unlikely to work exclusively in a single field .
In fact , when you do Web design , being able to do some decent - looking icons or cut a simple screencast or promo video is good .
This becomes even more important when you are self - employed .
Moreover , this variety makes and keeps work interesting … at least that ’s the case for me .
Chris Coyier
Just being a nice person and easy
to work with is pretty huge .
I think employers look for that during the interview process , at least as best they can in that short time .
Someone incredibly stiff or stand - offish is unlikely to win the job over someone who is happy and casual .
Design studios , in my experience , are pretty friendly and casual .
Other random advice : become really good at one thing .
You ’ll be a lot more valuable as the guy or girl who knows that one thing really well than as a jack of all trades .
Being well - rounded is awesome , but having a spike of talent in one particular area will serve you well .
Walter Apai
Social skills are necessary when dealing with potential clients .
Designers should know what their clients do and provide them with the best possible service .
I ’d encourage all designers to make themselves a one - stop shop for all of their clients ’ design needs .
That would include Web design , copywriting , printing , etc .
If you ’re not an expert in these fields , team up with a few peers so that you can help each other as needed .
Designers should focus on making the entire process easy for clients , but involve clients in some design decisions as well , so that they feel that they are part of the project .
I suggest asking the clients a lot of questions and truly aiming to get to the core of their business and what would work for them .
The more we understand our clients and their projects , the more successful the projects will be and the better our chances of getting them as repeat clients .
A designer is a human being , too .
Become a well - versed designer , understand your medium , get educated and become a well - rounded person who always aims high .
Set high standards
for yourself and your work .
The right clients will gravitate to someone who holds themselves to high standards .
10 .
What should new freelancers do during the first few months of their business to succeed ?
Paul Andrew
You have to have a personal business plan .
I really wish I had a plan when I started out ; I really do .
I jumped right in , feet first , and landed on my head !
And it hurt .
Partly , I think it was those first few months of hardship that even now propel me forward .
That period not only affected my finances and confidence , it damaged my reputation .
That is very hard to regain .
I think over the years I have regained it , but it was hard work , and it all could have been avoided with a bit more planning and simply by writing a personal business strategy .
It ’s not enough to have a strategy planned out in your head ; it has to be on paper
.
You need to be able to read it and see it to live by it .
Every so often you should read it again , just to realign yourself .
And then read it again , and only tweak it if you really have to .
Your personal business plan could do the following :
Describe your business objectives , business direction and where you hope to be in x number of months .
List all potential pitfalls and how to avoid them .
Set honest and realistic targets , and allow for a little flexibility .
As your business grows , track its efforts and compare them to your business objectives .
Set up a financial framework to measure how much your business is making or not making .
Describe how you are going to attract new business to meet your financial targets .
Everyone and every business is different .
Write down what is correct and achievable
for you , and be very honest : it is your business after all .
Stick to the plan !
Brian Hoff
Personally , I worked for nearly three years while preparing to go freelance .
I would work my 9:00 to 5:00 job , come home , eat dinner and then market myself ( blog ) , search for new business , advertize and work from around 7:00 pm until 12:00 am .
Having a good feel for running your own business is important before you go in head first .
Saving
money is also important .
Every business , no matter what it is , goes through periods of drought .
Having money to back you up for a little while is a must .
Freelancing is not for everyone .
Part - time freelancing while maintaining a steady - paying job will help you get a feel for things .
Chris Spooner
I think the most important time in freelancing is n’t particularly the first few months , but more so the time leading up to going freelance .
As a freelancer , you ’ll need a good flow of clients to generate income ; you ’ll have to get busy promoting and building a name for yourself , so that when you ’re ready to leave your job , you ’ll be all set to simply flick the switch from employment to self - employment .
During this build - up time , you ’ll want to design all of your personal branding
, especially your website , to showcase what you can do .
Become an active member of the design community by blogging , guest writing and networking via Twitter ( or you might want to network offline or locally ) ; and begin taking on projects that you can work on during the nights .
It can be hard work managing both your full - time job and one or two freelance projects simultaneously , but when the number of inquiries reaches an optimal level , you can quickly switch from your job to taking on more freelance work — rather than making the decision one day , falling flat on your face and then having to eat beans on toast until you ’ve built a profile .
Jon Phillips
I believe the first few months are crucial , especially because it usually means quitting the day job and taking the plunge into the freelancing world .
It can be scary at first .
Many things need to be done in the first few months , but of course nothing is irreparable .
Should you make a bad decision , you can always fix things as you go along .
I highly recommend getting a portfolio website up ; even if you do n’t have a lot to show , you need a place to showcase what you have .
Then get a good invoicing system such as Freshbooks or Billings 3
, network with other freelancers as much as possible via Twitter , Facebook , design forums and blogs and maybe start a blog of your own .
Elliot Jay Stocks
Work for someone else !
For the first few months to be a success , you need to have work lined up , so having that in place before you make the jump is important .
I ’d also recommend getting a good accountant as soon as you can and some sort of system for keeping track of your money , such as Xero
.
Also , make sure you have a website set up long before you decide to go solo .
11 . Aside from design and technical skills , what aspects of running a business should new freelancers focus on ?
Paul Andrew
The advice I have been given over the years about freelancing as a business has varied .
Some have told me that putting business ahead of design guarantees profit and keeps your head above water .
On the other hand , I have also been told not to treat design as a business , to work on what your passion is , and the business side will take care of itself .
These are both great philosophies , but they do n’t really work in the real world .
The answer is to have a healthy balance between the two .
Both need to be kept apart while at the same time working off each other .
Think of it as the positive and negative charge of a battery .
The battery only works when both charges are connected .
( You can decide which is the positive and negative side in relation to business and design ) .
When meeting potential clients , first impressions really do count , and you really need to present yourself with professionalism .
It does not matter how strong your portfolio is or who you are — it is about how professional and business - like you appear to them .
You are negotiating a business transaction after all .
Yes , this means breaking away from the designer stereotype of wearing t- shirts and jeans and instead being clean shaven , putting on a business suit and remembering the manners your mother taught you .
Carry business cards with you , maybe even a briefcase ; do what you have to do to convince the client you mean business .
Some monkeys you should not carry on your back by yourself , and they are the finance side of your business .
Let ’s be honest : who understands tax and monetary law .
I certainly do n’t and do n’t care to either .
Find yourself an accountant .
They do n’t cost that much — maybe a week ’s wage out of the year , and when you weigh the cost of doing your taxes incorrectly and the penalties that might follow , an accountant is a worthwhile investment .
It would be nice if everyone you worked with was honest .
Protecting the integrity of your work , yourself and your business should be next on your to - do list .
The reality is that at some point , someone will try to shortchange you or , worse , wiggle out of a payment .
That is why you need a watertight contract .
Every country has its own laws regarding design ; make sure you know and understand yours .
Hiring a lawyer to write a standard contract
for your small business would be expensive .
A way around this would be to write your own , as I did .
I asked a few designers for advice and researched the law online and came up with an outline for my own .
I then took it to a lawyer and asked them to sanity - check it .
Not as expensive as asking them to write it — still , it was n’t cheap , but it was worth it .
So , to sum up , if you ’re dressed smart , your business finances are in safe hands and you are legally protected , you are now free to do what you were trained to do and give your creativity free reign , letting your passion fuel your design .
It is a long road to take , but it is necessary .
Brian Hoff
Marketing
without a doubt .
I receive many emails asking how I get so much freelance business or how do I find clients .
My response :
You have to work hard for it .
Clients wo n’t come to you .
Tell everyone what you do , start a blog , attend networking events and conferences , contact clients directly .
Running your own business is hard work .
There is no such thing as a 40 - hour work week when you run your own business .
I work seven days a week .
I ’ve even gone so far as to strike up new work by chatting with someone at the bar ( not recommended ) .
You have to have personality and drive to freelance successfully .
Jon Phillips
Being a freelancer means having to wear many different hats ( a ton of different hats ! ) .
Spending some time on government websites and meeting with an accountant
to learn more about tax laws goes a very long way .
Of course , many designers , being creative types , tend to forget that it ’s a business ( I often forget ) .
You need to spend time on accounting but also on networking and marketing your business .
In the first few months results will be small , but your efforts will pay off in the long run .
You need to be as good with numbers as you are with Photoshop .
12 . What are some of the best ways for new designers to find clients ?
Henry Jones
I can only speak from experience here .
Shortly before I went full - time freelancing , my portfolio was listed on several popular CSS galleries .
From that point on , clients found me .
I was very surprised to see how many people used the galleries to find designers .
Once I had a few clients and projects under my belt , I started to get a lot of referrals .
So , work hard on creating a great portfolio , and use the design galleries .
This is probably the best and easiest way to get the most exposure .
Plenty of design - specific job boards are available , such as AuthenticJobs
, where you can search for projects that are a good fit for you .
Jon Phillips
I think websites such as Twitter are a great place to get started !
In fact , I found a lot of my own clients via Twitter .
Design forums are also a great place to network , make friends and find work .
New freelancers may also be tempted to try design contests and crowd - sourcing , but I personally think they devalue the industry , so I would n’t advise doing that .
Even if you do n’t have much to show in your portfolio , there are others ways to get gigs .
There are always job boards , such as the one on Smashing Magazine and the one on Freelance Switch
, which are great for finding clients .
You might even consider buying banner ads on design - related websites .
But your marketing budget may not allow this at first , so networking websites , job boards and forums would be the places to hang out .
Jacob Cass
Get your name out there .
Start blogging
. Showcase your work .
Look on job boards .
Ask friends , family , local charities .
Read books and blog posts : the information is out there .
Your job is to find it !
Walter Apai
Networking is one of the best ways but often one of the most overlooked ones .
I suggest that new designers speak to everyone they know and use every chance they have to talk about their work and what they do for a living .
I found myself just mentioning Web design to someone the other day ( not even looking for more work ) , and immediately they thought of someone they knew who was looking for a website redesign .
Opportunities are everywhere ; just seize them .
I should also mention that one should not rely on networking alone or any other single “ system . ”
I ’d encourage new designers to take a multi-faceted
approach to their new career .
There are unlimited ways to get new clients .
Posting on bulletin boards , both online and offline , and placing small ads in the newspaper or local magazines are just a few of the media you can use .
I also think that starting local is best , and getting experience working on projects with people who you can meet in person in your own city .
This is a good starting point to gain more “ field ” experience .
Paul Boag
It has to start with friends and family
.
This will help build your initial portfolio .
From there , consider doing some discounted work for a local charity to gain experience in working for real clients .
After that , the contacts you have made through networking will start to pay off , and hopefully you will get some work through them .
Finally and most importantly , make it known that you want work .
It is surprising how many freelance websites I visit that do n’t state whether they currently accept work or not .
That said , I would suggest that if you are straight out of university , you should probably work for a small agency before jumping into the freelance world .
Being a freelancer requires a lot of business skills that they do n’t teach you in university .
13 .
What networking tips do you have for young designers ?
Henry Jones
One option is to attend design conferences , but for young designers this can be expensive .
So , I would recommend getting involved in the design community
. Start reading and leaving comments on popular design blogs .
Create a Twitter account , and post useful stuff .
Depending on how much time you have , you could even start your own design - related blog .
Blogging has been huge for me , and I believe it ’s the best way to get your name out there and meet other designers .
No matter what route you take , just remember to be helpful and genuine , and you will build lasting relationships .
Paul Andrew
You are young — you cannot change that fact — and you want to be successful .
In any business , especially ours , you need friends , you need contacts and most importantly you need to build professional relationships .
Bear in mind , though , that networking is not something you can rush ; it takes time and patience .
The best time to start networking is right now .
Even if you are still in high school or have n’t yet graduated college , reach out now .
It is never too early to get your name out there .
Your name is your most powerful and memorable asset .
Work will follow , I promise .
The most important relationships for any designer are the ones they have built with fellow students .
No matter what happens , they are your primary network .
You can help each other by sharing knowledge and design contacts and by learning from each other .
The best way to network beyond your inner circle is to get in touch with seasoned designers .
For the most part , designers are pretty selfless and love to share and help when they can .
With that in mind , put together a list of designers on whom you want to model yourself and someone with a strong body of work .
Send them emails , accompanied by your portfolio , stating that you are a young designer starting out and seeking a little advice .
Ask them how they got started , and ask for any tips they might be willing to share ?
Seasoned designers need to build their networks , too , and will welcome your introduction and questions .
When I started out as a designer , I sent a letter ( with my portfolio and business card ) to a local design agency — certainly not the biggest one or the most prestigious — and introduced myself as a young designer who was eager to learn .
I asked if I could come in for a day or two to learn a bit about the design business and gain some work experience .
Thankfully , they consented , and I spent three days asking questions , picking up business cards and meeting clients .
That was over ten years ago , and I still rely on those contacts now .
And to this day , that has been my most productive and successful period of networking .
Not every design agency will be as open as that one was , but I would try .
There is no harm in asking .
One thing to remember about networking is that success is determined not by your number of contacts but by the quality
of those contacts .
Even if the best designer in the world sent you a courtesy email reply , it does not mean that you are in their network or that they are in yours .
A quality network contact is someone who gives you a personal reply and genuinely tries to help you .
These are the contacts you must maintain .
This is your network .
Finally , please do n’t think of youth as an impediment .
Think of it as a license to ask questions , to learn and expand your personal network .
Paul Boag
Step away from the computer .
Meeting people online is great , but nothing beats meeting them face to face .
Attend conferences and meet - ups and get to know people .
Then
follow up on those relationships via Twitter and Facebook .
Also , do n’t have an agenda .
Or , if you have one , be honest and open about it .
Too many people network solely to win work or become a “ Web celebrity . ”
Instead , network because you want to meet like - minded people who will inspire and excite you about your work .
Soh Tanaka
Attend industry events , seminars and any kind of social gatherings .
Do n’t be shy
; get to know the people around you .
Be interested and willing to learn from them , and at the right time let them know who you are and what you do .
Carry business cards with you at all times , and have your elevator speech ready .
You never know when you will run into a potential client or employer .
Networking is all about expanding your opportunities , and as a designer this skill is critical .
Related posts
You may be interested in the following related post :
35 Designers x 5 Questions Professional suggestions , tips and ideas from some of the best web - developers all around the world .
DECLAWING
Declawing is excruciatingly painful for the cat .
Cat declawing has been legally declared to be animal cruelty in the U.S.A .
It involves ten separate amputations of the cat ’s toes at the third joint .
In other words , this invasive surgery amputates functioning bones .
Declawing severs not only the cat ’s claws , but also the attached nerves , bones , tendons , ligaments , blood vessels , and connective tissue .
The surgery carries significant risks of lifetime physical , psychological , and behavioral consequences .
Adult cats have an increased risk of medical and behavior complications ; the older the cat , the worse the risk .
Anti-Declawing Handbook for Cat Lovers !
Updated for 2018 !
To help cat lovers and animal advocates understand the truth about declawing that so many veterinarians and organizations lie about , Dr. Jean has written a detailed , fully - referenced ebook that is 100 % free to download and share !
A new study reveals that the popular film portrayal of computer hackers is actually quite accurate , writes KARLIN LILLINGTON
IF YOU do n’t like the idea of a scholarly paper on the trail of hackers in films , then take it up with Damian Gordon ’s parents .
“ I have to blame my parents – the only films we were ever taken to were science fiction and futuristic kinds of films , ” says Gordon , a lecturer in computer science at the Dublin Institute of Technology .
Gordon has just published his paper , Forty Years of Movie Hacking : Considering the Potential Implications of the Popular Media Representation of Computer Hackers from 1968 to 2008 , in the current issue of the International Journal of Internet Technology and Secured Transactions .
A self - confessed film buff , he likes to show students clips from such films as a teaching tool because he feels they bring an abstract subject to life and help initiate lively discussions .
“ With computer science you ’re always trying to explain complex ideas in a clear way .
Clips from films can be very useful for that .
Any time I can , I try to slip in a film clip . ”
In trying to teach his students about security issues , he realised many had misguided notions about what the typical computer hacker is like and where security threats come from .
That set him thinking that perhaps the misperceptions came from the upper trails of hackers in popular culture .
So Gordon set out to compile a list of as many films that featured hacking as he could and came up with 50 – which he realises is not comprehensive and excludes foreign films , but does pick up most Hollywood films since the late 1960s that fit within his criteria outlined in the 29 - page paper .
He excluded animated films and documentaries , for example .
He included films from as early as 1968 through to 2008 , across several genres from science fiction to crime films .
His paper observes a curious dearth of films in the 1970s , just as computing was coming into popular visibility .
His theory is that a lifting of censorship rules caused films to focus more on violence and sex .
“ Hacking computers was probably too passive and boring , ” he laughs .
The aim of his paper “ was really to investigate why there is a general public perception that hackers all seem to be teenagers in bedrooms .
Lots of books on hacking talk about this , but it is so wrong .
Most hackers are around 30 and are computer professionals .
“ Being a hacker is really not about sitting alone in a dark bedroom .
It has a lot more to do with your interpersonal skills . ”
His film findings surprised Gordon just as much as they might surprise others .
Far from having public perceptions of hackers shaped by films , he found that the celluloid portrayal of hackers was actually quite accurate – setting aside the unlikelihood of your average female hacker looking like Sandra Bullock or Angelina Jolie .
“ It ’s devastating to realise that most movies do portray hackers correctly , ” he jokes .
First off , he found that the average age of the majority of film hackers was over 25 , with only a quarter younger than that .
Some 65 per cent were aged between 25 and 50 , and only 3 per cent were older than 50 , which he thinks is fairly accurate .
As for profession , 32 per cent were portrayed as working in the computer industry , 28 per cent were full - time hackers , 20 per cent were students and 20 per cent worked in other professions .
Gordon notes that this actually meshes fairly closely with reality – one study cited in his paper notes that the average hacker is 27 and either a computer professional or full - time hacker .
Gordon also found that , in the films , about 10 per cent of the hackers were women , which also approximates real - world statistics .
He notes that for some reason there are far more female hackers portrayed on television compared to film .
“ I ’m presuming that ’s because men tend to do the action bits on television , ” he says .
Two areas in which film deviated from real - world hacking are the number of attacks depicted as coming from outside an organisation rather than being instigated from those inside an organisation , and the portrayal of the intentions of hackers .
In film , only 20 per cent of the attacks are internal , but industry studies suggest the ratio may be closer to 50 - 50 , Gordon notes in his paper .
Also , the vast majority of hackers in films are actually portrayed as the good guys – a huge 73 per cent , with 10 per cent being somewhere in between , and 17 per cent portrayed as bad guys .
“ I was definitely surprised at the number of films showing hackers in a positive light , ” he says .
However , he rather likes this himself , given that the term “ hacker ” started out as a positive one , referring to people who were highly adept at tinkering with electronics and writing or modifying computer programs .
Only much later did the public start to use the term hacker to mean someone with malicious intent .
“ I ’d like to reclaim the title as a positive one , ” says Gordon .
Damian 's top five
Top Millions ( 1968 ) Peter Ustinov as Marcus Pendleton , a con-man just out of prison .
“ Really a great movie . ”
Tron ( 1982 ) Jeff Bridges as Kevin Flynn , a former employee of fictional computer company ENCOM .
“ I adored Tron , and you can never go wrong with Jeff Bridges . ”
Superman III ( 1983 ) Gus Gorman ( Richard Pryor ) discovers that he has an extraordinary talent for computer programming .
“ A great salami - slicing attack . ”
WarGames ( 1983 ) David Lightman ( Matthew Broderick ) as a high school student who is highly unmotivated at school but is an enthusiastic computer hacker at home .
“ Fixed in people ’s minds the archetype of the young hacker operating from his bedroom . ”
Sneakers ( 1992 , Heist ) College students Martin Brice ( Gary Hershberger ) and his friend Cosmo ( Jo Marr ) use a college computer to hack into banking systems to transfer funds .
“ Fantastic film ”
The Democratic administration of Barack Obama , who denounced his predecessor , George W. Bush , as the most secretive in history , is now denying more Freedom of Information Act requests than the Republican did .
Transparency and openness were so important to the new president that on his first full day in office , he dispatched a much - publicized memo saying : “ All agencies should adopt a presumption in favor of disclosure , in order to renew their commitment to the principles embodied in FOIA , and to usher in a new era of open government .
The presumption of disclosure should be applied to all decisions involving FOIA . ”
One of the exemptions allowed to deny Freedom of Information requests has been used by the Obama administration 70,779 times in its first year ; the same exemption was used 47,395 times in Bush ’s final budget year .
An Associated Press examination of 17 major agencies ’ handling of FOIA requests found denials 466,872 times , an increase of nearly 50 % from the 2008 fiscal year under Bush .
As Ed Morrissey notes on the blog Hot Air , during a time of war and terrorist threats , any government can justify not releasing some sensitive information .
And true , Obama had previously been a legislator , not an executive .
But why make such a big campaign deal over a previous administration ’s secrecy when you ’re going to end up being even more secretive ?
On March 16 to mark annual Sunshine Week , designed to promote openness in government , Obama applauded himself by issuing a statement :
“ As Sunshine Week begins , I want to applaud everyone who has worked to increase transparency in government and recommit my administration to be the most open and transparent ever . ”
However , a new study out March 15 by George Washington University ’s National Security Archive finds less than one - third of the 90 federal agencies that process such FOIA requests have made significant changes in their procedures since Obama ’s 2009 memo .
So , a day later , White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel sent out yet another memo .
Since the agencies ignored the memo from the president , they ’ll all snap to when the staffer ’s note arrives , do n’t you think ?
Top of the Ticket , The Times ’ blog on national politics ( www.latimes.com/ ticket ) , is a blend of commentary , analysis and news .
This is a selection from the last week .
" Wrong mine , wrong place . "
This is the belief of hundreds of businesses around the country .
Take a look at the impressive and growing list here , or the ad that ran in the Juneau Empire in February , 2017 .
In May , 2020 250 + fishing , hunting and outdoor businesses and organizations , and 31,000 hunters and anglers asked the President to stop Pebble on behalf of the sporting paradise and robust economy built on the fishery .
Want to add your business or organization ?
Just email us .
Pebble mine threatens one of the world 's last great salmon fisheries .
North America 's salmon powerhouse , Bristol Bay , Alaska , is threatened by the massive proposed gold and copper mine .
Working closely with commercial fishermen , tribes , sportsmen and women , local businesses and many others across the country , Trout Unlimited works to protect these iconic and productive rivers and the people they support .
A step in the right direction .
In August 2020 , the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers found “ under section 404 of the Clean Water Act that the project , as proposed , would likely result in significant degradation of the environment and would likely result in significant adverse effects on the aquatic system or human environment . ”
Their statement that the current Pebble proposal would n’t be permitted sends the project back to the drawing board and up against major hurdles in order to advance .
But Pebble is n’t gone completely .
We still need Pebble ’s permit to be outright denied .
We can not achieve our goal alone .
We need you .
Please learn more , take action and consider a donation today .
Production Rails Tuning with Passenger : PassengerMaxProcesses
CTO of Our co-author today is Jesse Newland of RailsMachine .
Jesse keeps RailsMachine customers up and running and troubleshoots their toughest problems .
We ’re pleased to have him share some of his expertise on Phusion Passenger tuning .
Say your Rails application is running in production and it ’s getting good traffic .
Performance is n’t as good you would like .
You ’ve already determined that your database is not the bottleneck .
What ’s your next move ?
There is a good chance that Passenger ’s PassengerMaxPoolSize needs to be adjusted .
PassengerMaxPoolSize specifies how many instances of your application Passenger will spin up to service incoming requests .
If you were running Mongrels back in the day , PassengerMaxPoolSize is equivalent to the number of mongrels you configured for your app .
The value of PassengerMaxPoolSize has a major bearing on your application ’s performance .
The Basic Rule of Thumb
A larger PassengerMaxPoolSize value yields better throughput but uses more memory .
Set PassengerMaxPoolSize too low and you may be constrained by the number of application instances on hand to service requests .
Incoming requests get queued up behind running ones , and application response slows down accordingly .
On the other hand , set PassengerMaxPoolSize too high ( relative to the amount of RAM you have ) and Apache will start gobbling up swap space and begin to sputter .
Consume too much swap , and your whole system can grind to a halt .
You need to find Passenger ’s “ happy place ” where memory is n’t being wasted nor is it being over - consumed .
Scenario 1 : Too few Passenger threads
RAM does n’t do you any good just sitting there .
A simple way to check your memory situation is free - ml :
~ $ free -ml total used free shared buffers cached Mem : 1024 781 242 0 81 389
For illustration purposes , here ’s the two - week history of memory usage as captured by Scout :
There is definitely some headroom here — memory usage is around half with very few spikes , leaving us around 500 MB free .
Before we change settings , check that the number of Apache processes is actually a limiting factor .
Passenger makes this easy to check with the passenger - status command .
You ’ll see the last line :
GLOBAL QUEUE : Waiting on global queue : 3
There ’s our smoking gun—requests are backed up while we have memory to spare !
Time to bump up PassengerMaxPoolSize .
Sidebar :
If you do n’t have Passenger ’s global queueing turned on , there is ( unfortunately ) no way to see if requests are backed up .
How much to bump up PassengerMaxPoolSize ?
So we already know that that we have around 500 MB sitting around .
Two more key pieces of information we need :
1 . What ’s your current PassengerMaxPoolSize value ?
PassengerMaxPoolSize is set in the Apache configuration , typically located at /etc/ apache2/apache2.conf .
The default value is 6 .
2 . How much memory does an instance of your application generally use ?
It ’s easy to find this out with the passenger - memory - stats command .
Part of the output will look like this :
---------
Passenger processes
---------- PID Threads VMSize Private Name ----------------------------------------
6120 1 152.4 MB
26.2 MB Rails : /var/www/apps/wifi/current 637 1 165.1 MB
32.1 MB Rails : /var/www/apps/wifi/current
That “ Private ” column is what we ’re interested in .
In this case , application instances take up around 30 MB each .
Given that we have around 500 MB free , we can safely add 10 more instances to the pool .
So , we ’ll bump PassengerMaxPoolSize from 4 up to 14 .
In /etc/ apache2/apache2.conf :
@PassengerMaxPoolSize@ 14
Make sure you reload Apache to take in the new settings .
The command depends on your configuration ; use sudo / etc / init.d / apache2 reload on Ubuntu .
If you ’re wondering if reload is sufficient ( as opposed to a full restart of Apache ) — reload is safe , and it ensures all running requests are processed before terminating .
After putting the new configuration in place , monitor your server to ensure everything keeps running correctly .
Keep an eye on free memory available , the amount of swap used , the number of passenger processes , and Passenger ’s global queue length .
You should look for :
the amount of free memory to be less than it was previously ( you want to use more of what ’s available for better performance )
the amount of swap used to stay at zero .
the number of passenger processes to be close to to the maximum , but not always maxed out .
the Passenger global queue to stay consistently at zero .
Scenario 2 : You ’re using up all your RAM and running in swap
It ’s easy to determine if you ’re out of memory and using swap .
A rule of thumb :
Any swap usage is bad .
If your server is using swap , your application will perform badly , end of story .
So how do you know ?
run vmstat 2 on your server .
The ‘ 2 ’ means it will refresh every two seconds .
Output that is good looks like this :
~ $vmstat 2 procs
-----------memory----------
---swap-- -----io---- -system--
----cpu----
r b swpd free buff cache si so bi bo in cs us sy id wa 0 0 139952 174176 81292 398068 1 0 6 7 0 0 1 0 97 0 0 0 139952 174120 81292 398092 0 0 0 0 1133 382 0 0 99 0 0 0 139952 174120 81292 398092 0 0 0 28 1087 32 0 0 99 0 0 0 139952 174120 81292 398092 0 0 0 0 1155 25 0 0 99 0
You can ignore the first line in the vmstat output ( in this case , the line with the 1 under si ) .
The ‘ si ’ and ‘ so ’ columns are swap - in and swap - out , respectively , and show writes and reads to swap .
If there ’s activity there , especially in ‘ so ’ , you ’re using swap instead of RAM , and things will be slower .
See the Analyze your Server 's " Swappiness " section in this helpful article over at Rails Machine for more details .
What to Do ?
If you ’re running in swap , you basically have two options :
Add more memory .
If you ’re running VM ’s , this should be straightforward .
Reduce the memory consumption of processes on this machine .
It is unlikely that simply reducing the PassengerMaxPoolSize on this machine will solve your problems .
If Passenger is spinning up this many instances , you have too much traffic for your current setup .
Some options for freeing up memory for better performance include :
Add another front - end box running Apache + Passenger .
If you do n’t already have a load balancer , you ’ll need to set one up .
Moving something off this server ( database ?
full text search ?
batch jobs ? ) to another machine to free up memory .
How RailsMachine uses Scout to determine PassengerMaxPoolSize
If you ’re just looking at the current memory usage , you ’re ignoring past memory spikes .
You may allocate to much memory to Passenger , exhaust the swap memory space , and shut down the server .
Scout makes it easier to tune Passenger because :
you can view the long - term history and volatility of memory usage the Phusion Passenger Monitor plugin automatically tracks the number of Passenger processes and total RAM used by Passenger processes .
The chart above shows the total RAM used and the RAM used by Passenger processes over the past week .
We can can an idea of volatility ( November 15 had a large memory spike ) .
Since this server has 1 GB of RAM , it looks like we have headroom for more Passenger processes ( another 100 MB could safely be used by Passenger based on the chart ) .
Conclusion
The number of processes Passenger will spin up has a significant bearing on your application ’s performance .
The setting is in your Apache configuration file under PassengerMaxPoolSize .
Generally speaking , you want to fill up as much RAM as possible with passenger processes without utilizing swap in order to maximize you performance and throughput .
Adjust PassengerMaxPoolSize so that there is little free RAM left and no swap being used .
Slut — 1 : a slovenly woman : SLATTERN 2a : a lewd woman ; esp : PROSTITUTE b : a saucy girl : MINX
Ah , “ slut . ” A compact little word , forceful even in the way it sounds , starting out with a hissing sibilant and pushing off of the tongue through the L and U , and then that nastily crisp T. “ Slut . ”
Say it a few times out loud .
Roll it around in your mouth .
“ Sssslut . ” “ Sss…lllut . ”
Say it again .
Notice that it ’s difficult — almost impossible , in fact — to pronounce it neutrally .
It ’s got a sneer built into it , that word .
It ’s not as twangy and unthreatening as “ tramp . ”
It ’s not as easy to yell as “ whore . ” “ Whore ” is built for screaming rage and dishes flying through the air , with a nice gusty H at the front and a big old roaring R bringing up the rear .
Not “ slut , ” though .
“ Slut ” is muttered .
“ Slut ” is whispered .
“ Whore ” comes in like a punch , but “ slut ” tingles , like a slap .
“ Slut ” hides behind the teeth .
“ Slut ” is for when your back is turned .
“ Slut ” is for when you do n’t act like a lady .
“ Slut ” is for when you sit with your legs apart .
“ Slut ” is for when you wear it short , tight , without a bra , cut up high and down low and around the side , because , see , “ slut ” is also for when you have the nerve to enjoy your body in front of women who hate their own bodies .
Do n’t strut .
Do n’t dance with soul , or lick your lips .
Do n’t look too good ; do n’t think you look too good .
Digging your own self is slutty .
Making your own good time is slutty .
Who do you think you are , anyway ?
Knees together , slut .
“ Slut ” is for when you forget to hate and fear boys .
“ Slut ” is for when you talk to them , flirt with them , hang out with them and watch kung fu movies , pretend they do n’t suck at guitar , sit on their laps , cut their hair .
“ Slut ” is for when you do n’t remember that you ca n’t have a male friend unless he ’s your brother or gay , because your male friends want to fuck you , and you ca n’t handle that .
“ Slut ” is liking sports and belches and messy apartments — or , rather , “ liking ” those things , because you could n’t really like those things .
You just pretend to like them so that you can get attention from men , because you have no personality of your own , and even if you did , men only want you for your action anyway .
That ’s pathetic .
Get a life , slut .
“ Slut ” is for when , in spite of everything you ’ve learned from Cosmo and your sorority sisters , you just love men , for when you want to look at them and talk about them and burrow your nose into their necks and lick them from head to toe and hop right on them when they walk in the door like that scene from Raising Arizona where Holly Hunter clings to Nicolas Cage like a wood tick .
Ugh .
That ’s so undignified .
That ’s so unfeminine .
“ Slut ” is for walking down the street and talking to a friend on your cell phone and watching a cute boy walk past in the opposite direction and looking at him and looking away and looking back and then turning around in mid-sentence to keep looking .
“ Slut ” is for thinking of stubble burn and biting your lip .
“ Slut ” is for remembering the way your first true love used to pin you up against his car door and flushing clear up to the roots of your hair .
“ Slut ” is for big hands and deep voices .
“ Slut ” is for on top of you and under you and behind you , in the closet , on the floor , under the piano .
“ Slut ” is for liking it .
“ Slut ” is for wanting it .
“ Slut ” is for going after it .
Men hunt , women gather ; men chase , women wait .
Look it up , slut .
“ Slut ” is for kissing boys with tongue .
“ Slut ” is for kissing lots of different boys with tongue .
“ Slut ” is for craving kissing lots of different boys with tongue .
That ’s not right , you know .
It says so in the Bible , and in social hygiene films .
“ Slut ” is for loving sex .
“ Slut ” is for needing sex .
“ Slut ” is for thinking sex is n’t shameful .
Sex is for married people , for diamond owners , for nice girls in twin sets whose mothers hid the Erica Jong , for people totally and completely , like , in total and complete love , and it takes place behind closed doors , with the lights out .
Sex is n’t fun .
Sex is n’t casual .
Sex is a deadly serious , disgusting , dirty , degrading business .
Just lie there .
Do n’t move around .
Do n’t use your fingernails or moan or anything ; that ’s slutty .
Do n’t get on top .
Do n’t go down .
Going down is really slutty , especially if you like it as much as he does .
Ew .
That ’s so gross .
Only a slut would like that .
That ’s so sickening .
I bet you masturbate , too .
Ew , I ca n’t even think about that .
That ’s so foul — touching yourself down there like that ?
That ’s — well , it ’s dirty and sticky and gross , dude !
Nobody does that .
Well , boys do , but that ’s different .
“ Slut ” is for sex outside a committed relationship .
Sex outside a committed relationship is a cry for help .
It means you have no self - respect , obviously .
You ’re , like , a total nympho , man .
I ca n’t believe you would even do that .
God .
Do n’t talk about it .
Do n’t think about it .
Do n’t miss it .
Do n’t daydream about doing it with Josh Hartnett in a waterfall .
I mean — yuck .
That ’s totally slutty .
Are you , like , desperate or something ?
Why else would you just have sex with a guy ?
That ’s so wrong .
You ’re so wrong .
You ’re such a slut .
“ Slut ” is for fucking on the first date , giving head instead of your number , not caring if he calls , caring if he calls but fucking another guy to pass the time .
You do that stuff , well , clearly you ’re a slut .
What ’s even worse ?
You , like , enjoy it .
It ’s so show - offy , too .
Like , “ look at me , I think I ’m a guy , ” like Samantha on Sex & The City , like , get over yourself , hon .
And , I mean , Samantha brings home at least one new guy every week , but she ’s , like , obviously so miserable and empty inside because she never settles down .
Do n’t you want to get married ?
How do you ever expect to get married if you keep slutting around ?
You have to save yourself .
I mean , no man ’s going to want you if you ’ve slept with , like , a million other guys before him .
You ’re used .
You ’re dirty .
He ’ll fuck you , but he ’ll never bring you home to his mother , because you did n’t stay pure and go to bed only with guys you loved .
And you ca n’t have more experience than your husband ; that ’s just not done .
What if he gets insecure about it ?
You ’ll scare him off .
You do n’t want that , do you ?
And you ’ve probably got diseases .
I bet you do n’t even use protection .
Remember ?
How you have no self - respect ?
And do n’t use condoms and birth control , because you just want guys to like you , so you just fuck them ?
That ’s so sad .
I feel really sorry for you .
Yeah , you say you enjoy it , but it ’s just a compulsion , and it ’s pitiful , really .
Just stay away from my man , okay ?
Do n’t even talk to him .
Women have to look out for each other , because men would never look out for us , because we do n’t deserve their respect and fidelity .
We women have to stick together .
If he steps out on me with you , that ’s not his fuck - up .
It ’s yours .
I mean , you ’re the slut here .
You obviously came onto him all barracuda - style and lured him into bed , so I blame you completely .
So just do n’t even go over there to talk to him .
He ’d never treat me right , and if I left you two alone , something would happen .
God , I ca n’t even look at you .
You just prance around acting all carefree like you do n’t care what happens , like it does n’t matter , like you have the right to sleep with whomever you want or something — you make me ill !
I hate you !
Fuck you , slut !
If you found yourself nodding along in sincere agreement with any of what ’s written above , you have a serious , serious problem and need to report to your nearest therapist for a course of self - esteem rehabilitation and double - standard deprogramming .
The rest of you may continue to wear your sluttishness with pride .
Here endeth the lesson .
And thank you , Dr. Weston .
A review of The Ethical Slut .
You know , your mother does n’t know everything .
Please slut responsibly .
Tags : feminism
Submitted by Frank Ruscica
Part one makes a case that an ideal way to catalyze job creation in the U.S. is to subsidize American consumers and producers of customized education ( CE ) , and American operators of associated online markets .
The case draws on work by leading innovation scholars , growth economists and research organizations ( e.g. , Clayton Christensen , Paul Romer , The Nielsen Company , The Census Bureau ) .
Part one concludes by speculating about the reasons that said subsidies are absent from all talk of “ jobs stimulus . ”
From part one :
A guess ?
In two words ?
Banks , children .
Understanding why politically powerful banks would benefit from suppressing talk of said subsidies starts with knowing about the so - called problem of collective action .
In their 2006 textbook on International Economics ( 7th ed. ) , Paul Krugman and Maurice Obstfeld define the problem :
While it is in the interests of the group as a whole to press for favorable policies , it is not in any individual ’s interest to do so .
Krugman and Obstfeld continue :
In a now famous book [ The Logic of Collective Action ] , economist Mancur Olson pointed out that …the problem of collective action can best be overcome when a group is small ( so that each individual reaps a significant share of the benefits of favorable policies ) and / or well - organized .
The group must have the means to buy changes of policy .
Krugman and Obstfeld , summarizing canonical research findings :
Politicians are , indeed , for sale .
Successful entrepreneurs in a given industry are the small group who have the motive and means to buy policy changes that disadvantage the industry ’s old guard .
Harvard Business School professor Clayton Christensen is the originator of the canonical Model of Disruptive Innovation .
From a 2009 book co-authored by Christensen :
Regulations ultimately change in reaction to [ disruptive ] innovators ’ success in those markets .
From elsewhere in the book :
Those disruptors that successfully dismantled the regulations that stood in their way succeeded by circumventing the regulation -- by innovating in a disruptive market that was beyond the regulators ’ reach or was peripheral to their vision .
For a banking entrepreneur , a peripheral market that is ideal to disrupt is one wherein :
the act of consuming makes customers ( more ) creditworthy
a lot of money can be made directly ( i.e. , independent of banking )
Creditworthiness correlates positively with educational attainment .
Moreover , education is big business , and CE is disruptive to standardized education ( for details , see part one and OpportuniTV.com ) .
For a banking entrepreneur , the ideal niche to occupy in the CE industry is owner of a popular online market .
Owners of these markets can expect to increase profits dramatically by :
introducing a loan program for CE consumers making the popularity of the company ’s market and loan program mutually reinforcing , so a borrower who performs well as a student is rewarded with a lower interest rate becoming a bank , as a means of increasing the amount of money the company can lend introducing other loan programs and financial services that complement the market ( e.g. , loans to small businesses , so more jobs are available to CE consumers )
Needless to say , the business model of these banks will center on facilitating genuine wealth creation .
As such , the owners of these banks will buy changes of regulation that preclude competitors from leveraging moral hazard to secure economic rents ( e.g. , via taxpayer - backed proprietary trading ) .
Hence my guess that today 's politically powerful banks might be working hard to suppress talk of said jobs stimulus .
Really hard , given :
how children - friendly this stimulus would be
how many voters across the ideological spectrum loathe politicians whose legislative ( in)actions are gratuitously harsh to children
From NurtureShock : New Thinking About Children , a 2009 book that appeared on the New York Times bestseller list for two months :
“ When a child gets to choose , they presumably choose activities they ’re motivated to do [ says Dr. Silvia Bunge , a neuroscientist at the University of California at Berkeley ] .
Motivation is crucial .
Motivation is experienced in the brain as the release of dopamine .
It ’s not released like other neurotransmitters , into the synapses , but rather it ’s sort of spritzed onto large areas of the brain , which enhances the signaling of neurons . ”
The motivated brain , literally , operates better , signals faster .
VERY importantly , the build - out of the CE industry will almost certainly benefit children who still receive a more or less standardized education after the build - out is underway .
In particular , these children are likely to benefit from a proliferation of CE offerings for teachers .
From What Makes a Great Teacher ? , an article in the January 2010 issue of The Atlantic :
Teach for America [ a nonprofit that recruits college graduates to spend two years teaching in low - income schools ] has been … for more than a decade … tracking hundreds of thousands of kids , and analyzing why some teachers can move those kids three grade levels ahead in one year and others can ’t .
... Those who have been accepted [ as TFA teachers ] will go to a Teach for America training institute .
That ’s when Steven Farr , the in - house professor , and his colleagues take over .
For them , the challenge is not to pick the perfect teacher but to diagnose strengths and weaknesses early and provide intense , customized training to correct them .
… This year , D.C. public schools have begun using a new evaluation system for all faculty and staff , from teachers to custodians …
Throughout the year , teachers will receive customized training .
The handbook for the new system looks eerily similar to the Teach for America model , which is not a coincidence .
From The Death and Life of the Great American School System , a forthcoming 2010 book by Diane Ravitch , a former U.S. Assistant Secretary of Education :
TFA sends fewer than 10,000 new teachers each year into a profession with nearly 4 million members .
So , again , said jobs stimulus would be very children - friendly .
If this fact was known to a critical mass of voters , politicians across the ideological spectrum who did not support the stimulus would be taking a huge career risk .
From The Sandbox Investment : The Preschool Movement and Kids - First Politics , a 2007 book by David Kirp , a professor of public policy at the University of California at Berkeley :
The Seventeenth Congressional District [ in Texas ] … is among the most lopsidedly Republican in the nation .
More than 60 percent of the voters are registered Republicans ; 64 percent call themselves conservatives and just 12 percent describe themselves as liberals .
In 2004 , president Bush carried the district with nearly 70 percent of the vote — not an unexpected outcome , especially since Crawford , where the president has his ranch , is located there .
But in the race for a seat in the U.S. House of Representatives that same year , a Democrat named Chet Edwards bucked long odds and won , running 37 percent ahead of the national ticket .
... Edwards ’s opponent [ was ]
Texas state legislator Arlene Wohlgemuth …
The conservative establishment went all out to get her elected .
Three million dollars from the Club for Growth , a GOP fund - raising behemoth , went for attack ads in the three weeks before the election , more than Edwards spent on his entire campaign .
Vice president Dick Cheney and Republican strategist Karl Rove came calling .
The district was plastered with posters showing Wohlgemuth together with president Bush , standing on the steps of Air Force One and waving to an imaginary crowd .
Wohlgemuth ran a vintage Karl Rove campaign .
She went after Edwards as being more liberal than Ted Kennedy … Wohlgemuth ’s big selling point was her diehard fiscal conservatism .
Her crowning achievement was the 2003 revamping of the state ’s health and human services agencies , which saved Texas taxpayers $ 1 billion .
Edwards used political jujitsu to turn this supposed strength into her biggest vulnerability .
What undid her were the cuts she ’d inflicted on the budget of the Children ’s Health Insurance Program , generally known as CHIP — 150,000 youngsters removed from the rolls , half a million denied any dental and eye care , all in the name of lean government .
“ Children were never my primary concern , ” she said .
It was a remark she grew to regret .
… As expected , Wohlgemuth had the early lead in the polls .
But Chet Edwards ’s first TV ad changed everything , because it powerfully illustrated how real people were being hurt by the CHIP cuts .
Staring straight into the camera , in a black and white image that ’s as evocative as a Walker Evans photo , a woman named Jamie Jones held her daughter Bailey in her lap while she told her story .
Jamie was a hardworking woman , widowed when her husband died in a house fire , who worked every day to support her child , but now the state had cut off her daughter ’s health care coverage .
“ I love my daughter more than anything in the world , ” she said , “ and if she gets sick I do n’t know what I ’ll do . ”
The commercial did n’t mention Anne Wohlgemuth by name .
There was no need .
… The Jamie Jones ad damaged Wohlgemuth ’s credibility and stirred criticism from the press .
Wohlgemuth was forced to go on the defensive — instead of bragging about the budget cuts , she tried to minimize their effects — but to no avail .
… According to the exit polls , 11 percent of the voters — enough to swing the election — said that Wohlgemuth ’s record on children had made up their minds .
A quarter of those who supported Edwards said they were thinking foremost of children .
“ Wohlgemuth had to justify her vote to cut CHIP , but she couldn’t , ” the Dallas Morning News editorialized .
Then again , America 's kleptobankers may be wholly aware of the fledgling CE industry , and not the least bit wary .
The kleptobanks ' best risk managers may figure that Obama will never abandon their banks .
After all , why would Obama care that he can probably go a looong way toward winning a second term by fighting hard for said jobs stimulus , and by supporting America 's CE industry more generally ?
Why would Obama care that , with his vigorous support , America 's CE industry is almost certain to be wildly ascendant by the end of his second term ?
( For details , see part one and OpportuniTV.com . )
Of course , a thriving CE industry will want all lawmakers to understand how much their support is -- and will be -- appreciated .
Obama 's vigorous support for the industry , then , would make leading CE companies eager to present him with lucrative opportunities after he leaves office .
Opportunities with upside potential that is proportional to Obama 's support , it stands to reason .
But why would Obama care that , by securing a lot of CE upside , he would be at least a decent bet to become one of the richest private citizens the free world has ever known ?
Maybe even the richest .
From the July 7 , 2003 issue of The New Yorker :
Generally , productivity growth is a boon , but it creates problems for non-productive enterprises like classical music , education , and car repair : to keep luring talent , they have to increase wages , or else people eventually migrate to businesses that pay better .
Instead of becoming nurses or mechanics , they become telecom engineers or machinists .
That ’s why teachers are getting paid a lot more than they were twenty years ago .
( The average salary for an associate college professor has risen almost seventy per cent since the early eighties , and that ’s if you adjust for inflation . )
To pay those wages , schools and hospitals have to raise prices .
The result is that in industries where productivity is flat costs and prices keep going up .
Economists call this phenomenon ‘ Baumol ’s cost disease , ’ after William Baumol , the N.Y.U. economist who first made the diagnosis , using the Mozart analogy , in the sixties .
As anyone with kids knows , cost disease is alive and well .
A recent study by the economists Jack Triplett and Barry Bosworth demonstrates that among the service businesses that have been least productive in recent years you ’ll find education , insurance , health care , and entertainment .
These are the ones that have seen steep price hikes .
From the January / February 2004 issue of The Atlantic :
Baumol has predicted that the share of [ U.S. ] gross domestic product ... spent on education will rise from 6.7 percent to 29 percent [ in 2040 ] .
From 2008 book Disrupting Class : How Disruptive Innovation Will Change the Way the World Learns , co-authored by Clayton Christensen , which posits a business case for an online CE market :
The data suggest that by 2019 , about 50 percent of high school courses will be delivered online .
... 80 percent of courses taken in 2024 will have been taught online .
From a May 20 , 2004 article in The Economist :
" There has been a huge swing to custom programmes , " says Fiona van Haeringen of IESE , who attended a recent annual conference of business - education providers in America … Looking to this year , most saw growth coming mainly from customised education .
Peter Drucker -- the " king of the management gurus , " says the November 19 , 2009 issue of The Economist -- from a 2000 interview in Business 2.0 magazine :
The continuing professional education of adults is the No. 1 gross industry in the next 30 years , but not in the traditional form ... We will deliver most of our executive management programs online .
Stanford economist Paul Romer is the originator of New Growth Theory , which updates growth economics for the information age .
From Romer ’s entry on Economic Growth in the 2007 edition of The Concise Encyclopedia of Economics :
“ The country that takes the lead in the twenty - first century will be the one that implements an innovation that more effectively supports the production of new ideas in the private sector . ”
“ Perhaps the most important ideas of all are …ideas about how to support the production and transmission of other ideas … North Americans invented the modern research university …
As national markets for talent and education merge into unified global markets , opportunities for important policy innovation will surely emerge . ”
Still , the kleptobanks ’ best risk managers may not be concerned at all about Obama flipping .
After all , why would Obama be interested in the surest bet he can make to earn a mega - fortune , when doing nothing assures him a tidy sum from kleptobanking ?
Making the bet would require Obama to oversee a more expeditious build - out of America 's CE industry , remember .
Of course , he can delegate as much of the day - to - day overseeing as he wants -- but delegating can only asymptotically approach doing nothing ...
About guest blogger Frank Ruscica :
Set out to become a comedy writer , recognized the need to develop a comic persona , settled on an approach for doing so .
A byproduct of taking said approach : a business plan for establishing a popular CE market .
The plan has been praised by analysts at Microsoft , Amazon.com and top venture capital firm Draper Fisher Jurvetson ???
The plan is adapted and expanded on at OpportuniTV.com .
1 - What is Economics ?
2 - Economic Systems
3 - The Market System and Consumer Culture
4 - Products , the Environment and Consumer Choices
5 - Businesses Practices and Competition
6 - Measuring Economic Success
7 - The Role of Government
Activity 7 - 3 : Military Conversion
Theme :
How closing military bases can be redeveloped sustainably
Activity 7 - 2 : Green Plans
Theme : Governments that are moving towards a sustainable economy
Activity 7 - 1 : Federal Budget Game
Theme :
The spending priorities of the federal government
8 - Trade and the Global Economy
Activity 8 - 1 : The Global Athletic Shoe
Theme :
Where and how Nike shoes are made
Activity 8 - 2 : Trade Statistics , Imports and the WTO
Theme : US Trade profile , limits to imports and free trade
Flipping through Saveur the other day , I noticed that after Mexico , El Salvador sends the highest number of emigrants to Los Angeles .
Seattle is no Los Angeles .
But , North Broadway has a couple of Mexican restaurants ( the under appreciated Galerias and noisy La Puerta ) already .
So , it ’s fitting that Salvodoran food finally gains some representation in the area .
In April 2010 , the pedestrian mall at 219 Broadway ( home to Table 219 , Kimchi Bistro and Hana ) will also house the second outpost of Guanaco ’s Tacos Pupuseria .
We spoke to Eduardo Revelo , a member of the family that runs the business , and he confirmed that he hopes to open this second outlet of Guanaco ’s Tacos by mid-April .
He said that the Capitol Hill location will differ from the University District location in having a bigger kitchen and offering more entrees at dinner .
As with the University District location , vegetarian items will be marked clearly on the menu .
He plans to be open daily from 11 am to 10 pm and plans to sell beer and wine .
He also promises more desserts .
Dumpling Dojo officially opens for business today .
They will be open daily at 5:30 pm ( closed on Mondays ) and will stay open till 10 pm on weekdays or 11 pm on weekends – or until they sell out of their dumplings .
They had a soft opening late last week ( thanks Quazie ) but are now fully open to the public .
You can take a look at Quazie ’s menu photo for an idea of the seven dumplings on offer ( six in wrappers and one is a gnudi “ naked ” noodle soup ) .
Note that the menu is subject to change and also a bit blurry .
Uyen states that she is looking to see which dumplings are most popular : “ I ’m trying to see which ones are most favorable .
I ’ll keep the popular ones on my core menu and rotate the others , so it ’s likely there will not be as many each night .
They are very labor intensive and when you sell 5 to an order time that ’s several hundreds if not thousands of dumplings made by hand .
I have a small staff and can only work them so hard until there palms are bruised from rolling dough or fingers cramped from folding . ”
Remember that this is a temporary location for Dumpling Dojo – they will have to move out in a few months to make room for Bank of America .
So , if you are close by , give them a try – while they are still conveniently on Broadway .
DO remember the basics .
When I was in college , I got into a fight with my girlfriend .
When she left , I decided to follow her so that I could continue to scream .
I knew I was too drunk to drive , but I told myself that it was a short distance across campus and that I would be careful .
I drove slowly , I came to complete stops , and I used my turn signal .
I was only pulled over because I was doing all of these things on the wrong side of the road .
DO dress warmly .
I can only speak for the drunk tank in Jefferson County , Indiana , but I think it 's safe to say that most jails are n't known for being cozy .
I spent the night curled up on a wooden bench shivering because it was after a party at my fraternity , and I was wearing a long - sleeved striped shirt , a swimsuit , and no shoes .
My mugshot does n't show the word DOUCHEBAG on my forehead , but it might as well .
DO perjure yourself effectively .
When I showed up for my court date , I was one of a number of drug and alcohol - related offenders on trial , but I was the only one wearing a shirt and tie instead of an orange jumpsuit .
The judge made it clear that he did not see any difference between me and them .
He asked when the last time I drank was .
The answer he wanted was " Not since I was arrested . "
The truthful answer was " I 'm one month away from graduating college and I feel like I just ruined my life .
I get drunk everyday . "
Like This !
Tweet This !
Tweet Stumbles : 13 13
But two studies released this fall added a sour note to the clarion call .
At the beginning of November , Greener World Media issued a report by Rob Watson .
The editor of GreenerBuildings.com , Watson is renowned for developing the USGBC ’s Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design rating system ( popularly known as LEED ) .
Watson ’s report included impressive data on market trends , land impact , and water efficiency for LEED projects .
When it came to energy savings , though , the numbers were discouraging .
“ Some LEED buildings are not performing as expected given their design and technology elements , ” Watson stated bluntly .
“ This is an area of controversy and a source of great attention by the U.S. Green Building Council . ”
Another report — released at the end of October by the USGBC ’s Chicago chapter and its partners — put a finer point on the problem .
The study looked at the median efficiency of LEED - certified buildings in Illinois and found that they were performing only 5 percent better than their non-LEED counterparts throughout the region .
Fewer than 30 percent of the buildings were eligible for the government ’s ENERGY STAR label .
And the Platinum and Gold LEED buildings were no more efficient than those that had Silver or basic LEED certifications .
Given all the buzz and optimism surrounding green buildings — and the meticulous detail of the LEED rating system — these findings might seem puzzling .
But they make more sense up close .
Anyone seeking LEED certification can choose from a menu of eco-friendly credits .
Instead of selecting energy - minded features like efficient mechanical systems , developers often reach for the low - hanging fruit .
They might use paints that have low levels of volatile organic compounds or install cabinets made from rapidly renewable wood .
They may opt to recycle their construction waste or increase airflow throughout the building .
All of these choices fulfill the “ Environmental Design ” half of the LEED bargain , saving trees and improving the quality of human life , and many of them help minimize pollution during the construction phase .
But none of them prevents an occupied building from guzzling fuel and pouring greenhouse gases into the atmosphere for years to come .
When the Illinois study looked at cases where engineers had taken the time to labor over sophisticated energy models , it found that 75 percent of those buildings fell short of expectations .
The fault presumably lay with building managers who made numerous small mistakes — overheating , overcooling , misusing timers , miscalibrating equipment .
The buildings ’ owners , with LEED banners already hanging in their lobbies , had little incentive to demand better day - to - day performance .
At a building science symposium in Westford , Massachusetts , former heating systems contractor Henry Gifford roundly criticized the USGBC for letting LEED recipients rest on their laurels in this way .
“ They do n’t have to do a good job , ” he noted , “ because nothing they do will screw up the greenness of that building . ”
A new type of nuclear reactor — smaller than a rail car and one tenth the cost of a big plant — is emerging as a contender to reshape the nation 's resurgent nuclear power industry .
Three big utilities , Tennessee Valley Authority , First Energy Corp. and Oglethorpe Power Corp. , on Wednesday signed an agreement with McDermott International Inc. 's Babcock & Wilcox subsidiary , committing to get the new reactor approved for commercial use in the U.S .
Although ...
Gun advocates plan to continue the fine Bay Area tradition of protest this weekend in San Francisco when members of Bay Area Open Carry take advantage of a new federal law allowing firearms in federal parks .
On Saturday , the group will meet for a picnic and pick up trash at the Presidio , which is part of the Golden Gate National Recreation Area , one of the most popular destinations in the National Park system .
It is the group ’s first San Francisco gathering , according to Jon Schwartz , an organizer with the group .
What are they hoping to achieve beyond creating the odd spectacle of a group of people picking up trash while carrying unloaded guns at an Army post turned national park ?
“ As long as it ’s legal for a person to own a gun , you ought to be able to obtain a concealed - carry license , ” said Mr. Schwartz , 38 , an electrical engineer who lives in Livermore .
It is up to the local police or sheriff ’s departments to issue a “ concealed carry ” permit , which allows a person to carry a loaded , concealed weapon .
In 2007 , six were issued in San Francisco , 195 in Alameda and 183 in Contra Costa Counties , according to a report [ PDF ] by the state attorney general ’s office .
Many of the group ’s members say restrictions on permits are unfair to law - abiding citizens and , in general , they hope to raise awareness of constraints on the right to bear arms , said Mr. Schwartz .
In recent weeks , the group , a loosely affiliated bunch that has 1,095 members on Facebook , has made headlines as its members and supporters have shown up at restaurants and coffee shops openly carrying unloaded , holstered weapons , which they are legally permitted to do in many public places under California law .
Peet ’s Coffee & Tea , California Pizza Kitchen and the Buckhorn Grill have all asked the group not to patronize their businesses while openly carrying a firearm , according to The Contra Costa Times .
Starbucks has allowed Open Carry get - togethers on its premises , prompting the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence to circulate a petition that has gathered more than 27,000 signatures asking Starbucks to prohibit such gatherings .
“ Espresso Shots .
Not Gunshots , ” the petition reads .
“ It ’s a little bit rude , ” said Peter Hamm , national communications director for the Brady Campaign .
“ We get it , we understand that you have this right , now leave the gun in the car , because people are trying to get a cup of coffee . ”
Stacey Krum , a Starbucks spokesperson , said in a statement that “ the safety of our customers and partners is a paramount concern .
We have existing security protocols in place to handle situations related to safety in our stores . ”
For Mr. Schwartz , safety is the issue .
When more people are able to carry a concealed weapon , “ the criminal element that is waiting to prey on the presumed unarmed citizen , that criminal is going to have to think a whole lot harder about who he ’s going after , ” he said .
The Presidio , meanwhile , will “ welcome all visitors and will work within the law to ensure the safety and comfort of everyone who comes ” to the park , said Dana Polk , a spokeswoman with the Presidio Trust , which manages the park .
“ As long as the weapon is unloaded , they can travel to the event , ” said Lt. Lyn Tomioka , a spokeswoman with the San Francisco Police Department spokesperson in an e-mail message .
“ Guns can scare people and if we get calls of that nature , for the public and officer safety reasons , we will treat that weapon as loaded until determined otherwise . ”
How police officers really feel about the Open Carry protests became an issue this month , when an East Palo Alto officer ’s joke on his personal Facebook page seemed to imply that he might shoot Open Carry members .
“ Quite honestly I feel a little unsafe going to East Palo Alto right now , ” Adnan Shahab , who goes out in public displaying an unloaded gun on his belt , told KTVU .
Chocolate Protects Against High Blood Pressure , Stroke A new study suggests yet another potential benefit of chocolate consumption .
March 30 , 2010  -- Willy Wonka may have been on the right track -- chocolate may be a sweet way to control blood pressure and thus protect the heart , according to a report from German researchers .
But before you stock up on chocolate bunnies , consider this : the chocolate benefit was greatest among people who consumed about 7.5 grams of chocolate daily .
That works out to about a quarter of an ounce , which is barely a nibble from a typical Hershey bar , which weighs in at 1.55 ounces .
Nonetheless consuming 7.5 grams of chocolate daily resulted in a significantly lower blood pressure than consuming just a sprinkle of it daily , according to Brian Buijsse of the German Institute of Human Nutrition in Nuthetal , Germany , and colleagues .
They reported their findings online in the European Heart Journal .
" It 's a little early to make recommendations [ about chocolate consumption ] , " Buijsse told MedPage Today , cautioning that more studies are needed .
" But a future recommendation could be that if people eat a small amount of chocolate , they can replace it for something else , maybe leaving out a snack or another sweet . "
Chocolate has been studied extensively over the past decade for its potential benefits on the heart and vasculature .
Just last month , a study found that chocolate reduces the risk of stroke .
For the present study , the researchers studied almost 20,000 patients who were enrolled in a large European cancer study .
All the patients were age 35 to 65 and the study was conducted from 1994 to 2006 .
Dietary habits and health outcomes were assessed via questionnaire , and the cohort was followed for a mean of eight years .
The researchers also asked a subset of 1,568 patients to recall their chocolate intake over a 24 - hour period to determine which type of chocolate they ate -- white , milk , or dark .
On average blood pressure was about one point lower for both systolic -- the first number in blood pressure -- and diastolic , they said .
During follow - up , there were a total of 166 heart attacks and 136 strokes .
Those who ate the most chocolate had a 39 percent lower risk of the combined outcome of heart attack and stroke .
" The association was stronger for stroke , " Buijsse said .
" That 's logical because high blood pressure is a stronger risk factor for stroke than for heart disease . "
Baseline blood pressure explained just 12 percent of this lower risk , the researchers added .
Buijsse said that a " healthy user " effect is unlikely in this study because consumption of fruits , vegetables , and dairy was inversely related to chocolate consumption .
" Despite lower intakes of fruits and vegetables , they still had a lower risk of heart disease , " he said .
The researchers said dark chocolate might hold more benefit over all other types of chocolate , because it is particularly high in flavonols .
These compounds may improve endothelial function by improving the elasticity of blood vessels , Buijsse said .
Yet he cautioned that people should n't increase their overall caloric intake by adding chocolate to their diet .
" Chocolate is very calorie rich , " Buijsse said .
" Studies show that if people eat 25 grams a day , they will gain weight .
Weight gain will lead to overweight and obesity , which has detrimental effects on blood pressure , heart disease , and even cancer , so we do n't want that . "
But if chocolate can replace other snacks in the diet , that should be beneficial , he added .
The researchers said they need more randomized controlled trials before they can make definite recommendations about chocolate intake .
The study was limited because chocolate consumption was estimated by only one item in the questionnaire , and thus may have been underestimated .
Also , dietary intake , risk factors , and blood pressure were assessed at baseline only , so the study assumes these variables remained stable over time .
Finally , it was limited by self - reported data .
Deep in the tangle of privet in what was once a smoky waste pile for coal mines near Pratt City , author Douglas Blackmon is pointing out to a crew of documentary filmmakers subtle depressions in the moist forest floor .
The depressions form , he explains , when pine boxes rot and collapse , creating the only visible reminder of hundreds , perhaps thousands , of unmarked graves .
The men in these graves , almost all of them black , were convicts forced to labor in hellish conditions in the coal mines that powered Birmingham 's iron and steel industry in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
That 's a central theme of Blackmon 's book , " Slavery by Another Name : The Re-Enslavement of Black Americans from the Civil War Until World War II , " which won the 2009 non-fiction Pulitzer Prize .
Blackmon , a reporter for The Wall Street Journal , was in town last week to speak to Leadership Birmingham .
His book tells how Southern states in the decades following the Civil War developed a system of arresting blacks on flimsy charges and then selling them to plantations , lumber camps and mines for hard labor in deplorable circumstances .
In Alabama , the convict - lease system persisted until 1928 , longer than in any other state .
The book 's central narrative follows Green Cottenham , a son of former slaves .
He was arrested in Columbiana in March 1908 .
His sentence for vagrancy amounted to six months of hard labor .
Sold by Shelby County to U.S. Steel subsidiary Tennessee Coal , Iron and Railroad Co. , Cottenham served his sentence in shackles , alongside more than 1,000 convicts at TCI 's Pratt mines , digging coal with a pick in the dark and damp .
If he did n't meet his daily quota of eight tons , he faced a lashing , according to Blackmon 's account .
He slept chained in an overcrowded and unsanitary bunkhouse with 200 prisoners .
In five months , he was dead of tuberculosis and buried among the other mine debris .
The book caught the eye of two prominent documentary filmmakers -- Catherine Allan and Sam Pollard -- who are working on turning Blackmon 's book into a film scheduled to air on PBS in 2011 .
But , until now , the book has received little attention in Birmingham .
Confronting history
Blackmon , who grew up in the Mississippi Delta and has family roots in Alabama , understands people here have developed a weariness of the discussion of the racial injustices of the past .
" There has n't been much reaction at all out of Birmingham , " he said .
But Blackmon and the documentary crew hope that will change .
The story of the convict - lease system and how it worked in tandem with other Jim Crow - era laws has been discussed by scholars , but neglected in the general understanding of history .
Understanding it explains a lot .
Klan violence may have been dramatic , but it was the regular function of the legal and economic system that created the more constant and pervasive terror that kept blacks subjugated until the civil rights movement , Blackmon argues .
" I do n't think Birmingham or anywhere else has confronted the magnitude of what happened . "
Blackmon 's book grew out of a Wall Street Journal article nine years ago .
At the time , corporations were examining and apologizing for their connections to Hitler 's persecution of the Jews or to slavery in America .
Blackmon wrote about the convict - lease system and found that most modern corporations with links to the system knew little about it .
U.S. Steel declined to comment Friday about the corporation 's mention in Blackmon 's book .
After Reconstruction , Southern whites began to reassert their control over blacks politically and through the legal system .
When cash - strapped governments found they could make money leasing out prisoners , arrests increased .
Laws were either tailored to or selectively enforced against black men , Blackmon found in his research .
If you were jobless , you could be arrested for vagrancy .
At a time when carrying a gun was common , blacks were often charged with carrying a concealed weapon , a law rarely enforced against whites .
The same went for the use of profanity or speaking loudly in the presence of a white woman .
When labor needs were acute , arrests spiked and convict leasing became a major source of revenue at the state and local levels .
TCI -- the company that leased Cottenham -- paid Shelby County $ 12 a month per man in the mines .
In addition to a three - month sentence , Cottenham was required to pay fees to the sheriff , judge and local officials totaling $ 38.40 .
That tacked another three months onto his sentence in the mines .
Convict labor fees
The deputy who arrested Cottenham received a fee for each convict he delivered to the mine , plus expenses for his trip .
In fact , the deputy and the sheriff in most counties derived their entire compensation from this commerce in human lives .
Birmingham area industries fought for as many inmates as they could get from the state and from local governments .
Though it's hard to imagine a system worse than slavery , the convict - lease system may have been , Blackmon writes .
At least a slavemaster would theoretically have some interest in the health and longevity of his principal assets , his slaves .
But in the mines , quarries , plantations and turpentine camps around the South , there was no shortage of potential convicts for lease and no penalty for letting a prisoner die .
The convicts not only provided a cheap source of labor , they were a weapon against unions because they kept mines running when free workers held strikes .
John T. Milner , one of Birmingham 's founding fathers , helped pioneer the use of slaves in industrial settings before and during the Civil War .
After the war , Milner became a vocal proponent of white supremacy and a major user of convict labor .
Conditions at his company 's slave mines at Coalburg , Flat Top and New Castle were even more horrific than those at the Pratt mines , according to Blackmon 's book .
High mortality rates
Blackmon 's book is carefully sourced and much of the detail comes from prison inspectors who were often upset and revolted at the conditions they saw , with mortality rates that at times exceeded 30 percent .
Shirley Bragg , president of the Board of Inspectors of Convicts , wrote in 1905 : " If the state wishes to kill its convicts , it should do it directly not indirectly . "
A Republican U.S. attorney in Montgomery , Warren Reese , with the initial backing of Theodore Roosevelt 's Justice Department , waged a public crusade against the new slavery .
The case made headlines across the country but ultimately failed to bring down the system that had forced many blacks back into bondage .
Even though the case was national news , descendants of some of the principal players knew nothing about it .
Reese 's grandson is Montgomery Circuit Judge Gene Reese , who in the 1990s ruled that inequalities in the way Alabama schools were funded violated the Alabama Constitution .
It was Blackmon who revealed to Reese his ancestor 's role .
Reading the book , Robert Corley , director of UAB's Global and Community Leaders Honor Program , was shocked to discover something he'd never known about his great - grandfather , Robert Franklin .
Franklin , a constable and shopkeeper in Goodwater , was convicted of rounding up blacks and essentially selling them to a plantation owner .
Franklin was fined $ 1,000 .
Corley said no one in his family knew the story and they have been struggling to comprehend it .
Franklin continued in business .
When he died in 1946 , Franklin 's estate was worth about $ 1 million .
Corley said his own ability to go to college and obtain advanced degrees was in some part due to Franklin 's prosperity .
Corley , who helped design the Birmingham Civil Rights Institute and was a founding member of its board , wonders about the damage done to the men his great - grandfather arrested .
" My great - grandfather was a real criminal , " Corley said .
" These others he arrested were not , and yet he did n't suffer any real consequences . "
Odessa Woolfolk , the BCRI 's former board president , said more attention should be paid to the period between Reconstruction and the civil rights movement .
Some worry about bringing up the story , but the facts need to be faced , she said .
" We have a tendency to want to sweep unpleasant facts under the rug , " she said .
" I hope that there gets to be more public discussion about the book and the history that the book recalls . "
Recognition due
The documentarians involved are some of the country 's best .
Allan , now a producer for Twin Cities Public Television , was the executive director for " Hoop Dreams , " an acclaimed documentary about the aspirations of inner-city basketball players .
Pollard directed episodes of the civil rights documentary " Eyes on the Prize " and has worked with Spike Lee on several films including " 4 Little Girls , " Lee 's documentary about the Sixteenth Street Baptist Church bombing .
Blackmon said he hoped the book would foster discussion .
" Enough time has passed now that we really ought to be able to talk about these things , " he said .
" If we do , we really have to have a much clearer of understanding of how we got to where we are now . "
Blackmon would at least like to see some recognition of the laborers who perished and are buried in that forgotten tangle of privet .
" It deserves some sort of acknowledgment that it even exists , " he said .
Learn more : www.slaverybyanothername.com/
and www.tpt.org/national/sban/
The police in the Norwegian capital Oslo revealed that 2009 set yet another record : compared to 2008 , there were twice as many cases of assault rapes .
In each and every case , not only in 2008 and 2009 but also in 2007 , the offender was a non-Western immigrant .
At the same time , in 9 out of 10 cases , the victim was Norwegian , not just by nationality , but also by ethnicity .
— Two men followed me home .
When I opened the door to my apartment , they assaulted me , and raped me one after the other , a young woman tells NRK , the Norwegian public broadcast service .
She is one of the victims of an assault rape of 2009 .
According to the police , not a single one of the offenders had a Western background .
Four people have been arrested .
In all other cases , the victims reported that the offenders either looked like non-Western immigrants , or they spoke a non-Western language .
Not a single case has been connected to a Western man .
Twenty - one cases were reported in 2009 , the highest number since police started recording them in 2006 .
Nine of out ten victims were Norwegian – ethnically Norwegian – both in 2009 ( 17 out of 21 ) and 2008 ( 9 out of 11 ) .
Hanne Kristine Rohde , the spokeswoman for the Oslo police , raises the question what sort of view these offenders have on women .
( CNN ) --
The remains of two people have been found in an Austin , Texas , building where a man crashed a small plane , authorities said .
The identities of the two dead people have not been confirmed , the Austin Fire Department said in a statement .
Two other people who were injured in the incident were taken to a hospital , and 11 others were treated for minor injuries , Austin Police Chief Art Acevedo said .
Authorities said Andrew Joseph Stack III , 53 , an Austin resident with an apparent grudge against the Internal Revenue Service , set his house on fire Thursday and then crashed a Piper Cherokee PA - 28 into the building , which houses an IRS office with nearly 200 employees , federal officials said .
" This appears to be an intentional act by a sole individual , " Acevedo said at a news conference .
A fire created by the crash had been put out , save for some small areas , officials said .
Fire crews were expected to continue to work through the night .
Pilot : ' I have just had enough '
Clues about what led to Thursday incident were few , but attention was directed at a message on a Web site registered to Stack appears to be a suicide note .
" If you 're reading this , you 're no doubt asking yourself , ' Why did this have to happen ? ' " the message says .
" The simple truth is that it is complicated and has been coming for a long time . "
In the lengthy , rambling message , the writer rails against the government and , particularly , the IRS .
See text of the note ( PDF )
The building into which the airplane crashed is a federal IRS center with 199 employees .
" I saw it written once that the definition of insanity is repeating the same process over and over and expecting the outcome to suddenly be different , " the online message says .
" I am finally ready to stop this insanity .
Well , Mr. Big Brother IRS man , let 's try something different ; take my pound of flesh and sleep well . "
An IRS spokesman said the agency is prohibited by federal law from releasing or talking about any interactions or transactions they have had with Stack .
Two people , both males , were taken to University Medical Center Brackenridge , according to Matilda Sanchez , a spokeswoman for Seton Family of Hospitals , which runs the medical center .
One patient was treated and released later Thursday , Sanchez said .
The other was transferred to Brooke Army Medical Center in San Antonio , Texas .
The transferred patient suffered burns on 20 to 25 percent of his body , mostly on his back , she said .
He is in serious and stable condition .
Austin Mayor Lee Leffingwell tried to calm any concerns residents could have about the crash and the huge fire , which he said was mostly contained .
" It is an isolated incident , " the mayor said .
" The people of Austin , the people of the nation , are in no danger whatsoever . "
" There is evidence that the gas tank was just about full .
...
That amount of gasoline ... can do a lot of damage , " he said .
Witnesses said nearby buildings shook .
Fire and smoke could be seen billowing into the sky .
See iReport photos and videos from the scene
" I just saw smoke and flames , " said CNN iReporter Mike Ernest .
" I could not believe what I was seeing .
It was just smoke and flames everywhere . "
The crash occurred around 10 a.m .
Firefighters used two ladder trucks and other equipment to hose down the blaze at the Echelon office building , which police said is in the 9400 block of Research Boulevard .
The flames seemed mostly extinguished about 75 minutes later .
The FAA said preliminary information indicated the plane departed Georgetown Municipal Airport north of Austin about 9:40 a.m .
Initial indications are that the flight originated there but there were conflicting reports , said Jack Lillis , an attendant at Georgetown airport .
The pilot evidently did not file a flight plan , the FAAsaid .
No flight plan was required because flights Thursday morning were under visual flight rules , or VFR , because of clear weather .
Two F - 16 fighter jets were sent from Houston as a precaution , but federal authorities said preliminary information did not indicate any terrorist connection .
" We do not yet know the cause of the plane crash , " the Department of Homeland Security said in a release .
" At this time , we have no reason to believe there is a nexus to terrorist activity .
We continue to gather more information , and are aware there is additional information about the pilot 's history . "
CNN 's Jeanne Meserve and Mallory Simon contributed to this report .
Cats .
You ’ve seen them doing weird and outrageous stuff all over the Internet and their absurd behavior has made them the poster children of the most cute and insane pets one could own .
The common house cat will surprise their owner with weird behavior that is sometimes indescribable and alien - like .
All of the attention - seeking behavior boils down to their greatest trait – being able to manipulate owners into getting what they want ( See Great Sphinx of Giza ) .
Weird behaviors in cats have been studied with little to no real explanation , expect for the thought that when a kitten is removed from its mother at too early of an age it develops strange psychological behaviors , such as pulling out a gun on you .
1 .
Kneading
Was your cat a baker in another life ?
No , your cat is most likely recalling its kitten days when it would knead the nipples of its mother to get milk .
The kneading motion consists of the cat pushing in and pulling out on material , like a soft blanket , with its front paws .
A popular theory for why cats knead is that the cat was most likely taken from its mother too early .
Another theory is that kneading is an inherited trait from ancestors to make a specific area for resting comfortable .
The cat is calm , content and affectionate when kneading and will often purr loudly and possibly suck on the blanket that it is kneading .
Link
2 .
Sucking
Some people may think that dogs rule and that cats suck .
Well , some cats suck .
Your cat may lick and suck on your wool or cotton materials .
This really is n’t a problem if you do n’t mind a little cat spit .
This unexplained behavior is also theorized to come from early weaning of kittens .
This behavior is n’t dangerous as long as your cat does n’t ingest lint , wool or other materials when sucking .
A cat will also often encourage you to pet it while it sucks .
However , most cats grow out of this behavior and move on to much stranger , unexpected behaviors .
Link
3 .
Head Butting
When your cat gives you a head butt , consider it like receiving a high five from your furry little friend .
No , your cat was n’t a ram in a past life either .
This is just another way that some cats show affection .
Go ahead and head butt your cat when is starts to slowly charge its head to you .
Not too hard though , just enough to reciprocate the strange affection .
Link
4 .
Immediate Cleaning
So , you go up to a cat and pet it a couple of times and then it quickly licks the area of fur you just petted .
Do n’t feel offended ; cats are animals that love to be clean .
Just as some people do n’t like cat scents , some cats do n’t like people scents .
It ’s a popular theory that cats have the urge to rid themselves of human smells as often as possible , especially when they are not in the mood to be pet .
However , if you ’re an optimist you could go with the theory that the cat just wants to indulge in the taste of your scent .
Link
5 .
Burying
You may see you cat pretending to bury the area near its food bowl after its done eating .
Perhaps you cat is just being imaginative or maybe your cat is trying to say it does n’t like the food .
No one really knows why a cat acts out a burying motion , but many believe the behavior comes from an ancient instinct that has been passed down genetically .
Cats are known for burying their feces in their litter box , so maybe they ’re telling you that the food you ’re giving them is no better than cat poop .
Pretty rude , huh ?
Link
6 .
Catnipping
Catnip , or nepeta , is a plant that most commonly grows near railroads and is known for its mesmerizing effect on cats .
Some cats may sniff a little bit of this stuff and act like they have taken a hallucinatory drug , and some cats might act like they have a harsh buzz by aggressively attacking other cats and objects .
Often cats will roll over on their backs , eat the catnip or simply ignore it .
Often non-effective with kittens , the catnip phenomenon is hereditary in different breeds of cats , but simply amusing to owners when it is effective .
Link
7 .
Sneering
You may wonder why your cat is putting on an Elvis impression after it has sniffed something .
The behavior that makes a cat appear as if it is sneering is known as flehming , and it happens when a cat smells something intriguing to its senses .
The upper lip of the cat will curl back and the odor will draw further into the roof of the cat ’s mouth , known as the Jacobson ’s organ .
In my own experience , I ’ve seen one of my cats sniff another cat ’s butt and then sneer .
Link
8 .
Drinking from Faucets
Your cat loves running water whether you know it or not .
Many cats secretly love water as long as it is on their terms .
If water is dripping from a faucet your cat may try to lick all the water that comes out of it .
Cats love fresh water , but the sound and sight of running water can put some cats into a euphoric trance .
You may even see your cat move their paw around in their water dish at times .
This is because they love the motion of the moving water so much .
Link
9 .
Human Grooming
Your cat knows you too well .
Your cat comes up behind you while you ’re sitting on your sofa and begins licking your hair .
You are one with your cat now as your cat thinks you are a cat too ( or just some tall , weird cat that can bring it food ) .
Some cats may even try licking your legs , arms , hands or face .
It ’s another one of their strange ways of showing affection , but it ’s also free bath .
Link
10 .
The Surprise Attack
Just when you thought you and your cat were the best of friends ( face licking , kneading , head butting , etc. ) , your cat surprises you with a full on ninja attack as you put your socks away into your dresser drawer .
Cats like to sleep in dark , hidden places and sometimes you may startle them to the point where they may jump out at you .
Another scenario is that your cat has been waiting , crouched in your bathtub all evening for you to enter butt naked .
Yes , cats are unpredictable and strange creatures .
That ’s why I shower with my clothes on .
Link
Written by Greg Lindberg – Copyrighted © www.weirdworm.com
Washington ( CNN ) --
Secretary of Defense Robert Gates has notified Congress of plans to allow women to serve aboard submarines , a Defense Department official said Tuesday .
Letters of intent were sent Monday to Congress , which has requested briefings on the matter , said the official , who asked not to be identified .
There will be no vote on the matter in Congress .
The change was recommended by the chief of naval operations and the secretary of the Navy in addition to Gates , the official said , adding that there was no opposition to the move among Navy leaders .
A phased approach is being considered under which officers -- who already have separate living quarters -- would be the first to go co-ed , followed by crews , with the women bunking together , the official said .
Crew space would have to be modified prior to that happening , the official added .
The submarines expected to carry women initially would be the larger ones -- nuclear - powered , missile - carrying submarines known as SSBN and SSGN , the official said .
Women joined the crews of the Navy 's surface ships in 1993 , but officials had previously cited limited privacy and the cost of reconfiguring the vessels in arguing against their joining sub crews .
Last September , Chief of Naval Operations Adm. Gary Roughead described himself as " very comfortable addressing integrating women into the submarine force . "
" Accommodations are a factor , but not insurmountable , " he said .
Clementine 's Day
We hope you enjoy this Bonus Extra Special Edition Valentine 's Day comic .
Alt - Text : Roses are red , clementines are orange , this poem is lame , ' cause nothing rhymes with orange .
It 's not often you ask a question which completely silences some of Britain 's leading minds on security .
But it happened this week at a briefing by Olympic security chiefs from the Met Police , Home Office and 2012 .
Why , I asked , were there clauses in the Olympic
Act which allow the police to raid the homes of people with anti-2012 posters in their front windows ?
Chris Allison , the man in charge of the Games at the Met Police , had just told me that the police would not be using the powers in the Act to do this .
By Denise Winterman and Finlo Rohrer
BBC News Magazine
No sooner is one legal high banned than another appears .
The latest facing calls for a bar is mephedrone , or m-cat .
It 's part of a war of attrition between dealers and the authorities .
So how does it all work ?
SPOT THE DIFFERENCE - LEGAL V ILLEGAL COMPOUNDS
Small structural changes to an illegal chemical can create a new legal compound Legal high dealers scour scientific literature for substances similar to recreational drugs
These are then produced by legitimate chemical firms , typically in China
It 's a thriving market - and an increasingly worrying one for the government .
Legal and herbal highs are nothing new , but ever stronger variants are emerging all the time and legal loopholes are being exploited to make them easily available .
The death of Louis Wainwright , 18 , and Nicholas Smith , 19 , on Monday has raised concerns again .
The two friends died after taking the legal stimulant mephedrone which is used as an alternative to ecstasy and cocaine .
Their parents are now calling on the government to ban it .
Under medicines legislation it is illegal to sell it for human consumption , but it is sold as a plant fertiliser and is available on the internet for as little as £ 4 .
Just the one - line warning " not for human consumption " covers suppliers legally .
It is the latest in a string of legal highs to be scrutinised .
Such substances mimic the effects of illegal drugs , but are not controlled by the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 .
They can be anything from herbal blends to synthetic chemicals .
It is a very difficult area because as soon as one thing gets banned , then there are others that come on to the market
Maryon Stewart
Parents call for mephedrone ban Several were banned last year after they were linked to deaths .
These included GBL , which was used as a substitute for banned drug GHB , and some synthetic cannabinoids - man-made chemicals sprayed on herbal smoking products - such as " spice " .
There 's a bewildering array of similarly named drugs with different legal statuses .
M- cat is one of the street names for mephedrone , but it is also in use for the illegal substance methcathinone .
Drugs in the UK are banned by the home secretary , with parliamentary backing .
But the initial steps are usually taken by the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs ( ACMD ) , which advises the government on drug - related issues .
The ACMD is an independent expert body made up scientists , experts from the pharmaceutical industry , police and drug charities .
Its job is to investigate a substance which is being " misused or appears to be being misused " and " is having or appears to be capable of having harmful effects sufficient to cause a social problem " .
That can be anything from legal highs to alcohol .
In recent years it has suggested a ban on selling strong lagers and beers .
The council can be asked to investigate a substance - by the government or the public - or do it off its own bat .
Chemical listing
It has often started gathering evidence on a specific drug before it has hit the headlines because it has such good contacts in the field , says Harry Shapiro of drugs advice charity DrugScope .
Legal highs mimic the effects of illegal drugs " The ACMD 's members come from across the profession so its intelligence on substances and how they are being used is very good , " he says .
If the council favours a ban , it recommends this to the home secretary , who proposes an amendment to the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 .
This goes before parliament for approval and if voted through goes onto the statute books to become law .
The ACMD is expected to report back to the government at the end of this month on mephedrone .
It 's a robust process , " as it should be " , says Mr Shapiro .
" This is changing the law , not just issuing a public health warning .
A knee - jerk response is not the answer . "
Dr John Ramsey , head of drugs database unit TicTac Communications at St George 's University of London , agrees .
" Essentially the problem is in writing legislation which controls what you want to control without inadvertently controlling something you do n't intend to .
The pharmaceutical industry needs to be able to continue its business , the chemical business needs to be able to supply chemicals for legitimate use .
" Some countries have a list of chemicals that are banned which is fraught with problems .
The British legislation has been somewhat generic .
We have described the chemical structure of compounds rather than the names .
It covers things that we currently know about or that we think might come about . "
Designer / designed
This approach has benefits in that it can cover drugs before they rise to prominence .
Mephedrone is seen as an alternative to ecstasy " Ecstasy was already controlled by the misuse of drugs act by the generic legislation although it was n't named in the act , " says Dr Ramsey .
But for some campaigners , like Maryon Stewart , whose 21 - year - old daughter Hester died after taking GBL , the process is long and cumbersome .
" It is a very difficult area because as soon as one thing gets banned , then there are others that come on to the market , " she says .
Most agree the rapid evolution of such " designer drugs " ( or , more correctly " designed drugs " ) is a big problem .
Although the term first rose to prominence in the 1980s , it may be more prevalent than ever , says Dr Ramsey .
The core of the problem is that none of these drugs have been properly tested to see how toxic they are to humans .
" Quantitatively it has become much more significant .
People are being much more innovative than they were - they are coming from leftfield . "
In some cases legal high traders have consciously looked for a tiny variation to an existing compound .
The " beta keto " family is one such case , says Dr Ramsey .
" They have looked at things like MDMA , MDEA and MBDB [ all bracketed as " ecstasy " ] , chemically modifying those to bring them outside control . "
So you have chemicals used recreationally , and with some of the same effects as ecstasy , that are not illegal .
They are sold openly in legal high shops .
Made to order
But there is no suggestion that there is a generation of brilliant bedroom chemists out there dedicated to finding legal highs .
Instead , their job is done by legitimate chemists .
This can be seen in the example of " Spice " .
A group of chemicals have been identified that are similar to the active ingredient in cannabis , THC .
The friends had taken mephedrone " Those have come about because somebody has looked at the pharmacology literature and found papers where these were investigated as potential analgesics , synthesised because they were like cannabis and discarded because they made people high , " says Dr Ramsey .
" They read the appropriate literature , contact the Chinese chemical industry and say ' make me this ' .
It needs a modicum of intelligence but not a great deal of pharmacological knowledge .
These chemicals , for example 1 - alkyl - 3 - ( 1 - naphthoyl ) indoles , were created by a legitimate scientist and then hijacked by the legal high searchers . "
And underlying all of it is the problem that many hijacked chemicals may currently or later have a valid use .
But campaigners say the process for banning substances in the UK can be adjusted to stop the law always being behind the market .
In New Zealand new drugs are put into a special category , where it is not illegal to sell or possess them but their effects are monitored .
In Germany emergency regulations can be used to make a new , unregulated drug illegal for the first year , giving toxicologists the chance to investigate and decide whether it is dangerous or not .
But no system is perfect , and even if it was the problems with legal highs would n't stop overnight , warns Mr Shapiro .
" The way we go about banning a drug in the UK does seem like a long process when there have been deaths , but just by making something illegal you do n't just turn off the tap . "
Below is a selection of your comments .
Thank you so much for bringing this substance to the attention of the public .
My son started using this substance and it completely changed his life .
He became obnoxious , rude , aggressive and sold all his possessions .
His so - called friends took him to the cleaners for sat navs , mobile phones , computers and let them use his car as well .
We called the police and car back , trashed .
He is getting over it but very long prison sentences and confiscation of the proceeds of crime is what is needed .
Please get these substances made illegal .
Brendon Flint , Ibstock
It is misleading to say these two teenagers died after taking mephedrone .
The TV report mentioned - in passing - that they had also taken the heroin substitute , methadone , and had been drinking alcohol ( which is a contributing factor in many cocaine deaths ) .
As the government 's former drugs adviser Prof Nutt pointed out , there has been no evidence to say that mephedrone was to blame .
What IS interesting , however , is the outcome of toxicology tests on a 46 - year - old in Sussex on Thursday which found he DID die of " mephedrone poisoning " .
I can only assume , though , that although this is a more watertight story , this particular victim is too old to make the headlines .
Roz , Gillingham , Kent I am a post - doctorate in medicinal chemistry and let me tell you that you will never be able to stop new analogues coming out .
Through out university I used MDMA ( ecstacy ) , but the market has become corrupted and dangerous substances such as pipperazines are sold as ecstasy .
When you look at an ounce of crystal MDMA , there is a colour change through it - one side is clear , the other is darker implying impurities from catalysts and solvent used in synthesis .
Hence regulation and making it illegal actually harms you by exposing people to dangerous contaminants - this has become particularly acute recently with the EU banning certain precursors used in MDMA synthesis , hence increasing the demand for alternatives ( ie : m- cat ) .
John Dalton , Cambridge I agree that this new batch of substances should be controlled because their misuse is spiralling out of control but what really needs answering is why people of all ages feel the need to get smashed on whatever stimulant they can lay their hand on ?
Wagonline , Loughborough
It is futile trying to stop young people who are intent on getting high from getting substances , legal or not .
The knee jerk reaction to a couple of deaths is to ban a substance , but another will rise up in its place .
A far more pragmatic approach is required , for example allowing legal highs , but with researched doses , age limits and clearer guidance on the possible ill effects .
After all , tobacco is still legal , and it has killed far more people than legal highs .
Making these substances illegal will just drive people into the hands of drug dealers .
John Clayton , Manchester , England I have a group of friends who take and sell mephadrone and a regular basis .
Every week , they will stay awake from Tuesday or Wednesday right through to Sunday taking it and it can create a really hostile environment .
After a couple days they get quite aggressive and short with everyone - including their friends - and people no longer enjoy being around them .
You can't talk to them about it - with mephadrone being legal , they think that what they are doing is normal .
Anonymous , Nottingham
It 's time for a complete rethink incorporating a changed view that people should be able to use drugs for a high BUT with the drugs being delivered though a controlled industry as is alcohol .
So you pop into the chemist for a box of XXXdrone which have been produced in a controlled manner and have adequate safety instructions - after all even aspirin and paracetamol can kill in relatively small doses .
If the news stories are to believed there are thousands of illegal drug users each weekend deaths are few but very sad - had the drugs been legal how many of those deaths would have been avoided bringing the overall deaths / thousand users down below that of other prescription medicines ?
Barrie Shepherd , Sydney , Australia
This instinct to get high permeates the entire history of humankind ( e.g. Egyptians and blue lotus flowers ) , so perhaps it 's time to admit that a legal and safe means to this effect needs instituting .
Aldous Huxley wrote about the possibility of designed drugs as safer and less violence - inducing alternatives to alcohol back in the 1950s ( amongst other possibilities ) , so now we have so many - let 's just find the safest and legislate dosage / dispensation .
Though I expect fear and intolerance will result in ever more banning , and in a few years we 'll be reading about kids brewing embalming fluid with hair dye , or some other strange mix , in order to have their means to get high - and so dying in ever greater numbers .
What a victory for common sense that will be .
A Ward , Bath , UK Educate people !
Please , for the love that you profess to have for them , teach them about cause and effect , because at the moment we 've a country full of young people who have been blinkered and smothered who will take ANY opportunity to escape .
Give people back their responsibilities to themselves and each other , stop this knee - jerk reaction to anything and everything and maybe we will find the real criminals will have to start looking for a proper job .
Jon , London
You have no idea .
At uni there is an epidemic of people using this substance .
Staying awake for up to five days just sniffing this stuff .
More people WILL die .
Matthew , Manchester Methadrone appeared shortly after one of the substances used to create MDMA ( ecstasy ) was recently cracked down on - saffrole .
MDMA production has essentially halted in the UK since .
The cause here is lack of MDMA , the affect being people turning to methadrone ... a FAR MORE dangerous drug .
There must be a much wider discussion on illegal drugs ; millions upon millions of people use drugs everyday , clearly the " war on drugs " is failing .
Better , like safe sex , to educate safe usage and let people decide for themselves .
And tax it to pay for addiction issues and therapy .
Might help bring the budget deficit down too .
Tony , London
If you 're going to ban drugs that get people high , what I 'm wondering is why do they ban specific drugs .
Why not have a list of conditions , and say any substance that causes any of these conditions when used is a drug is illegal ?
Andrew Morrison , Montreal , Canada
I do n't understand why there is talk of banning these chemicals .
Mephedrone is a plant food and it's not suitable for human consumption so you would have to be pretty daft to take it in the first place .
Would these people drink bleach ?
Also , banning other drugs like cocaine , heroin etc have not stopped them from being used .
Anyone who takes any sort of drugs should be aware of the side effects .
Gillian , Glasgow
The UK seems to take a more enlightened approach to drugs but still falls under the same pattern : banning .
Many things will kill you , should they be illegal ?
My heart goes out to the parents and friends of people who 've died while taking drugs .
But denying someone else their right to do with their body what they please is unfair .
My brother is NOT my keeper .
Robert Vance , Grand Rapids , US Every day I cringed watching the news regarding " legal highs " .
There has already been other young adults die in different countries due to m-cat and those countries have banned it or made it controlled .
Why do we always seem to be the last ones - do we have to wait until there are more deaths ?
It just makes me so angry .
Lisa Lloyd , Barnsley
So what does this tell us ?
Simple - prohibition of ancient drugs and plants has led to the creation of a whole new generation of designer drugs ; which are generally much worse than the original ones for our nation 's health .
Read the last section about the " spice " range of products .
Would this have ever happened if cannabis was legally available in the way alcohol is ?
I have n't seen any alcohol substitutes on sale .
Do n't get me wrong , I have seen the devastation that hard drugs cause .
I have seen the awful effects of heroin on people who I knew when I was younger and it is not something I would ever want anyone to be stupid enough to get into .
However , we have to be realistic .
Prohibition of any drug has never been effective in preventing its use and has been proven to raise associated crime levels .
The end result of decades of misinformation and misguided policy making is that the drug problem is now worse than ever .
Forcing cannabis underground along with hard drugs has laid to alienation and mistrust between those growing up and the government .
It has led to the creation of hideous chemicals - one of which took my nephew 's life at 23 - in an attempt to beat the laws .
Legal or illegal , some people will always be foolish enough to take risks with their lives .
Sensible attitudes and no criminalisation , however , gives the users , potential users and the health workers a chance to work together .
It gives the educators the chance to address the subject without the " us and them " feeling which causes youngsters to trust the teachings of their peer groups and not the authorities .
Stuart , Portsmouth
The war on drugs is already lost and society has to be open to alternative ways of regulation .
The government 's own report Drug Classification : making a hash of it ?
clearly shows that the effects of alcohol and tobacco are far worse that the majority of illegal drugs ; only you do n't see news reports every night stating and naming another 100 people who have died today due to alcohol and tobacco .
People are going to take drugs : fact .
Banning everything that appears on the street just pushes people onto the next , an usually more dangerous , high .
It 's a zero sum game .
Society is encouraged to be responsible drinkers ( of the drug alcohol ) ; could it be encouraged to be one of responsible drug takers ? : Discuss .
Richard , Notts Banning things is not the answer .
Education is .
Abusing drugs is idiotic and kids should be shown this , clearly and unequivocally .
Caroline Brown , Rochester
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A US marine is free to leave the Northern Territory after being found not guilty of assaulting a Darwin police officer .
Lance Corporal Marquice Bowman was accused of punching the police officer during a brawl outside a Darwin city nightclub last September .
The court heard the fight started when local men targeted a group of American soldiers , throwing bricks and glass bottles at them .
Police officers gave evidence they saw Bowman king hit Constable Joshua Streeter .
But Lance Corporal Bowman said his vision was blurry from pepper spray and when he saw a shape in front of him he thought he was in danger .
The prosecution had told the Darwin Magistrates Court that Bowman made up his " embellished story " and knew he had hit an officer .
The magistrate , however , found him not guilty on all charges , saying Bowman was acting instinctively .
He was asked how much the city spent on shredding , and how many tons it burned , but did not answer .
Another government agency that confiscates large volumes of pirated clothing , United States Customs and Border Protection , donated $ 78 million in such goods last year .
The donations are made only with the consent of the trademark holder , and are limited to essentials like clothing and shoes ; they do not include fake Rolex watches or Gucci handbags .
In Los Angeles , shoes that would otherwise have been destroyed were given to Samaritan ’s Feet , said John Saleh , a spokesman for the customs agency .
Other ports that have participated are Detroit , El Paso and San Francisco .
In New York , customs officials recently began working with World Vision .
“ Usually the holder of the intellectual property rights allows us to do it , ” Mr. Saleh said .
If the trademarks can be removed , the goods are given to organizations near the ports , Mr. Saleh said .
If they ca n’t be , they are shipped abroad .
Until recently , New York had a similar policy .
In 2006 , Mr. Bloomberg announced that the city would send shipments of knockoffs to aid victims of Hurricane Katrina .
In that case , said Jason Post , a spokesman for the mayor , the city had the assistance of World Vision in sorting through the materials , a daunting task  but one that World Vision and the clothing bank say they still do .
Many major fashion brands have their headquarters in New York City , and Mr. Bloomberg has made prosecution of trademark infringement a priority for his administration .
The companies also take actions in civil court against the pirates , an expensive process , to protect the designers ’ names .
“ These are people who spend hundreds of thousands of dollars , some of them millions , to get counterfeit goods off the street , ” said Robert Tucker , a lawyer with the firm of Tucker and Lafiti , whose fashion clients include Chrome Hearts , Steve Madden , Zac Posen and Ed Hardy .
“ Everyone wants to feed and clothe the homeless .
But how are you going to spend all this money and then put it back on the street ? ”
A special enforcement unit , reporting directly to the mayor , goes after landlords who knowingly rent to counterfeiters .
Separately , the fashion and licensing industries are major financial supporters of the New York City Police Foundation , which has financed investigations of trademark infringement by a squad of police officers .
Mr. Montana of the clothing bank said his organization was eager to maintain a good relationship with the city .
“ This is a case of people with good intentions creating an incredibly wasteful and heartbreaking outcome , ” he said .
“ If we can get people to work together , we can do a lot of good in the world . ”
Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa moved Thursday to eliminate 1,000 city jobs and begin planning layoffs of city employees , one day after the City Council failed to muster the votes to do so to deal with an ongoing budget crisis .
“ We ’re living beyond our means , we have difficult choices to make , we must protect our economic future , ” Villaraigosa said during a late afternoon news conference .
“ Unfortunately , instead of making progress , we are headed in the wrong direction .
That ends today . ”
“ If you think I ’m not going to move ahead , you do n’t know me well , ” Villaraigosa told reporters .
“ I do n’t do this because I want to , I do this because I must . ”
A day after the City Council delayed action on the job cuts for 30 days , Villaraigosa sent a letter to department heads stating he would first use powers provided within the City Charter to eliminate jobs , moving as many employees as possible to other vacant positions .
Villaraigosa 's budget team believes that at least 360 workers can be cut by moving them into other posts not affected by the budget crisis .
Those jobs would be in agencies such as Los Angeles World Airports and the Department of Water and Power , which are not part of the cash - strapped general fund , which pays for basic services .
Two city officials said the mayor ’s layoff action would most immediately apply to members of the Engineers and Architects Assn. , which represents roughly 6,500 city employees , as well as workers who are not represented by any union .
The city ’s labor agreement bars Villaraigosa from laying off workers with the Coalition for L.A. City Unions , which represents another 22,000 civilian employees .
That process cannot occur until July 1 at the earliest .
The city ’s budget shortfall is $ 212 million this year and will be at least $ 484 million in the fiscal year that starts July 1 .
The actions are expected to save up to $ 50 million this fiscal year , said Villaraigosa Deputy Chief of Staff Matt Szabo .
Between that savings and the major 's push to privatize city parking garages by the end of June -- which the Villaraigosa administration predicts would raise between $ 100 million and $ 200 million -- the vast majority of the city 's budget shortfall could be covered , he said .
" The No. 1 priority here is protecting the reserve fund .
It 's unacceptable to have a reserve fund at or near zero at the end of this fiscal year , " Szabo said .
Victor Gordo , a lawyer for the labor coalition , warned that the city would face financial consequences if it tries to lay off his organization ’s members starting July 1 .
That ’s because the coalition ’s agreement requires the city to give long - delayed raises in the event of layoffs , he said .
“ We believe that ’s too costly to the city ” to carry out , he said .
-- Maeve Reston , Phil Willon and David Zahniser at Los Angeles City Hall
http://forum.lostpedia.com
is currently being developed .
please check back soon for updates .
Sara Mohr -Pietsch presents the BBC Concert Orchestra in the premiere of Jonny Greenwood 's new work Doghouse .
Plus music by Nicola Vicentino , Vaclav Trojan , Martinu and Elgar .
BBC Concert Orchestra - continuing the Song and Dance theme
Doghouse , the BBC Concert Orchestra 's Composer in Association Jonny Greenwood 's latest work , forms the centrepiece of today 's concert , recorded last month at the BBC Maida Vale Studios and presented by Sara Mohr - Pietsch .
It 's set in relief against other musical styles this unique broadcasting orchestra has been associated with over the years : radio theme tunes , light music , and film music .
Penny
Gore rounds the week off with music by Elgar , Martinu and a set of fairy tales with accordion , conducted by the orchestra 's laureate Barry Wordsworth .
Plus the BBC Singers with some avant - garde songs from the 1500s .
Farnon : Manhattan Playboy
Parker : Seascape
Badalamenti : Mysteries of Love ( from Blue Velvet )
Angela Morley : A Canadian in Mayfair
Chaplin : Limelight
Waxman : Rebecca Suite
Jonny Greenwood : Doghouse ( World Premiere , BBC Commission )
Geoffrey Toye : The Haunted Ballroom
Herrmann : Vertigo suite
BBC Concert Orchestra
Conducted by Jonny Greenwood and Robert Ziegler
3.15 pm
Radio 3's music feature at 12.15 pm on Saturday 27 March , ' The Arch - Musician ' , uncovers the amazing life and music of sixteenth - century microtonal composer Nicola Vicentino .
He wrote music using 31 notes per octave , he built special keyboard instruments to play it and trained choirs to sing it .
This afternoon there 's a sneak preview of some of Vicentino 's music , specially recorded by members of the BBC Singers with conductor James Weeks .
BBC Singers
Conductor James Weeks
3.25 pm
Vaclav Trojan : Fairy Tales
Owen Murray ( accordion )
BBC Concert Orchestra
Barry Wordsworth ( conductor )
4.35 pm
Martinu : Symphony no . 2
BBC Concert Orchestra
Barry Wordsworth ( conductor )
4.30 pm
Elgar : Sea Pictures
Roderick Williams ( baritone )
BBC Concert Orchestra
Martin Yates ( conductor ) .
1
Drive as if you have all the time in the world .
If you are late , at least you will have had a lovely ride .
Do not be in a rush .
Be laid back .
If you need to be somewhere on time , leave early so you have more than enough time to get there .
And if you are running late , do n't worry about it .
There 's really not much you can do about it now , because the traffic , the stop lights , and the laws of the road are still there .
So relax .
Proving That Proving Is Hard
On the computational complexity of the theory of the real numbers
Alfred Tarski is one of the great logicians of the twentieth century .
He is famous for the formal definition of truth , the decidability of many important theories , and many other results — one of the strangest is his famous joint theorem with Stefan Banach .
This theorem proves that any solid ball of one pound of gold can be cut into a finite number of pieces and reassembled into two solid balls each of one pound of gold .
Pretty neat trick .
Today I want to talk about the complexity of theories .
There are some classic results that I think should be wider known , and their proofs use techniques that may have application elsewhere .
In the early days of theory there was a great deal of interest in the complexity of decision problems .
I think these are natural problems , often they could be answered with strong lower bounds , and further some of them are close to practical questions .
For example , the theory of the reals occurs in many actual problems — especially special cases of the theory of the reals .
The theory restricted to existential sentences is quite natural and arise in many applications .
Upper Bounds on the Theory of the Reals
Tarski worked on various theories with the main goal of proving their decidability .
Since Kurt Gödel ’s famous result on the incompleteness of Peano Arithmetic , a goal has been to find weaker theories that are complete .
Such a theory has two neat properties :
the theory can either prove or disprove all statements in the theory ; the theory is usually decidable .
The latter only needs the theory to have a reasonable axiom system , then it will be decidable .
Given a sentence in such a theory the decision procedure is simple :
Start enumerating proofs from the theory .
If a proof of appears , then say the sentence is valid ; if a proof of appears , then say the sentence is invalid .
Note , one of or must appear , since the theory is complete ; and both cannot appear , since the theory is consistent .
A complete theory is defined to always be consistent .
Tarski turned away from natural numbers to real numbers .
The theory he studied is the theory of real numbers .
It has a language that allows any first order formula made up from , and its axioms are those for a field , with additional axioms for a real closed field .
The last are axioms that state that every odd degree polynomial must have a root .
One of the main results of Tarski is :
Theorem :
The first order theory of the real numbers is complete .
He used a method that is called quantifier elimination .
A theory has quantifier elimination if the theory has the property that every formula is equivalent to an open formula : a formula with no quantifiers .
Tarski theorem immediately proves that the theory is decidable , but left open the actual computational complexity of its decison problem .
Theorists to the rescue .
Lower Bounds on the Theory of the Reals
The following table lists some of the basic results concerning decidability of various theories .
The problem is : Given a sentence in the theory is the sentence provable or not .
Clearly for propositional logic the problem is NP - complete , and has unknown computational complexity
Predicate calculus concerns whether or not an arbitrary formula is logically valid ; as long as there is at least one predicate letter of arity at least two , the theory is undecidable .
The trick is it is possible to encode the behavior of a Turing machine into a sentence using , and show that the sentence is valid if and only if the Turing machine halts .
Michael Fischer and Michael Rabin in 1974 proved several beautiful exponential lower bounds on the complexity of any decision procedure for various theories .
I will discuss today their work on the theory of real numbers .
Of course no theory that includes propositional formulas can have an easy decision procedure , unless P=NP .
My opinions aside , it is reasonable to expect the theory of reals to be much more powerful than NP .
This expectation turns out to be true : the interplay between the ability to add and multiply real numbers with predicate calculus ’s abilities allows powerful encoding tricks that cannot be done in pure propositional logic .
Together these two features , operations on reals and predicate calculus , allow strong lower bounds to be proved .
Fischer and Rabin proved :
Theorem :
In the theory of reals , there is a constant so that there are true sentences of length whose shortest proof in the theory is .
This is a very strong theorem .
It is unconditional , and shows that the proofs themselves are huge .
This is stronger than just proving they are hard to find , since if the proofs are large there can be no method that always proves valid theorems quickly — the proofs are just too big .
Lower Bounds on the Complexity of Theories
I thought that it might be useful to recall how such proofs are obtained .
They are quite clever , in my opinion , and rely on several neat tricks .
Partly I hope that these tricks could be used elsewhere in complexity theory .
How do you prove lower bounds on a theory ?
If the theory of the reals could define the set of integers , then the theory would be undecidable .
Since the theory is decidable by the famous result of Tarski , it must be the case the integers are undefinable .
What Mike and Michael show is how to define a very large set of integers , with a relatively small formula .
This allows them to use the same techniques that proved the predicate calculus was undecidable to prove their own result .
For example , imagine we could define by where is a “ small ” formula .
Then , the plan is to use this to simulate the halting problem for Turing machines that do not use too much tape .
An easy way to see that this will work is to look at a simpler application .
Suppose that stands for
Then , clearly defines the primes below .
The sentence ,
says that for any there is a twin prime above it .
This would be very exciting if it had a short proof — actually even weaker statements would be exciting .
What Mike and Michael prove is in general such sentences are hard to prove — they do not , unfortunately , show this particular sentences is hard .
Oh well .
A Recursion Trick
Mike and Michael do construct a formula that defines
Their construction uses recursion : is defined in terms of for some .
This should come as no shock , since recursion is so useful in all of computer science .
However , in order to make their theorem work , they need to avoid making too many recursive calls .
They use a “ trick ” that was discovered by Mike Fischer with Albert Meyer and independently by Volker Strassen .
Let be any formula and consider the conjunction :
It follows that where
The reason this construction is useful is simple : it is the size of the resulting formulas .
The size of is roughly twice that of , but the size of is only the size of plus a constant .
This is one of the key tricks used in their proof : it keeps the size of the formula small .
A Name Trick
In their construction of they also use many variable names .
The naive method would use an exponential number of variables , and this would cause their construction to explode in size .
They cleverly reuse names — in this way avoid having to use very long names .
It is not too far from a trick that was used , many years later , by Adi Shamir in his famous proof that .
Mike and Michael use this trick .
Consider this formula ,
There is a name collision between the first and the second : we would usually write this with different variables as
to make it clearer .
However , the name collision is allowed in first order logic formulas , since it is easy to disambiguate the meaning of the formula ( 1 ) .
The importance of this trick is it allows the re-use of variable names ; this re-use saves the number of variables needed and this reduces the size of the formulas .
Lower Bounds on the Theory of the Complex Numbers ?
I believe their results hold for this case too , but they do not seem to explicitly state this .
Perhaps this is a well known result , but I cannot track down the reference .
Open Problems
Can we use any of the tricks here in other parts of complexity theory ?
The recursion trick seems to me to be quite powerful .
Perhaps we can use this trick in another part of theory .
A Postscript
Congratulations to Michael Rabin for being awarded the Dan David Prize for 2010 .
Wonderful .
Cycling can be a fun way of getting from one point to another .
However , at times you might need to [ … ]
A study published in Science , by researchers at Rothamsted Research ( an institute of the BBSRC ) , the Met Office , the Natural Resources Institute , and the Universities of Exeter , Greenwich and York , sheds new light on the flight behaviours that enable insects to undertake long - distance migrations , and highlights the remarkable abilities of these insect migrants .
Many insects avoid cold British winters by migrating south in autumn to over - wintering sites around the Mediterranean .
Migrant insects then return to the UK in spring .
How such small insects undertake journeys of several thousands of kilometres has long fascinated scientists .
The reported study was funded by BBSRC and used two sets of specially - designed radar equipment to observe migrating butterflies and moths flying several hundreds of metres above the ground , and to describe the sophisticated flight behaviours that they have evolved .
These insect migrants have a compass sense that enables them to select winds which will take them in their chosen direction , and to travel at speeds of up to 100 km per hour .
The fast speeds of winds aloft mean that insects travel more - or - less downwind , but they make subtle adjustments to their headings so that they partially correct for wind - induced drift away from their preferred direction of travel .
Dr Chapman said " Migratory butterflies and moths have evolved an amazing capacity to use favourable tailwinds .
By flying at the heights where the wind currents are fastest , migratory moths can travel between their summer and winter grounds in just a few nights . "
Dr Hill said " We estimate that over 2 billion insects were involved in the mass migration events that we studied .
These insect migrants are clearly very successful . "
The study used a computer model dubbed " NAME " to demonstrate that the flight behaviours observed result in migrants travelling nearly twice as far and closer to their preferred direction as an insect just randomly drifting downwind .
Many migratory insects are pests of agricultural crops , so the model will be useful for predicting migration events in the future .
Ms Burgin said " We combined the results from the radar measurements of moth flight with the outputs of a model of atmosphere motion to show that by hitchhiking on suitable winds , insects can travel at greater speeds than many migrating birds , which is important given the short lifespan of insects . "
This study illustrates how insects successfully undertake long - distance migrations in favourable directions .
Climate change is likely to significantly alter the frequency of insect migrants , including introducing some agricultural pests that are completely new to the UK .
Thus , a better understanding of their migration strategies is increasingly crucial in helping to secure food supplies in the long term .
Update Below … .
The News of the World are reporting that a ‘ huge ’ fire at Leavesden Film Studios near Watford where they are currently filming Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows : Part I and Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows : Part II has burnt down .
They go on to say that none of the main cast which includes Daniel Radcliffe , Rupert Grint or Emma Watson were on set at the time .
6 fire engines were called to the studios who took 40 minutes to regain control of the blaze .
According to the Paper : A source tells the publication , “ We were shooting the scenes where Hogwarts gets blown up in battle .
But fire managed to catch hold of the set and it went up in flames .
It was completely out of control at one point . ”
The first part of the final movie is scheduled to be released in cinemas 19th November .
No news yet but with this set back , this release date could be pushed back somewhat .
Head over to The News of the World article for more information .
Update : 19:08 GMT – I ’ve just been contacted by a source on the set .
Although no official statement has been released , they state the fire is n’t as big as is being reported which does n’t surprise me at all since the story originated from The News of the World .
More info as I get it .
February 11 , 2010
THE DEATH of Howard Zinn has generated an outpouring of tributes and praise from around the world , celebrating the life and work of this great historian and activist .
Meanwhile , the right wing , not surprisingly , has attempted to use the occasion of Zinn 's passing to do the exact opposite .
Even some liberals have seemed keen to join in :
In its obituary , National Public Radio , for example , gave conservative nut job David Horowitz a platform to spew his vitriol against Zinn .
Some prominent mainstream historians have also taken the opportunity of Zinn 's passing to attempt to dismiss his work .
Their arguments are important to engage with , because they repeat criticisms often made of radical or Marxist historical writing -- ones that many people take seriously .
According to Princeton University 's Sean Wilentz , for example , A People 's History of the United States contains a " simplified view " of U.S. history , in which all Zinn did was to take " the guys in white hats and put them in black hats , and vice versa . "
Historian Michael Kazin has similarly argued that Zinn 's arguments are " better suited to a conspiracy - monger 's Web site than to a work of scholarship . "
Howard Zinn
Joseph Ellis adds that Zinn portrays history as an " eternal struggle between the forces of light and the forces of darkness . "
Instead , history should be seen as being " all about irony , paradox and unforeseen consequences " -- in other words , as ostensibly more complex than it appears in Zinn 's work .
Even erstwhile supporters of Zinn have echoed these sorts of arguments .
Among historians , it should be noted , perhaps the cruelest " dis " possible is to tell someone that their work is " simplistic " or " not nuanced . "
Graduate students -- apprentice historians -- live in fear at having such a label attached to them in public .
It 's a bit like someone at the prom telling you that you do n't know how to dance .
Producing " simplistic " history conjures up images of brutish , ham - handed " Marxist " historians who are incapable of understanding complex phenomena like culture and ideas because of an archaic interest in things like social class .
( Many of the people who repeat this criticism have never actually read a Marxist history book . )
But today 's historians , we are told , have fortunately moved on from the Marxists , who were stuck making stick - drawings in caves .
BASICALLY , WHAT the historians above have been saying about Zinn 's work , and specifically A People 's History , is that " it 's more complicated than that . "
On the surface , this is a pretty trivial criticism .
After all , the past as it was lived is always going to be more complicated than the way we choose to write about it .
Historians are always selective in what stories they decide to tell about the past .
Some people write histories of technology , for example , while others write histories of popular culture , and so on .
Zinn , for his part , focused his history of the United States on the struggles between oppressor and oppressed .
The question is always whether the story that the historian tells obscures or leaves out something important , given the topic and level of detail at which the story is being told .
In the case of Zinn 's critics , there is one often - repeated issue that is worth examining more closely .
This is Zinn 's presumed inability to explain the existence of " consent " to oppression .
According to this argument , Zinn places so much emphasis on people fighting against oppression that he is allegedly unable to address the ways in which oppressed people will often seem to accept their oppression , or even support their oppressors , including in the oppression of others .
This , the critics say , is leaving out an important part of the story about oppressor versus oppressed .
Fair enough .
But is it actually true of Zinn 's work ?
Michael Kazin thinks so ; according to him , Zinn " makes no serious attempt to address the biggest question a leftist can ask about U.S. history : why have most Americans accepted the legitimacy of the capitalist republic in which they live ? "
Now , anyone who has lived , worked , organized among or been in the camp of oppressed people knows that they have a range of common sense answers to this question .
Zinn -- having been born into an immigrant Jewish working - class family , worked in blue - collar jobs during the Depression , and been a soldier , a teacher , and an activist -- was exposed to this question countless times in his life .
In short , Zinn likely understands consent far better than the historians who criticize him .
But he does choose to explain it differently .
To understand this , let 's begin with Zinn 's critics .
The published critique that everyone seems to refer to , whether explicitly or implicitly , is a pointedly negative 2004 review of A People 's History in Dissent magazine by Michael Kazin .
So how does Kazin explain consent , in criticizing A People 's History ?
First , he argues that the oppressors are just not as bad as Zinn says they are .
Kazin argues that Zinn is mistaken in his argument that " a governing class is motivated solely by its appetite for riches and power -- and by its fear of losing them " and that it is " just a pack of lying bullies . "
Secondly , given that the oppressors are not as bad as Zinn says they are , we need to work with them .
And so , " short of revolution , a strategic alliance with one element of ' the Establishment ' is the only way social movements ever make lasting changes in law and public policy . "
( Here he means : the Democratic Party . )
Third , working with the oppressors -- or " The Establishment " -- is what has produced material gains for the oppressed , which leads to their consent .
Thus , Kazin claims that Zinn does n't understand " how economic and social reform improved the lives of millions , even if they sapped whatever mass appetite existed for radical change . "
One case is that of " wage - earners who took pleasure in the new cars and new houses " they were able to purchase after the Second World War .
Before taking on these arguments , let 's first look at how Zinn explains consent in A People 's History .
Even a quick review of the book demonstrates that it is plainly false to argue that Zinn " makes no serious attempt " to address the issue .
Like Kazin , Zinn alludes to the oppressor 's strategy of " mollifying opposition with reforms . "
But Zinn does not see this as the only factor , or even the principal one , in ensuring consent .
He emphasizes a range of factors , including the effects of the ideology of the oppressor ( in the news media , for example ) , the use of violence and repression by the oppressor , forcing the oppressed to compete for scarce resources , the oppressor 's control of the main available political alternatives ( that is , Democrats and Republicans ) , and the oppressors ' knack for " dispersing [ their ] controls " and giving the oppressed " small rewards " for maintaining the organizations and institutions that help perpetuate oppression .
It turns out that these , taken together , can be powerful mechanisms to help produce consent .
Every chapter in A People 's History talks both about how the oppressed struggle against their oppressors , and also the ways the oppressors use these various means to try to counter these struggles , or keep them from emerging or re-emerging .
All this in fact makes Zinn 's explanations far more persuasive than Kazin's .
After all , if it 's principally " economic and social reform , " and " new cars and new houses " that are the basis of consent , then why have we not seen a mass renewal of struggle , as these things have been increasingly taken away over the past generation ?
Clearly , the effects of the oppressor 's ideology and their control over political alternatives are important factors that must be overcome here .
Kazin has taken an explanation partially valid for an exceptional period in U.S. history -- the post - Second World War boom -- and attempted to generalize from it , but unsuccessfully .
Moreover , Kazin is mistaken in part about the post - Second World War boom as well .
After all , in the case of Blacks , " economic and social reform " had not " sapped whatever mass appetite existed for radical change . "
Things like the Brown v. Board of Education decision , the Voting Rights Act and the Civil Rights
Act did not lead to a falloff in struggle or radicalization ; quite the opposite .
In fact , reforms can give people more confidence in themselves , as Zinn ably documents , rather than confidence in their oppressors , as Kazin believes .
Ultimately , it took government repression , extra-legal violence , and the calculated political and ideological intervention of the Democratic Party to curtail the movements among Black people ; their being showered with things like " new cars and new houses " was not the prime factor .
As should be clear , the differences between these positions are not related to the simplicity or complexity of the historical explanations .
Rather , they are based on a clear political disagreement : these critics of Zinn believe that oppressed people have some stake in maintaining the oppressor 's system , and have an interest in allying with the oppressor to meet their interests .
Zinn does not .
In other words , these critics of Professor Zinn are liberal reformists .
Zinn is not .
WHETHER THEY are liberal reformists or something else , we should remember that historians of all stripes are very useful for the left -- after all , they really are experts in history .
But the problem ( as anyone who has put down a history book in annoyance or disgust knows ) is that their class bias often undermines their analysis .
This bias has gotten even worse over the past generation of Reaganism and neoliberalism .
Academics will often extend their own partial middle - class stake in the oppressor 's system -- and its associated narrow self - interested cynicism -- to everyone else , and particularly to oppressed people .
In the academy , expressing this class bias is unfortunately often made synonymous with being " nuanced " and " complex . "
History certainly can be complicated , and merits serious study and debate .
But to argue that Zinn overly simplifies things is inaccurate : A People 's History is not a simple book , and his explanations for struggle and consent are not based on simple ideas or arguments .
Saying so just serves to mask a key political disagreement between liberals and radicals .
To point out , as Zinn does , that in history there are people who wear black hats and those who wear white hats , who are opposed to and often in conflict with one other , is not overly simplifying .
It is , in fact , clarifying .
It took a former worker and soldier , an activist and radical , to keep that insight alive within the historical profession -- and society at large -- during a difficult period for the left .
For that gift alone , Zinn will be sorely missed .
But do n't take my word for it : if you have n't yet , read A People 's History of the United States for yourself .
Apache HTTP Server 1.3.42 Released
The Apache Software Foundation and the Apache HTTP Server Project are pleased to announce the release of version 1.3.42 of the Apache HTTP Server ( " Apache " ) .
This release is intended as the final release of version 1.3 of the Apache HTTP Server , which has reached end of life status .
There will be no more full releases of Apache HTTP Server 1.3 .
However , critical security updates may be made available from the following website : http://www.apache.org/dist/httpd/patches/
Our thanks go to everyone who has helped make Apache HTTP Server 1.3 the most successful , and most used , webserver software on the planet !
This Announcement notes the significant changes in 1.3.42 as compared to 1.3.41 .
This version of Apache is is principally a bug and security fix release .
The following moderate security flaw has been addressed : * CVE -2010-0010 ( cve.mitre.org ) mod_proxy : Prevent chunk - size integer overflow on platforms where sizeof ( int ) < sizeof ( long ) .
Reported by Adam Zabrocki .
Please see the CHANGES_1.3.42 file in this directory for a full list of changes for this version .
Apache 1.3.42 is the final stable release of the Apache 1.3 family .
We strongly recommend that users of all earlier versions , including 1.3 family releases , upgrade to to the current 2.2 version as soon as possible .
For information about how to upgrade , please see the documentation : http://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.2/upgrading.html
Apache 1.3.42 is available for download from http://httpd.apache.org/download.cgi
This service utilizes the network of mirrors listed at : http://www.apache.org/mirrors/
Binary distributions may be available for your specific platform from http://www.apache.org/dist/httpd/binaries/
Binaries distributed by the Apache HTTP Server Project are provided as a courtesy by individual project contributors .
The project makes no commitment to release the Apache HTTP Server in binary form for any particular platform , nor on any particular schedule .
IMPORTANT NOTE FOR APACHE USERS : Apache 1.3 was designed for Unix OS variants .
While the ports to non-Unix platforms ( such as Win32 , Netware or OS2 ) will function for some applications , Apache 1.3 is not designed for these platforms .
Apache 2 was designed from the ground up for security , stability , or performance issues across all modern operating systems .
Users of any non-Unix ports are strongly cautioned to move to Apache 2 .
The Apache project no longer distributes non-Unix platform binaries from the main download pages for Apache 1.3 .
If absolutely necessary , a binary may be available at http://archive.apache.org/dist/httpd/.
Apache 1.3.42 Major changes Security vulnerabilities
The main security vulnerabilities addressed in 1.3.42 are : *) SECURITY : CVE -2010-0010 ( cve.mitre.org ) mod_proxy : Prevent chunk - size integer overflow on platforms where sizeof ( int ) < sizeof ( long ) .
Reported by Adam Zabrocki .
Bugfixes addressed in 1.3.42 are : *)
Protect logresolve from mismanaged DNS records that return blank / null hostnames .
-- Colm MacCárthaigh
For one - time political icon Joe Wurzelbacher , reminders of his old campaign buddy Sen. John McCain ( R - AZ ) are n’t exactly pleasant .
Some grapes turn more sour than others , it seems .
More commonly known as “ Joe the Plumber ” — even though he held no such certification when McCain endowed him with the title —
Wurzelbacher has thrown a fair amount of hatred toward the Arizona politician and the Republican party as a whole since the 2008 presidential campaign ended .
But it ’s his recent comments to Pennsylvania public radio that really take the cake .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I do n’t owe John McCain shit , ” he said , according to reporter Scott Detrow .
“ He really screwed my life up , is how I look at it . ”
Since his star was launched during the final debate between McCain and then - Senator Obama , Wurzelbacher ’s fame has largely subsided in spite of his book and infrequent public endorsements of various politicians .
“ Joe wants to buy the business that he ’s been in for all these years , ” McCain insisted during the debate .
“ Worked 10 , 12 hours a day .
And he wanted to buy the business , but he looked at your tax plan and he saw that he was going to pay much higher taxes . ”
President Obama cut taxes for what he called “ 95 percent of working families . ”
According to a recent CBS poll , just 12 percent of voters knew this ; among the tea parties , that percentage drops ten points .
Within days of Joe ’s political debut , it was revealed the non-plumber actually owed over $ 1,200 in back taxes and a lien had been placed against his home : an unfortunate reality that likely would n’t have become widely known if he ’d never met John McCain .
ADVERTISEMENT
In retrospect , Wurzelbacher commented to Detrow , “ McCain was trying to use me .
I happened to be the face of middle Americans .
It was a ploy . ”
Yet , when confronted with the fact that he ’s still trying to milk his image as that face of middle America — even going so far as to autograph pieces of PVC pipe during a rally for Republican Sam Rohrer , who is running for governor of Pennsylvania — Wurzelbacher seemingly bristled .
“ Wurzelbacher says it ’s his duty to take advantage of the platform he ’s been given , ” Detrow wrote .
“ He wants to talk up the issues he cares about , and encourage the grassroots tea party movement . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Wurzelbacher also reportedly said that while he believes Obama ’s “ ideaology ” to be “ un-American , ” he credits the president for being “ one of the more honest politicians . ”
With AFP .
IN JANUARY the National Health Service ( NHS ) in England calculated its carbon footprint as the equivalent of 21 m tonnes of carbon dioxide a year — just short of the amount emitted by the Drax coal - fired power station in Yorkshire , western Europe 's largest .
Unlike the power station 's emissions , though , those of the health service have been increasing : they have grown by half since 1990 .
Other countries fare no better .
A study published in the Journal of the American Medical Association estimates that America 's health - care industry accounts for 8 % of the country 's greenhouse gas emissions .
In Germany , a study by the Viamedica Foundation showed that a hospital 's energy expenditure per bed was roughly the same as that of three newly built homes .
The past few years have seen efforts to make things greener .
The King Edward Memorial hospital in Mumbai , for example , was recently remodelled with solar heaters and rainwater - collection units .
Many hospitals are switching from standard light - bulbs to compact fluorescent or LED lights .
The Dell Children 's Medical Center in Austin , Texas , was the first hospital to be certified “ platinum ” under the Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design ( LEED ) standards of the United States ' Green Building Council — the highest designation there is .
Moves towards energy efficiency are essential to reduce carbon emissions , but they are not enough .
“ When hospitals start looking at their energy usage , it is only the first step in a long way , ” says Anja Leetz , executive director of Health Care Without Harm , an organisation whose purpose is to implement more environmentally sustainable health care round the world .
The NHS study suggests that energy expenditure is responsible for only a quarter of hospital carbon emissions .
Procurement — primarily that of medical equipment and pharmaceuticals — is the main culprit , swallowing 60 % .
Simply disposing of unused pharmaceuticals contributes over 22,000 tonnes of CO2 every year .
There are also protocols and procedures which add a lot of carbon without providing a great deal of health .
Before the risks of mad - cow disease were understood , the NHS routinely reused its nailclippers .
Now the one - in - 10 m estimated risk of transmitting Creutzfeldt - Jacob disease , the human equivalent of mad-cow , has made it common to use clippers only once .
A low risk creates a mountain of waste .
One way to avoid such problems is for people to stay at home and , when necessary , be visited by a podiatrist who uses the patient 's own clippers .
And this illustrates one of the wisest tactics hospitals and clinics can make use of as they try to become greener : keeping people out and looking after them at home instead .
Fewer admissions , lower emissions .
Easier said than done .
David Pencheon , the director of the NHS 's Sustainable Development Unit , says shifting health care out of hospitals means reworking the system from the inside out .
But it is possible .
“ We have the technology to deliver services in more accurate ways , ” says Dr Pencheon .
Smaller and more efficient machines , for example , make it easier for treatments like dialysis and chemotherapy to take place in the home .
Consultations , too , need not necessarily involve travel .
Kidney - transplant patients at the University Hospital of Coventry and Warwickshire are given the option to have three out of four of their quarterly post - operative “ visits ” conducted by phone .
That is a couple of tonnes of CO2 saved right there .
Like the first wave of environmental responsibility , which focused on energy efficiency and design , moves to decentralise health care in this way can often reduce environmental impacts without sacrificing quality and safety .
Much of this greenery could also save money .
The Confederation of British Industry , a business lobby group , estimates that £ 15 billion could be saved by treating chronic diseases at home .
Jerry Mazza
Online Journal
Monday , January 18th , 2010
Press TV reports that “ There are . . . allegations of US - sponsored bomb plots in Mogadishu , the capital of Somalia .
As of 12 Jan 2010 , at least 18 people have been killed in clashes between rival factions in southern and central Somalia , and there are reports that Blackwater / Xe mercenaries have entered the country . ”
That ’s for starters .
What ’s more , “ A battle broke out between the pro-government Ahlu Sunnah militia and Hizbul Islam fighters in the town of Baladwayne on Sunday and went well into Monday , during which at least 13 people lost their lives , witnesses said . . .
There are also allegations of US - sponsored bomb plots in the capital .
The bombings will be carried out in order to create a pretext to launch a campaign against the [ hard - line Islamist ]
Al - Shabab , a spokesman of the group , Sheikh Ali Mohammed Rage , told Reuters .
He also told reporters , “ ’ We have discovered that US agencies are going to launch suicide bombings in public places in Mogadishu . . .
They have tried it in Algeria , Pakistan and Afghanistan . . .
We warn of these disasters .
They want to target Bakara Market and mosques , then use that to malign us .
At a meeting with tribal elders in Mogadishu on Monday , the Al - Shabab spokesman said that mercenaries of the Xe private security firm — formerly known as Blackwater — have arrived in the Somali capital , the Press TV correspondent in Mogadishu reported on Monday . ”
So what threat has brought out the notorious Xe ?
Somalia is this small sub-Saharan country in the horn of Africa ’s east to north coast , south of Yemen , on the bottom of the Arabian Peninsula , across the Gulf of Aden .
Somalia is also strategically at the mouth of the Red Sea to the north and the Indian Ocean to the south .
Britain pulled out of British Somaliland in 1960 to permit its former protectorate to join with Italian Somaliland into the new nation Somalia .
In 1969 , a coup headed by General Mohamed Siad Barre brought in an authoritarian socialist rule that managed to impose a level of stability in the country for several decades .
It included close relations with the former Soviet Union , which caused frequent conflicts with neighbors .
After the regime ’s overthrow early in 1991 , Somalia fell into decades of clan turmoil , factional fighting , and anarchy .
Barre went into hiding while the country was carved up by heavily armed warlords .
Many Russian arms were left behind to acerbate the hostilities .
The long - suffering population , numbering more than 10 million , was thrown into more misery when famine raged the country .
In 1992 , President Clinton sent the US Marines , who arrived ahead of UN peacekeepers in an attempt to supposedly “ restore order . ”
But the “ humanitarian intervention ” crashed and burned when two US Black Hawk helicopters were shot down .
This while angry warlords cheered the death of 19 American soldiers and the US beat a hasty retreat .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Somalian clan elders and other senior figures appointed Abdulkassim Salat Hassan president at a conference in 2000 .
Little progress was noted until 2004 , when a new parliament was created and Abdullahi Yusuf was inserted as president .
The fledgling regime soon stalled and fighting between the factions resumed .
In June 2006 , a coalition of clerics , business leaders , and Islamic court militias known as the Supreme Council of Islamic Courts ( SCIC ) defeated the powerful Mogadishu warlords and took control of the capital .
The Courts continued to expand and spread their influence throughout much of southern Somalia , threatening to overthrow the TFG ( Transitional Federal Government ) in Baidoa .
Ethiopian and TFG forces were concerned over possible links between some SCIC factions and al - Qaida ( think CIA ) in late December 2006 .
They drove the SCIC from power .
Nevertheless , the joint forces continue to fight remnants of SCIC militia in the southwestern corner of Somalia near the Kenyan border .
The TFG , backed by Ethiopian forces , in late December 2006 moved into Mogadishu .
It continues to struggle and exert control over the capital and to prevent the reappearance of Warlord rule reminiscent of Mogadishu before the rise of the SCIC .
Yet , dating back to 1991 , just after Barre left the country , SomaliaWatch.org , reported about The Oil Factor in Somalia .
“ Far beneath the surface of the tragic drama of Somalia , four major U.S. oil companies are quietly sitting on a prospective fortune in exclusive concessions to explore and exploit tens of millions of acres of the Somali countryside .
That land , in the opinion of geologists and industry sources , could yield significant amounts of oil and natural gas if the U.S. - led military mission can restore peace to the impoverished East African nation . ”
This was during the closing days of Bush Sr. ’s administration .
He lost his bid for reelection in November 1992 , leaving the “ peace - keeping ” mission to Clinton .
“ According to documents obtained by The Times , nearly two - thirds of Somalia was allocated to the American oil giants Conoco , Amoco , Chevron and Phillips in the final years before Somalia ’s [ then ] pro-U.S. President Mohamed Siad Barre was overthrown and the nation plunged into chaos in January , 1991 .
[ Conceivably , Barre awarded the rights to the US in return for the millions in aid his country was receiving from us ] .
Industry sources said the companies holding the rights to the most promising concessions [ were ] hoping that the Bush [ Sr. ]
Administration ’s decision to send U.S. troops to safeguard aid shipments to Somalia [ would ] also help protect their multimillion - dollar investments there . ”
“ Officially , the administration and the State Department insist[ed ] that the U.S. military mission in Somalia [ was ] strictly humanitarian .
Oil industry spokesmen dismissed as ‘ absurd ’ and ‘ nonsense ’ allegations by aid experts , veteran East Africa analysts and several prominent Somalis that President Bush [ Sr. ] , a former Texas oilman , was moved [ originally ] to act in Somalia , at least in part , by the U.S. corporate oil stake . ”
In fact , some 38,000 soldiers from 23 different nations , including the US , and representatives from 49 different humanitarian relief operations worked together to put food into the mouths of the starving people of Somalia .
“ But corporate and scientific documents disclosed that the American companies [ were ] well positioned to pursue Somalia ’s most promising potential oil reserves the moment the nation is pacified .
And the State Department and U.S. military officials acknowledge that one of those oil companies has done more than simply sit back and hope for peace . ”
That one company , “ Conoco Inc. , the only major multinational corporation to maintain a functioning office in Mogadishu throughout the past two years of nationwide anarchy , has been directly involved in the U.S. government ’s role in the U.N. - sponsored humanitarian military effort . ”
Humanitarian efforts generally go hand in hand with military might to realize commercial goals . . .
“ But the close relationship between Conoco and the U.S. intervention force has left many Somalis and foreign development experts deeply troubled by the blurry line between the U.S. government and the large oil company , leading many to liken the Somalia operation to a miniature version of Operation Desert Storm , the [ Bush ] U.S. - led , military effort in January , 1991 , to drive Iraq from Kuwait and , more broadly , safeguard the world ’s largest oil reserves . . . ”
The bottom line , according to one expert , was that the oil reserves were “ . . . potentially worth billions of dollars , and believe me , that ’s what the whole game is starting to look like . ”
And that may be the whole game 17 years later .
And why we find Blackwater / Xe there to continue the destabilization to grab the country ’s oil and gas for Conoco .
Just as the surge for Afghanistan real estate is to insure the running of oil and gas pipelines from the Caspian Sea basin to Pakistan ( presently under drone siege ) , thence to shipment across the Indian Ocean to India and China .
. . .
Despite subsequent denials and assertions as to whether there is oil and gas in Somalia , the answer is yes .
Just as Yemen ( right across the Gulf of Aden ) produces some 200,000 barrels of oil a day , the reserves are part of a great underground rift or valley that arcs from Yemen into and across northern Somalia .
Texas - based Hunt Oil Corp geologists disclosed this in the mid 1980s and the information was n’t lost on then Vice President GHW Bush .
He obviously passed the good news back to his Texas oil buddies .
Skipping to February 2009 , alarabiya.net wrote in
The new TFG , political legitimacy and extremism in Somalia : “ The Transitional Federal Government ( TFG ) of Somalia must adapt or die .
This is a statement of fact .
Great change is afoot inside Somalia at the present time , and the new President Sheikh Sharif Sheik Ahmed , must demonstrate that he is capable of seizing the opportunity that has been presented to him .
Somalia has been effectively stateless for eighteen long years , and the people of this East African nation have suffered great many deprivations during this nightmarish period of time . ”
On January 31 , 2009 , the New York Times also ran the election story , Moderate Elected President in Somalia .
“ A moderate Islamic cleric was elected president of Somalia early Saturday morning by the Somali Parliament , which was meeting in Djibouti .
“ The cleric , Sheik Sharif Sheik Ahmed , headed the Islamic courts movement that governed the capital , Mogadishu , and most of southern Somalia until 2006 .
Some analysts had said they thought that Sheik Sharif had the best chance of all the candidates for president to unite Somalis , because of his Islamist roots and his acceptability to a variety of factions .
“ Parliament was selecting a replacement for the former president , Abdullahi Yusuf Ahmed , who resigned in late December after four years in office .
A former warlord , Mr. Yusuf had been widely blamed for Somalia ’s deepening crisis and had been steadily marginalized . ”
So , this time the ICM won over the warlords .
The Times noted , “ For Sheik Sharif , the burden of reconciling Somalia ’s 10 million people and ending 18 years of bloodshed will be daunting .
Most of Somalia is controlled by various Islamist militias , although some of the moderate Islamist groups support the government .
The government itself controls only a few blocks of Mogadishu .
“ The Shabab , a hard - line Islamist militia , controls most of Mogadishu and much of the southern part of the country .
It has denounced the election in Djibouti as meaningless , and on Monday captured the seat of Parliament in the town of Baidoa .
Somalia has been without a functioning central government since 1991 , when General Siad Barre was removed from power and the army fell into the hands of clan militias , who turned on one another and left the country largely in anarchy . ”
Sadly for Somalia , member of the Islamic Conference , the League of Arab States , the Organization of African Unity , former close ally of the US , and keeper of good relations with former colonizers , Britain and Italy , and member of the UN , none of these countries or institutions , supposedly friends of Somalia , made any serious effort to assist the country post haste in its hour of crisis .
The Washington Post datelined September 24 , 1992 , pointed out “ Just thirty years after it officially became an independent nation , Somalia essentially has ceased to exist . ”
That might have been an exaggeration of the moment , but there is some sad truth to it .
Then , too , the abuse and poverty of Somalia , its people and resources , have contributed to the present , industry of piracy , and the CIA ’s call for a presence “ on the beach side ” as well as in the water .
As Wiki reports .
“ Piracy off the Somali coast has been a threat to international shipping since the beginning of the Somali Civil War in the early 1990s .
Since 2005 , many international organizations , including the International Maritime Organization and the World Food Programme , have expressed concern over the rise in acts of piracy .
“ Piracy has contributed to an increase in shipping costs and impeded the delivery of food aid shipments .
Ninety percent of the World Food Programme ’s shipments arrive by sea , and ships have required a military escort .
According to the Kenyan foreign minister , Somali pirates have received over US $ 150 million in ransom during the 12 months prior to November 2008 .
As stated , “ Clashes have been reported between Somalia ’s Islamist fighters ( who are opposed to the Transitional Federal Government ( TFG ) and the pirates .
In August 2008 , Combined Task Force 150 , a multinational coalition task force , took on the role of fighting Somali piracy by establishing a Maritime Security Patrol Area ( MSPA ) within the Gulf of Aden . [ 6 ]
The increasing threat posed by piracy also caused significant concerns in India since most of its shipping trade routes pass through the Gulf of Aden .
The Indian Navy responded to these concerns by deploying a warship in the region on October 23 , 2008 .
In September 2008 , Russia announced that it too will soon join international efforts to combat piracy .
“ On October 5 , 2008 , the United Nations Security Council adopted resolution 1838 calling on nations with vessels in the area to apply military force to repress the acts of piracy .
At the 101st council of the International Maritime Organization , India called for a United Nations peacekeeping force under unified command to tackle piracy off Somalia .
There has been a general and complete arms embargo against Somalia since 1992 . ”
Interestingly , the pirates recently have managed to arm themselves to the teeth with the profits from hijacking higher profile ships at much higher ransoms rather than smaller , more vulnerable vessels carrying trade across the Straits or employed in the coastal trade on either side of the Straits .
“ In November 2008 , Somali pirates began hijacking ships well outside the Gulf of Aden , perhaps targeting ships headed for the port of Mombasa , Kenya . [ 13 ]
The frequency and sophistication of the attacks also increased around this time , as did the size of vessels being targeted .
Large cargo ships , oil and chemical tankers on international voyages became the new targets of choice for the Somali hijackers .
As stated , “ There are discussions under way to begin an aggressive covert operation against the pirates . . . ”
As mentioned earlier , the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) has been publicly warning of this potential threat for months .
In a Harpers Magazine article , a CIA official stated , “ We need to deal with this problem from the beach side , in concert with the ocean side , but we do n’t have an embassy in Somalia and limited , ineffective intelligence operations .
We need to work in Somalia and in Lebanon , where a lot of the ransom money has changed hands .
But our operations in Lebanon are a joke , and we have no presence at all in Somalia . ”
Take that with a grain of salt .
Wiki also points to years of toxic waste dumping in Somali waters by European nations , exacerbated by the Tsunami which spread the waste settled on the bottom , redistributing the toxic radiation , which has seriously sickened many Somalis who have eaten the fish .
Fortunately , the pirates kept out industrial fishing and gave the waters and the fish a chance to heal and repopulate .
The ransom monies have contributed to reviving the coastal economies of impoverished towns .
So there ’s a bit of Robin Hood afoot with the pirates here as well as eco-protection .
Then , too , the pirates were wise enough to handle with care their hijacked crews and expensive vessels .
This takes some of the sting out of the ransoms , making them simply a cost of doing business in the region .
So goes this sketch of a very complex political picture .
Coups , instability , insurgencies , counterinsurgencies , warlords , clans , pirates and now Blackwater ’s newly - minted Blackwater / Ex .
As to the future , I feel Somalia will be further destabilized by factionalism blamed on Al Qaeda , this to fuel more anti-Islam sentiment .
Worse - case scenario would be the introduction of a Karzai - like puppet , pro-US government as the gas and oil rights go to one the big four companies hovering like tyrannosaurs around them .
But stay tuned .
Today Somalia , tomorrow the world .
Anything can happen as the US lands in Africa thirsty for its favorite drink , oil , with a side of natural gas , bought with bloodshed and catastrophe .
Whatever happened to our Peace President , our Obama , who disliked dumb wars ?
Estimates range from 300,000 to 1,000,000 slaughtered in these “ dumb ” wars .
This article was posted : Monday , January 18 , 2010 at 9:38 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
2
As you run to the wall , you should pump your arms like you ’re sprinting , rather than swinging your arms from behind and up as you did in the one - legged wall flip . [ 33 ]
In order to figure out what will be most comfortable for you , practice running at the wall and using both your right and left foot as your first step .
Run up to the wall a bit faster than you did for the one - legged wall flip .
With a two - step wall flip , deciding which foot to start your steps with lies more with personal preference rather than a clear cut right or left step .
For example , if you are a righty , your right foot will be your dominant foot .
You may want to take your first step using your right foot so you can get a lot of height in your first jump up the wall .
However , you may want to take your first step with your left foot , so your dominant foot can push off the wall and provide better control in your flip .
It all depends on what ’s more comfortable for you .
